( cnn ) late one night on facebook , a girl with cystic fibrosis messaged a boy with cystic fibrosis , and both their lives were changed forever . the girl , katie donovan , read that the boy , dalton prager , was very sick . `` if you ever need a friend to talk to , you can reach out to me , '' she wrote . `` sorry , but do i know you ? '' he responded . no , you do n't , katie wrote back , and told dalton a bit about herself . like him , she was 18 , and `` my breathing is pretty crappy and i see you are in the hospital . i 'm sorry . i know it sucks ! ... but you just got ta stay strong . '' messages between the two flew back and forth . they realized they were falling in love . for most other couples , the next step would be to meet in person . but for katie and dalton , that was complicated -- and dangerous . cystic fibrosis patients should n't be near each other because they can share infections that could cripple their already fragile lungs . dr. michael anstead at the university of kentucky , katie 's pulmonologist since she was a little girl , had lectured her many times that face-to-face meetings with other cf patients were a bad idea . in their online conversations , one of the first things dalton told katie about himself was that he had burkholderia cepacia , a horribly dangerous infection for people with cf . `` i was like , ' hi , i 'm dalton from missouri and i have burkholderia cepacia , ' because it 's such a big deal in the cf community , '' he remembers . `` i left the decision about whether we should meet up completely up to her . '' katie listened to her heart , even if it might hurt her lungs . she asked dalton to come visit her in flemingsburg , kentucky . `` i told dalton i 'd rather be happy -- like really , really happy -- for five years of my life and die sooner than be mediocre happy and live for twenty years , '' katie says . `` that was definitely something i had to think about , but when you have those feelings , you just know . '' so on august 28 , 2009 , dalton drove more than six hours from st. charles , missouri , to katie 's hometown in flemingsburg , kentucky , where they 'd arranged to meet at the dairy queen . at 7:10 pm -- they remember the time precisely -- katie got out of her car and saw dalton leaning against a brick wall looking cool and handsome in his sunglasses . `` my heart was racing , but i just went right up to him and hugged and kissed him on the mouth without even saying hello , '' she remembers . `` i 'm usually not that kind of girl , but it just felt so right . '' katie took dalton and his mother , renee , who 'd made the trip with him , to have dinner with her and her parents , debbie and john donovan . later the young couple drove around flemingsburg , and dalton gave her a necklace for her nineteenth birthday , which was two days before . their health quickly deteriorated , and within months , the new husband and wife went on oxygen full time . too ill to work , dalton quit his job at his family 's auto repair shop , and katie quit hers as a store clerk . in august , 2014 , the couple entered the university of pittsburgh medical center together to wait for new lungs . dalton 's came first , and on november 17 , he had his transplant . despite his burkholderia cepacia , which makes transplants more complicated , it was a success . `` i was so thrilled . i was so happy for him , '' katie says . the month after dalton 's surgery , upmc discharged katie -- she says they told her it would be psychologically good for her to get out for a while . when she had serious trouble breathing three days later she tried to get back into the hospital , but upmc informed her she 'd used up her supply of medicare days and would n't accept her . medicare -- the federal insurance program for the elderly and for anyone with disabilities -- would n't pay for another hospitalization until katie had been out of the hospital for sixty days . but katie was too sick to stay out of the hospital for six days , much less sixty . so katie relied on medicaid , public insurance that was supplied by her home state of kentucky . she was admitted to the university of kentucky hospital , where she was cared for by anstead , her beloved pulmonologist . but then , another hurdle . anstead explained that most lung transplant centers , including the two in kentucky , do n't do transplants on patients with burkholderia cepacia , referring them to larger centers like upmc that have more experience with such complicated cases . katie and dalton , now 24 and 23 , were desperate . her doctors predicted she would n't live a year without new lungs . going on her husband 's private insurance was n't an option , since dalton is on his father 's policy . in february , anstead wrote a letter to medicaid , pleading with them to make an exception and pay for katie 's care at upmc , even though it was out of state . kentucky medicaid denied his plea , and that 's when the squabbling began . in a statement to cnn , a spokeswoman for the kentucky cabinet for health and family services pointed the finger at upmc , saying the medical center had declined to enroll as a kentucky medicaid provider . `` medicaid policies allow for a simplified enrollment process for out-of-state providers in such situations , '' wrote the spokeswoman , gwenda bond . `` should upmc reverse its decision and choose to enroll as a kentucky medicaid provider , the department for medicaid services ... will be happy to expedite their application . '' upmc counters that kentucky medicaid told them that if they want to care for katie , they would have to sign up hundreds of their doctors to accept kentucky medicaid patients . while upmc spokeswoman wendy zellner did n't elaborate , a hospital might be loathe to sign up for large-scale coverage of out-of-state medicaid patients as payments under such programs are typically very low . asking for hundreds of doctors to sign up to take kentucky medicaid is `` an unusually restrictive approach and contrary to single-case agreements that we have signed with other state medicaid programs , '' zellner wrote . `` upmc wants to help katie , and our physicians and staff have done everything possible to make that happen ... it is up to kentucky medicaid to address this situation . '' today , katie waits in limbo in her hospital bed , hoping that the three parties -- medicare , medicaid , and upmc -- will work things out so she can get her new lungs . `` i feel like they 're putting a dollar sign on my life , '' she says . `` i do n't want to die because of money . that 's stupid . nobody should have to do that . '' if katie does n't get her transplant , not only will she die , but she 'll never be near her husband again because of the risk that she could give him her infection , which could be deadly for him as he 's on drugs to suppress his immune system . as a result of inquiries from cnn , on wednesday aaron albright , the director of the media relations group at the centers for medicare and medicaid services arranged for a caseworker to call katie at the hospital . but it did n't go very well . katie says the caller , who identified herself as pat pierorazio , was `` rude , mean , and angry . '' `` she said someone had told her to call me , and she acted like it was just a pain to have to be talking to me , '' she says . katie says the medicare representative told her she would look into her situation . in a statement , albright with cms wrote to cnn : `` we are working quickly to fully understand this difficult and complex situation so that this patient can get the care she needs . cms is reaching out to the state agency to find a solution as soon as possible . '' caught in the middle between the hospital and insurance , katie tries to stay strong , just as she advised her husband to do nearly six years ago in their first facebook conversation . skyping with dalton helps , and raising money on their facebook page keeps her mind busy . and she 's always thinking about their `` after transplant bucket list , '' which they keep in a safe in their house so it wo n't be destroyed by fire or flood . on the list : drive through every state . learn another language and visit a country where they speak it . write a book together about their love story . they have simpler dreams as well . like going grocery shopping together , or sitting side by side on the couch to watch television . and this is their biggest goal : `` i just want to make it to see our four year anniversary in july and be able to hold hands and just hug . that 's all i really want -- to be able to hug my husband on our fourth anniversary , '' she says . wednesday afternoon , there were signs of hope . zeller , the upmc spokeswoman , sent an email to cnn . `` ky medicaid has reached out to us to talk . so stay tuned , '' she wrote . katie and dalton were glad to hear it . `` i do n't care what i have to do to get her lungs , '' dalton said . `` i will just keep trying until there 's nothing left to try . ''