washington ( cnn ) nearly 6 in 10 americans say that businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to provide those services to same-sex couples in the same way they would all other customers , even if they have religious objections . a new cnn/orc poll finds 57 % feel businesses such as caterers or florists should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples just as they would heterosexual couples , while 41 % say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons . that 's a shift from a pew research center poll conducted last fall , which found just 49 % thought businesses ought to be required to serve same-sex couples while 47 % that they should be allowed to refuse service on religious grounds . since the pew poll last fall , indiana 's religious freedom restoration act , signed into law in late march by republican governor mike pence , sparked a nationwide controversy over whether the law allowed wedding-related businesses to refuse service to gay and lesbian couples . apple , walmart and the ncaa all spoke out against the law , while some states and cities with democratic leaders barred spending public money in indiana . pence and other indiana legislators insisted discrimination was not the law 's intent and a bill to change the original law was signed in early april . in the cnn/orc poll , most democrats ( 70 % ) and independents ( 60 % ) say wedding-related businesses should be required to provide services to same-sex couples as they would different-sex couples , while republicans break broadly the other way , 67 % say religious reasons are a valid justification for refusing service . full poll results . looking at republicans and independents who lean toward the republican party , 60 % in that group say wedding-related businesses should be allowed to refuse services to same-sex couples , but there are sharp divides within that group by age and ideology . moderate and liberal republicans and republican-leaners broadly say wedding-related businesses should be required to serve all couples the same way ( 58 % ) while three-quarters of conservative republicans favor allowing a caterer or florist to refuse service for religious reasons ( 74 % ) . among republicans and republican-leaning independents under age 50 , 56 % say wedding-related businesses should be required to serve same-sex and different-sex couples the same way while among those age 50 or older , 72 % think they should not be required to do so . the big gay wedding cake quiz . age differences hold across party lines , but the generation gap among republicans and republican-leaners is larger than that among democrats and democratic-leaning independents . overall , white evangelicals are broadly in favor of allowing businesses to refuse service for religious reasons - 62 % say they should be able to . but among whites who are not evangelicals , 61 % say such businesses should be required to provide services to all couples the same way . the shift from the pew center results comes across demographic lines . men , women , whites , younger adults and senior citizens all are more apt than in the pew poll to say wedding-related business should be required to serve same-sex couples as they do others . the cnn/orc international poll was conducted by telephone , april 16-19 , among a random national sample of 1,018 adult americans . results for the full poll have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points . michigan auto repair shop says yes to gun owners , no to homosexuals .