( cnn ) it 's no surprise which image is making the headlines from this week 's gathering of leaders from nearly three dozen nations in panama : a historic handshake between president barack obama and cuban president raul castro . but this first meeting of obama and castro since they announced plans to start normalizing diplomatic ties should not be the end of the summit story . or at least obama is hoping it wo n't be . after all , the president has had some unhappy experiences at hemispheric summits , where the headlines have often focused on some less than flattering moments . the reality is that the united states has been losing ground in this increasingly important region , and obama needs to put on a strong performance in panama at the summit of the americas if the u.s. is to have a chance of improving ties with neighbors who should be best friends , but who have drifted away as america has been focused on challenges at home and instability in the middle east . unfortunately , america has lost influence in latin america to a hyperactive china , a cunning russia and a troubling iran , all of which have made inroads in the region at washington 's expense . this gathering therefore offers a chance for the u.s. to reverse the tide and build on the potential offered by a natural alliance strengthened by millions of people with latin american and caribbean blood who make their homes in the united states . the foundations for a strong hemispheric bloc are there . but they need attention , and the panama meeting offers a good opportunity to start building . but first : do no harm . large diplomatic gatherings are minutely orchestrated events , and the u.s. , with its vast experience in preparing for high-level multilateral meetings , knows the importance of dotting the i 's and crossing the t 's . but this has n't stopped recent summits descending into diplomatic and pr disasters for the u.s. just look at the last summit , held in cartagena , colombia , which stayed in the news much longer than anyone expected after secret service agents embarrassed the united states by hiring prostitutes and bringing them to their hotel rooms , in violation of basic security protocols . they were reportedly caught after one of the women accused an agent of refusing to pay an agreed fee . as a result of all this , the americans looked dumb , incompetent -- and cheap . and back in 2009 , the president -- new on the job -- was caught flat footed by a fast-talking , fiery anti-american president of venezuela . the late hugo chavez outplayed the leader of the free world , who had just taken office and was trying to show america 's new `` outstretched hand '' toward the foe of the george w. bush era . the summit hit a depressing low for the obama administration when chavez walked up to obama and , as the cameras clicked , handed the american president a copy of the book `` open veins of latin america , '' which blames the region 's woes on the u.s. and europe . yet the problems in cartagena were n't just symbolic . regional leaders lined up against washington , which had refused to include cuba in the summit , and vowed they would not hold any more of the gatherings unless havana was also invited . america was cornered . all this stands in contrast to the optimism of the early clinton years , when the president issued an invitation to `` democratically elected '' heads of state of latin america , which was then breaking the chains of military dictatorship . back then , the u.s. had just led the creation of the north american free trade agreement ( nafta ) and actually seemed to stand for something attractive to the region , namely democracy , free trade and economic growth . that 's what it should aim for every time : articulating a clear vision and rallying neighbors behind it . can obama manage something similar this time ? true , the president has come armed with his new cuba policy . unfortunately , in an effort to placate critics who say obama is not doing more for pro-democracy activists , the white house has miscalculated with venezuela , handing the repressive regime of chavez 's successor , nicolas maduro , a stick with which to beat the u.s. obama has long and rightly ignored maduro 's claims that the u.s. planned to overthrow him . but a modest plan to impose sanctions has suddenly handed maduro -- who has presided over an economic catastrophe in his country -- a way to portray himself a victim of the u.s. , something he will no doubt play that up in panama . all this risks again reviving memories of past tensions with latin americans who already have complicated feelings toward the u.s. over its cold war support for unseemly right-wing dictators , a policy it claimed to pursue in the name of preventing soviet-backed communism from taking hold . but those days are behind us . today , the people want prosperity , they want democracy , and they want the rule of law -- all of which leave a potential opening for the united states . too many national leaders are eroding democratic norms : opposition leaders are in prison in venezuela ; a prosecutor who criticized the president was found dead in argentina ; press freedom is under siege in several countries ; and corruption is reaching new highs . all of this suggests that if obama plays his cards right , he will have the opportunity to explain to the people of latin america that their goals are also america 's goals ; that like them , he supports democracy , human rights , the rule of law , full freedom of expression and free elections in every country . the fact that he met with cuban dissidents was welcome , and sends a message that he is not neglecting other issues such as human rights as he recasts relations with cuba . for the millions in latin america that still live in poverty , these freedoms can seem like a distant luxury . but if obama can show them that the united states is a true partner in efforts to improve their lives , then he will leave a longer-lasting legacy in the region than just a handshake .