london ( cnn ) it was n't messrs clooney , pitt and their nine accomplices who sailed down an elevator shaft and cracked open dozens of safety deposit boxes at a london vault during the easter weekend . but last weekend 's raid in the heart of the city 's jewelry district feels like it has been taken from a movie like `` ocean 11 '' given its daring and planning . such robberies are rare : the gang did n't follow the current criminal trend of manipulating digits in cyber space but instead went back to basics and committed their burglary in a way not seen in london for more than 40 years . in september 1971 , the staff of a bank in baker street , central london , arrived at work to find that thieves had dug a 40-yard tunnel from a shop they had rented , hauled in a thermic lance and explosives and opened the strong room . the gang got away with a haul worth around £30 million ( the incident later formed the basis of the movie `` the bank job . '' ) but how are such heists organized ? roy ramm , a former commander of specialist operations at london 's scotland yard for 27 years , explains . in the uk burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people , people who would otherwise have blue collar jobs . in more than 25 years as a scotland yard detective , i never met a raffles- or a thomas crown-style criminal from a middle-class background who had then turned to the hard side of crime . sophisticated heists like the hatton garden raid are generally not a natural progression for burglars who began with smaller domestic break-ins . many neighborhood criminals commit burglaries to feed drugs habits and acquire long strings of convictions that mean they are always on the police radar . occasionally , they steal things they ca n't sell and end up dumping valuable paintings or antiques when they are not able to sell them on quickly . more specialist criminals -- those , for example , who target museums or country houses -- will be very specific and steal only what they know they can quickly convert to untraceable cash . many of those who commit the bigger crimes or run major criminal enterprises combine high iqs with a kind of raw street intelligence . one of their skills is the ability to recognize a criminal opportunity when it presents itself , possibly from a source of inside information . probably the biggest difference between any heist you 'll see in a movie and its real-life equivalent is the motive . i 've never encountered any criminal who committed a high value crime just for the challenge or to prove that it could be done . the only reason has been for the money , often to support a certain lifestyle and to fund other criminal enterprises . inside information is one way of identifying a criminal opportunity , using people who are able to provide that crucial detail or who will participate in some small way to facilitate the crime . the brinks mat robbery in 1983 -- a case which i was involved in at the time -- saw a criminal gang escape with gold bullion worth more than £28 million ( around £88 million -- or $ 130million -- adjusting for inflation ) from a warehouse at london 's heathrow airport . the knightsbridge safety deposit robbery of 1987 saw a gang make off with tens of millions of pounds in cash and valuables from an upscale london neighbourhood ( the true amount will never be known ) . both were made possible by inside information : it 's an angle that london detectives investigating last weekend 's heist will be looking at very closely . the planning behind the hatton garden raid will have been meticulous . the target will have been observed , perhaps for months , and the thieves will have decided on the right time to commit the crime . a long weekend or a public holiday are occasions when more time may be available , also perhaps when regular staff are away . sometimes the mastermind behind the raid will need a larger team of criminals to do a specific job . usually they will already be known directly to each other , perhaps because they worked on other jobs together . possibly a specialist can be brought in by another team member -- but they have to be able to trust each other and trust comes from understanding , so gangs in the uk tend to come from the same social and ethnic group , maybe even limited to one relatively small geographic area . even though there is more diversity in society , it would be unusual to find a broad ethnic or social mix in the team put together for a major crime . vehicles will have been obtained , stolen or purchased for cash and their identities cloned or changed . equipment will have been sourced . everything will have been cleaned , cleaned and cleaned again to remove forensic traces . they will plan routes that avoid cctv and timings that attract the least attention . they will have untraceable disposable phones and an outside team to warn the inside men of any problems . they will have planned their getaway , their clean-up and how and when they are going to dispose of anything that might link them to the crime scene -- and of course how they are going to sell on the proceeds of their crime . what criminals steal does n't vary that much . cash is probably first choice , followed by anything that can quickly and easily be converted to cash , like gold , jewellery and watches . the conversion of stolen goods to cash is risky and expensive : the brinks mat bullion that was traced was because it had been clumsily smelted and then sold on . fine paintings and rare antiques are less desirable for experienced criminals -- unless they are stealing to order -- because they are so identifiable and because the black market is so much smaller . a painting may sell at an international auction for millions of dollars but it will only fetch a fraction of its true value from a dishonest collector . london detectives investigating the hatton garden heist will be looking very closely at the possibility of inside involvement . but police enquiries wo n't stop there . they will look at every aspect of how the target business operates , then try to think like criminals to identify the weaknesses in physical and operational security that the gang may have been informed about or else spotted and then exploited . the forensic assault on the crime scene will be immense . in recent years forensic science has made major advances in identifying trace evidence and investigators will look for any scrap of evidence that might yield the dna of a criminal . cctv footage from street cameras and from inside private premises will be analyzed and vehicle movements logged and cross-checked . rewards for information will be offered . witnesses will interviewed . in the police 's criminal intelligence branch , the movements of known criminals will be analyzed and the networks of sources -- informers -- will be tasked to report what they hear . the details of any identifiable goods which have been stolen will be circulated to known markets , both in the uk and internationally . the detectives investigating these major crimes in the uk see them as an exciting challenge to their professionalism . they do n't admire the criminals but they have less contempt for a gang that builds a sophisticated plan and causes no personal harm to anyone than say for a violent robber . but the investigation will still be relentless .