( cnn ) one of tokyo 's most prominent districts has taken a small , but potentially significant step to recognizing same-sex unions in japan . the government of shibuya ward , one of the capital 's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts , passed ordinance on wednesday paving the way for `` partnership certificates '' for same-sex couples , allowing them some of the rights of married heterosexual couples . same-sex partners who are registered with the district 's ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals and co-sign tenancy agreements . other advantages that heterosexual married couples enjoy , such as joint filing of taxes , are controlled by the federal government and are outside the remit of individual municipalities . the measure was proposed in february by shibuya 's mayor , toshitake kuwahara . while the certificates will not be issued until later in the summer and are not legally binding , proponents of marriage equality in socially conservative japan say that the ward 's decision is a step in the right direction . `` it is not a marriage license and advantages will be limited but still better than nothing , '' gon matsunaka , a gay rights activist , told cnn . while shibuya 's decision does not yet equate to heterosexual marriage , the hope is that the move will be the beginnings of promoting marriage equality for gay communities . `` what is important for the lgbt ( lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ) community in shibuya is the ruling will make us visible in society , '' matsunaka said . `` it could be a strong driver for shibuya citizens to learn and know what kind of problems lgbt people are facing . '' taiga ishikawa , tokyo councillor and the first male gay local assembly member in japan , told cnn the ordinance was a `` big first step for the protection of human rights . '' he called the decision `` happy '' but said that it must go alongside education about alternative lifestyles . he said that the most important part of today 's announcement is that it `` should be actually put into practice , as should education for understanding ( lgbt individuals ) especially they suffer as they find out their sexuality when they are young . '' neighboring setagaya ward has indicated that it would look into following shibuya 's lead . however , former councilor ishikawa cautioned against taking the movement 's momentum for granted . `` to realize equal rights for gay couples , a national law has to be made , '' he said . while outright discrimination against the lgbt community is rare in japan , its effects can be hidden and gay people often find themselves at a disadvantage . many hide their sexuality from their employers , co-workers , families and friends . but the tide may be turning . a recent poll found that a slight majority at 52.4 % oppose gay marriage , but support amongst young adults in their 20s and 30s is as high as 70 % . an editorial in the asahi shimbun newspaper , which commissioned the poll , welcomed the shibuya decision , calling it `` a bold and important step forward . '' only traditional marriages are recognized under japan 's constitution , but the wording is vague enough to open it to interpretation , according to mari miura , a professor of gender and politics at sophia university in tokyo . `` the constitution does not rule out same-sex marriage , so an interpretation can be made that it is constitutional , '' miura told bloomberg business . while prime minister shinzo abe and the ruling liberal democratic party `` do n't like the idea of same-sex marriage , but at the same time the issue is gaining momentum . '' conservative groups were vocal in their opposition , with one , known as the network pushing for normalization of education , telling the japan times that granting same-sex couples the same rights as all other japanese citizens would degrade the `` familial system and practice that heterosexual unions have long preserved in human history . '' while shibuya 's registration system will be a first for japan , yodogawa ward in the western japanese city of osaka was the first in the nation to recognize and support the lgbt community . in 2013 the ward government pledged to give consideration to the issues that the community faced , and to train staff to accommodate needs specific to lgbt individuals . journalist chie kobayashi contributed reporting from tokyo .