washington ( cnn ) an off-duty member of the uniformed division of secret service was arrested friday in washington and charged with first-degree attempted burglary , a felony , and one misdemeanor count for destruction of property , the d.c. metropolitan police department reported . arthur baldwin , 29 , was arrested at a woman 's residence in southeast washington , according to documents provided by the police department . he has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended , the secret service said . baldwin is assigned to the foreign missions branch , according to u.s. secret service spokesman brian leary . that branch is responsible for working with the diplomatic community in washington . a police officer went to a residence about 12:24 a.m. after receiving a call about a burglary in progress , police documents said . the officer found the front door with broken hinges , boot prints and two broken windows , the documents say . the woman who lives there told the officer , `` my ex-boyfriend wo n't leave me alone . '' while the d.c. metropolitan police officer was at the scene , baldwin drove up , said he was a police officer and asked to speak with the woman , the police document said . when asked if he kicked in the door , baldwin said , `` i kicked the door but did not ... break the windows , '' the document said . when a cnn reporter asked for a comment friday during an arraignment , baldwin said , `` no , you 'll get me in trouble . '' his next court date is april 23 . the u.s. attorney 's office said the charge of attempted first-degree burglary carries a sentence of up to five years in prison . the charge of destruction of property carries a sentence of up to 180 days in jail and/or a fine of up to $ 1,000 . related : secret service supervisor accused of making unwanted sexual advances . the incident comes as the secret service is trying to mend its reputation after numerous issues concerning the discipline and professionalism of its officers have come to light recently . more specifics on this incident were not yet available . leary also said the secret service 's `` office of professional responsibility will investigate this matter . ''