( cnn ) last month 's so-so jobs numbers confirm the challenges our economy still faces . despite recent gains , only 126,000 jobs were added , the lowest since december 2013 . wages remain sluggish . and unemployment may still be at 5.5 % , but there is wide concern among labor experts and economists that too much job growth is in part-time low-income work . low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis , and low-wage jobs remain a fixture of the new economy . nearly 60 % of the people in america 's workforce are paid hourly and work part-time . most part-time employees are doing low-wage work . tackling this growing trend is complex . but there is a simple step we can take to improve the conditions of low-wage workers today . congress should help low-wage workers gain access to predictable work schedules . here is how this issue works : america 's major fast-food chains , retailers and department stores use `` just-in-time '' scheduling to maximize profit , which in turn creates unstable and stressful work environments for low-wage workers . this type of scheduling has increased dramatically because of sophisticated software that ties staffing to expected customer traffic . algorithms , built on sales and economic data , provide real-time information for managers to make personnel adjustments . not surprisingly , such haphazard scheduling wreaks havoc with low-wage workers . hourly low-income workers endure significantly greater fluctuations in their hours and less predictability in how much they earn than full-time employees . many do n't even know their weekly schedules until the last moment . a university of chicago study found that 41 % of early career hourly workers and 47 % who work part-time received a week or less of notice of their work schedules . imagine dealing with this as you are trying to earn a basic living , find reliable child care , get new vocational skills , or attend to medical needs . women and workers of color most acutely struggle with this practice . women comprise over two-thirds of the nearly 20 million workers in low-wage jobs like home health care , fast food work , and cash services . similarly , a large proportion of minorities work low-wage jobs . nearly 50 % of african-americans and latinos receive their hours with a week or less notice . by comparison , almost 40 % of whites receive weekly notice . minorities also have much less of an ability to control their hours . only 10 % of latinos and 12 % of black workers reported being able to set their hours within certain limits or freely . within this same context , 18 % of whites said they could . child care is the primary casualty of just-in-time scheduling . because of erratic shifts , child care centers often ca n't accommodate a working mother 's schedule . many must attend to informal arrangements , which by nature are unstable and unreliable . traditional economic safeguards have offered little help to these workers . unions , for example , have provided little protection against just-in-time scheduling because of their nascent role in the service economy . real solutions exist . states and cities are enacting laws to address scheduling abuses . new york , minnesota and michigan previously introduced promising legislation . and in december , san francisco became the first jurisdiction to pass a `` retail worker bill of rights . '' this ordinance limits how chain stores can alter their employees ' schedules . still , there is no substitute for federal action . too many people work in states with little protection . washington ignores the problem because congressional republicans have shown little interest in the plight of low-wage workers . last summer , the schedules that work act was introduced in congress . according to the national women 's law center , the bill would provide workers the right to request and receive predictable work schedules , receive compensation for sudden scheduling changes , and not fear retaliation if they request scheduling accommodations from their boss . although the bill expired last session it will likely be reintroduced . and yet the bill will most likely not pass . congressional republicans have demonstrated they are more interested in unraveling worker protections under the guise of supporting economic growth . conservatives should embrace this work-schedule legislation . the bill protects families and allows them to attend to their many obligations , not just work . protecting shift workers is likewise good for business . studies show that workers who exercise greater control over their hours are happier and more efficient . conversely , just-in-time scheduling increases worker turnover and hurts worker satisfaction . while washington stalls , it 's everyday americans who are hurt . it 's the single mom in chattanooga working as a walmart cashier who 's juggling work and childcare for her kids . it 's the arby 's line cook in fort worth who needs reliable shifts to make her dialysis treatments . it 's the stock man at an amazon fulfillment center in lehigh valley who ca n't get his son to pre-algebra tutoring because of his erratic shifts . our leaders have the unique responsibility to protect america and attend to the critical economic challenges of our time . even with the weaker-than-expected jobs report we know our overall economy is improving , yet income-inequality is deepening . congress must endorse a recovery that 's inclusive , livable , and one that enables every family to balance competing obligations . they can start by passing legislation that better protects shift workers from arbitrary and unpredictable scheduling practices .