marietta , georgia ( cnn ) the little-known star of this week 's no . 1 car chase movie , `` furious 7 '' is n't a car . it 's an airplane . film producers hired a lockheed c-130 hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high , open a cargo door at the rear of the plane and parachute them out in a spectacular free-fall stunt . geronimo ! happy 60th birthday to the hercules -- the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history . lockheed has been making these airplanes longer than the legendary b-52 bomber and the famous u2 spy jet . unlike those planes , the c-130 has never become a household name . the fact that `` furious 7 '' producers chose a plane that was designed in the 1950s tells you a little something about the success of the hercules . the film makes it appear as if another plane -- a c-17 globemaster iii -- drops the cars . but in real life , it took a hercules to pull it off . shooting the scene posed unique logistical challenges , said stunt coordinator jack gill in a featurette video about the mission . `` you start throwing all those cars out together -- you 've got to figure out spacing . and these things drop very fast , '' gill said . jeremiah beaudin of international air response co-piloted the stunt . `` we have to be very precise in our headings and our altitudes , '' he says in the video . the hercules is big . it 's tough . it 's versatile . it refuels helicopters in flight . it can fly a small military force and its heavy equipment around the world -- and land on short , unfinished airstrips . at lockheed 's marietta , georgia , factory in 1955 , the governor of georgia christened the first production c-130a by smashing a bottle of chattahoochee river water across its nose . the plane then proceeded to take off from nearby dobbins air force base . on tuesday , exactly 60 years later , georgia gov . nathan deal recreated the ceremony -- christening a brand new super hercules during a birthday party of sorts for lockheed executives and military dignitaries . `` i 'm told that the 2,500th version of this aircraft is now on the ( assembly ) line inside this building , '' deal said . `` it transports , it becomes a war airplane as necessary and it is recognized as the true workhorse . '' inside the plane 's cockpit , lockheed test pilot steve knoblock said he 's done a lot of air-drop testing while flying c-130s . `` we 've dropped some crazy things out , '' knoblock said . `` air dropping a car out of an airplane is easy . whatever we can fit inside the ( cargo ) hold , we can drop . '' several factors come into play for a pilot making a drop , knoblock said , including payload weight , wind speed and timing . `` we have to give time for the car to clear the airplane , let the parachutes deploy , and then actually open , '' he said . one tricky decision involves how high the plane drops its cargo . `` there 's a trade off -- between dropping it low and being more accurate ... and dropping it high where you have a little more safety in how it will land . '' knoblock also explained how the c-130 's robust landing gear helps the plane survive difficult landing conditions . `` the pilot gets to decide how hard the touchdown 's going to be , '' he said . `` sometimes to get his performance , he needs to really let it crunch on the ground . but the airplane can handle it . '' meanwhile , in the back of the plane , lockheed loadmaster lucky madsen showed off the plane 's new reversible deck , which makes it easier to switch the floor from a flat surface ... to a floor with rollers embedded in it . the rollers make it easier to move cargo around and launch it out the back of the airplane . the legacy surrounding the hercules has been built by 60 years of successful missions , including : in 1989 , a flight crew aboard a hercules named teal 57 was credited with saving the crew of a national oceanic and atmospheric administration hurricane hunter airplane . while flying through hurricane hugo , the noaa plane lost an engine and suffered damage to a second engine . teal 57 happened to be nearby and located a safe place for the noaa plane to escape the eye of the deadly category 5 storm . everyone returned safely to base . in 2012 , israeli brig . gen. joshua shani revealed how he flew a hercules on a successful hostage rescue mission to entebbe , uganda . four c-130s helped rescue passengers from a hijacked air france flight in 1976 . `` at some places that were particularly dangerous , we flew at an altitude of 35 feet , '' to evade radar . `` trust me , this is scary ! '' he told idfblog.com . during the military build up to 2003 's u.s.-led invasion of iraq , a hercules test dropped the biggest conventional weapon in the pentagon 's arsenal -- a so-called moab -- known in military circles as `` the mother of all bombs . '' a c-130 ejected the 21,000-pound bomb out its rear cargo door high above florida 's eglin air force base . the bomb fell to earth and detonated in a spectacular fire ball . in the past , the air force attached small solid-fuel rocket engines to some c-130s . the added power allowed steep takeoffs on super short runways . the hercules was n't designed to land on aircraft carriers . they 're too short . nonetheless , a hercules did it -- during a test in 1963 . that 's how amazing this plane is . but nothing lasts forever , and the c-130 is no different . the air force has been developing a so-called `` super short takeoff and landing aircraft '' that might replace the hercules after 2020 . the air force research laboratory calls it speed agile . the proposed four-engine aircraft would be able to transport super heavy loads across oceans and to arrive and depart on short , improvised airfields . pentagon planners apparently are hoping to create a hercules-inspired success story that will extend into the latter half of the 21st century .