( cnn ) by the elation online and in the streets , you 'd think iran had just won the world cup . but this is bigger . iranians erupted in celebration as young people waved flags from their sunroofs , blasted music from stereos and chatted online with the hashtag # irantalks . the excitement came after a breakthrough nuclear deal with the united states and other world powers that promises to end iran 's international isolation under years of crippling sanctions . just before midnight on thursday , vali asr street , one of tehran 's main thoroughfares , turned into something like a block party . car horns blared . men danced in the middle of traffic . some people flaunted u.s. dollar bills . it was a fitting double occasion : the agreement was struck on the final day of persian new year festivities , symbolizing a fresh start . milad , a 20-year-old university student among the crowds , told cnn he was happy about the accord but wary about his own future . `` i still believe i 'll have a hard time finding a job that pays well , with or without this deal . '' another tehran resident , alireza , 37 , said `` things ca n't get worse than they are so , i 'm happy with this news . '' `` this is pretty historic and i pray that my children will be able to live in an iran that can play nice with the international community . '' at home that evening , families watched as iranian state television broadcast u.s. president barack obama 's speech live , which came for many as a surprise . some iranians celebrated the moment by snapping selfies in front of the tv . iranian foreign minister javad zarif — who led the iranian negotiation team — received a hero 's welcome as he arrived in iran on a sunny friday morning . `` long live zarif , '' crowds chanted as the vehicle rolled slowly down the packed street , carrying the man who struck the historic deal . other videos posted to social media showed zarif mobbed by fans in switzerland , who yelled `` we love you , zarif ! '' lausanne : zarif joins iranian students cheer `` zarif we love you '' outside press conference at # irantalks . pic.twitter.com/s2dvzeaszl . negar mortazavi , an iranian-american independent journalist , celebrated with her friends in the united states by singing `` bayram mubarak , '' a new year song . happy new day , new year , new era . # irantalks pic.twitter.com/ouge3pu8z1 . she closely followed the reaction from iranians around the world and told cnn she saw an `` explosion '' of joy when the deal was finally struck . `` i did n't expect so many people to follow it so closely , but from the result , i can tell everyone was following . '' `` after 35 years of animosity , u.s. and iran diplomats shook hands and stood by each other in public ... everything is just pushing this forward . ''