new delhi , india ( cnn ) as the earth shook in nepal , tremors were felt over the border in india as well . it was a call to action : within hours of the first 7.8 magnitude quake , india began planning a massive cross-border aid mission . with each hour , the scale of the devastation in nepal became clearer -- some 3,862 people are known to have died so far -- and plans in india , where 72 people were also killed , got bigger . on sunday alone , india delivered 187 tons of supplies , including 50 tons of water , 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine . and there will be more to come . hundreds of trained disaster relief troops landed in kathmandu and quickly got to work . with each flight in , there was a flight back out , packed with indians and other nationals escaping to safety : 2,000 and counting have fled so far . by monday , india was in full-scale crisis mode : from airports across india , planes flew in loaded with aid , and trucks made the trip by land from india 's east , aiming for more remote areas . on the ground : devastation in nepal . india 's prime minister narendra modi has made a special effort over nepal . he has visited the country twice in his first year in office . and on sunday , in his national radio address to the nation , he said indians needed to `` wipe the tears of every nepali , hold their hands , and stand with them . '' it all highlights the more proactive role taken by india in recent months . just weeks ago , india flexed its military muscle to rescue indians and other nationals from conflict-torn yemen . now , it is taking the lead in nepal . some might say india 's friendship is a signal for the other big country that shares a border with nepal : china . a display of hard power , perhaps to achieve enduring soft power in the region . but in times like this , help is always welcome . first there 's the immediate search and rescue operation , and then the long process of rebuilding work . nepal will need india 's friendship -- as well as china 's -- for many long months ahead .