garissa , kenya ( cnn ) the sign painted onto the school entrance wall reads : `` youth is a mistake , adulthood is a struggle , old age is a regret . '' the black humor of the message provides some light relief for a school that lives in constant fear of a terrorist attack because of what is taught inside its walls . the students ( aged 8 to 14 ) at the ibnu-siina school in northern kenya are getting a so-called `` western '' education , taking lessons in subjects like mathematics , science and english . but it 's an education that al-shabaab -- the somali-based terror group -- is trying to prevent the children from obtaining , according to the head of the school . `` these men , al-shabaab , want to make sure everything goes negative , '' headmaster james ndonye told cnn . `` they want to make sure they terrify the teachers so they go to their homes -- so the kids in this area do n't get what they deserve . '' al-shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years in the region mostly targeting christians . many of the math and science teachers in this area are christian . in early april , al-shabaab brutally massacred 147 people at garissa university in northern kenya . it was the group 's deadliest attack to date . the gunmen would have driven down the road past the ibnu-siina school -- and its single unarmed guard -- to get to the university , only a few hundred meters away . kenyan teachers and students alike are terrified . `` the university college of garissa was the only and first university college in northern kenya . we were happy when we got it a few years ago , '' explained garissa regional governor nadif jama . `` today it has been closed . that is al-shabaab 's mission , '' jama said . `` that is what they want . and that is nothing but destroying the fabric of our being a civilized society . '' and it 's not just in kenya . terrorist groups across the sahel region are waging war on schools , teachers and students . in northeast nigeria , the islamist militant group boko haram has been waging war against the government -- and the civilian population -- for several years . most notoriously , perhaps , was boko haram 's kidnapping of around 270 girls from a boarding school in chibok , borno state , last april . but the group has also carried out numerous other attacks on schools , slaughtering young boys and girls as they sleep in their dormitories . last year in garissa , james ndonye lost five of his 11 teachers amid rising fears of an al-shabaab attack on the school . he replaced them , but it was n't easy . yet despite the ever-present threat of terror , ndonye has stayed to help the children . `` i risk my life because -- for this class , there 's a target we have for last year ... and i love that class very much , '' ndonye said . exclusive : tracking the killer behind garissa massacre .