( cnn ) jackson gordon is no ordinary 21-year-old . by day he is an industrial design student at philadelphia university , but gordon has another side to him -- a side altogether darker , tougher and more enigmatic . hanging in his workshop gordon has a full suit of armor plating , cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife . gordon has an alter ego : the dark knight himself , batman . you might expect his origin story to be cloaked in mystery , but speaking to cnn gordon is quick to explain how the transformation took place . gordon says his calling came five years ago when he began experimenting with cosplay . `` previously i 'd been involved with costume making ... i 'd made a version of the batsuit from christopher nolan 's ' dark knight trilogy ' and i really liked that suit , '' gordon says . but , as elaborate as his design was , it lacked the functionality or the authenticity of the genuine article . `` i was frustrated every time i wore it , '' gordon explains . `` it really limited my mobility and i did n't like that -- it did n't go with the character . '' in september 2014 he bit the bullet , deciding `` to do another one that would n't inhibit my mobility and would actually provide protection and function more like batman 's actual suit . '' the batsuit had to be strong -- tough enough to withstand the stab or slash of a knife , the impact of a punch or a baseball bat , but light and articulate enough to make it practical . striking such a balance required expensive materials , and they did n't come cheap . gordon therefore fired up a kickstarter campaign . he `` did n't really think anyone would fund it or even be interested in it '' -- he raised $ 1,255 in 6 days . `` it was a little surprising , '' gordon demurs . writing out his shopping list , it was important that `` everywhere , even places without armor plating , had some sort of protection . '' kevlar was sourced as the base fabric , making it `` cut and slash resistant to bladed weapons , but breathable and wearable all day . '' eschewing conventional materials , gordon opted for a form of memory foam , built around key areas to `` squish and compress , '' dissipating the impact of blows . after much experimenting with `` polycarbonates and extruded pvc materials , '' ¼ '' kydex ( or abs ) plastic formed the tough armor plates , located on the torso , forearms and shins . stab resistant , gordon says `` it can take anything but a gunshot . '' the cowl was more problematic , being `` nearly impossible '' to craft out of the same materials within the limits of his workshop . gordon therefore took a mold of his head using sintra plastic , `` working on top of that with different sculpting clays and soft plastics to get it into a recognizable batman shape . '' using a two part box mold gordon was able to create a `` silicone jacket '' of this , into which liquid polyurethane was poured , forming the final , `` durable and functional '' cowl . gordon ( who does n't appear to be related to gotham city 's police commissioner , james gordon ) is also an expert in shaolin kung fu : he is both brains and brawn , a cross between bruce wayne and batsuit designer lucius fox from nolan 's batman trilogy . legendary , the production company behind the films , has taken note of his design and given it their seal of approval . the batsuit has made appearances at conventions and proved a showstopper among his fellow students and the faculty . `` people love the theatricality of it , '' its designer says . that the product so closely mimics dc 's fantastical comic book creation has had resonance . he has already begun manufacturing the cowls for the public , with `` fully adjustable '' jackets going up for sale on his site armatus design `` in the next couple of weeks . '' the jackets have received particular attention . gordon has received `` easily over 50 requests from people , '' and not just from the cosplay community . `` they range from recreational use to martial artists ... but also motorcycle and all terrain vehicle riders who want protective gear and prefer the look and functionality of [ gordon 's ] suit . '' perhaps because of their versatility and the small matter of copyright issues , those that go on sale will not feature the iconic bat symbol . gordon says his fledgling business will remain small whilst he 's at university -- he has to finish he studies after all , and wo n't be using the project towards his degree credits . for now the batsuit and armatus design will remain a one man operation : such is the life of a superhero .