( cnn ) their eyes reflect childhoods marked by tragedy . their faces show wrinkles made deeper by pain and the passage of time . tomasz lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s and forced to live thousands of miles away in siberia . `` for me those faces are like maps , '' lazar said . `` the more you look at them , the more you are discovering . '' soviet authorities invaded poland during world war ii and deported hundreds of thousands of poles . some were sent to prison camps in the frozen wilderness of central russia . many were children . in effect , moscow stole much of an entire generation of young poles , a handful of whom lazar has located seven decades later . during lazar 's interviews , many of the survivors broke down in tears . `` it was very traumatic for them , '' he said . `` some lost mothers , fathers , brothers , sisters -- killed by the soviets . '' lazar remembers hearing 84-year-old boguslaw dokurno recall his grandfather 's dying wish . dokurno 's grandfather asked his grandson to return home to poland after his death to retrieve polish soil and bring it back to his siberian gravesite . another exile , sofia bocian , told lazar how her brother escaped their prison camp , leaving her with the horrifying experience of being interrogated by soviet secret police . lazar began his professional photography career in 2006 after fully realizing the medium 's storytelling power . `` for me when you 're doing photography -- whether it 's conventional journalism or other types -- you want to share something with people , '' he said . social media . follow @ cnnphotos on twitter to join the conversation about photography . lazar said the interviews surprised him . despite his subjects ' traumatic experiences , `` they welcomed me with open arms , '' he recalled . `` they really wanted to share their stories . '' fearing for their safety , they could n't tell their stories publicly until the fall of the soviet union . now that they 're in their 80s , time is running out for them to document their struggles . look at lazar 's images . the faces fill each frame . each portrait is unique . before taking each photo , he waited `` for the moment when they really started going inside themselves , '' he said . `` those people are really strong in their souls . '' their stories should be documented for history , he said , to remind future generations `` not to make the same mistakes . '' tomasz lazar is a polish photographer . you can follow him on facebook , twitter and instagram .