( cnn ) the american pharmacists association is discouraging its members from participating in executions . on monday , the group voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy , stating that `` such activities are fundamentally contrary to the role of pharmacists as healthcare providers . '' this bolsters the association 's previous positions to oppose the use of the term `` drug '' for chemicals used in lethal injection and to oppose laws that require or prohibit pharmacists from participation in lethal injection cases . the group acted this week because of increased public attention on lethal injection , said michelle spinnler , spokeswoman for the american pharmacists association . that spotlight includes a january supreme court decision to stay the execution for three death row inmates in oklahoma . this was prompted by clayton lockett 's execution by lethal injection nearly one year ago in which he writhed on a gurney for 43 minutes before he died from a heart attack . in georgia last month , the execution of female death row inmate kelly renee gissendaner was postponed as a precaution when the execution team checked the medications and discovered they looked cloudy . thirty-two sates allow capital punishment , and lethal injection is still the most common method . last month , utah gov . gary r. herbert signed a law reinstating firing squads as a method of execution in cases in which lethal injection medications are not available . of the eight inmates currently on death row in utah , three opted for the new choice of death by firing squad . pentobarbital is the preferred drug used for lethal injection . in texas , the department of criminal justice told cnn in march they are running out of their supply . in july 2011 , lundbeck inc. , the manufacturer of pentobarbital , decided to no longer provide the drug to prisons for use in capital punishment . the companies that manufacture the products traditionally used in executions almost unilaterally decided to stop selling to institutions that used the products for that purpose , so states then turned to compounded preparations , spinnler said . `` pharmacists should not be involved in preparation of these products or involved in executions in any other way . '' she says . the new declaration by the american pharmacists association aligns with positions held by other professional medical organizations such as the american medical association , the american nurses association and the american board of anesthesiology .