( cnn ) a sweat-smothered man in a wide-brimmed hat , knee-high leather boots and a khaki uniform machetes his way through lush jungle foliage . as thick tangles of vine fall beneath his blade , he pushes into a clearing , then suddenly staggers back . the fanged mouth of a primordial stone beast gapes toward him . before him rise the crumbled ruins of an enormous portal of rock , black with age but with a colossal grandeur not yet lost -- a fine example of what archaeologists call a `` zoomorphic portal '' or , more popularly , a `` monster mouth gate . '' what was once the gateway to an ancient mayan city , built circa 700 ad and mysteriously abandoned four centuries later , stands before him . he has found the lost city of lagunita . now that the planet has been mapped , circumnavigated , measured and tagged in every way imaginable , the age of explorers discovering new worlds seems a quaint memory . but there are still adventurers exploring forgotten corners of the globe , and some find astonishing things . one such explorer , part indiana jones , part magellan , is slovenian archaeologist ivan šprajc . the sprightly šprajc wears the weathered face of a man who has spent much of his 60 years beneath a hot sun at excavations , or hacking his way through dense jungle . he has been the first to see ancient pyramids , 30 meters high , that he spotted in aerial photographs from his office among the baroque mitteleuropean cobbled streets of ljubljana , slovenia , some 10,000 kilometers away . but in terms of the thrill of discovery , it does n't get any better than his encounter with lagunita 's monster portal . what does it feel like to find a lost city ? `` it 's a victory , '' says šprajc , `` especially when the efforts are long . on several occasions we 've had two , three weeks of just cutting through the bush to get to some location , without knowing what we would find . when we get to the site it feels like a big victory , like we 've done it . if it had been easy , then other people would have done it already . '' since 1996 , he and his team have discovered more than 80 ancient mayan cities in the jungles of mexico , few of which the modern world had known before . but how can an entire city , which once may have been home to tens of thousands , simply vanish ? šprajc explains that the region in which he has found such riches had gone unexplored because it 's so inaccessible : `` it 's so hard to get there . it 's a biosphere , a protected natural area that has never been densely populated since the collapse of the classical mayans , for the past thousand years or so . '' when a primal jungle is allowed to grow rampant for centuries , it can indeed swallow entire cities . but just why so many settlements were simply abandoned , long before the arrival of the spanish conquistadors , remains a mystery to which these long lost sites may provide an answer . `` ninety-nine percent of settlements in the central and southern lowlands of the yucatan peninsula were abandoned in a matter of 200 years . by 1000 ad , practically everything was abandoned . that was the situation when the spaniards came . but not so in the northern section of the peninsula and the guatemala highlands , where there was no rupture until the arrival of the spaniards . '' so what happened in that enormous area that led to this mass evacuation ? `` nobody knows the exact sequence of events , but it was definitely a combination of droughts , climate change , ( and ) overpopulation , but other things must have come as consequences : devastating raids and wars among the mayan states , which resembled the constantly battling ancient greek city-states . `` in this late classical period , wars intensified with devastating consequences , for if one city-state was destroyed or overcome , it had a ripple effect on trade networks . it was a sort of globalized mayan world . '' to learn more would require extensive , time-consuming surveys of each site , which is a different sort of fieldwork than šprajc likes to practice . his team will map what appears to be the core of a settlement , but there simply is n't time or manpower to map it all , so hundreds of structures are left for others to survey and excavate . the adrenaline of the treasure hunt is what drives šprajc , the `` eureka '' moment when he finds the buried treasure . he is not in the least proprietary about what he discovers , preferring to let other research teams dive in to the sites he has found to slowly excavate , catalogue and analyze what he finds . `` [ this extensive mapping ] is not our job . we are taking the first step into an unknown area . '' šprajc is a throwback to the great 19th century explorers -- a dying breed as the world becomes smaller and science bleaches out its mysteries . but in the heat of the jungle , science can only get you so far . intrepid spirit , calloused palms , sweat , blood and patience are more important than gadgetry . as šprajc likes to say , `` we can survive without computers , but not without machetes . '' noah charney is a professor of art history and best-selling author . he teaches a guardian masterclass called `` how to write about art . ''