vidarbha , india ( cnn ) yogita kanhaiya is expecting a baby soon . she already has a two-year-old son . her husband , moreshwor , a cotton farmer , wo n't be around to see his children grown up . he committed suicide early in the pregnancy . eight years back , yogita 's father-in-law , also a cotton farmer , took his own life . `` he was in so much debt , '' 25-year-old yogita said of her late husband . `` he was n't getting any money from cotton . he chose death over distress . '' it 's a familiar story in families across western india 's cotton production belt , where , a cotton lobbyist group claims , one cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours . `` we get reports of two to three farmer suicides every day , '' said kishor tiwari , leader of the farmers advocacy group , vidarbha jan andolan samiti ( vjas ) . vidarbha , in the eastern region of the state of maharashtra , is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis . according to vjas data , some 2,900 farmers from the area have taken their lives since 2013 ; more than 500 have died since the start of this year . there are a number of reasons for the hopelessness among vidarbha farmers . unseasonal rain and hail destroyed many crops earlier this year . but they 've also had to contend with the flipside : a plentiful harvest in 2014 drove prices down while production costs rose , leaving many farmers either lacking income or burdened with debt from loans taken out to help keep them afloat . last year was a record year for cotton production , resulting in a glut of cotton on the world market . india produced 40 million bales of the fiber in 2013/14 crop year , and is the second largest global cotton grower , after china . the record surplus of cotton in the global market pushed down prices hurting farmers , particularly in vidarbha , which is becoming increasingly reliant on cotton . `` our land mostly supports only two crops : cotton and soybean . but for the past few years , soybean yield has consistently been decreasing . so we mostly depend on cotton , '' said murali dhidkar , a local cotton farmer . he said in the past year , cotton prices had halved . `` i 'm getting around 50 dollars per quintal . just a year ago it was 100 dollars . i 've never seen such a low price . the costs of pesticides , fertilizers and seeds are increasing but the cotton price is falling down . '' he points out the dismal condition of debt-ridden farmers like himself in vidarbha , many of whom are forced to take out loans or give up farming . `` government officials do not come to the village and listen to our plight . just a few days ago , my neighbor burnt himself alive , '' dhidkar said . tiwari , from the farmers advocacy group , said many farmers in vidarbha had lost hope that the situation would improve . `` it is an epidemic . how many more farmers need to commit suicide before the government steps in to find a solution to this problem ? '' more than 50 % of india 's population is involved in the agricultural and allied sector , which contributes 18 % of the country 's gdp . government data shows 11,772 farmers committed suicide in 2013 across india . that is 44 deaths every day . earlier this month , prime minister narendra modi raised the amount of compensation paid for damaged crops , and lowered the threshold for farmers to claim payouts . however , that failed to appease farmers who are angry about the government 's land acquisition bill , which critics say makes it easier for the government to seize farmers ' land . modi 's ruling bjp party said the old rules were unnecessarily restrictive and the new bill is needed to spur investment and smooth the way for growth . the government is expected to reintroduce the new land bill when parliament reopens this week . on sunday , thousands of farmers gathered in delhi at a rally led by opposition congress party to protest against the bill . waving flags , they blasted modi government 's policies as `` pro-industrialist and anti-farmer . '' tiwari , of the farmer 's advocacy group , said the government needs to do more to stop the wave of suicides across the country . he said modi 's push to open bank accounts for every indian household , neglected to address the major concern in farming households of falling incomes . `` prime minister modi boasts about india rising , but he is not willing to talk about india dying , '' tiwari said . he says , for a start , the government should guarantee a better market price for cotton and waive farmers ' overdue debt . divisional commissioner of the vidarbha region , dnyaneshwar rajurkar said the state government is aware of the situation and is planning to roll out relief programs to help local cotton farmers . the plans include halving bank loan interest rates and waiving loans from private money lenders . rajurkar said the government is also planning to deploy doctors to counsel farmers in distress . just days away from her baby 's birth , kanhaiya said she worries about how she 's going to feed her family . `` i have to pay the loan back both to bank and private money lenders . i have no clue how i will pay the debt . once the baby is born , i will look for work . i will have to do labor jobs all my life to pay the loan , '' she said , despair in her voice . `` i did receive compensation from the local state government after my husband 's death . but it is very minimal . that does nothing to solve the grave problem i am in . ''