( cnn ) it all started by looking up . during an expedition through the brittany region on the west coast of france , photographer fabien le coq noticed an unusual tree . he positioned himself at the base of the tree and turned his camera upward , filling the frame with the trunk and its spindly branches . `` i 'm kind of a walking photographer , '' le coq said . `` i love exploring new places . one day i was taking a break during an excursion in the broceliande forest , looking for the best place to settle , when i discovered a small clearing with a tree without leaves . i stayed for hours looking around , taking some pictures and i found myself lying down under the tree . the tree 's branches were rising as if to touch the sky . '' this was the start of the photo series `` treesome , '' an embodiment of le coq 's unique way of interacting with the world around him . `` by walking a long time in an environment , landscapes begin to influence on your mood , '' he said . `` as ( landscapes ) change , your feelings do . '' the series , shot between 2012 and 2014 , reflects le coq 's travels through his native france and countries in central america and asia . the images are soothing and repetitive ; each tree is photographed from the bottom looking up . but it is from this vantage point that the differences become apparent . branches take on their own patterns in the sky , creating a symmetry that is both interesting and comforting . a row of trees shot in paris speaks to the geometry of a modern city . cactus branches look like spears piercing the sky . appearance is not the only factor that sets the trees apart . for le coq , each image is special because it represents different feelings at different points in time . social media . follow @ cnnphotos on twitter to join the conversation about photography . `` each tree has its own personality , '' he said . `` i chose them by the way i felt at the moment . sometimes they even change my sentiments . it 's kind of a spiritual experience . '' le coq says his photographs are meant to bring about pause and reflection . the viewer should `` become a third actor in a scene with trees and skies . '' it is an opportunity to take a break and focus on our own individual journeys . `` treesome '' is shot in black and white , an aesthetic le coq says lends tension `` recalling the gulf on one side and the celestial heights on the other . `` the branches are the mirror of the roots . '' as a freelance graphic designer , le coq can work wherever there is an internet connection . he uses this freedom to travel , discover new places and grow as a photographer . photography has also allowed le coq to explore his home country . `` sometimes home is full of new possibilities , '' he said . `` you just have to look or change how you look . '' fabien le coq is a photographer based in france . you can follow him on facebook .