( cnn ) doing weird stuff to your body in the name of beauty is n't anything new . humans have been changing the shape of our skulls , inking ourselves up and sticking things through various protuberances since before we figured out how to write . but now we have twitter and facebook and hashtags , so these things seem to sweep around the world faster than a quick trip to the piercing joint . and somehow , many trends these days seem to somehow involve a member of the kardashian clan . the latest : lip plumping . by sucking on a jar . to look like kylie jenner . seriously . it even has a hashtag : # kyliejennerchallenge . do n't worry , we said , `` what the ... ? '' too . but , we are , after all , in the business of providing you , dear reader , with information about the news , events and trends that surround you . so please read on to learn more about this and other `` beauty '' trends inspired by the kardashians : used to be , youtube would teach the kiddos how to put on eyeliner or style their hair like a favorite star . that 's so old-school . now , the nets say you should stick your lips in a shot glass , suck all the air out and then pull it off to reveal your all-new plump kisser , just like kylie jenner . except , well , see for yourself . the hashtag # kyliejennerchallenge has been trending on twitter in recent days , with posters showing off the often disturbing results of their efforts . `` made my chin look like a hickey a week ago and i 'll say iv never felt so dumb , '' twitter user emmaburkie posted monday . plenty of folks shared the sentiment . many were people who 'd tried it . others were just shaking their heads . surgeon dr. dendy engelman told seventeen that the trend is dangerous . `` not only can significant pain , swelling , and bruising result from these suction techniques , but there is potential risk for scarring and permanent disfigurement with repeated attempts , '' engelman said . jenner has tweeted her disapproval of the lip-plumping trend she inspired . it 's a trend that predates the kardashians , but they certainly gave us a lot of it : the sideboob , the flash of breast from the side of a dress , shirt or just about anything else that can be draped on a woman 's body . according to google , the arbiter of all things , search interest in sideboob has fallen off since its 2012 peak , when huffington post dutifully reported `` another day , another sideboob '' shot from kim kardashian . how about something newer ? surely you 've heard of the `` belfie '' ? a term reportedly coined by kim kardashian herself , this charming practice -- a butt selfie -- involves posting self-photography of one 's posterior , thusly : the trend took off last year , with a deluge of broadcast butts and not a little derision , but may have reached its peak with the apparently real belfie stick -- a device for taking `` perfect belfies simply and quickly . '' butt never fear , kylie jenner is here to keep the trend going , with a belfie taken just this month liked by 1.4 million people : here 's a fact for you : in 2014 , the number of women undergoing `` buttock augmentation '' rose by a mountainous 86 % , according to the american society for aesthetic plastic surgery reports . why ? kim kardashian , of course , say the doctors . `` while a rounder , more curvaceous derriere has been in vogue for a number of years , celebrities like ( nicki ) minaj and kim kardashian have brought the attention to the rear to an all-time high influencing more women to undergo buttock augmentation to achieve the hourglass look , '' dr. constantino mendieta said in an asaps statement . and he should know . he bills himself a `` butt augmentation specialist . '' back in the day , folks who wanted to look like rachel from `` friends '' got her haircut . now , they get surgery . well , some of them . meet jordan james parke , who made news this year with an interview with britain 's the sun newspaper in which he reportedly said he spent $ 150,000 to look like , you guessed it , kim kardashian . he later told us magazine he does n't want to look exactly like kim . but he 'd die for her butt . `` i 'd like to get a bum as big as hers , but i wo n't get implants , '' the magazine quoted him as saying . `` i 've been looking at body contour -- i want to get lipo on my stomach and back and then they put the fat back into your bum . ''