( cnn ) it did n't seem like a fair fight . on one side were hulking football players and pro wrestlers , competing as teams of two to eat as many pounds of steak as they could , combined , in one hour . on another was a lone 124-pound mother of four . and sure enough , in the end , sunday 's contest at big texan steak ranch in amarillo , texas , was n't even close . molly schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks , three baked potatoes , three side salads , three rolls and three shrimp cocktails -- far outpacing her heftier rivals . that 's more than 13 pounds of steak , not counting the sides . and she did it all in 20 minutes , setting a record in the process . `` we 've been doing this contest since 1960 , and in all that time we 've never had anybody come in to actually eat that many steaks at one time , '' bobby lee , who co-owns the big texan , told cnn affiliate kvii . `` so this is a first for us , and after 55 years of it , it 's a big deal . '' in fairness , schuyler is n't your typical 124-pound person . the nebraska native , 35 , is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit and once gobbled 363 chicken wings in 30 minutes . wearing shades and a black hoodie , schuyler beat four other teams on sunday , including pairs of football players and pro wrestlers and two married competitive eaters . she also broke her own big texan record of two 72-ounce steaks and sides , set last year , when she bested previous record-holder joey `` jaws '' chestnut . the landmark big texan restaurant offers its `` 72-ounce challenge '' daily to anyone who can eat the massive steak , plus fixings , in under an hour . those who ca n't do so must pay $ 72 for the meal . schuyler , who now lives in sacramento , california , won $ 5,000 for her efforts . her feat will be submitted to guinness world records . but mostly , she just seemed pleased to enjoy a hearty meal on the house . `` it 's free , so i 'm pretty happy about that , '' she told kvii . `` otherwise it would have cost me about 300 bucks . ''