( cnn ) as a boat packed with hundreds of migrants capsized in mediterranean waters , many were trapped inside behind locked doors . that 's the account one survivor of the deadly shipwreck gave to investigators , according to a statement released sunday by prosecutors in catania , italy . the bangladeshi migrant 's description provides new details about what may have happened aboard the ship , which sent out a distress call in the dark of night saturday after a couple of days at sea . as rescuers approached , authorities say migrants on the boat moved to one side , hoping to be saved . their movement caused the large , multilevel boat to capsize about 110 kilometers ( almost 70 miles ) north of libya , sending the desperate crowd plunging into the sea , their chance of survival slim . the migrant , who spoke to investigators after being airlifted to a hospital in catania , is among dozens who authorities say were saved from the sinking vessel . he told investigators there were 950 people on board -- a number prosecutors have n't verified . maltese authorities , who are working with italian rescuers , earlier said around 50 of 700 people on the boat had been saved . many on lower levels of the boat were trapped inside because smugglers had locked the doors , the migrant said , according to prosecutors . the italian coast guard is collecting statements from other survivors , prosecutors said . it was the latest in a series of dangerous voyages for hundreds of men , women and children who boarded the boat in libya , hoping to make it safely to europe . passengers on the boat were from a number of nations , including algeria , egypt , somalia , niger , senegal , mali , zambia , bangladesh and ghana , prosecutors said . while the shipwreck was an accident , malta 's prime minister slammed the human traffickers who he accused of risking people 's lives by putting them on rickety ships in unpredictable waters . `` gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat , sometimes even at gunpoint , '' prime minister joseph muscat said . `` they 're putting them on the road to death , really , and nothing else . '' it 's `` genocide -- nothing less than genocide , really , '' muscat told cnn . united nations high commissioner for refugees antonio guterres said that the incident could be worse than an incident last week in which 400 refugees and migrants died in the mediterranean . `` our troops , together with the italian navy , are literally looking through the bodies to try to find someone who 's still alive , '' muscat said of the latest incident at sea . flavio di giacomo , spokesman for the international organization for migration , told cnn that survivors were taken to sicily . the italian coast guard , which is leading the rescue operation , reported that at least 24 bodies had been recovered so far at the shipwreck site . security for libya 's borders is essential to `` take out these criminal gangs -- these terrorists , '' muscat said . the international community `` can not continue to turn a blind eye , '' he added . the leader of the international nonpartisan medical organization doctors without borders had strong words sunday for the tragedy . `` a mass grave is being created in the mediterranean sea and european policies are responsible , '' said the group 's president , loris de filippi . he compared the high number of deaths to `` figures from a war zone . '' de filippi called on european states to immediately launch large-scale search-and-rescue operations with proactive patrolling as close as possible to libyan shores . `` faced with thousands of desperate people fleeing wars and crises , europe has closed borders , forcing people in search of protection to risk their lives and die at sea , '' he said . `` this tragedy is only just beginning , but it can and should be stopped . '' doctors without borders will begin its own rescue effort , he added , because `` as a medical , humanitarian organization , we simply can not wait any longer . '' french president francois hollande called for the european union to help more in the rescue . if the deaths are in the hundreds , he said , the accident could be `` the worst disaster in recent years in the mediterranean . '' italian prime minister matteo renzi called an emergency cabinet meeting in rome . speaking to journalists later , he defended italy 's response . `` adding 10 more vessels '' to patrol the mediterranean , renzi said , would n't solve the root of why the tragedy occurred . `` this has to be clear : there was not an absence ( of rescue vessels ) which led to the disaster . and this is the proof that if you want to eradicate the problem from the root , you have to respond in a different way . and what we 're doing in the next few hours will show this . '' renzi said the focus needs to be on eradicating human trafficking and that the responsibility lies with the whole world , `` not just italy and malta . '' human rights watch urged the eu to act quickly . `` the eu is standing by with arms crossed while hundreds die off its shores , '' said judith sunderland , deputy europe and central asia director at human rights watch . `` these deaths might well have been prevented if the eu had launched a genuine search-and-rescue effort . '' the eu released a statement sunday saying that it planned action down the road but did n't detail any immediate plans to help with the search for the victims of this accident . `` the european commission is deeply chagrined by the tragic developments in the mediterranean today , but also over the past days and weeks . the reality is stark and our actions must therefore be bold . these are human lives at stake , and the european union as a whole has a moral and humanitarian obligation to act , '' it said . the eu is consulting member states , european agencies and international organizations to prepare what it called a european migration strategy , which would be adopted in middle may . it stressed the need to `` address the situation at its roots . '' `` and as long as countries of origin and transit do not take action to prevent these desperate trips , people will continue to put their lives at risk , '' the statement read . many of the migrants who board ships to cross the mediterranean are from sub-saharan africa , and travel for weeks just to get to the ships . they 're seeking a better life , but many are exploited by the traffickers who organize the voyages . already this year , more than 900 migrants are believed to have died while crossing the mediterranean -- far more than during the same period in 2014 , the international organization for migration said friday . in one four-day period alone , more than 8,000 migrants were rescued , according to the italian coast guard . on one day alone , sos calls came in from 20 boats in distress . roberta metsola , a maltese member of the european parliament , told cnn on sunday that countries from northern europe need to share the responsibility with their southern neighbors . `` the people are going to continue to arrive , '' she said . `` the desperation subsists -- there are almost a million people waiting to board boats and come to europe to seek a better life . and that fact has to be recognized . '' journalist barbie nadeau and cnn 's hada messia reported from rome ; cnn 's jethro mullen reported hong kong , and cnn 's ashley fantz , josh levs , catherine e. shoichet , jessica king and christine theodorou reported from atlanta . cnn 's tina burnside and susanna capelouto contributed to this report .