( cnn ) a second individual has been charged with attempting to carry out an `` isis-inspired '' terror plot , australian police say . five young men were arrested saturday in melbourne , australia , in what police called a major counterterrorism operation . two of the teens , 18 and 19 , have been released `` pending further inquiries , '' australia 's federal police said . sevdet besim , 18 , was charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act , and was denied bail saturday . the person charged monday is accused of conspiring to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts . the suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week , prime minister tony abbott said saturday . `` the act that we believe was in preparation involved attacks against police officers , '' he said . there was also a risk to the public , police said . police said the suspects were targeting a ceremony on anzac day ( australia and new zealand army corps day ) , which is april 25 and this year is the centennial of the gallipoli campaign in world war i . abbott avoided the term isis -- or islamic state -- to call out those who authorities believed influenced the suspects . he instead referred to the group as the `` daesh death cult , '' employing the acronym that is transliterated from the group 's name in arabic . it 's a handle isis is known to loathe . police also distanced the suspects from any ethnic connection . the men `` are individuals acting by themselves . they are not representatives of any religious , cultural or national group , '' victoria police acting deputy commissioner shane patton said . `` i think the entire australian community should be concerned about the young age of those particular men , '' neil gaughan , acting deputy commissioner of the australian federal police , said . `` and this is an issue not just with law enforcement , but for the broader community . ... we need to get better in relation to identifying young men and woman involved in this type of behavior , at the very early stage . '' cnn 's ralph ellis and ben brumfield contributed to this report .