( cnn ) on the surface , the mix-up seems incomprehensible : how can a volunteer sheriff 's deputy accidentally fire a handgun instead of a taser , killing a man ? that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris . bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead . `` oh ! i shot him . i 'm sorry , '' bates said in a video of the shooting . but it 's happened before . in a well-publicized 2009 case , a bay area rapid transit police officer fired his gun instead of his taser , killing 22-year-old oscar grant in oakland , california . the former officer , johannes mehserle , testified that he had meant to use his taser but drew his gun instead . mehserle was sentenced to two years in prison for involuntary manslaughter but was released early due to good conduct . so how easy -- or hard -- is it to draw and fire a handgun mistakenly instead of a taser ? here are some factors to consider : law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body , and the taser should be placed on the nondominant side . so if an officer is left-handed , the gun should be on the left side . bates ' attorney said his client is left-handed . but the reserve deputy said his gun was holstered on his right side -- his nondominanant side . `` i shoot long guns left handed and handguns right handed , '' bates said in a written statement to investigators . after bates announced at the scene he was going to use his taser , he `` used his nondominant hand , and it was the gun , '' said clark brewster , bates ' attorney . `` he said that he saw the laser sight on the shoulder , assumed it was the taser , '' brewster said . `` both the gun and the taser have a laser sight , and he just made a mistake . '' brewster also said his client 's left hand was holding a pepper gun . in his statement to investigators , bates said he had grabbed a `` pepper ball launcher '' to try to slow or stop harris , who was running away . bates did not say explicitly where the taser was on his body . but he admitted to grabbing the wrong device and said he was `` startled '' by the recoil of the gun . `` after realizing what had happened i was in a state of shock and disbelief , '' he told investigators . bates is now charged with second-degree manslaughter . if convicted , he faces up to four years in prison . deputy who shot eric harris turns himself in . bates was carrying his personal gun , a smith & wesson .357 five-shot revolver , and a model x26 taser , he said in his statement to investigators . attorneys representing the harris family said there are stark differences between the two devices . one held up a small black .357 revolver , followed by a mostly bright yellow taser that was noticeably larger than the gun . `` there 's no way an officer can get this confused with this , '' said one of the attorneys from the law firm of smolen , smolen & roytman . taser 's x26 model comes in different designs . some are mostly yellow , while others are mostly black with a yellow panel in the middle . but all appear to be larger than smith & wesson .357 five-shot revolvers . sgt . jim clark of the tulsa police department -- which is separate from the county sheriff 's office for which bates volunteered -- said bates was the `` victim '' of something called `` slip and capture . '' that 's when a person intends to do one thing but instead does another in a high-stress situation . but a criminal justice expert told cnn the claim amounts to `` junk science . '' `` there 's no peer-reviewed articles that would support this . ... it 's not generally accepted by the scientific community , '' said phil stinson , an assistant professor of criminal justice at bowling green state university . `` so it 's something that in most courts would not be admissible as evidence . '' an attorney for the harris family said the `` slip and capture '' theory has n't held up in court . `` the only time slip and capture has ever been used as a defense was in the shooting in oakland ( of oscar grant ) , '' the attorney said . and that defense failed . tasers are built to feel and look different than guns , according to taser international . steve tuttle , vice president for strategic communications at taser , noted some of those differences to cnn : a gun is heavier . a taser has a different grip and feel . when you take the safety off on a taser , an led control panel lights up . there 's more : tasers can be different colors ( yellow or black ) , and the holster is different from a gun 's . but in the field , where an officer reacts on instinct , there are other distinctions outside of the product itself that are important , tuttle said . taser 's training calls for the stun gun to be placed on an officer 's nondominant side , as law enforcement experts say . and its training suggests that officers shout aloud , `` taser ! taser ! taser ! '' as they prepare to deploy it . these guidelines are designed so that in the moment -- when an officer 's muscle memory kicks in -- the body reflexively knows which weapon it is reaching for . it is up to each law enforcement department , however , in how it trains personnel and what regulations it requires as far as placement on the body . the company declined to comment on the tulsa shooting in particular . the stun guns , or conducted electrical weapons , manufactured by taser have been used more than 2.7 million times , tuttle said , and are designed to be used in situations that are not considered life or death . cnn 's catherine e. shoichet , brooke baldwin , ed lavandera and mariano castillo contributed to this report .