( cnn ) emy afalava is a loyal american and decorated veteran . he was born in american samoa , a u.s. territory since 1900 . he has been subject to american law his whole life and thinks he should be a citizen . the constitution would agree . the fourteenth amendment declares that `` all persons born ... in the united states , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the united states . '' yet , afalava has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists that he is no citizen . how can it be , in the 21st century , that americans born on u.s. soil are denied the rights of citizenship ? that injustice clouds the recent celebration of the 115th anniversary of the decision of american samoa to join the united states . it is a wrong that afalava and other american samoans are now seeking to right in a federal lawsuit before the d.c . circuit . a decision could come any day . since the united states was established , it adhered to the rule that those born on u.s. lands were u.s. citizens . the rule is colorblind , yet the only exception that the supreme court has ever declared was not . the infamous dred scott case legitimized slavery as it declared that free african-americans had `` no rights that the white man was bound to respect . '' though they were americans , they were not citizens under the constitution . a civil war later , the 14th amendment reversed the ruling in the dred scott case . today , the dred scott case has come to be regarded as one of the worst decisions in the history of the supreme court . but racial discrimination did n't end there . in 1904 , a puerto rican woman named isabel gonzalez sailed for new york . because puerto rico was u.s. territory , she believed herself to be a u.s. citizen . but officials at ellis island labeled her an undesirable alien and prevented her from entering the mainland . she sued , with some reason to hope for a favorable ruling . yet the supreme court that eventually heard gonzalez 's case was still racist . in preceding years , for example , it had permitted a flat ban on naturalizing anyone of the chinese race . and , in a case addressing the status of recently acquired island territories such as puerto rico , the justices had cited the alleged racial inferiority of tropical peoples as reason to treat these lands as second-class u.s. territories . justice edward douglas white 's opinion stated that u.s. sovereignty extended over them , but that their residents did not hold the same constitutional rights as other americans . he did so , he privately revealed , because `` he was much preoccupied by the danger of racial and social questions . '' in the gonzalez case , the justices agreed unanimously that puerto ricans were not aliens and thus not subject to immigration laws . but they declined to decide whether or not gonzalez was a citizen . though preoccupied by fears that islanders were `` savages '' and racially unfit for citizenship , they were unwilling to violate the constitution . as a result of the court ruling , federal officials were able to deny gonzalez and others the full panoply of rights conferred on citizens for years . as isabel gonzalez 's lawyer told the court , declaring that residents of america 's island territories are not u.s. citizens would mean adding to `` precedents in our history of which we are least proud . '' those precedents , he warned the court , had been `` repudiated by the american people in the civil war , by three amendments to the constitution of the united states , by this court , and by ... advancing civilization . '' surely , 147 years after the dred scott case was overturned , the time has come to put an end to this farce . in the past century , the inhabitants of every other u.s. island territory have become citizens . today , emy afalava and his fellow american samoans are the last americans still waiting to become citizens .