( cnn ) did former new england patriot aaron hernandez kill odin lloyd , a man who was dating the sister of hernandez 's fiancee and might have become his future brother-in-law ? hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges , setting the stage for his trial in fall river , massachusetts , that began in january . he 's accused of orchestrating the shooting death of lloyd . during closing arguments , prosecutor william mccauley called the football player the trigger man . jury deliberations began tuesday . even after closing arguments , the motive is still unclear but not legally required to get a conviction . still , jurors like to know a motive . evidence collected in lloyd 's death led to two more murder charges against hernandez in a separate case in boston . it 's scheduled to begin in may , but officials say it will be pushed back . the trial has involved a complicated cast of characters , including two sisters who played important roles in the lives of hernandez and lloyd . here is a primer : inside the case against aaron hernandez . odin lloyd . odin lloyd was a 27-year-old semi-pro football player for the boston bandits . he was found dead on june 17 , 2013 , less than a mile from hernandez 's home in north attleboro , massachusetts . he had been shot six times . lloyd met hernandez while dating shaneah jenkins , the sister of hernandez 's fiancee , shayanna jenkins . hernandez is charged with orchestrating lloyd 's execution . daniel de abreu and safiro furtado . daniel de abreu and safiro furtado were killed outside a boston nightclub on july 16 , 2012 . earlier that evening , prosecutors say , de abreu accidentally bumped into hernandez , spilling a drink . later that night , hernandez was driving an suv and allegedly pulled up alongside de abreu and furtado 's car near the nightclub and fired a .38-caliber revolver at them , killing them . the trial judge in the lloyd case barred any mention of the boston deaths , ruling it would be prejudicial . alexander bradley . authorities say alexander bradley is hernandez 's former right hand man who was allegedly with hernandez on the night de abreu and furtado were killed . he is not facing any charges in that case , but he is jailed on unrelated charges . he is suing hernandez for allegedly shooting him in the face in february 2013 , four months before lloyd 's death . bradley says hernandez accused him of `` disrespecting him '' over a cell phone left in a miami strip club . bradley testified against hernandez in lloyd 's death , telling jurors he saw hernandez handling what appeared to be a glock semi-automatic pistol during a trip to florida . the trial barred him from saying he accused hernandez of shooting him in the face . carlos ortiz . carlos ortiz , nicknamed charlie boy , is also charged with murder in the death of lloyd and has pleaded not guilty . a law enforcement source says he cooperated with police and described the night of lloyd 's death . ernest wallace . ernest wallace is also charged with murder in the death of lloyd . he has pleaded not guilty and is being tried separately . prosecutors call him the `` muscle man '' for hernandez . they say he was in the car with hernandez , lloyd , and carlos ortiz an hour before the car is seen on video heading to the industrial park where lloyd was killed . shayanna jenkins . shayanna jenkins is hernandez 's fiancee and the mother of their daughter . she is charged with perjury , accused of lying to a grand jury about guns in their home . she has pleaded not guilty . her sister , shaneah , was dating lloyd at the time of his death . shaneah jenkins . shaneah jenkins is the girlfriend of lloyd . her sister is hernandez 's fiancée . in court , the two sisters sit on opposite sides , shayanna with the defense and shaneah with the prosecution . tanya cummings-singleton . tanya cummings-singleton is a cousin of hernandez . in her garage , police found the suv allegedly driven by hernandez and linked to the 2012 boston double homicide . she was twice charged with contempt of court for refusing to testify before two grand juries despite immunity offers . she has pleaded guilty to obstruction in the lloyd case . she is also suffering from cancer . thaddeus singleton . thaddeus singleton , husband of tanya cummings-singleton , was killed in a car accident after lloyd 's slaying . police say his speeding car went airborne and crashed . a source says police planned to interview him about his relationship with hernandez . shaquilla thibou . shaquilla thibou is the sister of lloyd . at trial she testified she saw her brother get into a car with three men who turned out to be hernandez , wallace and ortiz before he was killed . prosecutors say she received a final text from her brother that night minutes before he was shot telling her he was with `` nfl , '' adding , `` just so u know . '' the judge has ruled that text inadmissible at trial , saying there is no proof it meant lloyd feared for his life . terri hernandez . terri hernandez is aaron hernandez 's mother . she is a school secretary . dennis hernandez . dennis hernandez was aaron hernandez 's father . he had a close relationship with his sons and was deeply involved in their sports training . he died unexpectedly after hernia surgery when hernandez was 16 . dj hernandez . dj hernandez is aaron hernandez 's older brother . he was a star high school athlete . he also was a standout athlete at the university of connecticut and is an assistant coach at the university of iowa . the prosecution . district attorney samuel sutter , who had been leading the prosecution against hernandez , is the newly elected mayor of fall river , where the trial is being held . assistant district attorneys william mccauley and patrick bomberg are on the team leading the case against hernandez . `` probably my career ... will be defined more by this case than all of the other things we 've done , '' sutter has said . the defense . attorneys james sultan , michael fee and charles rankin are handling hernandez 's defense . in opening statements , fee said hernandez `` was planning a future , not a murder . '' before trial , rankin said he is confident hernandez will be exonerated .