( cnn ) german police overnight thwarted a terrorist plot by a radicalized couple , a plan they suspect involved bombing a bicycle race near frankfurt , a german terrorism researcher briefed by investigators told cnn on thursday . german prosecutors and police said that a man and a woman had been arrested in the frankfurt-area town of oberursel on suspicion of planning a boston-style attack , but the authorities did not explicitly reveal the target . the suspected target , according to florian flade , the terrorism researcher , was a race planned for friday . the race loops around eshborn and frankfurt on may day each year , attracting large crowds of spectators along the cycle route . prosecutor albrecht schreiber said police recovered a pipe bomb ready to be used , 100 rounds of 9mm ammunition , a gun , the essential parts of a g-3 assault rifle and 3 liters of hydrogen peroxide , which becomes explosive at high concentrations and has been used in multiple terror plots in the west , including the 2005 london bombings . earlier thursday , andreas hemmes , a spokesman for the police of west hesse , told cnn that the house and car of two individuals in oberursel , in the forested hills west of frankfurt , had been searched . as a result of what had been found , police had expanded their search along the l3004 road on the bike race route , hemmes said . `` we suspect that there was a salafist background , '' said peter beuth , the interior minister for hesse , referring to ultra-fundamentalist interpretations of islam . `` police investigations at this stage indicate that we have thwarted an islamist attack . '' flade , a journalist at die welt and terrorism researcher who first broke the story of the police raids , told cnn that a german couple of turkish descent -- halil and senay d. -- were under arrest . he said the couple had ties to radical islamist circles in the frankfurt area . neither is suspected of having direct links to the leadership of a terrorist group . last week german police observed halil d. moving in and out of a small forest near where he was living . they suspect he was looking for a good place to hide a bomb along the bike race route , according to flade . flade said that according to german police documents , german police first became aware of the couple at the end of march when they went to a garden center near frankfurt to purchase hydrogen peroxide . he said the store employee contacted police after becoming suspicious for several reasons . the first was that the woman was covered in a full veil . the second was that the couple claimed they wanted to buy hydrogen peroxide to clean their fish pond in their garden , but the amount they were ordering would have been enough to clean dozens of such ponds . furthermore , after police thwarted a bomb plot by german extremists trained in the tribal areas of pakistan to kill american servicemen in germany in september 2007 with hydrogen peroxide-based bombs -- the so-called `` sauerland '' plot -- german law had required such stores to report to police significant purchases of hydrogen peroxide . according to flade , after the tipoff , german investigators began trying to figure out who the couple were . all they had to go on was the surveillance footage . the woman was fully veiled and her male companion was blurry in the tape , so they did not immediately know who they were . but in early to mid-april they were able to identify them and start surveillance to investigate the couple 's radical ties . according to flade , german police established that the couple had recently traveled to spain , where they met with members of sharia4spain , a radical pro-jihadist group linked to al muhajiroun in the united kingdom . spanish police had monitored the meeting in spain . they also established that the couple had links to radicals who had gone to fight with aqim , al qaeda 's north african affiliate . and they found the couple were in contact with a young radical islamist from frankfurt who had gone to fight in syria at the end of last year and was recently killed . the pipe bomb that was recovered by police appears to have similarities to devices built by boston marathon bombers tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev . flade said the device recovered near frankfurt included nails as shrapnel . the boston bombers downloaded instructions from a recipe in inspire magazine , an online engish language magazine put out by al qaeda in yemen , which has also been translated into german and other languages . in august 2013 , the british security agency mi5 revealed to parliament 's intelligence and security committee that inspire has been `` read by those involved in at least seven out of the 10 attacks planned within the uk since its first issue ( in 2010 ) . we judge that it significantly enhanced the capability of individuals in four of these 10 attack plots . '' like other european countries , germany is grappling with an unprecedented terrorist threat because of the high number of its citizens who have traveled to syria and iraq . in recent years there has been growing concern over radicalization in germany 's large turkish diaspora community . travel to syria is particularly easy for individuals of turkish descent because turkey is the entry point for most foreign fighters traveling to syria . according to flade , almost 700 germans are believed to have traveled to syria and iraq , with up to 90 % joining isis . one-third of these have returned to germany and 70 to 80 have been killed in the fighting in syria and iraq . there has only been one fatal terrorist attack in germany since 9/11 -- the shooting death of two u.s. airmen outside frankfurt airport by a lone-wolf radicalized islamist in march 2011 . cnn 's fred pleitgen contributed to this report .