( cnn ) i was a copygirl in my fourth month at the chicago daily news , my second assigned to the city desk . it had become my custom at 4 o'clock , when the city desk secretary left for the day , to move over to her spot to help answer the phones as the beat reporters called in to check out for the day . it was so quiet that afternoon -- 70 years ago , on thursday , april 12 , 1945 -- the city editor and assistant city editor had felt comfortable leaving their desks . the second city editor , guy housley , was to my left . to my right , perhaps 6 feet away , the telegraph editor , george dodge . at 4:50 , the old-fashioned upright `` candlestick '' telephone on his desk rang -- the direct line the associated press used to alert editors to major news events . he answered , replaced the bell-like receiver on its hook and said to everyone in general and no one in particular , `` roosevelt is dead . '' the silence of shock . until dodge jumped up so quickly , his swivel chair crashed into the glass-fronted bookcase behind him -- a symphonic orchestra cymbals sound -- and ran to what was called the tube room , with its row of associated press teletype machines . housley said , `` clear the decks for action . '' the words had barely cleared his lips when city editor clem lane half-ran back into the city room . hal o'flaherty , director of the daily news foreign service , was only a step or two behind . the door of the managing editor 's office that opened into the city room flew open , and managing editor everett norlander joined them around the copy desk , where dodge was editing the bulletin . lane wheeled toward the rewrite desk . `` cleveland ! get downstairs . get the reaction . '' the main entrance to the chicago daily news building also served as the main entrance to the northwestern railroad terminal , with its commuter trains to the north shore communities . a veritable sea of lemmings would be coming up that marble incline for the next hour . not that charlie cleveland could linger . the daily news , an afternoon newspaper , was strictly limited in the hours it could publish . only an hour or so remained for extras . i knew clips would be needed and ran to the library , the old `` morgue . '' they 'd heard and had a splay of white envelopes on president franklin d. roosevelt -- big and bulging -- spread out . they had one , as i recall -- a small one -- on harry s. truman . i grabbed it and ran back down the corridor . bob lewin , who usually handled labor stories , had been told `` to do something on the new president . '' he opened the truman envelope , spread out the newspaper clippings and reached for one of the `` books '' in a wire basket within easy reach of reporters and rewritemen : five sheets of copy paper stapled together , with four sheets of carbon paper between . to be rolled into typewriters and have the necessary copies : the top one for the editor , a carbon copy for the reporter 's reference and three others for distribution to various editors or news desks . lewin 's eyes moved over the clippings , evaluating , rejecting , selecting , deciding what to use . at last , he started typing . because of the time pressure , the story would be done in `` short takes '' : two , maybe three paragraphs at a time . he wrote : `` the new president -- the 33d in the history of the united states -- is harry s. truman . `` he was automatically elevated to the presidency on the death of president roosevelt . `` truman will be 61 on may 8 . '' lewin ripped the book out of the typewriter roller . i left him the bottom page for reference and rushed the top page to lane . back by lewin , i read over his shoulder : `` born in lamar , mo. , truman 's political rise was spectacular . `` he was relatively little known outside of his home state when he was elected to the u.s. senate in 1934 . he had the backing of the late tom `` boss '' prendergast , of the kansas city machine . this time , lewin gave me a nod . i pulled out the book , the typewriter roller ratcheting protest . after two more takes , lane said , `` okay , that 's it . '' cleveland was back . the cricket-like click click click of typewriter keys at the rewrite desk drew me , and i stood by to take his story to lane : `` word of president roosevelt 's death struck chicago late this afternoon with numbing suddenness . `` within a few minutes after the bulletins came to the daily news , the office switchboards were swamped with calls for verification . `` so great were the number of calls , that the lines became clogged and many queries could not be handled . `` many of the callers spoke as if disbelieving the report -- as if it were some wildly spread rumor . `` the same kind of uncertainty was noticed in the faces of the crowds thronging homeward . word passed from one to another : `` ' did you hear that ? roosevelt is dead ? is it true ' ? '' cleveland 's story delivered , i returned to the city desk to help with the calls . many , as he had mentioned , from people wanting to know whether it was true but some from reporters and beat men who 'd been heading home , reporting the reaction where they were . a copyboy rushed around the room , dropping off copies of the first extra -- the simple news in a 76-point-type headline : roosevelt dead . statements began coming in from local officials and civic leaders , a few phoned in but most from the city news bureau , which served the chicago newspapers with local news as the wire services did with national news . i sorted through the multiple copies , separating them into ever-growing stacks . the second extra was dropped off . roosevelt dead with the subhead : dies at 63 of hemorrhage in georgia . the last extra had a three-column photo of roosevelt , edged in black , a two-column of truman and a story on the president 's death and funeral plans . as the editors talked , i heard one ask , `` what kind of president do you think he 'll make ? '' and o'flaherty , director of the daily news foreign service , said , `` if there 's anything to the american system , the man will rise to the office . '' i 've thought of that through the years as truman has risen in the opinion of presidential historians . the atom bomb . the marshall plan . the berlin airlift . the truman doctrine . recognition of the state of israel . desegregation of the armed services . ordering u.s. forces to oppose the invading forces when north korea crossed the 38th parallel and invaded south korea , then organizing a united nations army . firing douglas macarthur . i continued to sort the statements from officials . lane asked me to take one set down to lloyd lewis . the chief editorial writer had a corner office at the far end of the long office corridor . i found him sitting in the dark , looking out the window at the chicago skyline . sensing my presence , he said , `` i wonder what the world will be like without him . '' `` i do n't know , sir . '' in the dusk , the quiet , i suspect he did n't expect an answer , but i thought about franklin delano roosevelt , who served in the white house for an unprecedented 12 years . `` he 's the only president i can remember . '' he turned , saw me in the doorway , a teenager in penny loafers , a cardigan sweater and a pleated plaid skirt , and said with a nod , `` of course . '' i gave him the statements and updated him on the latest news . `` the funeral train will bring his body up from georgia ... to washington , i mean . '' the next morning , i turned to the editorial page to see what he 'd written . lewis took his cue from roosevelt 's address to a joint session of the congress following his trip to yalta . the headline : `` it has been a long journey . i trust you will agree it has been a fruitful one . '' note : an earlier version of this article incorrectly quoted fdr 's age in the chicago daily news subhead . he was 63 .