( cnn ) it 's the beer so good the danes hate to see it leave , or so carlsberg advertisements used to say . now , copenhagen residents can live in a new neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker in the heart of danish capital . the area in question -- aptly named carlsberg city -- has been home to the famous carlsberg brewery since 1847 , and with it a big slice of danish cultural history . but the brewery has moved on and the future is moving in . amidst the district 's historic treasure trove of protected architectural buildings will be some 600,000 square meters ( 6.4 million sq ft ) of residential , business , sporting , cultural , and educational space . prices range from just below copenhagen 's average $ 5,000 per square meter to about $ 12,000 -- well below other major european cities . modeled after intimate medieval towns , carlsberg city won `` best master plan '' at the world architecture festival in 2009 . the project has since attracted interest from all over the world . `` scandinavia has over the past years been attractive to foreign investors , '' said claus lonborg , ceo of copenhagen capacity , a non-profit with the aim of growing business in the danish capital . he added that `` given the number of infrastructure and construction developments taking place in the greater copenhagen area now , we really see an increasing demand and interest . '' while the first apartments in carlsberg city went up for sale in march , the area has been alive for years . investors invited temporary renters into old buildings during the construction phase which began shortly after the 2008 financial crisis hit . the area has since been home to skateboarders , bikers , modern dancers , cafes , the national football team for homeless people and a climbing forest . and the head of carlsberg city says this ploy has more than paid off . `` the temporary activities have been keeping carlsberg city on the landmap even in planning , '' said jens nyhus , ceo of carlsbergbyen ( carlsberg city ) . `` when the financial crisis started ( they ) were a way to keep the building occupied and from running down . it kept the city alive and opened up . '' but just because new tenants have moved in does n't mean it 's brewing history will be gone completely . carlsberg will remain very much inside carlsberg city , making specialty beer and building a tourist center that is expected to attract half-a-million visitors per-year when it opens in 2017 . `` we call it carlsberg brand and experience center , '' said thomas kjelfred , communications consultant at visit carlsberg . `` ( but ) it 's not a brand house , it 's a brew house . until six years ago , we brewed 200 million liters a beer ( here ) '' `` to a dane , carlsberg is more than a beer . it is art , it is science , it is culture . '' and soon , it will also be a city .