( cnn ) it takes a village to raise a triathlete . since returning home from our kickoff weekend where we got to experience life as a full-time triathlete , i 've been juggling training life with a full-time job , hectic commute and time with friends and family . with my fit nation teammates spread far and wide , this was a solo effort . throw in a notorious chicago winter that refused to go gently into that good night , and i 'll admit it : i was not very diligent in getting all of my training done . `` partner up , '' the facebook status read . jae rockwell , the founder of my local women 's fitness groups , women run the world , posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable . and so that 's what i did . i 'm lucky to count a handful of both experienced and aspiring triathletes among my friends . so , i reached out to them to ask what they were up to . annastasia w. , who 's training for her first ironman half-triathlon this summer , suggested a group brick workout at our local gym . she invited several other women , including complete newbies , through the soletri sisters facebook group and 10 of us met up on a cold chicago morning to swim for 15 minutes , bike for 30 minutes and run for 15 minutes . that was great motivation to keep up with my workouts for the next week . a few weeks later , i traveled to little rock , arkansas , to run a marathon . i traveled to little rock with three phenomenal `` fitspirations '' : samantha goga , natali villarruel and umber rahman -- who are members of an obstacle course race group called the midwest vikings . seeing how much fun they 've had participating in some really daunting physical challenges helped me push through some of the more difficult moments of running my first marathon ! swimming remains my weakest link . i just learned to swim last summer . sometimes i forget that and do n't cut myself any slack or recognize how far i 've come . once my formal swim class ended in february i found myself seriously slacking on my swim training . enter my swim angels , lovie twine and eanista bailey . they took me out into lake michigan last year after my first swim class was complete for a celebratory `` swim '' ( which was really just wading ) . it was great to have them join me for a swim workout . i appreciated their perspective and gentle coaching . and you know what was happening while i was partnering up ? spring was on the way ! and that meant i could finally break free of my computrainer bike sessions and hit the road . i was lucky enough to connect with the major taylor cycling club of chicago ( mtc3 ) for a series of novice rides they 've been hosting on local trails around chicagoland . with two falls behind me ( hey , those clips take some getting used to ) , we got in nearly 23 miles and a new addiction was born . riding outside with the wind whipping your face , chasing your friends and breathing fresh air is exhilarating and i 'm looking forward to many more rides outdoors . i want to say thank you to the fellowship of fitness that i 've been lucky enough to find . there are so many others we keep me inspired , accountable and motivated . i 'm so grateful that they keep me moving in the right direction and i hope that i can help others do the same . so when times get tough , partner up !