( cnn ) sofia vergara 's ex-fiance is speaking out about their dispute over frozen embryos created while they dated . in an op-ed published by the new york times on wednesday , nick loeb explained his rationale for fighting to keep the two female embryos he shares with the actress . `` i wanted to keep this private , but recently the story broke to the world , '' loeb wrote . `` it has gotten attention not only because of the people involved -- my ex is sofia vergara , who stars in the abc series `` modern family '' -- but also because embryonic custody disputes raise important questions about life , religion and parenthood . '' loeb says he met the actress in 2010 and they got engaged two years later , at which point they decided to create the embryos and conceive a child via a surrogate . after two attempts failed to bring fertilized embryos to term , they created two more embryos using her eggs and his sperm . `` when we create embryos for the purpose of life , should we not define them as life , rather than as property ? , '' he said . `` ... a woman is entitled to bring a pregnancy to term even if the man objects . should n't a man who is willing to take on all parental responsibilities be similarly entitled to bring his embryos to term even if the woman objects ? '' loeb said he filed a complaint against the 42-year-old actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization . he filed it in august in santa monica , california , where they apparently lived while they dated . `` we signed a form stating that any embryos created through the process could be brought to term only with both parties ' consent . the form did not specify -- as california law requires -- what would happen if we separated , '' he said . `` i am asking to have it voided . '' representatives for vergara have declined to comment in the past . loeb has said he believes `` life begins at fertilization '' and wants to implant the embryos in a surrogate and bring them to term . he said he does n't want any money from the egg donor . the case has led to questions about who has the right to embryos . typically , a prior legal agreement between a couple spells out who has ultimate authority , said fertility specialist dr. david tourgeman , who 's not involved in this case . `` usually when embryos are created , whether the couple is married or just consenting adults , there 's usually a power of attorney that is described to these embryos , if they are frozen for future use , '' he said . in most cases , the mother or the origin of the egg is given power of attorney , although anyone can make a request , tourgeman said . if there 's a disagreement , the courts usually get involved to decide who legally owns the embryos , he said . vergara is now reportedly engaged to actor joe manganiello .