( cnn ) everybody loves a good comeback story -- especially one that 's dino-sized . after its name was booted from science books for more than a century , a new study suggests that the brontosaurus belongs to its own genera , and therefore deserves its own name . o.c . marsh first named the brontosaurus in 1879 , after he received 25 crates of bones discovered at como bluff , wyoming , according to the yale peabody museum of natural history . similar to , though not as large as the apatosaurus discovered a couple of years prior , marsh named the dinosaur , `` brontosaurus , '' or `` thunder lizard . '' apatosaurus had three sacral vertebrae in its hip region and brontosaurus had five , according to the museum 's website , so marsh gave the dinosaurs two different names . later it was discovered that the number of sacral vertebrae is related to age : as the animal gets older , two of the vertebrae fuse to the sacrum . paleontologist elmer riggs concluded in 1903 that the brontosaurus was really a young apatosaurus , and therefore must go by that name , according to the museum . emanuel tschopp , a paleontologist at the nova university of lisbon , portugal , led this latest study , which took five years and included visits to 20 museums in europe and the united states to collect data . by examining `` 500 anatomical traits , '' tschopp said he was able to `` reconstruct the family tree '' of diplodocids -- the family apatosaurus and brontosaurus belong to . tschopp `` looked at every single specimen , '' according to jacques gauthier , curator of vertebrate paleontology at yale peabody museum and `` noted their characteristics , '' plugging data into an algorithm that revealed `` five species in the group of diplodocids . '' two of them are brontosaurus-like and three are apatosaurus-like , gauthier said . while his findings have earned the excitement of brontosaurus fans everywhere , tschopp said he is `` expecting a debate about the case of brontosaurus . '' `` we think we have good evidence , '' he said , `` but i know there are other research groups that do not completely agree . '' for gauthier , tschopp 's discovery means changes are coming to the original brontosaurus skeleton that has lived at the yale peabody museum of natural history since 1936 . `` we 're definitely going to have to change the label , '' he said .