( cnn ) it 's a good thing -- a lucky thing -- that a bystander had the courage and presence of mind to record the shocking video that shows a white police officer , michael slager , gunning down and killing an apparently unarmed black man named walter scott after a traffic stop in north charleston , south carolina . and the resulting national wave of revulsion and indignation -- along with the prompt arrest of slager on murder charges -- is a welcome and appropriate response . but the event raises broad , troubling questions about how often such incidents take place without the benefit of a third-party recording . it 's not supposed to be a mystery : more than 20 years ago , congress approved a law , the violent crime control and law enforcement act of 1994 , signed by president bill clinton , that requires the federal justice department to collect data on deaths caused by police . the law has never truly been implemented , leaving us with patchy information about particular episodes rather than a comprehensive sense of how race and policing play out in america . `` what happened here today does n't happen all the time . what if there was no video ? what if there was no witness -- or hero , as i call him -- to come forward ? '' said l. chris stewart , an attorney for scott 's family . `` as you can see , the initial ( police ) reports stated something totally different . '' that 's putting it mildly . in early police statements -- issued before the video came to light -- slager reportedly said that scott attacked him , that he fired only after a scuffle and that cops made medical efforts to revive scott . the video makes hash of those claims , and likely contributed to slager 's swift arrest and pending murder charges . `` when you 're wrong , you 're wrong , '' said north charleston mayor keith summey . that leaves slager to face murder charges that could land him on death row -- and the rest of us to face a disturbing reality . i 'm all for having police use body cameras , although they are not a magic cure for preventing or stopping the excessive use of force . but the much bigger problem is that we simply do n't know when and where police killings take place , or whether they cluster in particular cities or states . and that means we do n't know for certain whether unjustified or excessive force correlates with particular forms of officer training or detectable underlying racial bias . we do n't even know the role played by officers operating under stressful conditions or while dealing with mental or physical illness . these vital questions are n't supposed to be a mystery . according to section 210402 of the violent crime control and law enforcement act of 1994 , `` the attorney general shall , through appropriate means , acquire data about the use of excessive force by law enforcement officers . ... the attorney general shall publish an annual summary of the data acquired under this section . '' that section of the law has effectively been ignored , beyond a first attempt at a comprehensive report published in 1996 . by 2001 , a new york times article noted that when it comes to police uses of deadly force , `` no comprehensive accounting for all of the nation 's 17,000 police department exists . '' there are multiple reasons the law has been ignored . collecting information from the nation 's thousands of jurisdictions -- the myriad villages , counties and cities -- is a tough , expensive assignment . the job is even harder because many police departments , reluctant to air their dirty laundry , fail to distinguish between justified and unjustified killings on the reasonable grounds that it 's up to the courts to rule on whether an officer has committed brutality -- something that 's often established only after years of court proceedings . these hurdles could be overcome by a determined effort from washington , but congress has failed to press the justice department to demand the data and comply with the 1994 law . a weak substitute called the death in custody reporting act was passed in 2000 and renewed in 2014 , but it is a voluntary reporting program intended to coax information out of local departments . some of the data gap has been filled by media organizations -- and what they have discovered only underscores the need for muscular , mandatory enforcement of the data-gathering law . in 2011 , the las vegas review-journal published an extensive investigation of police killings in and around las vegas and found 378 shootings over a 20-year period , 142 of which were fatal . in no case was an officer convicted or even fired because of an on-duty shooting . in south carolina last month , the state newspaper published an examination of 209 instances in which officers shot at suspects , and found that only a handful of officers were charged , and none found guilty . `` in south carolina , it remains exceedingly rare for an officer to be found at fault criminally for shooting at someone , '' the columbia newspaper concluded . a group of activists has created a website called mappingpoliceviolence.org that flags cases of police killings ; its estimate that at least 304 black people were killed by police in 2014 may stand as the best guess we have about the dimensions of a national problem . but we should n't be guessing . as the las vegas review-journal editorialized in 2011 : `` how many lives might be saved if taxpayers everywhere were better informed about police shootings ? how can they know about a potential local problem without information ? ... police already track everything from domestic violence to child abuse to murder , and police routinely lobby state and federal lawmakers to put new crimes into statute . the budgetary impact of adding another reporting category to local police forces would be minuscule . the social impact of such an addition , however , would be huge . '' that common-sense observation is being echoed by the obama administration -- specifically , the president 's task force on 21st century policing , created in december in response to widespread protests following the police killings of unarmed black men including michael brown and eric garner . the recently released interim report of the task force calls , one more time , for the justice department to collect comprehensive data from local departments . but it will take more pressure -- from activists , victims ' families , members of congress and president barack obama himself -- to demand an end to the stonewalling of information . it 's long past time we got to the truth of how many more killings like walter scott 's are happening without a video to set the record straight .