( cnn ) on thursday , president barack obama revealed that a u.s. drone strike had killed warren weinstein and giovanni lo porto , two aid workers held hostage on the afghanistan-pakistan border . al qaeda had sought to trade the two for prisoners held by the united states and an end to drone strikes . but it is not only terrorist groups that try to reap reward from the taking of hostages -- take the case of jason rezaian , the washington post 's tehran bureau chief . on april 20 , just two days before diplomats resumed talks in vienna , austria , to reach a final agreement over iran 's nuclear program , rezaian 's iranian attorney announced that his client had been charged with espionage , conducting propaganda , collaborating with foreign governments and collecting information `` with malicious intent . '' the state department , rezaian 's employers at the washington post and fellow journalists reacted with outrage . their anger is justified , but the decision should surprise no one : there is a long history of rogue regimes seizing hostages against the backdrop of diplomacy to extract concessions , humiliate the united states or signal unease . the scale of iran 's current hostage-taking -- not only rezaian but also iranian-americans saeed abedini and amir hekmati -- may pale in comparison with iranian behavior of decades past . but the use of hostages to extract concessions or dampen the enthusiasm surrounding reconciliation is part of a consistent pattern . consider the original iran hostage seizure : on november 4 , 1979 , radical students seized the american embassy in tehran , ultimately holding 52 diplomats hostage for 444 days . often forgotten was what sparked that episode , which occurred more than nine months after ayatollah ruhollah khomeini declared the islamic revolution victorious . the problem was a rush to reconcile : at a november 1 , 1979 , algiers reception , zbigniew brzezinski , president jimmy carter 's national security adviser , met iranian prime minister mehdi bazargan . according to brzezinski 's own memoir , he told bazargan that the united states was open to any relationship the islamic republic wanted . photos of their handshake graced newspapers around the world . iranian hardliners , meanwhile , were apoplectic that barzagan was `` betraying '' iran 's revolutionary principles , and seized the embassy to block any rapprochement . khomeini endorsed their action . `` our young people must foil these plots , '' he reportedly said . the hostages became pawns in an escalating series of demands . brzezinski 's dream of reconciliation became a nightmare . iran released the embassy hostages as ronald reagan took his oath of office , ending its first but not last hostage-taking episode . iranian proxies seized a number of americans in lebanon . reagan blessed a plan to trade arms for hostages . putting aside the illegalities of diverting weaponry to the nicaraguan contras , the genesis of the scheme was not only a desire for diplomacy but also , much as with obama 's outreach today , to solidify the moderate camp within the iranian political spectrum . initially , the scheme worked , but no sooner had american officials delivered the last load of military equipment and the last hostages set free , then kidnappers seized three more americans . hostage-taking had simply become another way to collect concessions . of course , iran is not alone in such games . whenever the united states tries to use diplomacy to bring rogue regimes in from the cold , it faces hostage crises . take north korea : obama campaigned as the anti-bush on the world stage . `` the notion that somehow not talking to countries is punishment to them ... is ridiculous , '' obama , then a senator , declared in july 2007 . obama had n't even marked two months in office when north korea detained two journalists working for al gore 's current tv . a kangaroo court sentenced laura ling and euna lee to 12 years in prison . it was traditional hostage diplomacy . former president bill clinton traveled to pyongyang to appeal for their release . north korean leader kim jong il used the episode to solidify the position of his third son and designated successor , kim jong un . north korea 's police force put out word that `` general kim jong un 's artifice let former u.s. president clinton cross the pacific to apologize to the great leader . it was all made possible thanks to general kim jong un 's extraordinary prophecy and outstanding tactics . '' north korea 's deputy foreign minister confided that the groundwork for the episode had been planned long in advance . ling and lee were neither the first nor the last americans that north korea seized during the obama era . after north korea torpedoed a south korean ship , killing 46 , obama sought north korea 's censure in the u.n. security council . pyongyang responded by threatening aijalon mahli gomes , an american imprisoned earlier that year for illegally entering north korea . on cue , former president jimmy carter arrived to mediate for gomes ' release , called for new talks and , by omission , derailed efforts to hold north korea accountable for its killing of nearly four dozen south korean sailors . the pattern would repeat in 2012 when north korea seized kenneth bae , an american whom kim jong un sought to leverage into concessions . the following year , north korea arrested an 85-year-old korean war veteran touring the hermit kingdom and , the next year , took two other tourists hostage . each arrest resulted in a high-level visit , an apology to north korea that bolstered the dear leader 's claims of strength and renewed engagement . saddam hussein likewise worked from the same playbook . in march 1995 , iraqi security forces seized two american defense contractors who strayed into iraq from kuwait . sentenced to eight years , they served 114 days before rep. bill richardson , d-new mexico , a close clinton ally ( and future cabinet-level u.n. ambassador ) flew to baghdad to retrieve them . the american media lauded richardson , but his trip was not without cost : saddam used it to depict iraq as strong and america as weak . `` president saddam hussein ... accepts the pleas by bill clinton , the congress and american people , '' the iraqi news agency reported . and so did the taliban . fifteen years before obama traded alleged american deserter bowe bergdahl for five high-value taliban and alleged al qaeda operatives imprisoned at guantanamo bay , the taliban arrested two americans female missionaries . their detention -- and threatened death sentence -- came against the backdrop of clinton-era attempts to negotiate with and perhaps even normalize relations with the taliban ; the taliban , too , knew how holding americans captive could even the playing field or even represent leverage for new concessions . so what does iran 's hostage brinkmanship portend ? diplomats drink their own kool-aid , and convince themselves that their engagement can bring rogues in from the cold . ego , ambition and arrogance convince presidents that the failure of past diplomacy rests with their predecessors rather than adversaries . hostages such as rezaian are canaries in the coal mine , however . their captivity -- not suave officials and their smooth promises -- show both the true character of the regime and its disregard for the norms of diplomacy .