( cnn ) three orthodox rabbis accused of planning and participating in the torture of jewish men who refused to divorce their wives were convicted tuesday of conspiring to commit kidnapping . rabbis mendel epstein , 69 ; jay goldstein , 60 ; and binyamin stimler , 39 , were found guilty on one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping in new jersey federal court . goldstein and stimler were also convicted on charges of attempted kidnapping . the rabbis were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars to orchestrate the kidnappings of jewish husbands to persuade them through torture involving electric cattle prods and screwdrivers to grant `` gets , '' a document that jewish law requires a husband to present to his wife in order to be issued a divorce , court papers said . the men were arrested in october 2013 following an fbi sting operation that ended with goldstein , stimler and six other men with ski masks , surgical blades and a 30-foot nylon rope in a warehouse in middlesex county , new jersey . lawyers for each of the rabbis told cnn they plan on appealing the convictions . `` rabbi epstein still firmly believes that he was protecting women 's rights and was protecting the agunahs and the families , '' said robert stahl , the lawyer for epstein . without a `` get , '' a woman is considered an `` agunah , '' a chained woman bound to a man no matter how over the marriage might actually be . an orthodox jewish woman who does not receive a get runs the risk of being shunned in her community and labeled an adulteress if she moves on . any future children she has are considered bastards permitted to marry only other bastards . `` i do n't think this was a traditional kidnapping , '' said aidan o'connor , the lawyer for goldstein . goldstein is a sofer , a jewish scribe who transcribes the torah and writes other religious documents , including divorce papers , his attorney said . nathan lewin , the attorney for stimler , called the verdict `` shocking '' and said his client was only present at the warehouse as a witness for the ceremonial signing of the document . `` there 's no evidence that rabbi stimler knew what was going to be going on , '' lewin said . `` of course we 're going to take all the steps to correct this injustice . '' epstein 's son , david epstein , was acquitted on tuesday of kidnapping charges . the jury returned not guilty verdicts on the attempted kidnapping charges against mendel epstein , and on more severe kidnapping charges against the three rabbis . nine other individuals previously pled guilty in the case to conspiracy charges , according to a press release from the u.s. attorney 's office in new jersey . henry mazurek , the lawyer for david epstein , said his client was grateful for the jury 's decision but called his client 's acquittals `` bittersweet '' next to his father 's conviction . `` he really believes that ( his father ) was a champion of someone who was voiceless in his religion , '' mazurek said . sentencing is set for july 15 . the men face up to life in prison .