( cnn ) the powers of marvel 's all-star superheroes go a bit wobbly in `` avengers : age of ultron . '' faced with the daunting prospect of topping the surprise and excitement of 2012 's the avengers , the third highest-grossing film of all time , writer-director joss whedon mixes some brooding down-time in with the abundant spectacle . to be sure , series junkies will get their fix from the sheer massiveness of the exploits , but at least two of the big action scenes are lackluster , while the climax and resolution could have been worked out in more complex , less rote ways , so as to further increase intrigue and anticipation for `` avengers : infinity war parts 1 and 2 , '' already scheduled for release in may of 2018 and 2019 , respectively . not that any of this will matter much , since the pent-up excitement among the enormous international fan base is so intense that nothing will keep the summer 's presumed biggest franchise blockbuster from soaring to and beyond the one-billion dollar threshold internationally . hands-on producer kevin feige and his associates have built a cinematic empire quite unprecedented in hollywood history , a veritable solar system of staggeringly profitable individual franchises unified by the overpowering collective force of the avengers . so while sideline enterprises like the new `` daredevil '' tv series continue to pop up , the company can be so confident in the enduring appeal of its theatrical mainstays that it recently published a release schedule for its remaining big-gun commercial titles from now through the end of the decade . at this point , no one would be willing to bet on when a sense of terminal deja vu might set in to bring it all to an end , and comic-con can plan its main events years ahead . in the meantime , the key points of interest surround how many surprises and twists can be wrung from a format and set of expectations that demand great fealty from core fans ; any significant deviations are taken as personal betrayals by the hardest-core geeks . last summer , `` guardians of the galaxy '' showed that marvel could play it a bit more fast and loose than it generally does , but the big-name franchises still seem sacrosanct . and so it is with `` avengers : age of ultron , '' which at moments takes a peek down some shadowy side roads but ends up mostly zooming along the main highway to deliver what the audience wants rather than something even a little bit different . picking up where last year 's `` captain america : winter soldier '' left off , the new film , without preamble , dives right in to show the avengers dispatching the remnants of the nasty hydra organization in a hectically and indifferently staged forest combat scene that leaves clint barton/hawkeye ( jeremy renner ) worse for wear while also introducing two new adversaries , twins pietro and wanda ( aaron-taylor johnson and elizabeth olsen ) . victory allows for some passably amusing scenes of the heroes blowing off steam : the favorite party trick of thor ( chris hemsworth ) is to challenge all comers to lift up his hammer ; natasha/black widow ( scarlett johansson ) and bruce banner/the hulk ( mark ruffalo ) pursue a little mating dance in which her amorous interest is predicated upon his retaining his human rather than superhero form ; and tony stark/iron man ( robert downey jr. ) and steve rogers/captain america ( chris evans ) take stock of the advances their old nazi nemesis strucker ( thomas kretschmann ) appears to be making in the artificial intelligence department , specifically with the most sophisticated humanoid ever devised , ultron ( voiced with marvelous robotic nuance by james spader ) . what 's behind warner bros. ' risky move to release nine movies . ultron is a cool and sophisticated creation ; what he lacks , of course , is a heart , which is what makes him such an imposing villain . a sleekly designed robot you might even call handsome , he makes an excellent intellectual and smart-ass sparring partner for stark , but when he first appears , he 's still on training wheels . however , he does recruit pietro and wanda to his cause , an easy matter since stark killed their parents . he 's not yet entirely ready to conquer the universe but , in their first skirmish with him , the avengers are sufficiently outclassed to begin worrying . could ' star wars ' open at $ 500 million ? licking their wounds at the `` safe house '' of hawkeye 's farm , the avengers go into a funk . the impatient thor quickly takes off `` to find answers , '' bruce resists natasha 's desire to get something physical cooking between them ; stark , lamenting that `` ultron is tryng to tear us apart , '' consults with old cohort nick fury ( samuel l. jackson , briefly ) , while mad men 's linda cardellini , playing hawkeye 's stand-by-your-man wife , is stuck with the ( intentionally ? ) funniest line of dialogue in the film : `` you know i totally support your avenging . '' while some of his partners wallow in disarray , captain america heads for seoul , where the next evolutionary step is to emerge via a device called `` the cradle , '' which will hatch mass-produced android soldiers that will pave the way for ultron 's world domination . but a major chase through the city involving a runaway subway train falls flat due to basic conceptual silliness and poor action continuity . of course , the avengers ultimately get it together to do the kind of butt-kicking they 're supposed to do , and a very welcome addition to the team comes in the form of the android called vision . red-faced and green-garbed , vision is given a striking profile and overall presence by paul bettany ( heretofore limited in the marvel world to vocal work as stark 's computerized butler j.a.r.v.i.s . ) , and it can be hoped , if not assumed , that this most intriguing character will play an even more important role in the final two avengers installments . ' galaxy quest ' tv series in the works . ultimately , whedon 's efforts to invest the heroes with a degree of uncertainty and vulnerability comes off as half-baked , as such an effort can only go so far due to the nature of the material . after all , these are comic book characters defined by their double identities ; a third dimension is neither required nor perhaps even desired . if ending on a dramatic cliffhanger note had been desired , the elements were there for the taking ; including a semi-tragic component along with mystery about ultron 's ultimate fate would arguably have only further cranked up anticipation for the coming chapters . but , then , what does that matter when the automatic attendance of millions is assured ? `` avengers : age of ultron '' succeeds in the top priority of creating a worthy opponent for its superheroes and giving the latter a few new things to do , but this time the action scenes do n't always measure up and some of the characters are left in a kind of dramatic no-man's-land . the returning series actors acquit themselves in the expected agreeable manner , while series newcomer andy serkis has a terrific couple of minutes as a tough but stressed south african criminal . ©2015 the hollywood reporter . all rights reserved .