kano , nigeria ( cnn ) hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered buried in shallow graves in the streets of the northeastern nigerian town of damasak this past weekend , according to local officials and a resident . the town had recently been freed from the boko haram terror group in a joint nigerian-chadian military operation . a provincial government committee was visiting the area as part of an effort to assess the level of destruction in towns that had been in the deadly grip of boko haram . `` we found hundreds of dead bodies in shallow graves and on the streets of damasak during our visit , '' damasak local government spokesman babagana mustapha told cnn on monday . `` those bodies in shallow graves have badly decomposed while those found on the streets were desiccated from [ exposure to ] dry ‎winds , '' mustapha added . the victims included men , women and children murdered by boko haram when they seized the area in november , said abubakar kyari , a senator-elect for the region . `` the staggering number of dead bodies found in damasak is a testimony of the large-scale atrocity boko haram committed when they were in control of the town '' kyari added . mustapha said the bodies were buried in 20 clearly marked mass graves . although mustapha did not give a precise number of corpses recovered , damasak residents who participated in the exhumations put the figure at more than 400 . `` ‎we collected over 400 corpses from the streets and in shallow graves during our visit in damasak , '' said idris karimbe , one of the volunteers who took part in the burial . `` the number of bodies we recovered this time around far exceeded the ones found last month , '' said another resident , musa bremah‎ . bremah was referring to the discovery of around 90 bodies in a shallow grave outside damasak last month after its recapture . ‎a regional military coalition involving troops from nigeria , niger , chad and cameroon has in recent months recaptured swathes of nigerien territory seized by boko haram . the joint military operation is part of an ongoing collaborative effort at crushing the islamist group that has widened its deadly attacks to niger , chad and cameroon .