( cnn ) he was impressively polite and bright in the eyes of his boyhood teachers , an encourager of his college friends . he was a docile captured killer in the care of paramedics tending to his gunshot wounds . dzhokhar `` jahar '' tsarnaev 's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for his part two years ago in the boston marathon bombings and murder of an mit police officer . having focused on his dead older brother , portraying tamerlan tsarnav as harsh , overbearing and bent on jihad , they now shift to the younger brother who tagged after him , as one witness said , `` like a puppy . '' the sentencing phase of the federal case will resume monday . the jury was sent home thursday because a juror was sick . tsarnaev was convicted april 8 on all 30 counts , including 17 that carry a possible death penalty . the defense 's transition from one brother to the other begins in the ambulances that rushed the brothers from their respective final showdowns with police in watertown , massachusetts , on april 19 , 2013 . boston bombing survivor : i am not limiting myself . tamerlan , dying from gunshot wounds and having been run over by the car his brother was driving as he fled , became combative in the ambulance . a paramedic testified wednesday that it was common for patients in shock to become agitated and fight back . `` he had an abdominal wound , it was an evisceration , '' said paramedic michael sullivan . it was a `` penetrating wound , '' with the intestines protruding . `` every time we tried hands-on , he resisted that type of treatment , '' sullivan said . `` he was yelling , loud , like an ' rrrrrrrr ' type of thing . it was like he was trying to get out of the seat belts that were holding him on '' the stretcher . jahar , on the other hand , was cooperative after his capture hours later -- until a tourniquet was applied too tightly , said paramedic laura lee . he responded to questions , giving his date of birth and saying he was allergic to cats . and then he asked a question of his own : `` where is my brother ? '' the defense showed a series of photographs that demonstrated how the brothers differed in size and age . the younger brother has been portrayed as someone who follows , rather than leads . one of tamerlan 's boxing coaches testified earlier that jahar followed his brother around `` like a puppy . '' the defense asserts that the boston marathon bombings never would have happened if it were n't for tamerlan . they have portrayed him as obsessed with jihad , spending hours in his computer trolling al qaeda-style websites . an uncle in russia told the fbi that tamerlan came there in 2012 , expecting to find `` jihad in the streets . '' magomed kartashov was questioned by the fbi after 40 days in a russian jail . the fbi summary report of the interview was read in court . kartashov said his nephew asked him if he had contacts with people `` in the forest , '' as locals referred to the jihadists . tamerlan 's information came from the internet , but he had surprisingly little knowledge of islam , the uncle told the fbi . when he asked his nephew why he wanted to go to the forest , he responded that `` jihad was necessary today , '' kartashov told the fbi . `` i told him to stop or he would n't make it to the next tree . '' jahar , on the other hand , was portrayed in the testimony of five of his former teachers as a smart , sweet kid who worked hard and earned good grades . he was `` super kind , extremely smart , a very hard worker , really a lovely person , '' said tracey gordon , his fifth-grade teacher at cambridgeport school . `` all the teachers loved him , '' said becki norris , who had jahar in her seventh-grade class at community charter school , a middle school in cambridge known for setting its students on the path to `` full ticket '' scholarships to good colleges . `` he was one of our top students , and one of our top athletes , '' norris said . `` he was n't a rebel . if you asked him to do something , he 'd do it . like most middle-schoolers , he 's need a little push , but he needed just one . `` but after just a few days in the ninth grade , jahar 's mother pulled him out of the school and sent him to cambridge rindge and latin , a large public high school . she was angry that her son had been sent home to change out of his blue pants . `` she was very , very angry because he did n't have clean pants that matched the uniform and they did n't have the money , '' norris said . `` i thought he liked the school , and i did n't think he wanted to go . '' norris said she asked jahar if she could call his mother . `` he flatly said , ' no , do n't call her . ' `` he made friends in high school , and a core group got together regularly for `` bro nights '' during their freshman year at the university of massachusetts dartmouth , two young women testified . they smiled at tsarnaev from with witness stand , but while he seemed generally more animated in court , he maintained his usual flat expression . `` he was loyal , fun , laid-back , '' said classmate tiarrah dottin . she said she had no idea he was listening to jihadi songs or watching al qaeda videos on his laptop . she bowed her head and wiped tears from her eyes as she stepped off the witness stand and took a seat in the audience . alexa guevara testified that tsarnaev `` was private about his family , '' and did not discuss politics or religion with her . she said when he spoke about the future he said he planned to transfer to the university of massachusetts amherst and study marine biology . he was a supportive friend , she added . `` he encouraged me to go to art school , '' she said . she showed him her sketches , and he thought they were good . `` he said i had talent and should n't let it go to waste . i should go to art school and do what made me happy . it made me feel really good , like somebody believed in me , '' she said . she ended her testimony with a memory of one of the last times she saw tsarnaev and the `` bros. '' it was march 2013 , during spring break of their sophomore year . they went out to eat and then drove to a spot by the charles river . `` jahar went over to his car , and he got a backpack and there were fireworks inside , '' she recalled . `` he set one up and ignited it . it did n't work . the second one did work . we were all whooping and hollering . jahar was jumping through the firework itself . he was being really silly . '' she sobbed as court recessed for the day , and her cries could be heard in the hallway outside the courtroom . boston marathon terror attack fast facts . cnn 's aaron cooper , ray sanchez and cameron tankersley contributed to this report .