( cnn ) a white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man . a police chief supports the police officer , who is ultimately exonerated , and a predominantly black community seethes with rage because it knows that an injustice was done . we 've seen this movie before . spoiler alert : cop gets away with it . routine stops for walking in the middle of the street or driving with a broken taillight -- these should not result in anyone 's death . but time and again it ends with a black man dead in the street and the community has no recourse . this time the stage was set in north charleston , south carolina , a city of about 100,000 people . walter scott was stopped by officer michael slager for a broken taillight , and within minutes scott was dead . according to the incident report , slager said : `` shots fired , and the subject is down . he took my taser . '' his attorney at the time , david aylor , said that slager `` felt threatened and reached for his department-issued firearm and fired his weapon . '' but then came the video . we watched in horror as we saw slager shoot scott in the back multiple times . then we saw slager pick up something from one location and place it near scott 's lifeless body . on tuesday , the officer was arrested on murder charges . north charleston police chief eddie driggers told reporters , `` i have watched the video , and i was sickened by what i saw . '' apparently so was slager 's attorney , who announced after the video was made public that he was no longer representing the officer . after the video became public , the officials in north charleston deftly handled the situation . however , it was an easy case . there is no plausible evidence that slager feared for his life when scott is seen running away . in ferguson , the video we have in the death of michael brown is of press conferences with police chief tom jackson , who refused to release the police officer 's name , but did release a video that appeared to show michael brown stealing cigars . we have the video of the military weapons deployed by the police in ferguson that were trained on its residents and the press . the world seethed . north charleston 's police force is about 80 % white , with a population of 47 % black and 37 % white in the city . ferguson 's police force is 94 % white ( only three of the 53 police officers are black ) , and the city is 67 % black and 29 % white . both north charleston and ferguson have police forces that are not representative of the population they serve , yet because of a video north charleston 's police force got in front of the story . i 'm not sure north charleston gets here without learning something from the mistakes of ferguson . i have heard many commentators say the north charleston shooting does n't have anything to do with race . i do n't buy it . i wonder how many whites in north charleston with broken taillights get pulled over ? being pulled over for driving while black is a well-known phenomenon , which i discuss in my `` critical race theory '' casebook . racial profiling by slager could have been the catalyst for scott being pulled over in the first place . yes , the north charleston officials behaved differently than the officials in ferguson . i do n't think it 's because race had nothing to do with it . it is that perhaps the north charleston officials are better than those in ferguson when it comes to racially charged situations -- especially given the instructive fallout from brown 's shooting . and , of course , the video . it remains to be seen whether slager will be convicted of murder . strange things can happen in a jury room . recall how the rodney king videotape allowed a simi valley , california , jury to acquit the los angeles police officers , but a federal jury later convicted the officers of violating king 's civil rights . what a video proves can sometimes be in the eye of the beholder .