( cnn ) just eight months ago , a young woman named fatu kekula was single-handedly trying to save her ebola-stricken family , donning trash bags to protect herself against the deadly virus . today , because of a cnn story and the generosity of donors from around the world , kekula wears scrubs bearing the emblem of the emory university nell hodgson woodruff school of nursing in atlanta , where she 's learning skills she can take back home to care for her fellow liberians . `` it 's a surprise -- a young child like me who came from a very poor background coming to the u.s. , '' she said . `` i 'm thankful to cnn and i appreciate the people who made donations , and i 'm thankful to emory for accepting me to study . '' at emory , kekula has asked for special training on certain skills , such as caring for burns , a common type of injury because children in liberia sometimes fall into the open fires used for cooking . one of her instructors , kelly fullwood , said kekula 's an excellent student who has taught her teachers a thing or two about how to do procedures without costly equipment , as she 's been forced to do in liberia . `` she fascinates me every day , '' fullwood said . `` she gets nursing . she gets what it 's about . '' kekula , 23 , was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in liberia when ebola struck and her mother , father , sister and cousin came down with the disease . hospitals were full and no doctors would visit her home , so with just advice from a physician on the phone , kekula took care of all four of her relatives at the same time . all but her cousin survived -- a high success rate considering that at the time , about 70 % of ebola patients were dying in liberia . kekula could n't continue her nursing education in liberia , because the schools had closed . a cnn story about kekula in september prompted donations from around the world to iam , an organization that raises money to help african natives pay for education . david smith , an associate dean at emory 's nursing school , said they accepted kekula because they were struck by how both she and emory each treated four ebola patients at around the same time last year -- and emory had dozens of doctors and nurses and millions of dollars in technology while kekula had nobody and nearly no supplies . stop ebola where it starts . `` it was obvious to us that this woman was intelligent and strong and fearless , '' he said . kekula is scheduled to return to liberia in august . `` these things that i have learned here i am going to take back to my fellow nurses , '' she said . `` i love to care for people . i love to save lives . '' extraordinary people .