( cnn ) a man charged with planning the deadly 2008 mumbai terror attacks in india has been released on bail in pakistan after years of detention , prompting sharp criticism from india . zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi , a top leader of the terrorist group lashkar-e-taiba , was released early friday from a jail in the pakistani city of rawalpindi , according to yahya mujahid , spokesman for jamaat-ud-dawa , a group with which lakhvi is affiliated . lakhvi was charged in pakistan in 2009 , accused of masterminding the november 2008 terror attacks that left more than 160 people dead in mumbai , india 's most populous city . lakhvi still faces trial in the case . but an anti-terrorism court granted lakhvi bail last year , a decision the pakistani government said it would challenge . that challenge lasted until thursday , when the lahore high court ordered his release , cnn affiliate and pakistani outlet geo news reported . lakhvi posted bail totaling 2 million pakistani rupees ( more than $ 19,000 ) , according to geo news . india , pakistan 's neighbor and rival , condemned lakhvi 's bail release on friday . the country contacted pakistan 's foreign secretary to underline `` that this has reinforced the perception that pakistan has a dual policy on dealing with terrorists , and those who have carried out attacks or are posing a threat to india are being dealt with differently , '' said syed akbaruddin , a spokesman for india 's ministry of external affairs . the accusation that pakistan might treat india differently highlights long-running tensions between the two nuclear-armed neighbors , which have fought three wars against each other since their partition at the end of british colonial rule . pakistan 's foreign office responded friday by saying , `` it would not be proper to cast aspersions on pakistan 's commitment to countering terrorism at a time when pakistan has entered a critical stage of defeating the menace of terrorism . '' the foreign office also blamed what it said was india 's delay in cooperating in the case , saying it `` weakened the prosecution . '' in the mumbai attacks , heavily armed men stormed landmark buildings around mumbai , including luxury hotels , the city 's historic victoria terminus train station and a jewish cultural center . india executed the last surviving gunman from the attacks in 2012 . other suspects were all killed during the series of attacks , which went on for three days . more about the mumbai attacks . cnn 's harmeet singh contributed to this report .