( cnn ) as thousands of south africans took to the streets of the city of durban to rally against violence and xenophobia , an online community has joined the protests . the marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives . during the protest march thursday , twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns . # peacemarch and # saynotoxenophobia were some of the most popular . south african police services said more than 10,000 people attended the march , including civil rights groups and nongovernmental organizations . hashtags are now pouring out of south africa . but many are asking , some via twitter , is it enough to fight # xenophobia ? attacks this week in durban alone have killed two immigrants and three south africans , including a 14-year-old boy , authorities said . for south african tim flack , tweeting was n't going to make a bit of difference . flack , who lives in cape town , has brought allegations of hate speech and human rights violations against zulu king goodwill zwelithini , who he said referred to foreigners as `` lice '' and has said `` they should pack their bags and go . '' `` people listen to him , '' flack said . `` he is a monarch . the zulu people in south africa take him very seriously , they do n't question what he says . '' flack said he was motivated to make the allegations after seeing multiple complaints about xenophobic violence on social media and thinking they were n't enough . so he filed a complaint with the south african human rights commission , and then tweeted about it . `` the activists sit around feeling accomplished because they retweeted five times , '' flack said . `` i want to reach people who see that they can lay a charge and it wo n't cost them anything , but i will have done something to change the country and push it into a better state of being . '' now , the human rights commission must decide whether to investigate flack 's allegations against the king , who denies fueling any violence . flack hopes others will also make complaints . flack added that zulus are n't the only people in south africa who share in the xenophobic sentiment . `` people are frustrated and unemployed , and people in south africa pay foreign nationals a lot less , '' he said of the tension between nationals and immigrants . `` a domestic worker would ask for 250 rand a day to clean a house , whereas a foreign national would ask for 150 rand , so it causes resentment . '' imtiaz sooliman , founder and chairman of the gift of givers foundation in durban , does n't think most south africans are against foreigners . `` south africans are against xenophobia , '' said sooliman , who insists the majority of the country is providing an overwhelming amount of support for foreign nationals . gift of givers has been administering assistance at five refugee camps set up by the south african government that now hold roughly 8,000 foreign national refugees , he said , passing out things like clothing and hygiene packs . the organization posts its work at the camps online and tags it on social media with # xenophobia . why ? `` in south africa , everyone knows xenophobia , '' sooliman said , `` and the way a disaster agency works is we post what people understand . so if you say # tsunami or # war , people follow it . so here , people say # xenophobia , and they all know what it is -- it is a disaster , so you are going to post what people understand . '' he said south africans also have been going to the camps , which are on sports fields with makeshift tents , bringing cooked food and other necessities . `` this is different from what happened in 2008 , '' sooliman said . that year , scores were killed in attacks in the poorest areas of johannesburg . most of the victims were zimbabweans who had fled repression and dire economic circumstances . sooliman said that along with the government strongly condemning the violence , community engagement is happening now as it never happened before . it is a kind of national unity that can be best summed up with another hashtag that has emerged from this story : # weareafrica . only time , or , tweets will tell if it works .