( cnn ) the leader of yemen 's houthi rebels vowed not to back down on sunday as a top saudi military official claimed weeks of airstrikes had significantly weakened the shiite group . `` our fighters will not evacuate from the main cities or the government institutions , '' rebel leader abdul-malik al-houthi said in a televised address . `` anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming . '' his comments came after more than three weeks of saudi-led coalition bombings aimed at pushing back the houthis , who surged into the capital of sanaa in january and ousted president abdu rabu mansour hadi from power . hadi still claims he 's yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with the saudis and other allies to return to his country . since mid-march , more than 700 people have been killed in violence that shows no sign of slowing , according to figures from the world health organization . the houthis say they have the support of the country 's people behind them . `` it 's the right of the yemeni people to stand against the attacks in all possible means as long as the attacks continue , '' al-houthi said sunday . `` after our people move and react against the attacks and killing of children and women , we do not want to hear any voices and cries . '' but there are signs of some fracturing among forces loyal to former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh , many of whom have fought alongside the rebels . gen. abdulrahman alhalili , who leads more than 10,000 troops , has now allied himself with hadi , military sources said sunday . meanwhile , saudi brig . gen. ahmed asiri said sunday that airstrikes had decimated the houthis ' central command by targeting their communications . the rebels , he said , are now holding a defensive stance in besieged areas . since it began the campaign known as operation decisive storm on march 26 , the saudi-led coalition has launched 2,300 airstrikes , asiri said . after hours at sea , chaos and desperation in yemeni city . cnn 's don melvin and christine theodorou contributed to this report .