( cnn ) a south african university is celebrating the removal of a british colonialist 's statue after weeks of protests . university of cape town students took to social media to demand cecil rhodes ' statue come down , saying his legacy is tainted with racism . using the hashtag # rhodesmustfall , students expressed their views in a campaign that started last month . four weeks later , the hashtag is now # rhodeshas fallen . the university said wednesday the heritage authority granted it permission to remove the statue from the campus . `` these steps are being taken to ensure the safety of the statue while matters concerning its future are resolved , '' the university said in a statement . rhodes ' statue was first unveiled in 1934 at the university , which also has a scholarship and memorial in his name . # rhodesmustfall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue in march . `` he represents the former colonial representation of this country -- supremacy , racism , misogyny , '' says ramabina mahapa , president of the students ' representative council , which led the fight to remove the statue . `` students are saying these are n't the ideals that we want to have here , '' mahapa says . `` the statue represents what is wrong with society . '' but in pretoria , another group of protesters disagreed . `` this is n't confronting history , this is erasing it , '' says steve hofmeyr , a singer who participated in a campaign thursday that involved activists chaining themselves to the paul kruger statue in response to # rhodeshasfallen . days earlier , kruger 's statue was pelted with green paint . the afrikaner is known for his opposition to the british . afrikaner groups also chained themselves to the statue of dutch colonizer jan van riebeeck in cape town . `` i do n't want fewer monuments , '' hofmeyr says . `` i want more monuments erected . but do n't defile the ones that exist -- we are the sum total of all the history , not just the fun parts . '' mahapa said removing a statue should n't be equated with removing history . `` people down the years will be looking at the statue and at his history and what he did , '' mahapa says . `` we need to be moving toward becoming an afrocentric university where african thought can be appreciated . '' hofmeyr said the statue is a race issue . `` there are huge gaping differences between people in south africa and that is why you need dialogue , which you ca n't have without its monuments and statues , '' he says . students marked the removal of rhodes ' statue with a celebratory march . they held signs that said `` we 're not done yet . '' with the statue removed , some asked what 's next for the movement .