( cnn ) on may 28 , 2014 , some 7,000 people gathered in a stadium in china 's northwestern xinjiang region . but they had not come to watch the local football team or any other grand sporting event . instead , the authorities paraded scores of prisoners dressed in orange jumpsuits . armed soldiers guarded the exits . in the patently unfair , open air trial that followed , 55 people were found guilty of a range of offenses linked to violent attacks in the region and jailed . three were sentenced to death . the public mass sentencing was part a china 's `` strike hard '' campaign against unrest in xinjiang , a campaign the government claims was launched to combat `` terrorism '' and `` separatism . '' but it was also indicative of a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world -- governments using the death penalty in a misguided , and often cynical , attempt to tackle crime and terrorism . today , amnesty international releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide . much of it makes for grim reading . in pakistan , the government lifted a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians in the wake of the horrific taliban attack on a school in peshawar in december . more than 60 people have been put to death since , and the government has threatened to send thousands more death row prisoners to the gallows . iran and iraq executed people for `` terrorism , '' and other countries expanded the scope of capital crimes in their penal codes . in a year when abhorrent summary executions by armed groups were branded on the global consciousness as never before , governments are themselves resorting to more executions in a knee-jerk reaction to terrorism . other countries made use of executions in similarly flawed attempts to address -- or appear to address -- crime rates . jordan ended an eight-year moratorium in december , putting 11 murder convicts to death , with the government saying it was a move to end a surge in violent crime . in indonesia , authorities announced plans to execute mainly drug traffickers to tackle a public safety `` national emergency . '' six people have already been executed this year . a sharp spike in death sentences recorded in 2014 -- up more than 500 on the previous year -- can also be attributed to governments using the death penalty as a political tool . the rise was largely because of developments in egypt and nigeria , where courts imposed hundreds of death sentences in the context of internal political instability or crime and armed conflict . the simple fact is that governments using the death penalty to tackle crime and security threats are deceiving themselves or the public or both . there is no evidence that the threat of execution is more of a deterrent to crime than a prison sentence , as united nations and other studies have repeatedly confirmed . it is high time that world leaders stop using the death penalty as an easy way out when times get tough . at amnesty international , we have campaigned for an end to the death penalty for decades . thankfully , most of the world now appears to agree with us . the numbers speak for themselves . in 1945 when the united nations was founded , only eight countries had abolished the death penalty . today , 140 states are abolitionist in law or practice . last year , we recorded executions in 22 countries , down by almost a half from 20 years ago . despite the troubling developments we recorded last year , there was still much good news to be found . the number of executions recorded around the world dropped significantly in 2014 compared with the previous year , from 778 to 607 . this number does not include china , where more people are put to death than the rest of the world put together , but with death penalty statistics treated as a state secret , the true figure is impossible to determine . executions were recorded in only three countries in sub-saharan africa -- equatorial guinea , somalia and sudan -- and the number of people put to death went down by more than a quarter . the americas continued to be execution-free , apart from the united states . those governments that still execute need to realize that they are on the wrong side of history . they must join the vast majority of countries which have dropped the ultimate cruel punishment . fighting for an end to the death penalty remains an uphill task , but all of us must try to make the world free of this punishment . with determination , i know that we can achieve this goal .