( cnn ) the bizarre circumstances surrounding freddie gray 's death have inflamed tensions across the country . how could a man suffer a severe spinal cord injury after getting arrested ? and what happened in the 30 minutes before he was taken to a hospital ? gray wavered in and out of a coma and died sunday , one week after his arrest . it 's not clear how he suffered the spinal cord injury . but gray is far from the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances after he was already in custody . here are several other cases : date of arrest : march 31 , 2015 . date of death : march 31 , 2015 . what happened : police in vineland , new jersey , responded to a call of a disorderly person , and white was arrested and handcuffed . police dispatch recordings include an officer saying white `` tried to grab my gun . '' one witness , agustin ayala , told the vineland daily journal that white was resisting arrest . but two others told wcau that police attacked white while he was already handcuffed . `` they punched him , stomped him , kicked him and then they let the dog out of the car , '' ricardo garcia told the station . `` the dog bit him on his face and around his body . there 's no call for that . once a man is handcuffed and unconscious , you should have stuck him in the patrol car and take him to the police station . '' witness luis martinez gave a similar account . `` the other cop let the dog out , and they just kept punching him and the dog kept biting him at the same time , '' martinez told wcau . `` he was on the floor , like he was knocked out . '' as white was taken to a hospital , he became unresponsive , nj.com reported . he was pronounced dead at the hospital . the aftermath : the cumberland county prosecutor 's office has been investigating white 's death , and officials have been waiting for the results of white 's autopsy to learn the exact cause of death , nj.com said . two vineland officers have been placed on administrative leave . and after vineland police received criticism on its facebook page about white 's case , the department started hiding unfavorable comments , the press of atlantic city reported . an activist filed an open public records act request , saying the department 's official facebook page was a matter of public record . vineland police later restored the critical comments on its page . date of arrest : march 2 , 2014 . date of death : march 2 , 2014 . what happened : sheriff 's deputies in new iberia , louisiana , claimed white shot and killed himself in the back of a squad car -- even though white had been frisked and handcuffed . `` short of him being houdini or david copperfield , it 's not possible , '' white family attorney carol powell-lexing said . the incident began when authorities were responding to a fight in a gas station parking lot . about six blocks from the store , an iberia parish deputy saw white and stopped him , state police said . according to the service report from the sheriff 's office , cpl . justin ortis received no description of the men involved in the fight . he was told only that they were black , `` and one of the males mentioned having a gun , '' the report said . white consented to a pat-down , and ortis found marijuana in his pocket . attorney benjamin crump said that detail makes the official narrative even more suspicious . `` if you pat someone down and you can feel a small package of marijuana , would n't you feel a gun ? '' he said . state police said once white arrived at the police station , he refused to get out of the patrol car . `` as the deputy requested assistance from other deputies , white produced a handgun and fired one round , striking himself in the back , '' state police said . white was pronounced dead at a local hospital . the aftermath : an autopsy concluded white 's death was a suicide -- but said he was shot in the chest , not in the back , like police had said . the autopsy report also said white was `` reportedly in a locked patrol car with his hands handcuffed behind him when officers heard a shot and found the decedent slumped over . '' state police have handed over their investigation to prosecutors , who said a decision wo n't be made until a federal civil rights investigation wraps up . date of police encounter : july 5 , 2011 . date of death : july 10 , 2011 . what happened : officers in fullerton , california , were responding to a call about a homeless man looking into car windows and pulling on handles of parked cars . video of the incident showed thomas , who was schizophrenic , slow to cooperate . fullerton police officer manuel ramos then tells him : `` you see my fists ? they 're getting ready to f -- - you up . '' thomas , who is unarmed and shirtless , stands and another officer walks over . they hit him with their batons and hold him on the ground as he begs for help . `` ok , i 'm sorry , dude . i 'm sorry ! '' he screams . at one point , thomas says he ca n't breathe . the officers tell him to lie on his stomach , put his hands behind his back and relax . toward the end of the beating , the video shows , thomas cries out for his father : `` dad ! help me . help me . help me , dad . '' by the end of the video , he is lying in a pool of blood . the aftermath : the orange county coroner ruled thomas ' death a homicide and said he died after having his chest compressed , leaving him unable to breathe . thomas ' mother , cathy thomas , received a $ 1 million settlement from the city of fullerton . officer ramos was charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter , and cpl . jay patrick cicinelli was charged of involuntary manslaughter and felony use of excessive force . both pleaded not guilty . in 2014 , a jury acquitted both ramos and cicinelli . date of arrest : september 6 , 2013 . date of death : september 7 , 2013 . what happened : azucena was arrested after running a red light and leading los angeles police on a chase . over the next half hour , azucena repeatedly said he had asthma and could n't breathe , the los angeles times reported . officers continued ignoring him . `` help me , help me , help me , '' he said , according to a report by the los angeles board of police commissioners . `` i ca n't breathe . i ca n't breathe . help me , please . '' `` you can breathe just fine , '' one sergeant told him , according to the times . `` you can talk , so you can breathe . '' he did n't breathe for much longer . azucena was so weak that officers had to carry him to a station 's holding cell for booking and left him face-down on the floor , the times reported . by the time paramedics arrived , azucena 's heart had stopped . the aftermath : a coroner concluded that asthma probably killed azucena and that his death was an accident . last month , the los angeles city council unanimously agreed to a $ 1.35 million settlement for azucena 's mother , the times said . the investigation into the officers ' actions is ongoing . date of arrest : november 19 , 2013 . date of death : november 19 , 2013 . what happened : an officer in durham , north carolina , was taking huerta to the police station for a second-degree trespassing violation . the durham police department said the teen died from a self-inflicted gunshot while handcuffed in the back of the squad car . durham police chief jose lopez said gunshot residue tests were conducted on huerta and the arresting officer , and the north carolina state bureau of investigation `` found that huerta was wearing gloves and that his gloves had a saturation of gunshot residue on it . officer ( samuel ) duncan 's revealed that he had no gunshot residue on his hands . '' but huerta 's family , like victor white 's family in louisiana , suspect foul play by police . the aftermath : hundreds of protesters took to the streets of durham to decry huerta 's death . some carried banners that read , `` fue matado por la policia '' or `` murdered by police . '' a vigil for huerta turned violent , with six people arrested . the police chief said that as a hispanic , he had trouble believing the allegations among the hispanic community that durham police unfairly target latinos . cnn 's eliott c. mclaughlin and nick valencia contributed to this report .