delhi ( cnn ) an international human rights group is calling for an independent investigation of the killings by police of 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers in southeastern india . `` there must be a criminal investigation to determine whether the police used excessive force , and whether the killings amount to ' fake encounters , ' or staged extrajudicial executions '' , said abhirr vp , of amnesty international india . `` the police are not above the law , and must not be treated like they are . '' those responsible should be brought to justice , according to amnesty . `` lethal force should not be used except when strictly unavoidable in order to protect life , '' vp said . a police official , deputy inspector general kantha rao , declined comment wednesday , saying an `` investigation is still going on . '' the incident in question took place early tuesday in india 's southeastern andhra pradesh state . forest officials near the town of tirupati spotted hundreds of smugglers cutting trees for red sandalwood , rao said tuesday . the forest officials , who were unarmed , called for police . `` we saw several trees chopped down , '' rao said said . `` these guys came prepared and were heavily armed . '' rao said that the ensuing gun battle lasted more than three hours and 20 smugglers were shot . many of them came from the neighboring state of tamil nadu , he said . amnesty international said the police were claiming self-defense , alleging the suspects attacked them with stone and axes . `` however , no police official was injured , '' the amnesty statement said . `` most of the suspected smugglers were shot in the back . '' according to amnesty , india 's national human rights commission has said the incident `` involved a serious violation of human rights of the individuals , '' and that `` the opening of firing can not be justified on the ground of self defense since it resulted in the loss of lives of 20 persons . '' the commission has asked senior government and police officials to explain the actions of the police and forest officials within two weeks , amnesty said . police said sandalwood smuggling is common in the area . local media are reporting that politicians from tamil nadu have lodged a protest against the andhra pradesh government , saying the alleged smugglers were murdered in cold blood . kunal sehgal in delhi contributed to this report .