( cnn ) let 's start with a pop quiz ( space junkies can skip this test ) . true or false , mercury is : 1 ) the planet closest to the sun in our solar system . 2 ) so hot that water could n't possibly exist there . 3 ) something used in old-style glass thermometers . 4 ) a planet you do n't think about very often . answers : true , false , true ( but not what we 're talking about in this story ) and i 'm guessing no . 4 is true too . if you flunked the test , it might be because mercury ( the planet ) suffers from bad ( or very little ) press . or , maybe it 's just bad lighting . mercury orbits about 35,983,125 miles from the sun . compare that to earth -- we 're about 93 million miles from the sun . mercury 's closeness to the sun makes it hard to see except at dawn and twilight . this may be one reason we do n't think about it much . venus , on the other hand , the planet between earth and mercury , appears to be the brightest planet in the sky . it 's so bright it 's been mistaken for an airplane . pilot sends plane into dive after mistaking venus for oncoming plane . but back to mercury . it 's getting some attention from the media now because it 's about to get a visitor . the nasa spacecraft messenger ( an acronym for mercury surface , space environment , geochemistry , and ranging ) is about to crash onto mercury . the probe was launched in 2004 and traveled more than six and a half years before it started orbiting mercury on march 18 , 2011 . now , messenger is running out of fuel and nasa says it will hit the planet 's surface at 8,750 mph ( 3.91 kilometers per second ) around april 30 . you wo n't be able to see it hit because messenger will crash on the side of mercury facing away from earth . there 's no way to save the spacecraft , but mission operators at the johns hopkins university applied physics laboratory ( apl ) in laurel , maryland , have been doing what they can to delay the inevitable . they 've been using the little bit of fuel left on board to maneuver the spacecraft to keep it in orbit . they 'll do one final maneuver on friday , april 24 . `` following this last maneuver , we will finally declare the spacecraft out of propellant , as this maneuver will deplete nearly all of our remaining helium gas , '' mission systems engineer daniel o'shaughnessy said at a recent media briefing . `` at that point , the spacecraft will no longer be capable of fighting the downward push of the sun 's gravity . '' but rather than mourn the loss , scientists held a briefing to celebrate the mission 's success . `` for the first time in history we now have real knowledge about the planet mercury that shows it to be a fascinating world as part of our diverse solar system , '' said john grunsfeld , associate administrator for the science mission directorate at nasa headquarters in washington . one of messenger 's big findings : it sent back data indicating that ice in mercury 's shadowed polar regions , if spread over an area the size of washington , would be more than two miles thick , nasa said . it also took some amazing photos of the planet . so the messenger mission is ending , but scientists say they 'll be busy for years studying data from the probe . and if you want to see mercury with your own eyes , you may be in luck if you can find an area with dark skies . it will be visible in the night sky just before dusk until about the end of may . your favorite astronomy website will have some helpful guides . here are a few we found : • earthsky.org . • astronomy . • sky and telescope . • stardate .