( cnn ) freddie gray was arrested baltimore police on the morning of april 12 without incident , according to police . less than an hour after he was detained , officers transporting him called for a medic . he subsequently slipped into a coma , dying a week after his initial arrest . so what happened ? the events surrounding gray 's encounter with police remain unclear . to shed light on what happened , police released a more detailed timeline of events on monday , and officials speaking at a news conference elaborated on specifics of the events . `` we want to clear up some of the confusions that may exist , '' baltimore deputy police commissioner jerry rodriguez said . `` we will be looking specifically at our actions from the point that we came into contact with mr. gray up until the time we requested medical assistance -- specifically , did we miss any warnings ? should we have acted sooner ? should we have acted in any different manner ? '' this is what police say occurred : -- - 8:39:12 a.m. , sunday , april 12 . at the corner of north avenue and mount street in baltimore , a police officer makes eye contact with two individuals , one of them gray . both individuals start running southbound as officers begin pursuing them . 8:39:52 a.m . one unit ( officer ) says `` i got him '' at 1700 presbury street , two blocks south of north and mount . 8:40:12 a.m . an officer says we 've got one and confirms the address of 1700 presbury , where gray gave up without the use of force , according to rodriguez . one officer took out his stun gun but did not deploy it , he said . 8:42:52 a.m . gray asks for an inhaler . police request a `` wagon '' to transport him . 8:46:02 a.m . the van 's driver says he believes gray is acting `` irate '' in the back , according to rodriguez . 8:46:12 a.m . at the corner of mount street and baker street , an officer asks the vehicle driver to stop so they can finish paperwork . at that point , gray is placed in leg irons and put back in the wagon . police interviewed several witnesses in the community with regard to that specific stop , rodriguez said . the videos that were filmed by bystanders show events similar to what rodriguez describes happens at this point . 8:54:02 a.m . the wagon clears mount street and heads southbound towards central booking . 8:59:52 a.m . the van 's driver asks for an additional unit to `` check on his prisoner [ gray ] , '' rodriguez said . another individual is arrested and a wagon is requested . before the wagon leaves , there is `` some communication '' with gray , according to rodriguez . they then travel to the police cepartment/s western district with gray and the other suspect in the wagon . the two are separated by a metal barrier and the two had no physical contact . 9:24:32 a.m . a medic is called . -- - an autopsy on gray 's body was done on monday , according to rodriguez . he said there was no evidence that force was used against gray , nor did any officers describe using any force against him . `` when mr. gray was placed inside that van , he was able to talk , he was upset , and when mr. gray was taken out of that van he could not talk and he could not breath , '' rodriguez said . `` i know mr. gray suffered a very traumatic injury , but i do n't know if it happened prior to him getting into the van or while he was in the van . ''