kathmandu , nepal ( cnn ) more than 4,600 people dead . more than 9,000 injured . eight million affected across nepal . one million children urgently in need of help . those are the startling numbers that indicate the scale of the devastation from the huge earthquake that struck the himalayan nation on saturday . and some of the grim figures are likely to get even worse as hopes of rescuing any more survivors diminish every hour . heartbreaking scenes of suffering and loss are playing out across this shell-shocked nation as it reels from its deadliest natural disaster in more than 80 years . as the country coped with the fallout of the quake , another natural disaster struck tuesday afternoon in a popular trekking area north of kathmandu , and up to 200 people were feared missing as a result of a landslide , a trekking association official said . it happened around 4 p.m. in langtang national park , said ramesh dhamala , president of the trekking agents of nepal . laxmi dhakal , spokesman for nepal 's home ministry , said he was aware of reports about the landslide but was n't immediately able to confirm details . quake relief efforts continued tuesday , but officials warned that they were hampered by problems of getting aid into the country and then delivering it to some of the remote communities in desperate need . in kathmandu , a capital city of shattered temples and toppled houses , some people paid their last respects to loved ones taken by the quake . by the bagmati river , which winds through the city , more than a dozen funeral pyres burned monday . as workers stoked the flames for the hindu cremation ceremonies , some mourners shaved their heads in a traditional show of mourning from children who lose their parents . alongside their father , two teenage brothers from the gurung family , ishan and iman , said goodbye to their mother , ishara . `` we never imagined this would happen to us . this much pain , '' said ishan , the elder of the two . elsewhere in the city , many shaken residents are sleeping in the open . some have lost their homes , others are afraid to stay in buildings that may be vulnerable to aftershocks . large encampments of tents have sprung up in open areas , including a wide space belonging to the military in the center of the city that is typically used for parades . one of the grand gates to the field is now just a pile of rubble . kisnor raj giri , a 22-year-old man from kathmandu who lost members of his extended family in the quake , said he was too scared to return home . he is camping out at the military grounds with thousands of others even though frequent rain has made the nights an ordeal . `` many people are crying , sharing their hardships , '' he told cnn on monday evening . the elements showed no mercy to the homeless masses on tuesday as thunderstorms rumbled over kathmandu . more bad weather is forecast for the region in the coming days . but in one piece of good news , turkish and chinese rescue crews helped pull free a 21-year-old man trapped under rubble near a city bus park in a 13-hour rescue operation . houses and families ripped apart by earthquake . the death toll has now climbed above 4,600 in nepal , officials said tuesday evening , as rescue and relief efforts continue . nepal army lt. col. a. j. thapa told cnn 's sumnima udas that the first 72 hours after the earthquake is the time when the most lives can be saved . `` this is not the time to rest and lament , '' he said . `` this is the time to go out and save lives . '' thapa said an entire military post was lost during an avalanche . `` remember we are not an outside force that has been parachuted into an area to help , '' he said . `` we are victim ourselves . ... despite the fact that soldiers have their families and houses are down , we are trying to build morale , maintain morale and help themselves . '' thapa said it was fortunate that the quake struck during daylight on a weekend . `` children were not trapped in big schools somewhere and lot of people were outside because it was daytime , '' he said . dhakal , the home ministry spokesman , put the death toll at 4,620 , while nepal 's national emergency coordination center said the number of dead was 4,727 . both sources gave the number of people injured as 9,239 . another 72 people died in india , while china reported 25 deaths . most of the casualty numbers in nepal are believed to have come mainly from kathmandu and the surrounding area . they are expected to climb as information emerges from remote areas . `` we have incomplete information , but we apprehend the death toll will go up , '' nepalese information minister minendra rijal told cnn earlier on tuesday . `` we can not say by how much exactly . '' the news agency reuters cited prime minister sushil koirala as saying that the toll could reach 10,000 and that the country was `` on a war footing '' in its rescue and relief work . in a live , televised address to the nation , the prime minister said the country had been stunned by the disaster and announced three days of national mourning , starting tuesday . the government 's first priority is to continue search and rescue operations and relief efforts , he said , as he thanked all those involved . historic and religious monuments destroyed by the earthquake will be reconstructed in time , he added . at least 90 % of 96,000 nepali army troops have been deployed in relief and rescue operations , according to nepal army spokesman jagadish chandra pokharel . more than 15 countries and agencies have already promised help , koirala said , as he appealed for other nations also to come to nepal 's aid . even as international aid pours into the country , overwhelmed hospitals are lacking vital medical supplies , people remain buried in the wreckage of buildings and rescuers are struggling to reach hard-hit rural areas near the quake 's epicenter . `` the biggest problem is reaching these villages , '' matt darvas , an emergency communications officer for the humanitarian group world vision , told cnn from gorkha district , northwest of kathmandu . nepal struggles to cope with international aid . nepali home ministry joint secretary sagar mani parajuli , who is coordinating relief efforts , said government efforts to get aid to remote areas had been hampered by rugged terrain and poor weather , which limits the use of helicopters . `` the helicopters are small . they do n't fly in windy and cloudy conditions . given nepal 's geographical terrain , we can not use surface transport much but are using it , '' he said . `` we need 150,000 tents and tarpaulins , but we do n't have enough of them . '' jamie mcgoldrick , the u.n. resident coordinator for nepal , told a news conference tuesday that bringing in relief materials has been difficult because kathmandu 's international airport , which has just one runway and space for only a limited number of aircraft to park , is log jammed . the united nations is aware of the request for tents , he said , but is working to procure high quality ones to withstand the expected monsoon rains . of the 8 million people affected by the quake across 39 districts of nepal , some 1.4 million need food aid , mcgoldrick added . nepal 's population is about 31 million . at an event in paris , u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon expressed his condolences to the people of nepal and called the humanitarian needs `` huge and urgent . '' `` the united nations is supporting international operations for search and rescue and strengthening relief efforts , '' he said . `` i count on the generosity of the international community in nepal 's hour of need and the longer term rebuilding efforts that will be needed . '' a cnn team that joined a nepalese military helicopter flight to dhulikhel , a rural area east of kathmandu , saw extensive damage in the kathmandu valley from the air , including many landslides . on landing , the team went to a hospital where all the injured from six surrounding districts are being brought . more than 1,000 people are currently in the hospital -- three times its usual capacity -- so some of the injured are being left out in the streets . social media posts from nepal . darvas of world vision said he had been told of frightening levels of damage in villages in the region surrounding gorkha district , which is near the earthquake 's epicenter . they included one where 35 out of 45 homes were destroyed and another where 70 % of the houses had collapsed , trapping and crushing the people inside , most of them children and the elderly . even though aid groups and nepalese officials are aware of critical situations in areas spread across nepal 's mountainous terrain , they face daunting challenges getting help to them . `` some of those villages -- several years ago , before there was vehicle transport -- used to take seven days to reach . roads are shut now to some of those villages , so we can only imagine how long it will take to get there , '' darvas said monday . he said injured people who had been airlifted from some remote areas were often suffering from crush injuries , lacerations and dislocations . looking for missing loved ones in nepal ? cnn ireport wants to help . unicef , the u.n. children 's agency , said sunday that nearly 1 million nepalese children urgently need assistance . aid groups and at least 16 nations rushed aid and workers to nepal , with more on the way . high-altitude rescue efforts have also been undertaken on the difficult terrain of mount everest , where the earthquake released deadly avalanches . four u.s. citizens are among those who died on everest , according to officials and relatives . damage to climbing infrastructure on the mountain , not to mention the overall situation in nepal , means the climbing season is over for the year , climber jim davidson told cnn from the everest base camp , where he was evacuated after spending two days on the mountain . china has canceled all climbs on its side of the mountain , the official news agency xinhua reported . are you in nepal or do you have loved ones affected ? please share with us if you are in a safe place . how to help the earthquake victims . fast facts on earthquakes . cnn 's ivan watson and tim hume reported from kathmandu ; cnn 's jethro mullen wrote and reported from hong kong , and laura smith-spark wrote from london . cnn 's elizabeth joseph , pamela boykoff , manesh shrestha , sumnima udas , kristie lu stout , anjali tsui , kunal sehgal and ingrid formanek also contributed to this report .