( cnn ) hillary clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election . although she has watched her standing in the polls sag in recent months , there is likely to be a boost in the days that follow the announcement . for democrats , there is ample reason to be excited about clinton 's run for the presidency . she is certainly one of the strongest candidates in many decades . she brings to the table extensive political and policy experience , a combination of skills that is often lacking . she has been through some of the roughest partisan wars and emerged stronger than ever before . she has a keen sense about the nature of the modern news media , how to use it to her advantage and how to survive scandal frenzies . she is a hardened , tough partisan who will not shy away from republican attack . americans have many positive memories of clinton name , given the booming economy of the late 1990s during bill clinton 's presidency . if hillary clinton puts together an effective campaign , she could be unbeatable in the democratic primaries as well as in the general election . however , during the buildup to her final decision , some of her weaknesses have also been exposed . clinton does n't want to end up like vice president al gore in 2000 . although he did relatively well in the final election ( with many americans believing that he did actually defeat george w. bush ) he did n't generate much energy once the campaign started . although he too was touted as a `` perfect '' candidate who was the ideal person for the job , something seemed stiff and inauthentic when he actually hit the trail . he seemed to freeze when the television cameras were rolling . gore had trouble connecting with voters , and he seemed to remake his image constantly . his biggest asset ended up being that he was viewed as the inevitable nominee , rather than what he actually stood for . clinton must avoid following gore 's path . she suffered this fate in the 2008 primaries and ca n't afford to do so again . she needs to do more than rest on the perception that her candidacy is inevitable and on her record of experience . that is not enough . more important is for her to put forth an exciting vision about what she would stand for in the white house . voters thirst for signs of greatness when they pick their presidents , even if they are savvy enough to understand that the reality of a polarized washington will probably limit her ability to achieve bold change . a recent story in the washington post suggests that her advisers are aware of this potential liability . after the announcement , they are going to avoid big rallies and events and instead concentrate on smaller events where she will meet with voters directly in states such as iowa and new hampshire . clinton also will have to contend with doubts about her authenticity . in his first day on the campaign trail , sen. rand paul immediately tapped into these concerns by raising questions about whether she could be trusted . that question has dogged the clintons ever since they came onto the national political scene in the late 1980s . their greatest virtue , their immense skills as politicians , has often come back to haunt them . bill clinton was attacked as `` slick willie '' by members of both parties for the perception that he would say anything to win and hillary clinton has faced similar criticism . when she tried to distance herself from her vote for the use of force in iraq , many democrats did n't buy her critique of president george w. bush 's foreign policies and went for barack obama instead . when she conducted her `` listening tour '' of new york before running for the senate , many voters saw it as a manufactured effort to hide the fact she was running for office as an outsider . when she explained that there was nothing to the recent stories about her use of a private email server rather than her state department email , some felt that even if the story was relatively minor it indicated that she was n't always telling us what she was really about . even if she is n't hiding anything , she often gives that appearance . during the next few months , clinton will also have to connect with her party 's base . the ongoing speculation about sen. elizabeth warren of massachusetts has suggested that the most active part of the democratic party is not that enthused with clinton 's candidacy . while they will probably vote for her , they are not very motivated and do n't trust that she will stand for democratic values . she will need to address these concerns , not through her style but through her agenda . voters will want to hear her talking about issues such as tougher financial regulation and policies to diminish economic inequality as well as her positions on race and policing . she will also need to make clear that she has heard voters on being too hawkish about going to war and give clear indications about how she would handle a nuclear agreement with iran . clinton will also have to contend with the gender bias that still exists in the electorate at large . without any doubt she will be subject to questions and comments -- about her appearance , for instance -- that wo n't be aimed at male candidates . part of her candidacy is itself an effort to break down these remaining vestiges of political sexism . but the struggle will be tough . finally , and this relates to the last challenge , clinton will have to contend with her husband . to be sure he can be an immense force on the campaign trail , one of the most compelling democrats of our generation . but he can also be liability . as she learned in 2008 , bill clinton is not always easy to control . when he speaks his mind , as he did in dismissive comments about obama 's candidacy , it can often work against her . the fund-raising records of the clinton foundation will also raise questions about conflict of interest , and ongoing stories about his personal life , as was the case when monica lewinsky returned to the media a few months ago , could re-emerge on the campaign trail . whether that is fair or not is beside the point : everything is fair game on the modern campaign trail . hillary clinton has the potential to be a hugely successful presidential candidate . but she and her campaign team will need to address the multiple questions and weaknesses that have become clear in recent months .