washington ( cnn ) chief justice john roberts is back in the spotlight . roberts -- who shocked conservatives nearly three years ago by providing a pivotal vote to uphold obamacare -- once again faces a judicial crossroads in a historic case . the u.s. supreme court will hear oral arguments tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have the constitutional right to marry . the question at the core of obergefell v. hodges is one of the most consequential debates of the early 21st century , and one that is already helping to shape the 2016 presidential race . appeals courts nationwide have moved decisively toward supporting same-sex marriage , but a split at the appellate level helped propel the issue to the nation 's highest court , led by roberts . appointed to the bench by president george w. bush , roberts has a solid conservative record and would seem an unlikely vote to support a constitutional right to same-sex marriage . he dissented in united states v. windsor , a landmark case in which a narrowly divided court struck down a key provision of the defense of marriage act , which denied federal benefits to lawfully married same-sex couples . and he 's expressed sympathy with legal arguments that would allow same-sex marriage bans . yet both sides see the case as a legacy-making moment for the 60-year-old chief justice , and advocates for same-sex couples hold out hope that he will emerge as their ally . they will be scrutinizing his words and actions tuesday for clues about how he 'll vote -- and whether he will upset some conservatives once again . `` if the windsor majority votes in favor of marriage equality , the ruling will be one of the most momentous decisions of the roberts court , '' said judith e. schaeffer of the constitutional accountability center , which is advocating for same-sex marriage . `` will john roberts want to be remembered as having dissented from such a historic decision ? '' for some conservatives , a vote in favor of same-sex marriage in the case would be a huge disappointment . it would be akin to the type of betrayal they felt when justice david souter , who was nominated to the bench by george h.w . bush and who retired in 2009 , consistently voted with the liberals or when justice anthony kennedy , a ronald reagan appointee , disappointed them on earlier gay rights cases as well as abortion and the death penalty . or when roberts infuriated conservative allies by providing the crucial fifth vote to uphold obamacare on the grounds that the law is a constitutional use of the government 's taxing authority . the hope in conservative circles is that roberts will see his legacy as ensuring that the issue of same-sex marriage gets decided by the people , not the courts . `` the chief surely knows that his job is to be on the right side of the constitution , '' said edward whelan , president of the ethics and public policy center . `` blatherings about the ' wrong side of history ' are an appeal to intellectual cowardice . '' those hoping that he will vote to uphold the state bans see a strong signal in the windsor case . in his majority opinion , kennedy said the `` principal purpose '' of the defense of marriage act was to `` impose inequality . '' roberts disagreed . he wrote separately to say he thought congress acted constitutionally when it passed the law in 1996 in an attempt to provide `` uniformity and stability '' at a time when every state defined marriage as between a man and a woman . roberts picked up on kennedy 's language that emphasized the states ' power to define the marital relationship and said that power will someday `` come into play on the other side of the board in future cases about the constitutionality of state marriage definitions . '' david cruz of the university of southern california gould school of law said that roberts could use that reasoning to vote in favor of state bans in the obergefell case . `` roberts is suggesting that concerns about the powers of states will support state laws excluding same-sex couples from marriage , '' cruz said . indeed , the lower court that upheld the marriage bans in michigan , tennessee , ohio and kentucky in the obergefell case relied heavily on the argument that states have a right to define marriage . another clue to roberts ' thinking in the windsor dissent is that he took particular issue with any notion that the defense of marriage act was passed out of a desire to harm -- noting it had the support of majorities in both the house of representatives and the senate as well as president bill clinton , who signed it into law . `` i would not tar the political branches with the brush of bigotry , '' roberts wrote . the comments suggest he would reject an argument in the obergefell case that rested on the idea that same-sex marriage bans reflected animus against gay people . but backers of same-sex marriage are reading some tea leaves of their own . schaeffer points out that roberts did n't join the parts of the dissents penned by justices antonin scalia , clarence thomas and samuel alito , which clearly stated a belief that state bans on same-sex marriage do n't violate the constitution . `` roberts did n't join them in expressing those views , '' schaeffer said . at the time , roberts simply wrote that the court `` does not have before it , and the logic of its opinion does not decide '' whether states can ban same-sex marriage . schaeffer said the chief justice could have simply chosen to remain silent on an issue that was n't before the court . `` but i think one reasonable explanation is that roberts was preserving a clean slate for himself on the ultimate issue of marriage equality , '' she said . the defense of marriage act decision overshadowed another 2013 case -- hollingsworth v. perry -- that could have determined whether states could ban same-sex marriage . the case concerned a challenge to california 's proposition 8 , a state constitutional amendment that barred same-sex couples from marriage . but roberts , writing for the majority , dismissed the case , holding that the challengers did not have the legal standing to bring it to the court . the ruling left in place a lower court decision that had invalidated proposition 8 and thus paved the way for same-sex marriage in california . roberts ' lesbian cousin , who lives in california , sat in the courtroom during arguments in the prop 8 case . few people predicted that the issue would return so quickly to the supreme court , but waves of lower court judges -- sometimes citing windsor -- struck down the state bans . on the first day of the term last fall , the court was presented with seven different petitions on the issue . conventional wisdom was that the justices would garner the four necessary votes and grant one of the cases . but conventional wisdom was completely wrong . without comment , the court declined to take up any of the cases , clearing the way for thousands of additional same-sex marriages . the court 's vote count in such decisions is kept a secret and may never be known . but some speculate on one possible scenario : roberts chose not to provide the fourth vote to the conservatives who dissented in windsor . then again , even if the speculation were true , it does n't reveal much about roberts ' thinking . there 's a big difference between voting not to take up a case , which expresses no opinions on the merits , and issuing an opinion on the merits . and even when roberts ' actions -- such as effectively allowing same-sex marriage to proceed in california -- seem to suggest a willingness to consider such unions nationwide , his comments along the way make it much harder to gain insight into his ultimate thinking . `` when the institution of marriage developed historically , people did n't get around and say , ' let 's have this institution , but let 's keep out homosexuals , ' `` roberts said during the proposition 8 oral arguments . `` the institution developed to serve purposes that , by their nature , did n't include homosexual couples . ''