( cnn ) we want our killers to be kind . to walk into court and show remorse , tell us that they are really nice people who only did it because they feared for their lives , or they were temporarily insane . even though those things may not be true , too often they are accepted as legitimate excuses for murder . well , aaron hernandez , the former new england patriots tight end and now convicted murderer , made none of those excuses . he walked into court with an air of bravado , his head held high like the $ 40 million , nfl superstar he was just a couple of years ago . several times he was even caught winking at his fiancee , shayanna jenkins , during the trial . and we did n't like his swagger . hernandez did n't offer a plausible alibi . he did n't look ashamed or remorseful . he never wept . his own attorney , james sultan , admitted that hernandez `` witnessed '' the killing of odin lloyd , `` committed by somebody he knew , '' but said his client did not commit the crime . even before the guilty verdict came down wednesday , for many -- at least those covering the trial -- audacity seemed to be the defendant 's biggest crime . `` the arrogance of aaron hernandez , '' a new yorker headline accused . i do n't get it . what does it matter that hernandez was arrogant in court , or walked with too much swagger , or even smiled at his girl ? like it or not , that is who he is . the evidence is what matters . and for once , this time it appears the jury carefully considered the damning mountain of circumstantial evidence against this defendant and came to the right decision : guilty of first-degree murder in the 2013 slaying of odin lloyd . hernandez , 25 , was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole . he was also found guilty of unlawful possession of a firearm and unlawful possession of ammunition . it was the right decision . still , it 's hard not to feel sadness over such a senseless waste of life for both lloyd and now hernandez , who were once friends . football was the best thing hernandez ever had , especially after he father died suddenly after a routine hernia surgery in 2006 . hernandez was 16 . after that his life got complicated . at 17 , hernandez went off to the university of florida and seemed headed for greatness . there he won the john mackey award as the nation 's best tight end and led the team in receiving during its 2009 bowl championship series win . but off the field , his life was to beginning to unravel . trouble started : bar fights , reports of marijuana use and failed drug tests . he was even questioned in relation to a shooting after a fight at a gainesville , florida , nightclub . by the time he was drafted in 2010 by the new england patriots , hernandez had already been labeled a `` troubled player . '' but neither the patriots nor the nfl has anything to be ashamed of in how they handled the hernandez case . they did everything right this time . hours after hernandez was charged with murder , he was let go from the team . and his coaches did n't spend any time trying to convince the public that their star tight end was a decent , family-loving guy , as the league has done too many times in the past when its players got in trouble . this time justice worked . there 's no reason to second-guess what went wrong , to ask `` how could a star nfler be a murderer ? '' the nfl for the most part does a great job vetting its players , and certainly hernandez is an anomaly in the league , where despite the ugly headlines , the overwhelming majority of players are upstanding , law-abiding citizens . and patriots bashers ( me included ) would be mistaken to try to find fault with the team for drafting hernandez despite his troubled past . no one really knows what evil lurks in the hearts of others , even those closest to us . not the mothers whose sons go off and commit schoolyard killing sprees , or wives whose husbands gun down innocent people , and certainly not employers who are mostly concerned about performance on the job . there was no way to predict hernandez would end up a murderer . he was a guy who had all the talent and opportunity in the world , but he still went wrong . hernandez himself may have explained it best as he was being taken out of the courtroom : according to a law enforcement source close to the case , hernandez told officers escorting him , `` ' hey man , i 'm going to miss you guys . ... i do n't need any luck any more . ' he gave you the impression , ' it 's kinda like no big deal . ... it is what it is . ' ``