( cnn ) robert bates says he gets it , how you might wonder how a cop could confuse a pistol for a stun gun . bates -- the tulsa county , oklahoma , reserve sheriff 's deputy accused of manslaughter in the death of a fleeing suspect -- told nbc 's `` today '' show friday that he used to think that , too . `` believe me , '' he told the show in his first appearance since being charged in the april 2 death of eric harris , `` it can happen to anyone . '' harris died after bates shot him -- accidentally , he says -- after calling out `` taser ! taser ! '' in a tussle captured on a police body camera . bates told investigators that he mistook his firearm for the stun gun . how easy is it to confuse a gun for a taser ? while bates is at the center of the maelstrom over harris ' death , he is n't the only one under scrutiny . the oklahoma naacp wants charges against other officers involved in harris ' death , and a state and federal investigation into the tulsa county sheriff 's office 's treatment of minorities . the sheriff 's office also finds itself fending off allegations that supervisors were told to forge bates ' training records . in his interview friday with `` today , '' bates said he had the documentation to show he had completed the necessary training required of reserve deputies . `` that is absolutely the truth . i have it in writing , '' he told the show . and on thursday , a sheriff 's office official denied to the tulsa world newspaper that any records had ever been forged . as an advanced reserve deputy , sheriff 's office policy calls for bates to have completed 480 hours of the field training officer program , according to the tulsa world . bates would also have needed firearms certification training . officials have yet to locate records showing what training bates completed , said maj. shannon clark of the sheriff 's office . but clark did say it 's possible that some training requirements may have been waived . sheriff stanley glanz has the authority to waive any department policies , clark said . `` the policies within our organization are signed off by the sheriff , but there are also policies that give the sheriff the ability to waive any policy within our organization . that 's part of being a sheriff 's office , '' clark told the newspaper . glanz told kfaq radio this week that officials ca n't find records of bates ' firearms certification . the instructor who provided that training is now a u.s. secret service agent , and officials have n't been able to locate training records she was supposed to have turned in , glanz told the station . other discrepancies have surfaced about training that bates claims to have attended , including questions about active shooter and homicide investigation instruction . tulsa world reporter dylan goforth said the paper had been told by multiple sources that bates ' records had been falsified . the newspaper has not said who allegedly asked the supervisors to falsify the training records or why . but the orders apparently started years ago , `` back when ( bates ) was trying to get on as a deputy , '' reporter ziva branstetter told cnn 's `` new day . '' bates has donated equipment to the department and was also a donor to glanz 's re-election campaign , leading to allegations he had essentially paid to be a cop . he rejected that claim in the `` today '' interview as `` unbelievably unfair . '' bates ' attorney , clark brewster , also has rejected the allegations of poor training or forgery as unfounded . he said those making the accusations include fired sheriff 's office employees represented by the law firm that also represents harris ' family . `` his training is extensive and certainly adequate , '' brewster told cnn on thursday . bates appeared on the `` today '' show with his wife , two daughters and brewster . he seemed composed but said he was still might be in shock over what had happened . `` i can tell you it stayed with me for a number of days , '' bates said . `` i 'm not at all sure it 's not still with me today . lack of sleep , inability to concentrate , all of those plus more . you know , i still ca n't believe it happened . '' in describing the events leading up to harris ' death , bates said he was parked several blocks away from the site where an undercover deputy was conducting a sting operation to catch harris in the act of illegally selling a gun . bates said he had participated in `` several hundred '' such operations but always in a backup role where he would come in and `` clean up '' after deputies , taking photos and notes . but as deputies rolled up to arrest him after the sale , harris bolted from the vehicle and ran toward bates ' position . as deputies were trying to subdue harris , bates told investigators he saw an opportunity to use his stun gun to help get the suspect under control . `` i yelled , ' taser ! taser ! ' as required in training . the deputy below me ducked , he pulled away from it so that i could , '' bates said . `` the laser light is the same on each weapon . i saw the light and i squeezed the trigger , '' bates told `` today . '' the result was not the staccato click of a well-deployed stun gun . instead , it was a gunshot . `` i shot him ! i 'm sorry ! '' bates is heard emotionally saying on video of the incident . bates apologized to harris ' family , who have rejected allegations he was violent and on drugs . harris ' brother , andre harris , said this week that he did n't think the shooting was racially motivated . instead , he said , `` this is simply evil . '' but bates , who is charged with second-degree manslaughter , said he did n't mean to kill harris . his attorney has called it an `` excusable homicide . '' `` i rate this as no . 1 on my list of things in my life that i regret , '' said bates , who is free on $ 25,000 bail .