los angeles ( cnn ) former rap mogul marion `` suge '' knight pleaded not guilty thursday to murder and all other charges related to a fatal hit-and-run incident in january in compton , california . his attorney asked the court to further reduce knight 's bail , now set at $ 10 million , but los angeles county judge ronald coen denied the request . the judge lowered knight 's bail earlier this month , to $ 10 million from $ 25 million , after defense lawyers called the $ 25 million figure excessive for the circumstances . knight faces one count of murder for the death of terry carter , one count of attempted murder in the case of cle `` bone '' sloan , who was maimed in the incident , and one count of hit-and-run . knight , 49 , faces up to life in prison if convicted . he is accused of running over the two men during an argument . in court testimony earlier this month , sloan , 51 , declined to identify knight as his attacker because sloan does n't want to be a `` snitch '' who sends knight to prison , according to cnn affiliates kabc and ktla . prosecutors offered sloan immunity , but he still refused to testify against knight during the preliminary hearing , the affiliates reported . the deadly incident occurred about 11 miles south of downtown los angeles on january 29 , after a flare-up on the set of the biopic `` straight outta compton , '' a film about the highly influential and controversial rap group n.w.a . at the time , knight was out on bail in a separate robbery case . the alleged argument spilled over to the parking lot of tam 's burgers in compton . the hit-and-run was captured on videotape , which shows knight inside a red truck . in the video , the truck pulls into the entrance of the compton restaurant and is approached by sloan , who was working security at the site . the two men appear to talk for a few moments , with knight still in his vehicle . suddenly , the vehicle backs up , knocking sloan to the ground . while still in reverse , the truck moves out of range of the security camera . the vehicle is then seen zooming forward , back into camera range , running over sloan a second time , and then running over the second man , carter , a former rap music label owner . carter , 55 , later died . knight 's attorney matthew fletcher has argued that knight was the victim and was only defending himself against sloan , whom the defense attorney accused of possessing a gun at the time . fletcher added that knight 's defense was to stand his ground . the incident is the latest run-in with the law for knight , who founded the wildly successful death row records in 1991 and signed artists such as snoop doggy dogg ( now known as snoop lion ) and tupac shakur . knight was driving the car in which shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in las vegas in 1996 . shortly afterward , knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions . that prison time -- along with shakur 's death , feuds between knight and a number of rappers , and desertions by dr. dre , snoop and others -- contributed to the label 's bankruptcy in 2006 . in august , knight and two other people were shot while inside a celebrity-filled sunset strip party hosted by singer chris brown on the eve of the mtv video music awards .