hong kong ( cnn ) an impressive art collection assembled by the late actress and hollywood icon , lauren bacall , has officially been offered for purchase . the collection , which includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century , went under the hammer in new york on march 31 , following a tour of hong kong , paris , london and los angeles . bacall , who died in august 2014 at the age of 89 , first shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film , `` to have and have not . '' that was also when the husky-voiced starlet met her future husband , humphrey bogart . at the recent 2015 golden globes , george clooney paid tribute to the silver screen queen in his award winning speech . `` i do n't remember what awards lauren bacall won , i just remember her saying : ' you know how to whistle , do n't you steve . you just put your lips together and blow . ' '' said clooney , referring to one of her most legendary lines from her first movie . the 750-piece collection , which fetched a total of $ 3.64 million , featured bronze sculptures , jewelry , and a number of decorative arts and paintings , which were sold at bonhams auction house in new york . `` her collection is truly a reflection of her extraordinary taste and remarkable life , '' said jon king , bonhams ' vice president . among the 50 items highlighted in the auction preview were six bronze maquettes by henry moore , britain 's greatest 20th century sculptor and one of bacall 's favorite artists , whom she developed a close relationship with . one of them sold for close to $ 120,000 . also for sale were some of bacall 's most loved jewelry pieces , created by legendary french designer jean schlumberger , most known for his work at tiffany & co . a rose diamond camel brooch by british jeweler elizabeth gage fetched $ 23,750 and was accompanied by the original drawing and correspondence from the designer , which shows the close-knit relationship bacall had with gage . the wide-ranging collection was expected to appeal to a variety of collectors : fine arts and antiques dealers , fans of lauren bacall and humphrey bogart , as well as memorabilia enthusiasts . most of the items auctioned come from the apartment in new york 's dakota building that she shared with her second husband , actor jason robards , until 1969 . but king said fans of humphrey bogart would have been pleased to know some of the items were also from their shared residence in los angeles . king , who got to know bacall in her late years , said the collection reflects the actress ' eclectic taste , and there was only one principle she applied to collecting : `` everything had to kind of speak to her , to catch her eye . she loved form , she loved texture , she loved color . and she loved mixing it all up . she said that when you walked into her house , what she liked was that it was never boring , '' king said . `` you could walk into the same room a hundred times , and see something new every time . ''