( cnn ) jamal al-labani had hoped to bring his pregnant wife and 2-year-daughter back to the united states from war-torn yemen . but the gas station owner never made it on a flight back to his home hayward , california . family members have identified him as a victim killed in mortar strike last week in the southern yemeni city of aden . he is believed to be the first u.s. citizen killed in the current violence in yemen . early tuesday evening , the 45-year-old al-labani was on his way back from mosque prayers when he was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell , his family said . he died minutes later . violence quickly escalated in yemen soon afer al-labani arrived in february . `` when he got ( to aden ) , after a few weeks he noticed things were starting to get bad and then the ( u.s. ) embassy closed , '' his cousin mohammed alazzani told cnn . for the past three weeks , al-labani had told family members he was concerned about not being able to evacuate as the situation deteriorated in the country , according to his cousin . more than 200 people have been killed in aden in the past 11 days , according to naef al bakri , aden 's deputy governor . two days before al-labani was killed , he told his family the last option was to try to cross the border into oman and fly to egypt , but he never made it . `` the airports got closed and things got worse and worse , '' alazzani told cnn by phone . `` people were hoping things would get better , but they only got worse and worse . '' yemen has been rocked by violence and political turmoil for months . houthi rebels -- minority shiites who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority sunni country -- forced yemeni president abdu rabu mansour hadi from power in january , placing him under house arrest and taking over sanaa , the country 's capital . hadi escaped in february , fled to the southern city of aden and said he remained president . he fled to saudi arabia last month as the rebels and their military allies advanced on aden . now the violence is intensifying as saudi arabia and other arab nations target the rebels in yemen with airstrikes . yemeni-americans are trapped in the conflict , but have n't gotten enough help from the u.s. government , the council on american-islamic relations told cnn sunday . zahra billoo , a spokeswoman for the advocacy group , said it 's helping al-labani 's family and the families of other yemeni-americans . `` all of these other governments , russia , china , ethiopia , india ... they have all been evacuating their citizens . so to say that it 's impossible for the u.s. to evacuate their citizens is difficult to grasp , '' billoo said . responding to the criticism , the u.s. state department told cnn that there are no current plans to evacuate private u.s. citizens from yemen . `` we encourage all u.s. citizens to shelter in a secure location until they are able to depart safely . u.s. citizens wishing to depart should do so via commercial transportation options when they are available , '' a spokesman for the state department told cnn in a statement . `` additionally , some foreign governments may arrange transportation for their nationals and may be willing to offer assistance to others . '' yemeni-american advocates think more could be done . `` there have been travel warnings to yemen for a few years now . what 's not clear is , are they saying ' be cautious ' or ' do n't go at all ' ? '' billoo asked . `` it still it does n't sit well with many of us civil rights lawyers who believe that u.s. citizenship should be the ultimate protection . '' fierce fighting continued across yemen on sunday amid an electrical blackout in parts of the country and political moves that could further fracture the already divided military . intense airstrikes hit sanaa overnight . senior security officials in the yemeni capital said the airstrikes targeted the military intelligence headquarters and the defense ministry 's central command , military bases and missile depots . the blasts at the military compounds , which are inside the city , shattered the windows of many homes nearby . meanwhile , some 16 million yemenis living in provinces under control of houthi rebels , including sanaa , remained without power after an electrical blackout that began saturday night . in the country 's south , the houthis remain in control of aden 's port and other strategic holdings , including the state broadcaster . the international committee of the red cross said sunday that saudi arabia has signed off on the delivery of medical supplies and personnel to yemen , where the organization had warned that time was running out to save those wounded in airstrikes and ground fighting . cnn 's devon sayers , carma hassan , jennifer deaton , vasco cotovio , jason hanna , ben brumfield , samira said and catherine e. shoichet contributed to this report .