( cnn ) thousands of syrian and palestinian refugees trapped in the yarmouk refugee camp have suffered what can only be described as untold indignities . but while the story is in itself tragic , it is the individual lives at the heart of the camp that make the imperative for humanitarian action so compelling . i encountered two such individuals on my mission to damascus -- jihad and mohammad -- tiny , vulnerable infants who were taken from yarmouk in recent days , a place that was described last week by the u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon as `` the deepest circle of hell . '' the fact that they are alive truly make them miracle children . looking into those bright young faces , touching their pristine hands , the logic of our humanitarian mandate -- the mission to protect -- never felt stronger to me . like the wider syrian conflict , yarmouk has a human face ; the faces of young mohammad and young jihad . i want to introduce you to them in the hope that you , too , will understand why i am firmly convinced that turning away is not an option -- and why the international community must act in a concerted manner to respond to the many tragedies in syria . jihad ya'qoub , the youngest palestinian refugee to flee yarmouk , was born on march 30 . his mother , said fatima , never imagined bringing a child into this world could be so tough . `` i was hoping to drink milk and eat eggs during my pregnancy , but our financial situation did allow us to buy these expensive food items , '' she said . said fatima was living in a community where the average person survived on just 400 calories a day . mohammad was born in yarmouk on january 25 of this year . when isis -- islamic state of iraq and syria -- entered the camp and tensions heightened , his mother , nadia , fled in search of safety . her only thoughts were to save the life of her newborn son . yet she has not lost hope in the possibility of a dignified future . she hopes that if and when life returns to normal , she will be able to live once more with her husband and son in the family home in yarmouk . these tales of courage and human dignity are a lesson for us all . when i next brief the security council , as i did a few days ago , i will tell them about jihad and mohammad . i will continue to press the case for humanitarian access to other children like them inside yarmouk , other civilians who need help where they are . to do this , hostilities will have to subside . pressure must be exerted on armed actors in yarmouk to this end . beyond that , those civilians wishing to temporarily leave must be allowed to do so safely . these things are all possible . but it takes the necessary political will -- nothing more , nothing less . yarmouk must be a place where the politics of the possible begin to take hold . i believe they can . because to abandon such belief would be to abandon jihad , mohammad and thousands of other civilians like them . and that is simply not an option .