( cnn ) kanye west has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted -- and the two have shaken on it . the photographer , daniel ramos , had filed the civil suit against west after the hip-hop star attacked him and tried to wrestle his camera from him in july 2013 at los angeles international airport . west pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle . a judge sentenced him to two years ' probation , as well as anger management sessions and community service . ramos and his lawyer , gloria allred , sought general and punitive damages in the civil suit , saying that west had interfered with the photographer 's rights to pursue a lawful occupation . the case had been set for trial next week , but allred issued a statement tuesday night saying ramos ' side had filed a dismissal `` because the case was settled to the satisfaction of the parties . '' she did n't disclose the details of the settlement other than saying that `` one important aspect of it was an apology by kanye west to our client , daniel ramos . '' her statement included a picture of west and ramos shaking hands , which she said happened after the apology . the original incident was caught on video , including the following exchange . `` kanye ! kanye ! talk to me , kanye ! '' ramos shouts outside a terminal at the los angeles airport on the night of july 19 , 2013 . `` what 's ' going on ? why ca n't we talk to you ? i mean , why ? '' he asks as west moves through a group of paparazzi . `` now come on , kanye , i do n't want to fight with you , '' he says as west advances toward him . `` i told you , do n't talk to me , right , '' west says . `` you 're trying to get me in trouble so i step off and have to pay you like $ 250,000 . '' west is then seen rushing the photographer and attempting to wrestle his camera from his hands . west retreats after about 15 seconds of scuffling with the photographer . `` we believe that this case sent an important message , '' allred said . `` celebrities are not above the law , and they have no right to physically attack someone simply because they were asked a question . '' beverly hills police investigated an incident in january 2014 in which west was accused of assaulting a man at a beverly hills chiropractor 's office . west avoided criminal charges by reaching a civil settlement with the man . kanye west apologizes to beck , bruno mars . cnn 's sonya hamasaki contributed to this report .