( cnn ) laying down tracks for their debut album in the recording studio in los angeles , iman hashi , 25 and her sister siham , 27 could not be further from their hometown of mogadishu . the sisters were born in the somali capital but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991 . along with their parents , the girls relocated to canada as refugees where during their teens they discovered a passion for music . heading south to la by way of atlanta , the singing sisters with a bold flair for fashion are now embarking on a musical journey , gearing up to unleash their afro-pop sound to the world . cnn 's african voices caught up with the sister act -- known collectively as faarrow ( combining the translation of their names into english -- iman means `` faith '' and siham means `` arrow '' ) to talk about music , aspirations and somalia . cnn : hi guys , thanks for chatting with me today . what are some of your musical influences ? iman : we love michael jackson , lionel richie -- stuff my mom would listen to and play -- and the spice girls . we used to die for the spice girls . i love new artists now but i do n't know if it 's a nostalgia , but i remember ... my mom used to pump whatever -- mariah carey , whitney houston . cnn : you are working on your debut album now -- how 's that been ? siham : we 've been working with elijah kelley -- he 's actually an actor . he was in `` hairspray , '' `` the butler , '' and most recently he was in the george lucas animation , `` strange magic . '' that 's what he 's more known for but his first passion is music . he 's an incredible producer , writer and singer . i just felt like he was always the missing piece . he brought everything together . cnn : so now that you 've found your `` missing piece , '' how would you describe your sound ? siham : our music before was experimenting with afrobeat sounds but now it 's more of a fusion ( of what ) we are inspired by . it 's pop with undertones of hip hop and rhythmic african percussion . it 's a fusion of everything . cnn : and do you guys write the songs as well ? siham : the entire album was pretty much ( written and produced ) by me , my sister and elijah . and when we signed we already had a lot of those songs already done . warner brothers records is really great in that way that they already loved what we were doing and let us do our own thing . cnn : what are you listening to right now ? siham : oh my god , there 's so many ! iman : sia with `` chandelier . '' siham : i really love this new song -- i do n't know if iman is going to agree with me -- but his name 's lunchmoney lewis , it 's called bills ; i love it . cnn : as well as your music , you both work with the u.n. high commissioner for refugees ( unhcr ) -- how did you start your humanitarian work ? iman : ever since we were kids we wanted to help somalia , we always talked about it . but we were like `` what can we physically do ? '' we were doing some research and we called our mom and she said ' you know you still have family over there . there 's a refugee camp in kenya and your great uncle and his kids live in a refugee camp . ' and we did some research about dadaab refugee camp , it 's a massive camp that has taken in sudanese refugees , somali refugees , rwandan refugees -- pretty much anywhere there was a conflict . everybody fled to dadaab . in the beginning ( it was ) pure advocacy talking about it on twitter and facebook . cnn : but then you decided to `` up your game '' as it were ... iman : yes , then we started a non-profit and we 'd do small benefit concerts in toronto and in san diego -- wherever there was a big somali community we would do outreach but all we had was our singing , working with unhcr in a capacity as a spokesperson . we headlined world refugee day at the kennedy center , as well as the nansen awards twice in geneva . we felt like this platform of singing -- the bigger it gets , the more we can do . siham : we obviously love fashion so we wanted to do our own socially conscious brand so we 've been making these bracelets and necklaces called `` wish creatively . '' wish stands for `` women internationally selling hope . '' we wanted to do a socially conscious brand where we sell these bracelets where it goes back to projects in kenya or somalia with women providing them with a sustainable income . cnn : so what 's next for you two ? siham : we 're actually in the mixing process right now . we still have a few ( tracks ) to finish up but the majority of the album is pretty much done . we want to turn it in as soon as possible so they can put together a rollout plan and get ready for the first single to drop . iman : i do n't feel like we ever lost that feeling like we 're creative spokespersons for our generation as well as for somalia . i feel like now because we followed our dreams it 's like ' they 're not just refugees anymore . ' we do n't have to become doctors so we can one day give back to somalia and help rebuild -- it 's such a beautiful dream but not ours . in our culture , anything creative is not really respected or appreciated . but i feel like now but even with our new deal we 're still trucking along . i feel like we inspire people . read this : nigerian soul singer nneka is back ! read this : angelique kidjo takes no prisoners . more from african voices .