hong kong ( cnn ) chinese president xi jinping and indian prime minister narendra modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world 's two most populous nations . and one is particularly vocal about making his mark on history . when india successfully placed a spacecraft into orbit around mars last year , modi reveled in the moment . `` history has been created today , '' he said . `` we have dared to reach out into the unknown and have achieved the near impossible . `` the success of our space program is a shining symbol of what we are capable of as a nation . '' soon after the galactic feat , he took to the stage at new york 's famous madison square garden and received a welcome so rapturous that jon stewart called him `` america 's first modi . '' and all along , modi has issued his call to `` make in india , '' encouraging companies all over the world to manufacture their products in india where there is a vast talent pool and low-cost production . while modi 's india is out to put its economy on the fast track , china 's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth . president xi is managing the slowdown with efforts to boost domestic spending , while cracking down hard on corruption . and it 's been predicted that india could outpace china as the world 's fastest growing economy as soon as this year . so is the world 's largest democracy primed to overtake the world 's biggest single party state as the next economic miracle ? opinion : what india can learn from china . not so fast , says china watcher and india today correspondent ananth krishnan . `` china is still pulling away from india , '' the beijing-based reporter said . `` if india grows 7.5 % this year and china grows 7.4 % , i think it makes a good headline . but i think people should n't get carried away about what it means in terms of a gap between china and india . '' china 's economy may be slowing down but india faces a longer list of economic challenges including higher unemployment , chronic inflation and an overwhelming lack of basic infrastructure . `` in terms of education , having access to different resources , and job creation , china has done well . it has progressed far better compared to india , '' said infosys china ceo rangarajan r. vellamore . `` even though there is free movement across the country ( in india ) , the paradox is there are a lot of basic issues related to access to water and basic education . '' in a recent budget , the modi government announced plans to boost infrastructure spending as well as cut taxes on businesses among other initiatives to spur economic growth . but despite modi 's big pro-business push , india simply ca n't size up against china 's raw economic might . `` after 30 years of dedicated efforts in building china into a manufacturing powerhouse , it would take a long time for india to build that kind of manufacturing capability , '' said haiyan wang , managing partner of the china india institute . `` it 's not just about lower labor costs . you have to have a complex industry cluster of supply chains . you have to have the knowledge . you have to have the skills . you have to be connected to the international market , '' she said . `` so when you ask if india could compete with china , i do n't think that is going to be happening -- not in the next 20 years . '' the indian elephant may be charging ahead , but the sinewy dragon has the muscle to stay ahead . china has the capacity , the connectivity , and the capital to throw its weight around . and being a single party state with no free elections , xi can march toward a long-term goal without fretting about the next election . but that 's not to say the autocracy has the advantage on all fronts , especially when it comes to winning hearts and minds in the region . `` even if china is putting money into the asian infrastructure investment bank ( aiib ) and the silk road fund , it is also building airstrips on reclaimed islands on the south china sea , '' said krishnan . `` there no question that india 's rise is far less threatening than china 's rise . '' with the 1962 border dispute still vividly remembered by many in india , the impression of china as a threat stands in the way of further economic integration between the two countries . `` if you look at india 's seven northeastern states , which are probably in the most dire need of infrastructure , it 's inconceivable for any of those states to allow a chinese company to come and build roads , '' said krishnan . so when modi touches down in beijing next month for his second meeting with xi , can both leaders cast aside areas of political tension to get down to business ? `` as pragmatic as president xi is , as pragmatic as prime minister modi is , economic integration is going to happen regardless of 100 % trust or not , '' said haiyan wang . eased by the pragmatism of two ambitious leaders , the elephant and the dragon could together leap at the opportunity for a strong economic alliance . `` if these two countries come together , 40 % of the world 's people are going to be prosperous , '' said vellamore . `` if they are able to come together , there can be a new kind of world order in the entire region which is going to benefit all of asia . '' it 's a moment for both leaders to make a lasting mark on history .