( cnn ) former new england patriots star aaron hernandez will need to keep his lawyers even after being convicted of murder and other charges in the death of odin lloyd . the 25-year-old potentially faces three more trials -- one criminal and two civil actions . next up is another murder trial in which he is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a boston nightclub in july 2012 . prosecutors have said hernandez fatally shot daniel de abreu and safiro furtado when he fired into their 2003 bmw . another passenger was wounded and two others were uninjured . hernandez pleaded not guilty at his arraignment . the trial was originally slated for may 28 , but jake wark , spokesman for the suffolk county district attorney 's office , said wednesday the trial had been postponed and no new date had been set . `` we expect to select a new court date in the coming days and then set the amended trial track . the suffolk indictments allege two counts of first-degree murder for the july 16 , 2012 , shooting deaths of daniel de abreu and safiro furtado in boston 's south end ; three counts of armed assault with intent to murder and one count of assault and battery by means of a dangerous weapon for shots fired at three surviving victims ; and one count of unlawful possession of a firearm , '' he said . the families of de abreu and furtado filed civil suits against hernandez , and a judge froze his $ 5 million in assets , pending the outcome of the double-murder trial . the freeze includes the disputed $ 3.3 million signing bonus payment hernandez claims he is owed by the new england patriots . hernandez is also being sued by a man who claims hernandez shot him while they were in a limousine in miami in february 2013 . alexander bradley claims the then-new england patriot tight end wounded him after the two got into a fight at a miami strip club . in a lawsuit filed four months later , bradley said hernandez fired at him during a limo ride after leaving the club and that hernandez intentionally `` possessed a gun which he was not legally licensed to have . '' hernandez 's lawyers have argued he could n't defend himself properly while on trial in massachusetts . there was no criminal charge in the case . and then there is the grievance over unpaid bonus money filed by the nfl players union on behalf of hernandez , who signed a contract in 2012 that potentially was worth more than $ 40 million . if the grievance is heard by the league , hernandez will be represented by the the national football league players ' association . who was odin lloyd ? cnn 's lawrence crook contributed to this report .