( cnn ) espn 's britt mchenry this week found herself in the news , rather than reporting on it , after a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in arlington , virginia . among the highlights , as caught on tape and eventually uploaded to liveleak : `` i 'm on television and you 're in a f**king trailer , honey , '' and `` i would n't work at a scumbag place like this . makes my skin crawl even being here . '' and , finally , `` lose some weight , baby girl . '' it 's pretty cringe-worthy stuff that seems difficult , if not impossible , to defend . mchenry quickly issued an apology , blaming the incident on a moment of intense frustration but admitting her mistake and accepting responsibility . it was , however , too late : the # firebrittmchenry hashtag was already trending on twitter , where she was called everything from classist , class-less , and `` ugly on the inside '' to a `` sad , self-hating coward . '' espn , meanwhile , announced that mchenry would be suspended for a week . certainly mchenry should have known better than to have used such words , even if that 's what she was thinking , least of all because in our youtube age , such missteps always come to light . but while mchenry 's reaction could very well have been a result of an overblown sense of entitlement , evidence of a mean girl who never left high school , what 's also troubling is how quickly and gleefully the rest of us issued blame on mchenry without fully knowing -- or , it seems , caring about -- the other side of the story . the video that was released -- by the tow company -- was heavily edited and included only mchenry 's responses , not the comments of the employee who may have provoked her and contributed to an argument that clearly escalates as the video goes on . mchenry knew she was being taped ; at one point , she looks directly at the camera . the employee even threatens to make the video public . did mchenry keep going because she has that much of a self-destructive streak ? or because she truly could not help herself ? or was she confident that any video evidence would show that there were two people playing this particular game ? how britt mchenry could have responded . these days , there 's nothing we love more than an example of a celebrity fall from grace , whether it 's lindsay lohan or brian williams or britt mchenry , who was judged not on the facts but on what we take particular joy in believing : that the over-privileged and semi-famous do not necessarily deserve a fair trial . the high price of public shaming online . sure , mchenry probably feels entitled , but that 's our doing , too . we 're a society obsessed with putting celebrities on a pedestal -- celebrating them , compensating them . and yet when , in a moment of frustration and stress , mchenry lets the entitlement bestowed on her win out over taking a deep breath and walking away , we 're right there to demand to know what gives her the nerve . you know what gives her the nerve ? we do . ( be honest : when is the last time you had a warm and fuzzy experience at the tow lot ? ) but we 're really no better than she is . the problem with social media , and our dependence on it , is that it allows people to present and receive whatever angle they want , biased or not , fair or not . it 's the `` power of the press '' without the objectivity or accountability demanded of the actual press . and it has enabled a dangerous vigilantism that makes those who use that power no different from the ones they are supposedly rallying against . think about it . who was worse : mchenry or the people who made that video public , and who did so without owning up to their part in the conversation ? who is worse : britt mchenry for childishly mocking a confrontational tow employee 's bad teeth , or the twitter masses who call for justice and `` the return of class '' -- who express views like , `` part of me feels bad for britt mchenry . poor thing actually believes she was hired for ' brains ' and ' education ' ? should n't they question whether , in fact , mchenry could have actually been standing up for herself ? sorry to break it to you , but these days , we 're all bullies . at least britt mchenry owns up to it .