baltimore , maryland ( cnn ) protesters angry over the death of freddie gray got into physical altercations with police saturday night in downtown baltimore near the city 's famed baseball stadium . some of the hundreds who confronted lines of police officers got into shoving matches with helmeted cops while other demonstrators threw objects . at least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them . mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said she was profoundly disappointed by the violence , adding that 95 % of the protesters were respectful but a `` small group of agitators intervened . '' twelve people were arrested , police commissioner anthony batts said . `` we continue to have a few isolated pockets of individuals causing disturbances . we are deploying resources to keep everyone safe , '' the baltimore police department tweeted . fredericka gray , the twin sister of freddie gray , made a statement : `` my family wants to say , ' can y'all please , please stop the violence ? freddie gray would not want this . ' freddie 's father and mother do not want any violence . violence does not get justice . '' vandals broke and damaged storefront windows and trashed one 7-eleven , police said . cnn crews observed a window damaged at a michael kors store and holes in one at a subway restaurant . the skirmishes followed a planned demonstration over how police handled the arrest of gray , a 25-year-old baltimore man who suffered a spinal injury at some point after he was detained by police on april 12 . he died a week later . the numbers of protesters dissipated substantially just before sunset , though some people were still walking in the streets near oriole park at camden yards , causing some traffic problems . earlier , demonstrators had marched through the streets until they arrived at city hall . along the way , whenever it appeared the protest might get out of control , organizers reined the marchers back in . the event ended after speeches at baltimore city hall on saturday evening , but many protesters continued to vent their anger by marching down to inner harbor . when demonstrators got to the stadium , tensions escalated and some people threw what appeared to be water bottles and other objects at the cops , who wore helmets and stood behind metal barricades . fans who were arriving to watch the hometown orioles play the boston red sox were having trouble finding ways to the entrance gates . the orioles won the game 5-4 in extra innings . for a time it appeared that fans would be held inside the ballpark until the demonstration quieted , but the gates were opened before the contest was over . throughout the day , protesters yelled , `` no justice , no peace '' and `` all night , all day ; we 're gon na fight for freddie gray . '' the police department used twitter to update the public on the progress of the march . at city hall , speakers demanded justice for the gray family and an end to what they called police brutality against black suspects . at least one protest organizer had promised in advance that the event would be big enough to shut down the city , but while many people turned out and walked , the major disruption was only to traffic on a few streets . gray died last sunday . protesters have marched since , outraged by the arrest , which was recorded on a bystander 's cell phone and the nature of gray 's death . the witness said gray was yelling and indicated he was having difficulty breathing . at some point after he was detained , he suffered a severe spinal cord injury . his family said his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma and died . on friday , police officials said that gray should have received medical care at the site of his arrest and at other times as he was transported to a police station . the van carrying him stopped three times on its way to the station where he was to be booked , but when it arrived at the western district officers called for an ambulance , which took him to a hospital . the questions investigators are looking into are : how and where did gray suffer a severe spinal injury ? and are police liable for his death ? the preliminary work on his autopsy has been done , but the medical examiner 's office is waiting on toxicology results and may invite spinal experts to look at the case , authorities said . a full report may take 30 to 45 days . batts told reporters on friday there are no excuses for the fact that gray was not buckled in as he was transported to a police station . he also said officers should have given gray timely medical care `` multiple times . '' those comments upset members of the baltimore fraternal order of police . `` we are disappointed in the comments made yesterday by commissioner anthony batts , and various members of his command staff , relative to the actions of the officers directly involved in the gray investigation , '' gene ryan , president of the organization said in a written statement . `` these comments appear to be politically driven and in direct contrast to the commissioner 's own request not to jump to any conclusions until the entire investigation is complete . '' police say five of the six officers involved in the arrest have provided statements to investigators . the sixth officer has invoked his right to refuse to answer questions , batts said . a wake for gray will be held sunday , with a memorial service and funeral following on monday . cnn 's miguel marquez reported from baltimore . steve almasy reported and wrote in atlanta . vivian kuo contributed to this article .