( cnn ) nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution , according to a spokesperson for the attorney general 's office . `` seventy-two hours notification means three days , at least , to go to the execution . it may be longer . in other words , there will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification , '' tony spontana told cnn by phone sunday . though indonesian officials said all 10 would be executed at the same time , spontana said french national serge atlaoui had filed a challenge to the state administrative court on thursday so his sentence has been delayed . meanwhile , edre olalia , a lawyer acting for philippines maid mary jane veloso , told cnn sunday that veloso had telephoned her sister on saturday at about 5:30 p.m. local time and said her execution will take place on tuesday , april 28 . officials at the philippines embassy in jakarta confirmed the same information . according to her lawyers , veloso unknowingly carried drugs into indonesia , and that she was set up by members of a drug syndicate . on friday , indonesian officials advised relevant consular officials to travel to indonesia 's `` execution island '' -- nusa kambangan -- where the ten are being held -- a sign that the sentences may be carried out soon . they will face a firing squad . opinion : why executions wo n't win indonesia 's drug war . the ten on death row , which also include two australian citizens andrew chan and myuran sukumaran -- members of the so-called `` bali nine '' smuggling ring -- as well as prisoners from ghana , brazil , nigeria and indonesia , had their petitions for clemency denied by president joko widodo in late 2014 . a statement sunday from foreign minister julie bishop said the australian government had been notified that the execution of chan and sukumaran would be carried out `` imminently . '' `` i spoke to mr. sukumaran 's mother raji yesterday and assured her the government would continue to seek clemency from indonesian president widodo for both men . `` they have been rehabilitated in a most remarkable way over the past ten years and are genuinely remorseful for their serious crimes . `` nothing can be gained and much will be lost if these two young australians are executed . `` i again respectfully call on the president of indonesia to reconsider his refusal to grant clemency . it is not too late for a change of heart . '' the two australians , convicted for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot , tried to challenge the president 's decision earlier this month but lost an appeal for the state administrative court to hear their case . their lawyers have since filed another review at the constitutional court . the attorney general 's office has said they would respect all ongoing court proceedings but insisted the inmates have exhausted all their legal options . australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair and has unsuccessfully proposed a prisoner swap with indonesia as a way of avoiding their deaths . on saturday , united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon called on indonesia 's government to reverse their decision . `` the secretary-general appeals to the government of indonesia to refrain from carrying out the execution , as announced , of 10 prisoners on death row for alleged drug-related crimes , '' a spokesman for ban said , according to various reports . meanwhile , human rights watch says president widodo `` has an important opportunity to signal indonesia 's rejection of the death penalty by sparing the lives of the 10 people facing looming execution . '' `` widodo can demonstrate true leadership by ending capital punishment as unacceptable state brutality , '' said phelim kine , deputy asia director at human rights watch , in a statement saturday . `` president widodo should recognize that the death penalty is not a crime deterrent but an unjustifiable and barbaric punishment . widodo should promote indonesia as a rights-respecting democracy by joining the countries that have abolished capital punishment . ''