( cnn ) looting , fires and violence descended on baltimore . like most who know and love that city , i was heartbroken . i was once a cop in baltimore . police , trying to save their city last weekend , were blamed both for doing too little and for doing too much . the ghetto , and i 'm talking class and not race , was on full display by monday . the whole nation saw beautiful baltimore at its worst . the protests started in response to the death of freddie gray in police hands . we still do n't know what happened to freddie gray . something bad happened . there 's an investigation . maybe the investigation should be going faster . but maybe rushing the investigation would compromise prosecution . ( and forced testimony ca n't be used in prosecution ; police officers too have constitutional rights as criminal defendants . ) i do n't know . here 's the thing : police officers who were n't there do n't know what happened to freddie gray . if there are criminally guilty cops , police have no problem with justice . but those who caused destruction on monday had little , if anything , to do with freddie gray protests . they were , as the mayor put it , thugs . call them what you will , normally what happens in the hood stays in the hood . those who cut fire hoses and burned down homes and businesses ? police deal with them every day , literally . those criminals did n't just appear on monday , and they wo n't be gone tomorrow . they live there , without jobs , education , mainstream social skills , or hope . they do n't come from stable families . they do n't go to church . most violent criminals are actively or passively involved in the drug trade . in baltimore this year -- just like last year and just like next year -- police will arrest tens of thousands of poor black men , mostly on drug charges . from the same pool , 200 will be shot and killed . another 200 will do the killing . these are communities , like the baltimore 's eastern district , in which more than 10 % of men are murdered . if all of america had homicide levels found in parts of baltimore , there would be over 300,000 murders per year ( as opposed to the still shamefully high 12,000 homicides in america ) . and yet some continue to think of police as the main problem rather than part of the solution . but baltimore is not ferguson . the police department is 50 % non-white . the mayor is black . so is the police commissioner . the city is 65 % african-american . so imagine you 're a young white cop , as i was , in a rough neighborhood . a nice retired african-american gentleman calls 911 because the kids in front of his house , also black , are rowdy , breaking bottles , selling drugs , and otherwise being disrespectful . just out of the police academy , i pulled up to countless of these situations . what to do ? usually i stopped , stared , and they moved on . sometimes i would get out of my car . but i should n't have to . we all played by the same rules . it 's about respect . sometimes i would ask politely . sometimes i had to order rudely . sometimes i would ask for id . sometimes i would frisk , search , or arrest . that 's what cops do . every day . that 's what i did . i had to . that was my job . ultimately police are in a no-win situation . and when things go wrong , they go wrong fast . people run . there are fights . guns . people get hurt . sometimes people die . sometimes -- not very often -- it 's the police officer 's fault . but even if there were no racist or brutal cops -- if every cop were a polite , fit , college-educated , bilingual , african-american gentleman or woman -- this would n't solve the greater problems of the ghetto or even police abuse . police abuse has less to do with race than poverty and class . and police will never solve the problems of absent parents , mass incarceration , or a violence culture centered around the economics of drug prohibition . even so , rather than face up to our problems , we calls for the cops to do something , anything . yes , bad cops need to be punished . but it 's too easy to blame police for all our problems . problems police did not cause and can not solve . and then when a cop makes a mistake , as one inevitably will , we jump on all police with a confident smugness and unbecoming glee . the problems in policing mirror the problems of society . we can and should improve police . the best way to do that is to improve society . true justice requires us to look both inward for blame and outward to the suffering around us . the worst thing we could do is nothing at all .