( cnn ) tuesday , april 14 , is equal pay day . here 's the announcement presidential candidate hillary clinton should make : `` today in america , women earn on average 77 cents for every dollar men earn . and the gap is even greater for women of color . that 's unconscionable . as president , my top priority will be fixing inequality and ensuring that 100 % of the population is paid 100 % of what they 're worth . and so , i 'm announcing that if elected president , i will take a 23 % pay cut , equivalent to the current gender wage gap , to stand in solidarity with working women in america . and i wo n't take a raise until every woman in america gets a raise , too . '' april 14 was n't just chosen at random as equal pay day . it 's based on a calculation : for women to make the same amount of money that men made in 2014 , they 'd have to work until april 14 , 2015 . a woman on average loses $ 431,000 in pay over the course of a 40-year career . merely closing the gender wage gap would pull half of working single moms out of poverty . and at a time where republicans are still , bizarrely , trumpeting more tax breaks for business and the rich to stimulate the economy , closing the pay gap would put money in the pockets of working people who would actually spend and stimulate real growth . the new women warriors : reviving the fight for equal rights . so here 's the perfect opportunity for hillary clinton to put her money where her mouth is , literally . in her campaign launch and personal rebrand , clinton is clearly trying to portray herself as a woman of the people , a populist fighter for the middle class . `` everyday americans need a champion , '' clinton said in her campaign launch video , `` and i want to be that champion . '' clinton has deftly put her finger in the wind and sensed the winds of populism blowing through america . indeed , the fact that many democratic voters still clamor for a less pro-war , less pro-wall street , more elizabeth warren-like alternative to clinton is an ever-present thorn in the otherwise blooming garden of clinton 's inevitability . opinion : the myth of equal pay day . with her video , clinton has signaled a clear desire to ground herself and her candidacy in the soil of populism . but can a wealthy white woman who once sat on the board of walmart , has already lived in the white house , collects six-figure speaking fees and does n't seem to own a pair of jeans really inhabit the portrait of a populist fighter ? this is where a good ol'-fashioned political stunt would come in handy . and make no mistake about it , i 'm recommending a political stunt . let 's call a spade a spade . hillary clinton is a very rich person . while she 's certainly not the first rich person to run for president , her wealth -- and the related perception of being out of touch with ordinary americans -- is an obstacle in her candidacy . the difference between the current standard presidential salary of $ 400,000 a year and the 77 cents-on-the-dollar version of that salary , or $ 308,000 , is probably a drop in the bucket in clinton 's bank account at this point . and yet the symbolic power is profound . because what clinton would be reminding us is that across america , the aggregate salaries of all working women is 23 % less than the aggregate salaries of all men . 78 cents on the dollar : the facts about the gender wage gap . thanks to the hacked sony emails , we saw that even top female stars and executives in hollywood are paid less than their male counterparts . what more powerful message could the potential first female president send than literally signifying that nationwide inequity in her own salary ? clinton would n't just be saying she stands with the working women of america , she 'd be showing it . is it offensive to suggest that the first female commander in chief should be paid 23 % less than her male predecessors for doing exactly the same work ? yes . and that 's the point -- to use her status to highlight the offensive gender wage gap and what clinton , as president , would do to fix it . yes , such stunts are trite and theatrical . they 're also effective , especially in our increasingly short-attention-span , it-only-happened-if-you-can-tweet it , symbolism-over-substance culture . politics used to be about clunky people ( mostly men ) debating complex policies . now it 's about polished memes and even more polished candidates . policy ( i hope ) still matters , but we 're as likely to debate a candidate 's `` image '' as her or his `` substance . '' the truth is that stunts and theatrics are now part and parcel of politics , as they are in our culture in general . that does n't mean they ca n't also serve a noble purpose , in highlighting important problems and inspiring solutions . map : where the gender pay gap is the widest . clinton did an arguably brilliant thing in her campaign launch , framing her video and presidential bid as not about her but the american people . in fact , clinton did n't even appear in the video until the very end -- it was all about middle-class americans , working hard , trying to get by and get ahead . and then we see hillary , who wants to help . hillary clinton ca n't change who she is , the baggage attached to her by both the right and the left , rightly or wrongly . but she can change what she does going forward , how she shows up and signifies herself as a voice not for the status quo and the establishment -- but for ordinary americans who need change . if clinton wins , her presidency will indeed be symbolic and historic . and it will be significant if she does something to change the lives of the 158 million women in america .