abu dhabi , united arab emirates ( cnn ) lost luggage after a long flight is a common , frustrating occurrence of modern air travel . and sometimes , airlines lose things that are irreplaceable . american jennifer stewart says she was devastated to learn that etihad airways lost her most important baggage following a recent trip from abu dhabi to new york city : her 2-year-old pet cat , felix . stewart said that she and her husband , joseph naaman , booked felix on their etihad airways flight from the united arab emirates to new york 's john f. kennedy international airport on april 1 . shortly after the plane arrived in new york that evening , felix went missing somewhere on the grounds of kennedy airport , according to etihad airways . felix was able to get loose , stewart said she believes , because the cat 's plastic carrier was badly damaged at some point either during the flight or the transfer from the airplane to the pickup area . stewart said a cargo manager called the couple to an office after they landed at kennedy last week and notified them that their cat 's carrier had been crushed . photographs taken by stewart showed a large hole in the top of the cat 's carrier . at least one of the corners of the case appeared partially collapsed . nearly one week later , felix remains missing . `` for them to take a cat and ship him like he was cargo , not a live animal , makes me sick , '' stewart said . `` you trust that people care and are doing the job well , and then this happens . '' a representative for etihad airways told cnn that that the loss of pets during air travel is `` extremely rare . '' the airline shipped more than 200 pets last year . etihad airways is investigating the incident and is working with ground handlers at the new york airport to help locate the missing cat . the abu dhabi-based carrier also said it hired `` third-party specialists '' to help in the hunt for felix . `` we deeply regret this unfortunate incident and are keeping the owner apprised of the progress of the search , '' etihad airways told cnn in a statement . `` we will review our pet handling procedures in the wake of this incident , as the safety and care of pets traveling with etihad airways is a top priority . '' stewart and her husband booked the cat 's flight as part of their job relocation to the united states after living in abu dhabi for more than three years . the couple said they spent $ 1,200 to ship felix on the 14-hour flight . `` you pay all of this money , but for what ? people assume you pay extra to have your pets taken care of , but they 're treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage , '' stewart said . it is n't the first time a pet has gone missing at new york 's busiest airport . in august 2011 , a cat escaped from its carrier before an american airlines flight from new york to san francisco . that cat was eventually discovered -- alive -- two months later in a customs room at the airport . but the cat later had to be euthanized because of injuries and malnutrition it suffered while lost . this weekend , stewart enlisted the help of a local nonprofit , which provided a highly trained detection dog , to help track down felix 's scent . a wildlife biologist who works with the airport has also placed traps to facilitate felix 's safe return , according to the port authority of new york and new jersey . officials at kennedy have offered to assist etihad airways as the airline investigates what happened , the port authority said . stewart said the couple will continue to search the airport until they have answers . `` we just want to find felix . but i just do n't know if we will , '' she said .