( cnn ) pope francis has accepted the resignation of bishop robert finn , who remained on the job for years after becoming the highest-ranking u.s. catholic official convicted in connection with the church 's long-running sex abuse scandal , the vatican announced tuesday . finn , who led the diocese of kansas city-st. joseph , missouri , was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse . the case was tried by a judge instead of by jury because prosecutors wanted to protect the young victims ' anonymity . finn was convicted of one count but not a misdemeanor charge he 'd also faced . he was put on two years ' probation but was not forced to spend time in jail or pay a fine , according to the jackson county prosecuting attorney 's office . two charges against his diocese were dropped . at the time of his conviction , finn said , according to cnn affiliate kctv : `` i truly regret and am sorry for the hurt these events have caused . '' jackson county prosecutor jean peters baker said the conviction and penalty , which included starting a $ 10,000 fund for sexual abuse counseling and mandatory training for church officials on how to report abuse , would have positive ramifications . `` we can be assured now that if an allegation of child abuse comes to the attention of the diocese of kansas city-st. joseph , there will be no hesitation to report it immediately to the proper authorities , '' baker said . the case against finn revolved around his diocese 's dealings with shawn ratigan , an independence , missouri , priest who pleaded guilty in august 2012 to five child pornography charges . church officials found disturbing images on ratigan 's computer but did n't notify police until nearly five months later , prosecutors said . in those interceding months , the priest kept on working . and finn kept his job as bishop , even after his 2012 conviction . the official website of the catholic diocese of kansas city-st. joseph still listed him as its bishop tuesday morning . cardinal sean o'malley , who took over the abuse-shaken boston archdiocese and has become one of the pope 's point men in the united states , has acknowledged the inconsistency that someone who would n't be allowed to teach sunday school was still running an american diocese . `` it 's a question that the holy see needs to address urgently , '' o'malley said in a `` 60 minutes '' interview in november . `` there 's a recognition of that ... from pope francis . '' candida moss -- a professor at notre dame , a catholic university in indiana -- said it `` does n't look very urgent '' that a decision came down only now , nearly three years after the conviction and five months after o'malley 's comments . several factors may have played a role in the delay , including views from lawyers or power players at the vatican , who may be reluctant to cast blame at high-level officials who do n't report allegations quickly enough to government authorities . but the timing of the announcement may make sense given that it comes weeks after francis came under fire for the installation of a new bishop in chile , juan barros , despite protesters ' claims he was complicit in sexual abuse cases there . `` it kind of shook francis ' reputation , '' said moss . `` having this resignation and putting right one of the more visible injustices on this , especially in the u.s. , i think this is a typical francis way to reinstall confidence . '' now that the case has been addressed , the kansas city-st. joseph diocese has a new leader : kansas archbishop joseph naumann . under the pope 's directive , naumann will be the kansas city diocese 's apostolic administrator , in addition to his regular responsibilities in kansas , until a permanent bishop is appointed , according to an announcement on the diocese 's website . `` i pray that the coming weeks and months will be a time of grace and healing for the diocese , '' naumann said in an open letter to parishioners . `` all of us , who are privileged to serve in leadership for the church , do so for only a season . it is not our church , but christ 's church . '' moss , the notre dame professor , predicted that the shuffling at the western missouri diocese will be `` very well received , '' though some may question why it took so long . `` it 's not just that it 's late , '' moss said , `` but it 's that francis could have been more explicit . '' to that point , the co-director of bishopaccountability.org asked for more elaboration than the vatican 's one-line announcement that francis accepted the resignation `` in accordance with ... canon law . '' anne doyle , from the watchdog group that documents the catholic church 's abuse crisis , called finn 's removal `` a good step but just the beginning . '' `` the pope must show that this decision represents a meaningful shift in papal practice -- that it signals a new era in bishop accountability , '' doyle said . `` ... what no pope has done to date is publicly confirm that he removed a culpable bishop because of his failure to make children 's safety his first priority . we urge pope francis to issue such a statement immediately . '' cnn 's anneclaire stapleton contributed to this report .