( cnn ) president barack obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with iran even before he became the democratic candidate for president . reaching a good , solid agreement with iran is a worthy , desirable goal . but the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations , weakening america 's hand and strengthening iran . obama 's political standing and his historic legacy in foreign policy are so deeply intertwined with reaching an accord with iran that if the deal ultimately collapses , he may fear that historians will conclude that his legacy in global affairs collapsed with it . there is a reason one gets the feeling that it is the united states and not iran that is the more eager , even desperate , side in these talks , even though iran is the country whose economy was sent into a deep chill by international sanctions ; the country whose only significant export , oil , lost more than half of its value in recent months . the reason is that obama has a huge political stake in these negotiations . the president may insist that the united states will choose no deal over a bad deal , but few people truly believe he has a credible plan b . few believe it , particularly in the middle east and notably among america 's arab friends , who hold the view that iran is running circles around the united states and outplayed obama . as the writer david rothkopf aptly put it , `` iran is having a great obama administration . '' that 's a belief that has already started shaking up the region . saudi arabia has said that it will pursue nuclear weapons if it believes iran has not been stopped , and there is little doubt that other countries among iran 's muslim rivals will do the same . in fact , the notion that obama is not handling the iranian threat effectively is contributing to a new war in yemen , where saudi arabia and other arabs are trying to push back against gains by iran 's allies . we can trace it all back to the democratic primaries in 2007 , when then-sen. obama said he would meet iran 's leaders `` without preconditions , '' leading his rival , hillary clinton , to call the idea `` irresponsible and frankly naive . '' as the years of his presidency unfolded , and the middle east started coming apart , finding a deal with iran started to look like the one major foreign policy achievement obama might leave behind . the political imperative started to intrude in strategic considerations on an issue that is of transcendent importance to world peace . the framework agreement announced on thursday came two days after obama 's march 31 deadline . the u.s.-imposed deadline served only to pressure the united states , and the french ambassador very publicly decried as a `` bad tactic . '' that bad tactic was a political move , a push to produce some sort of result , however vague , to protect the talks from critics . again , a solid agreement that ensures iran will not produce nuclear weapons would be a most welcome development . but the agreement so far does not look promising . it certainly shows the final outcome will differ greatly from what obama had vowed . in a presidential debate in 2012 , obama described a crystal clear goal for negotiations . `` the deal we 'll accept is they end their nuclear program . it 's very straightforward . '' nobody is talking about iran ending its nuclear program . not even close . iran will be allowed to keep one-third of its more than 6,000 centrifuges . that 's not a small symbolic number . and it does not appear as though any of its nuclear facilities will be dismantled , although fordow will contain no nuclear materials . iran has insisted all along that its nuclear program has only civilian uses . the fact is that iran has a well-established record of lying and concealing the elements of its nuclear program to u.n. inspectors . and the u.n. agency chief says that has not stopped . a couple of weeks ago , with days left until the negotiating deadline , u.n. nuclear chief yukiya amano said iran is still stonewalling . `` we are still not in a position to conclude that all nuclear material in iran is [ for a ] peaceful purpose , '' he warned . the negotiations ' starting point is that iran would like to have the bomb and the international community wants to delay that as much as possible -- and preferably , forever . the world only learned about iran 's secret facilities at arak and natanz after dissidents raised the alarm . iran , we have learned repeatedly , is very good at lying to international inspectors . it is well-established that it has had something to hide about its nuclear program . it is well-established that many of iran 's neighbors do n't trust it and are anxious about the u.s.-led international dealings with iran . it is well-established that iran has engaged in international terrorism and in destabilizing the region . it is also clear that it took harsh international sanctions and a collapse in oil prices to bring iran to the negotiating table . it was iran that had the most to lose from a failure of talks . but political considerations turned the united states into the supplicant . the framework agreement starts lifting those indispensable sanctions much too soon . nuclear enrichment will continue , although at a lower level . iran officially , legally , becomes a nuclear threshold state , with the capability to make the final dash to a bomb within a `` breakout '' period of one year , the time when presumably inspectors would discover violation and allow the rest of the world to act . even the fordow facility , conveniently inside a fortified bunker in a mountain , will remain in existence , though `` converted '' to a nuclear `` research facility '' and without nuclear material on site . international sanctions lifting will begin almost immediately . its nuclear infrastructure will remain largely in place , even if operating at a reduced pace , giving iran much of what it wanted . with iranian forces gaining ground in arab lands and iranian commanders declaring the destruction of israel `` nonnegotiable '' and threatening saudi arabia , this deal does not look reassuring . obama is right that a diplomatic solution is the most desirable option . but the deal so far looks like ( another ) win for iran . it introduces enough restrictions that it could give the president the political cover he wants , but it does not do enough to make the world safe from nuclear proliferation and more potentially catastrophic instability in the middle east .