( cnn ) every week in the heart of nima , a slum in the ghanaian capital of accra , families congregate at a local mosque . when the time comes , young girls say goodbye to their loved ones and part ways , filing up concrete steps leading up to the floor above . there , inside a large room dotted with brown tables , rows of flashing computer screens await for them . `` when the parents are praying [ downstairs ] , we are teaching the girls upstairs , '' explains tech entrepreneur regina agyare , who comes here every week to teach local teens how to code . agyare 's first visit to see the girls -- students at education project achievers ghana -- was in january 2014 . this was supposed to be a one-off seminar as part of her mentorship initiative `` tech needs girls '' -- however , the students proved quite a draw . `` i fell in love with them , so i decided to set up a coding club and started having regular sessions , '' says agyare , founder of software development company soronko solutions . more importantly , continues agyare , it offered the opportunity to show `` the community the value of educating girls . '' a predominantly muslim area in a largely christian nation , nima has one of the densest populations in accra . agyare says life is often challenging for many local girls , with some growing up without ever leaving the community . `` girls were being forced to marry early ; [ denied ] their right to go to school . most of their dreams and aspirations were limited to just what was around them . `` i was shocked ... i thought we had progressed as a nation . i thought we had gone past that . '' this , in part , was why agyare lent her support to achievers ghana . set up by local amadu mohammad , the non-profit organization supports 250 girls between the age of six and 18 , priming them for formal education through extracurricular classes in reading , math , poetry and information technology . its goal is to break through social barriers and provide nima with a generation of female role models , and so the group provides school funding to help the girls shape their own future . the project was bequeathed its classroom above the mosque it shares a building with , and agyare says the two work closely together . achievers ghana met initial resistance from local conservatives , but when the mosque 's chief imam sheik hussein abdul rahman championed mohammad 's vision , few maintained their reservations . now , with parents paying a nominal fee towards the running of the organization , it is in everyone 's interest that the girls succeed . fourteen months after her first visit , agyare 's coding class is well established . she has set up a mentor scheme as part of `` tech needs girls , '' recruiting and training women at university to act as role models for her younger students in nima . in each class , around 50 girls are taught html and run a blog called `` slum voices '' . `` i definitely feel [ technology ] has given them more of a voice , '' agyare says . `` i feel like it 's allowed them to express themselves and interact with others ... for them , it 's important to be heard . '' some girls had never used a computer before the classes began , but agyare 's even-handed approach has brought all her students up to the same standard . agyare insists that `` we do n't leave anyone behind . '' to that end , a few young male faces have found their way into her classroom . this was an accidental revelation , according to agyare . she details the story of one affronted boy . `` he wrote that he did n't like it when he saw girls learning about computers ... it was difficult [ for him ] to see girls being empowered ; he was n't used to that . '' agyare realized that by integrating genders in her classroom she could begin to confront gender expectations . for many boys the role of a girl is `` to be their wife , '' agyare explains , `` and she needs to be taken care of . '' however , by running mixed classes boys from an early age `` can learn to see a woman as a contributing person [ within society ] . '' now the hope is that many of the young students will be able to go to university -- and achievers ghana is working on a scholarship program to make the prospect attainable . agyare says the goal is not to turn every girl into software developers but to enable them to `` use technology in whatever field they find themselves . '' she adds : `` it would be great if we had some girls that decided to go on and study computer science , but really it 's about helping them reach their full potential ... and bring change to the community . '' read this : 5 reasons why tech needs geek girls . more from african start-up .