( cnn ) a new jersey auction house has removed items from its april 17 event after an uproar from the public . the items are crafts and artifacts made by japanese-americans confined to world war ii internment camps . a grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition , a facebook page , and mediation by `` star trek '' actor george takei has resulted in rago arts and auction center agreeing to pull the items from the sale . `` there is an essential discussion to be had about the sale of historical items that are a legacy of man 's inhumanity to man . it extends beyond what is legal . it is something auction houses , galleries and dealers are faced with regularly , '' the auction house said . `` we hope this controversy will be the beginning of a discourse on this issue . '' takei , who with his family spent time in one of the camps , thanked people for working to stop the sale . according to a comment on the facebook page `` japanese american history : not for sale , '' he was working on the issue while on a trip to australia . `` it took a few calls today here in the wee hours , and i 'll be issuing a formal statement later , but we can all celebrate a bit today at this news , '' he wrote . the auction house said 24 lots of an original collection of works of art and crafts were removed . during world war ii , about 117,000 people of japanese descent were forced to live in 10 internment camps . the government called them relocation centers . many of the people who lived there and their descendants had another phrase for the facilities . they call them concentration camps . two-thirds of the people who were ordered there were native born u.s. citizens , according to the national archives . cnn affiliate kgo reported the items were given to historian allen eaton , who opposed internment camps . the items were inherited from the historian 's estate . miriam tucker , a partner with the auction house , said it had hoped the items would go to someone who cared about their historical meaning . `` for us , there could be no better resolution than for a suitable museum , foundation or members of the japanese-american community with the means to preserve this collection to come forward and secure it for education , display and research , '' she said . kgo reported the people it talked to would like items returned to family members if possible and any other artifacts put in an exhibition . `` this was a gift and let the gift come full circle , '' said judy hamaguchi with the san francisco chapter of the japanese american citizens league . she was referring to a letter the organization sent to the auction house . `` it should be returned as a gift . '' the lots have been packed away for now , said auction house partner david rago in an email . `` once the dust settles from this auction weekend ( 1,200 lots in three days ) we will work with a small group of people from the japanese-american community who have identified themselves through this process as generous , informed , voices of reason , '' he wrote . he said a suitable institution is the best possible home and the auction house will work with the current owner to find the right place . the seller -- known in the auction business as the consignor -- has never been in a position where the items could be donated , rago said . `` but the consignor , who has been a sensitive and dedicated custodian of this collection for over 35 years , has agreed this evening to work with rago auctions to secure appropriate placement of eaton 's life work , '' he added .