( cnn ) on the stage of a tv studio in phnom penh , cambodian-american ly sivhong is telling an engrossed audience a tragic , but familiar , story . on april 17 , 1975 -- 40 years ago today -- life as ly knew it was shattered when her hometown , the cambodian capital of phnom penh , fell to the genocidal khmer rouge regime of the communist party of kampuchea . ly , then 13 , was separated from her mother and two of her sisters who , along with virtually the entire population of phnom penh -- about two million people -- were sent on a forced march into the countryside to work . ly never saw them again , nor learned what happened to them . but about 20,000 people died from execution , starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint , according to war crimes prosecutors ; the others were subjected to slave labor in rural camps once they reached their destination , where many met similar fates . the urban evacuation marked the first phase in the khmer rouge 's revolutionary program of social engineering , intended to establish a new order -- free of money , family ties , religion , education , property and foreign influence . aimed at creating an agrarian utopia , it would instead prove one of the worst genocides of the modern era , resulting in the deaths of at least 1.7 million cambodians -- about a quarter of the country 's population -- over the next four years . ly remained in the capital with her father and four other siblings , three of whom would succumb to starvation and disease in the following years , before her father was shot to death before her eyes in 1979 . his killing prompted ly to leave her sole remaining family member , youngest sister bo , in the care of a local couple . she set out on her own , making her way to a refugee camp and eventually to the united states . for more than 30 years she has wondered what happened to her baby sister . `` i think she was the only family member to survive , '' she says , with tears in her eyes . as she finishes her story , the producers usher a woman on the stage . it 's bo . ly embraces her sister and both women sob . `` i missed you so much , '' ly says . `` i 've always searched for you , '' bo tells her . since production began five years ago , the television show , `` it 's not a dream , '' has reunited members of 54 cambodian families shattered by the genocide . more than 1,500 have sought its help . the series is just one example of the ways in which cambodia 's traumatized society is beginning to undertake the fraught , painful business of reckoning with their history . `` the scars of the khmer rouge are very deep and physical and present in modern cambodia , '' said theary seng , a human rights lawyer whose parents were killed by the regime , and who moved to the u.s. as a refugee before returning to her homeland as an adult . she described the country as a `` land of orphans . '' for decades after the khmer rouge were driven from phnom penh by soviet-backed vietnamese forces in january 1979 , the regime 's crimes were seldom spoken about , let alone attempts made to seek redress for victims . in large part , this was because people remained scared , say experts . far from being snuffed out by the vietnamese invasion , the khmer rouge existed for another two decades . after fleeing the capital in 1979 , khmer rouge leader pol pot and his supporters established a stronghold in the west . they continued as an insurgent guerrilla force and became part of a government-in-exile that , until 1990 , was recognized by the u.n. as the country 's only legitimate representative . `` in many villages , people have been living side by side with the executioners for decades , '' said krisna uk , executive director of the center for khmer studies . craig etcheson , a cambodia expert at the school for conflict analysis and resolution at george mason university , said that `` for many years , there was a virtual taboo on even speaking of the khmer rouge , as if the very words were ... a malevolent spirit lurking in the corner of every room . '' the silence was also due to the fact that cambodians , in seng 's words , `` lacked the vocabulary '' of therapy and healing to process a crime of the magnitude of the one perpetrated against their society . the khmer rouge 's attempts to reboot society at `` year zero '' had involved a concentrated effort to exterminate the country 's educated classes -- doctors , lawyers , accountants , engineers , merchants and clergy . `` nearly two generations of young cambodian men grew up learning little more than how to kill , '' said etcheson . `` when it was finally time to rebuild , there were effectively no bootstraps with which the country could pull itself up again . '' even today , said uk , young cambodians are not taught about the genocide in high school . in an impoverished country -- one of asia 's poorest , albeit with 7 % predicted economic growth this year -- most young people seemed to be focused on getting ahead than looking back , she said . some were even skeptical that the khmer rouge 's crimes -- the systematic butchery of the `` killing fields '' -- had really occurred , she added . the space for discussing , redressing and healing from the genocide only began to open up in the past decade with the establishment of the khmer rouge tribunal , said seng . founded in 2006 , the extraordinary chambers in the courts of cambodia ( eccc ) is a `` hybrid '' tribunal using both cambodian and international judges and staff to investigate the khmer rouge 's crimes against humanity and bring leading regime figures to justice . intended as a southeast asian equivalent of the nuremberg trials , the tribunal , which has cost $ 232 million so far , initially enjoyed broad support . `` we had great hope for this process , '' said seng . `` the presence of the international community raised the comfort level of the population to speak about the khmer rouge crimes . '' but the pace of proceedings has seemed glacial , given the advancing years of the suspected war criminals , two of whom have died while facing trial . another was ruled mentally unfit to stand trial . ( the khmer rouge 's top leader , pol pot , died in 1998 , having never faced charges . ) this , coupled with persistent accusations of political interference from the cambodian government , has soured attitudes towards the court . seng , who once appeared as a civil party in proceedings , today regards it as a `` sham . '' for many victims , it is `` too little , too late . '' opinion : an ongoing struggle for justice after the khmer rouge . in the first case heard , kaing guek eav , also known as comrade duch -- commandant of the notorious tuol sleng prison where more than 14,000 people were killed -- received a life sentence for war crimes , crimes against humanity , murder and torture . the court 's only other verdicts , delivered in august last year , sentenced non chea , the regime 's `` brother number two , '' and khieu samphan , `` brother number four , '' to life . both men have appealed their convictions . in a separate case , the pair are on trial on additional charges of crimes against humanity and genocide . evidence is expected to continue being heard into 2016 , eccc spokesman lars olsen said . two further , and highly controversial cases , known as 003 and 004 , are also currently under investigation . three people were charged last month in relation to those cases : former khmer rouge navy commander meas muth ; im chaem , a former district commander accused of leading a labor camp ; and ao an , a former deputy accused of overseeing massacres at detention centers . two other suspects are being investigated . olsen said no further cases would be pursued after 003 and 004 . prime minister hun sen , cambodia 's strongman leader for decades , has long been a vocal opponent of 003 and 004 , claiming that pursuing the cases could push the country towards civil war . hun sen himself is a former khmer rouge battalion commander , who defected to the vietnamese side ; his perceived political interference is viewed by critics like seng as an attempt to shield political allies from the tribunal . others are more forgiving of the tribunal 's shortcomings . etcheson , a former investigator for the tribunal , has described it as an `` imperfect vessel '' for delivering justice , but says cambodia 's leaders must strike a balance between two imperatives : delivering justice for victims , and completing the reintegration of former khmer rouge into society . he said the most important aspects of the tribunal 's work are those that take place outside the courtroom -- triggering changes in cambodian society . `` in that respect , the proceedings ... may be shaping up to be more successful than anyone could have hoped , '' he added . undoubtedly , cambodians today have overcome the fear of talking about the genocide -- to the extent that even the perpetrators feel emboldened to say their piece . krisna uk said the country has seen a wave of khmer rouge memoirs , written by former cadres wanting to argue their case before they die . `` there 's a lot of people who want to tell the world they 've been fooled by a grand idea of a revolution which went bad , '' she said . khieu samphan , `` brother number four , '' published one such effort ahead of his trial , while sikoeun suong , a sorbonne-educated former diplomat for the khmer rouge regime , published his `` journey of a khmer rouge intellectual '' in french in 2013 . he told an interviewer from france 's le monde last year that he believed that khmer rouge dictator pol pot 's prescriptions for cambodia were sound . `` i remain convinced that the marxist analysis made by pol pot of the socioeconomic situation of cambodia , a poor and sparsely populated country , was correct , '' he said . for survivors , these self-serving justifications for crimes gone unpunished must be hard to take . but for a few of them , at least , cambodia 's opening up about the genocide has finally brought about the prospect of some healing , however bittersweet . on the stage of the `` it 's not a dream '' studio , as ly hugs her long-lost sister , footage of an even older woman is projected on a screen . `` do you know the person in the video ? '' the show 's host asks . `` yes , '' ly says . `` she is my mother . '' moments later , te souymoy , 77 , is brought up on stage . `` where have you two been ? '' te asks . `` i always worried about you two . '' `` i thought you died , '' ly says . the three women cry and embrace . `` it is very miserable for all of us , '' the old woman says .