( cnn ) if i had to describe the u.s.-iranian relationship in one word it would be `` overmatched . '' we 're playing checkers on the middle east game board and tehran 's playing three-dimensional chess . iran has no problem reconciling its bad and contradictory behavior while we twist ourselves into knots over our tough choices , all the while convincing ourselves that america 's policy on the nuclear issue is on the right track . iran is n't 10 feet tall in this region , but by making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that is supposed to reduce iran 's power , the united states is only making tehran taller . consider the following : the u.s.-iranian relationship is not symmetrical . it 's not as if we both are doing terrible things and are looking for a fair and equitable compromise to stop our respective bad behaviors . iran is about to try a u.s. citizen and washington post reporter and we have made a judgment that even while we protest , we will keep the nuclear issue separated not just from this case but from iran 's serial abuse of human rights , including the behavior of its shia militias in iraq . i can only hope there is a carefully orchestrated behind-the-scenes plan to have iran release jason rezaian . if not , we 're legitimizing a bad regime and compromising u.s. values and interests in the process by not ensuring that all americans being held by iran come out as part of the nuclear deal . america is alienating some of our closest allies because of the iran deal , and iran is picking up new ones and bolstering relations with old ones who are growing more dependent because they see iran 's power rising . our friends are n't perfect , particularly the saudis and even the israelis . but we need them precisely because iran is rising . sadly , the administration is sending signals that cutting a deal on the nuclear issue takes precedence over their priorities . in the meantime , iran 's allies , bashar al-assad 's syria , hezbollah and now the houthis -- not proxies , but instruments of convenience -- see what 's happening and are willing to play and cooperate even more in the iranian game . the russians , too , realize that the nuclear issue gives them cover to sell sophisticated missile defense systems and soon to export even more to gain influence and hard currency . we 're losing friends ; iran is gaining them . and in one of the cruelest ironies , iran 's way back into the global economy is as a result of the very issue that made it such a pariah : the nuclear issue . as the arab world melts down and lacks a traditional epicenter of strength and power , ( egypt , iraq , syria ) , iran is rising . the argument here is not that iran is taking over the middle east . but in its zone of influence , a zone critical to the united states -- syria , iraq , the gulf , yemen , lebanon -- it is expanding its influence , not contracting . washington does n't play this kind of game well . it is tripping all over itself trying to figure out how to combat isis in syria and yet not empower al-assad ( no answer ) , how to combat isis in iraq without favoring the shia-dominated government and alienating iraqi sunnis ( no answer ) and how to backstop the saudis in yemen without enabling them to make matters worse through their airstrikes ( no answer ) . iran has a much easier time managing contradictions . indeed , it can use the threat of isis to keep the americans away from weakening their ally al-assad as well as expand its influence in iraq under the guise of fighting a battle of mutual interest . battle group naval assets to the gulf of aden notwithstanding , the united states is being outfoxed , not outgunned . do n't expect u.s. ships to stop those of iran . as state department spokesperson marie harf said , `` there are reports about these u.s. ships that have been moved and i want to be very clear just so that no one has the wrong impression . they are not there to intercept iranian ships . the purpose of moving them is only to ensure that the shipping lanes remain open and safe . i think there was some misreporting and confusion on this . i just want to be very clear that the purpose is not to do anything in terms of those iranian ships . '' it clearly makes sense to try to use diplomacy as a way to constrain iran 's nuclear program . but we should have no illusions about two things . first , we wo n't end teheran 's nuclear weapons pretensions , and two , we are and will be enabling its rise in the region because of this nuclear diplomacy , not constraining it . one of the reasons the united states wo n't strike al-assad is for fear of emboldening isis , but the other is that we do n't want a proxy war with iran in syria . as the russians have made clear in their recent s-300 deal , the nuclear negotiations are only making iran a more acceptable business partner . and the real fruits of the diplomacy have n't even begun yet . sanctions relief will make the mullahs more secure and give them the resources to buck up , not tamp down , their regional aspirations . we 've made our bed , apparently , and now are going to have to find a way to sleep . a nuclear deal will avert a crisis over the nuclear issue for now . but unless it really does change iran 's behavior , we 've only bought ourselves a bigger one down the road .