( cnn ) since iran 's islamic revolution in 1979 , women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men . but the situation appears set to improve in the coming months after a top iranian sports official said that the ban will be lifted for some events . a plan to allow `` women and families '' to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year , deputy sports minister abdolhamid ahmadi said saturday , according to state-run media . but it is n't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend . according to the state-run press tv , ahmadi said the restrictions would be lifted for indoor sports events . the rules wo n't change for all matches because some sports are mainly related to men and `` families are not interested in attending '' them , press tv cited him as saying . iranian authorities imposed the ban on women attending men 's sports events after the revolution , deeming that mixed crowds watching games together was un-islamic . during the ensuing decades , the crowds at soccer games , iran 's most popular sport , have been all male . iranian women were briefly permitted to attend volleyball matches under the moderate president mohammad khatami , but the ban was reinstated in 2005 after the more hard-line mahmoud ahmadinejad came to power . the iranian government has come under pressure from international sports officials over the restrictions . fifa president sepp blatter called on iran last month to end its `` intolerable '' ban on women attending soccer matches , saying the situation `` can not continue . '' iran had been in the running to host the 2019 edition of soccer 's asian cup , but the tournament was awarded to the united arab emirates . the ban on women attending matches was widely seen as a major impediment to iran 's chances of securing the event . the ban came under the spotlight at the asian cup in australia earlier this year , when thousands of female iranian fans watched their soccer team without restriction . during the match against iraq , activists called for the ban to end and unfurled a banner showing the face of ghoncheh ghavami , a british-iranian woman detained in iran last year while trying to watch a volleyball match . iranian officials have denied that ghavami was arrested for attending the volleyball game , saying she was taken into custody for `` anti-iran activities . '' the news agency reuters reported that she was recently pardoned by the court of appeal . cnn 's annie ramos contributed to this report .