( cnn ) the lawyer for a baltimore community activist whose arrest was broadcast live on cnn said thursday morning that his client had been released from jail . as viewers watched , joseph kent held his hands up and walked in front of a phalanx of police tuesday night after a citywide curfew had started . seconds later , several officers in riot gear rushed out of their line and arrested him , just as a humvee passed between the camera and the police , making social media churn with questions about what happened to kent . attorney stephen patrick beatty confirmed he is representing kent . he was still trying to get in touch with his client after kent was released . `` he wanted me to tell people most that he does n't want violence in his name , '' beatty told cnn 's don lemon on wednesday night . the incident unfolded live on cnn about 40 minutes after the 10 p.m. curfew went into effect and as authorities tried to prevent the kind of rioting -- part of protests over the death of freddie gray -- that plagued the city monday . kent was being held on a charge of curfew violation , according to the maryland department of public safety and correctional services . people on twitter continued to circulate the name of kent , a young activist , making # josephkent and # whereisjosephkent hot topics . investigators made 10 arrests in baltimore on tuesday night , city police commissioner anthony batts said . seven were for curfew violations , he said . beatty said he met with kent on wednesday afternoon . `` he said he 's physically ok , not injured . he 's safe in there , '' beatty said . but even though more than 100 people who had been held at the city 's booking center were released earlier in the day , kent was not one of them . beatty initially checked on kent 's status , despite not officially representing him . he said kent was just trying to help with getting people to go home when he was arrested . `` he went out there to try to settle things down because he had seen what happened in this city previously , '' beatty said . `` and the last thing he wanted was any more violence , and he was trying to stop it . '' kent once was employed as an intern , through an outside company , at morgan state university 's entrepreneurial development and assistance center , the school said wednesday . but kent is not a student there and , as far as the school can tell , never has been , msu spokesman clint coleman said . a woman who answered the phone at the edac said that no one there was available to talk about kent and that she 'd have no further comment . in november , the baltimore city paper ran a story about kent , then 21 , and his participation in baltimore protests over a grand jury 's decision not to indict a police officer in the august shooting of teenager michael brown in ferguson , missouri . he helped lead protesters who walked through morgan state 's campus and eventually to city hall on november 25 , the newspaper reported . `` everyone knows me at morgan already , organizing and making sure everything ( is ) running the correct way and peaceful and everything like that , '' he said , according to the city paper 's article . `` so , everybody already knows i 'm going to do things the right way , so when everybody else and community people and civilians and people who joined and saw that the morgan students were looking up to it , before you knew it , the whole city was on my back and i was just carrying the whole city . '' complete coverage on the baltimore protests . cnn 's justin lear , evan perez , elan bird and anneclaire stapleton contributed to this report .