( cnn ) seven people -- including illinois state university associate men 's basketball coach torrey ward and deputy athletic director aaron leetch -- died when their small plane crashed while heading back from the ncaa tournament final . the aircraft went down overnight monday about 2 miles east of the central illinois regional airport in bloomington , mclean county sheriff 's office sgt . bill tate said . that 's about 5 miles from the campus of illinois state , where ward and leetch both worked . it was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft , which the national transportation safety board tweeted was a cessna 414 . the plane was coming back from the ncaa final four championship game in indianapolis , according to illinois state athletics spokesman john twork . `` the isu community is reeling from the loss , '' twork said . the last post from a twitter account that purportedly belongs to ward features pictures from lucas oil stadium , where duke beat wisconsin in the title game . there 's also a picture of a small plane with the words , `` my ride to the game was n't bad # indy2015f4 . '' in a statement , illinois state university president larry dietz remembered ward and leetch as `` well-respected and much-loved colleagues in our athletics department '' in the crash near bloomington . `` words can not fully express the grief that is felt in the wake of such a tragedy , '' dietz said . `` we move between shock and profound sadness . '' a standout player at the university of alabama at birmingham in his hometown between 1996 and 2000 , ward played professionally in china alongside yao ming before getting into coaching . he was part of the staffs at jacksonsville state university , the university of mississippi and , for one year , in china before coming to illinois state as an assistant prior to the 2012 season . he was promoted to associate head coach in may 2014 , according to his official bio . coming from arkansas state university , leetch joined isu in 2005 as an athletic director for development before assuming a number of other roles through 2011 , his bio notes . leetch left the illinois school to serve as director of athletics at whitworth university in spokane , washington , then came back in june 2013 as isu 's deputy director of athletics . he was in charge of the redbirds ' athletics communications and video production units , and had a hands-on role in its football , men 's basketball , golf and baseball programs . athletic director larry lyons described leetch as `` a shining star in the business , '' while lauding ward as `` a talented coach and recruiter '' with a big personality who was loved by fans . `` there is no play in the playbook for times like these , '' lyons said . `` we will miss aaron and torrey deeply , and we will support their families in any way that we can . '' people we 've lost in 2015 .