( cnn ) the reserve deputy who shot a suspect with his firearm rather than his stun gun , and another deputy who can be heard cursing at the suspect after he was shot , were not in their normal states of mind because of the elevated stress of apprehending the suspect , according to a tulsa , oklahoma , investigator . tulsa police sgt . jim clark , who has been brought in to review the case , said tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates , 73 , `` inadvertently '' shot eric courtney harris after harris -- a possibly pcp-addled felon who had days prior sold methamphetamine to an undercover officer -- ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting . as deputies tried to handcuff harris , bates arrived with a pepper spray gun in hand . he warned his fellow deputies he was going to use a taser on the suspect , but instead , he fired a single gunshot -- and immediately apologized , clark said , citing a recently released video . clark attributed bates ' actions to a phenomenon known as `` slip and capture . '' an example is when someone who drives a car with a manual transmission gets behind the wheel of a car with an automatic transmission . the driver will press her or his left foot down when stopping abruptly , even though there 's no clutch pedal , he said . quoting bill lewinski , executive director of the force science institute , clark further explained : `` these are mistakes that are made when you think you are doing one thing but you actually are doing another , and the result often is directly opposite of what you intended . in effect , your intended behavior slips off the path that you want it to go because it is captured by a stronger response and sent to a different direction . '' bates announced that he was going to deploy his taser , and he pulled the trigger only once , as he was trained to do , clark said . police are trained to `` double-tap '' when firing their handguns , he said . the gun jumped out of bates ' hand because he was n't expecting recoil , clark said , and bates expressed surprise and remorse that he had shot harris . quoting lewinski again , clark said , `` this is the slip and capture . under time pressure to address a perceived threat , his intention to draw his taser slipped off his agenda , so to speak , when it was captured and completed by a more well-rehearsed motor program . ... he was not conscious of this unfortunate switch until after the shot was fired . in his urgency , his concentration was focused exclusively on harris ' back , where he intended to place the taser darts . because of what 's called ' inattentional blindness , ' meaning that he was n't consciously paying attention to and registering it , he would n't have been aware that the feel of the gun was different from that of the taser . and in this case the weight of the gun and taser are nearly identical . '' clark was emphatic that bates had done nothing criminally wrong and went so far as to say the reserve deputy was a victim . `` reserve deputy bates did not commit a crime . reserve deputy bates was a victim , a true victim of slip and capture , '' he said . `` there 's no other determination i could come to . '' when they set up the undercover sting , police wanted evidence on camera . but when they recorded the operation targeting harris earlier this month , cameras continued to roll as the suspect ran , and as he was fatally shot . the tulsa county sheriff 's office released the video on friday . the shooting was an apparent accident , it has said . in the last minutes of the video , harris lies on the pavement with police on top of him . an officer calls for a taser , but in place of an electric clicking sound , a gunshot rings out . a voice can be heard saying , `` oh ! i shot him ! i 'm sorry ! '' another officer screams out , `` he shot him ! he shot him ! '' harris , who is bleeding , calls out , too . he 's losing his breath , he says . an officer yells back at him . `` you f**king ran ! shut the f**k up ! '' he yells . `` f**k your breath , '' he said . clark defended the officer 's language , saying the deputy experienced auditory exclusion , never heard the gunshot and thought the suspect was out of breath from running . the language has no bearing on whether the shooting was justified , clark said . `` one deputy thought he was going to have to shoot this person at the arrest site . it 's very upsetting when you think you are going to have to take someone 's life and this deputy , one of the involved deputies , was upset , '' he said . `` secondly , this is total stress . they are going after a dangerous suspect that they have no idea whether or not this person is armed . '' clark added , `` they did not know that he was shot at this time . they had audio exclusion . they was at a point where they could n't hear . they did n't even hear the gunshot go off . the officers did not know that mr. harris had been shot . '' an officer can be seen in the video taking his foot off an object lying on the pavement not far from harris . shortly after the suspect is shot , the officers begin tugging harris ' hands behind his back as the video ends . harris later died at a local hospital . police said at the time of the shooting that harris admitted to medics at the scene that he may have been under the influence of phencyclidine , a street drug commonly known as pcp . the video is edited to block out the officers ' faces . harris is clearly visible . minutes earlier , harris had climbed into a truck cab , where an undercover officer had set up a camera on the dash to record the suspect . `` what 's up ? '' they greet each other cordially . without missing a beat , harris rummages deep in a backpack and hastily hands over a semiautomatic pistol . every few seconds , he looks around outside nervously . `` sweet , that 's a nice gun , man , '' the undercover officer says off camera . it 's a `` german luger , '' harris tells him . he cranes his head around quickly and watches as a car pulls up next to the truck . officers in uniform jump out , and harris bolts out the passenger door and sprints off . `` he 's running ; he 's running , he 's running ! '' the officer in the truck says . as harris fled , police worried he might still be armed because he ran with his right forearm pressed against his hip , `` consistent with trying to maintain control of a gun , '' clark said , adding that no gun was found when harris was searched after the chase . another video from an officer 's body camera picks up the chase . the officer wearing it jumps out of a vehicle and pursues harris on foot , catching up to him easily . he tackles the fleeing suspect . the officer commands him , `` i need you to roll on your stomach . now ! '' other officers appear . someone calls , `` taser ! taser ! '' the gun discharges . much later in the recording made by the first camera inside the truck , two men are conversing . `` he thought it was his taser , '' one of them says , as the other curses in frustration . in the background , a woman is crying `` no , no , no ! '' harris had come to the sting deal with a female companion . police have said that harris had reached for his waistband , and officers feared he might endanger them . when harris was on the ground , he `` refused to pull his left arm from underneath his body where his hand was near his waistband , '' they said after the shooting . the officer 's body camera video did not reveal that area of harris ' body . bates , a former tulsa police officer , was placed on administrative leave after the shooting , the sheriff 's office has said . asked whether bates ' age may have been a factor in the shooting , clark said , `` it 's happened to 21-year-old law enforcement officers . it 's happened to 30-year-old law enforcement officers . age is not really a factor in consideration for the dynamics behind slip and capture events . despite the details released over the weekend , harris ' brother says he still want answers . `` i want to know if he was shot in the back accidentally or on purpose . these are all the things that not only i want , but the public wants , '' andre harris told cnn affiliate ktul . bates ' attorney , scott wood , told cnn on friday he would contact the network later . he had not issued a statement or called back as of sunday . cnn 's jason morris , carma hassan and andreas preuss contributed to this report .