( cnn ) easter is a cornerstone event in the christian faith , but it 's surrounded by interesting quirks . it celebrates the completion of christ 's mission of salvation in the crucifixion and resurrection . by dying on good friday , christ atoned for the sins of others ; by rising from the grave on sunday , christ conquered death . simple enough and reason for christians to celebrate . but , like christmas with its tree , ornaments and santa claus , easter has picked up its peripheral trappings -- the bunny and colorful eggs . unlike christmas , it does n't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events . and that blood moon we just had -- is it pure coincidence that it fell around easter ? ( no . ) here 's a journey from the vatican to the holy land , around the moon and the earth 's tilting axis , to germany and the united states to try to explain the complex holiday called easter . and you 'll learn to how to color easter eggs with kool-aid . let 's start at the vatican . at the vatican , holy week began with palm sunday last week and culminated in easter sunday mass with multiple celebrations in between to mark the final week of christ 's mortal life . jesus rode on the back of a donkey into jerusalem on palm sunday where crowds celebrated him as the messiah and laid down palm branches in his path . but the crowd and the romans turned on him in the course of the week , according to the bible , leading to his crucifixion and resurrection . rain sprinkled down on worshipers standing under a sea of umbrellas as they gathered in a gray st. peter 's square on sunday to partake in the outdoor services held by pope francis . afterward , the pontiff took a moment to tell the world to do right those in need in his urbi et orbi address . francis lamented the suffering of people in many of the conflicts around the globe . from nigeria to south sudan , iraq to ukraine , he expressed hope that violence would end . francis also does n't put on airs . this week he washed the feet of believers , repeating the biblical account of a woman , a sinner , washing jesus ' feet and anointing them with oil . let 's move on to old jerusalem , the birthplace of easter . the church of the holy sepulcher in old jerusalem unifies the spot where christ was crucified -- calvary -- with his tomb , or sepulcher . on sunday , catholics and armenian christians celebrated the resurrection there . in the morning , the latin patriarch , the archbishop of jerusalem , entered the basilica . then mass was held followed by a procession . but a large group of indigenous christians did n't join them . it 's not quite easter yet in the holy land for eastern orthodox christians . they 'll be celebrating a week from now , because they determine easter 's date by a different calendar than western christians -- the julian calendar . which brings us to the question of how astronomy is used to determine the date of easter sunday . a blood moon appeared in the sky early saturday , right between good friday and easter sunday and during passover . just a coincidence ? not completely , because the dates for both passover -- the jewish holiday celebrating the deliverance from slavery in egypt -- and easter are determined by moon phases , according to timeanddate.com . easter 's timing is related to passover , because jesus was crucified around then , according to the bible . many jewish holidays , including passover , fall on full moon , which is also a prerequisite for a lunar eclipse , the event that turns the moon a blood red color . since the timing of moon phases does n't jibe with earth 's orbit -- which is how we determine the length of a year now -- passover 's exact date moves around -- and so does easter 's . when christian bishops first convened at the council of nicaea in the year 325 , they made a rule to determine the date of easter , so as to fairly reliably pin it to passover : it would fall on the first sunday after the first full moon following the vernal equinox . that 's the day in march when earth 's axis reaches a midpoint between winter and summer and the day and night are of equal length . but ... if the full moon fell on sunday , easter would be pushed down a week . confusing ? it got worse . when the west moved from the julian calendar to the gregorian calendar , orthodox christians stayed put , resulting in -- usually -- two separate dates for easter . in 1997 , the world council of churches pushed for a unified method of determining a date based on astronomical occurrences . it did n't catch on . but some odd easter trappings that popped up after the middle ages very much have -- the eggs and the bunny . the bunny is an egg-laying pagan that worships the moon . that 's one notion of its origins , but probably not the actual one . german immigrants appear to have brought it to north america in the 1700s . german historians are not clear on its beginnings , but the first known mention of the bunny and the eggs in writing was in 1682 . professor of medicine georg franck von frankenau described in his paper `` de ovis paschalibus , '' or `` on easter eggs , '' a custom in the alsace region involving a bunny and eggs , according to german public television . some also credit the region with inadvertently inventing the christmas tree . but von frankenau left out any explanation of how the tradition arose , leading to a number of theories in germany . one common idea : during lent , people had to abstain from eating eggs , but hens kept on laying them , so farmers boiled and preserved them . by the time easter rolled around , they were practically swimming in them . they had to figure out something to do with them when the holiday hit . play hide and seek with them ; color them ; give them as gifts . parents may have invented the bunny as a playful explanation for children on where the easter eggs came from . if you 're coloring eggs this year , here 's an interesting tip . instead of stinking up your place with the smell of vinegar , use kool-aid , youtube science geek grant thompson suggests . and it appears to work . just use a whole packet in a small glass of hot water and gently lay the eggs in . they turn out as bright as they would in any other food dye . but be careful , it stains everything else , like clothes and upholstery , thompson warns . that 's why your tongue changes colors when you drink it . happy easter ! happy passover !