( cnn ) in response to reports of big banks threatening to withhold campaign funds from senate democrats , sen. elizabeth warren last week offered a defiant response : `` bring it on . '' warren said she is n't going to slack off on her calls for breaking up banks and other measures to rein in wall street . as hillary clinton prepares to officially launch her presidential campaign this month , she will need to make a choice about how much to highlight issues relating to economic inequality . former maryland gov . martin o'malley , who is also running for the democratic nomination , is trying to steal clinton 's thunder by talking about the problems of disproportionate wealth . in other words , there are many signs that democrats are planning to take on the big issue of economic inequality . but in other recent news , the likelihood that new york 's chuck schumer will replace harry reid as leader of the senate democrats means the dreams of a more economically leftward party are crashing into political reality . while schumer has been a very effective democrat and skilled legislative leader , he is also a wall street democrat who has spent much of his time courting and protecting powerful financial interests who run one of the dominant industries in his state . he is not alone . even at his most progressive moments , president barack obama relied on wall street donations for both of his campaigns . despite all the talk from conservatives about left-wing `` socialism '' in the white house , the financial community has been willing to open its coffers to democrats without much concern , even in the 2012 election . democratic populism ca n't really work within the current campaign finance system . the enormous pressures for parties to raise funds in campaigns has for many decades created pressure on democrats , despite their political base , to court big donors . during the 1980s , california democrat tony coelho , serving as the chairman of the democratic congressional campaign committee and then as majority whip , made a strong appeal to savings and loans executives before the crash of the industry to catch up to republicans who had been outflanking them in raising money . the democrats were , and have continued to , losing their traditional base of campaign support -- organized labor -- which had been a central source of campaign muscle since the 1930s , providing money and campaign assistance during campaigns . without organized labor to serve as their foundation and with the pressure for raising private funds increasing , many democrats concluded they needed business by their side . democrats running for president have made the same kind of choices . in 2008 , obama disappointed many supporters upon becoming the first president to abandon the post-watergate public finance system for campaigns altogether , preferring to raise money himself for the general campaign . while small donors were enormously important to his victories , so too were business and wall street executives . at the height of the financial crash , when public sentiment had clearly turned against wall street , the administration agreed to a financial regulation bill ( dodd-frank ) that was structured in such a way as to give powerful interests more than enough opportunity to limit the bite over the coming years . wall street , with an army of counsel , succeeded in eroding the impact of the legislation . not only does the acceptance of our campaign finance system limit the policy choices democrats can make , but it also greatly damages the party 's brand name . as the washington post reported , the scandal that might bring down new jersey democratic sen. robert menendez is the first involving large scale super pac donations . at the heart of the story is almost $ 600,000 that physician salomon melgen gave to senate majority pac , possibly in exchange for favors . this is not simply some sort of accommodation of democrats to the corporate system . they do n't have much of a choice . without these funds , they wo n't be able to compete . in this election cycle , independent campaign donors are causing a huge stir . in conservative circles , the koch brothers and their allies are throwing around enormous amounts of money to candidates who will support their deregulatory agenda . individual donors such as las vegas gambling magnate sheldon adelson are causing ripples every time candidates speak , pressuring them to adjust their agenda . democrats have found their own magnates for political support , such as tom steyer and george soros . this is why campaign finance reform is so important , without congress changing the fundamental dynamics , there wo n't be much room for populism to thrive . even if democrats select someone like a elizabeth warren as their candidate or hillary clinton decides to move sharply to the left on economic policy , there wo n't be much room for reform when the time of governance actually starts . the democratic party needs wall street more than it needs to take a stand against wall street . those are the facts on the ground . if democrats really want to take on wall street and tackle economic inequality , they first have to bring about reform of the campaign finance system . if campaigns were publicly funded or there were more stringent limits on independent expenditures , wall street would have much more trouble achieving disproportionate influence . reform could level the playing field . more often than not , campaign finance reform is an issue that gets sidetracked with little more than some pro forma words of support . a more populist economic agenda that revolved around progressive taxation and substantial public assistance to strengthen the middle class can only work in a different kind of political system . if things stay the same , democrats can only continue to win elections by turning to their corporate and financial base of support .