( cnn ) five young men were arrested saturday in melbourne , australia , in what police called a major counterterrorism operation . three of the teens , all of them either 18 or 19 , have since been released `` pending further enquiries , '' australia 's federal police said , but two remain in custody . sevdet besim , 18 , has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act , and was denied bail saturday . the other suspect , a 19-year-old , has not yet appeared in court . `` some evidence that we have collected at a couple of the scenes and some other information we have leads us to believe that this particular matter was isis-inspired , '' said neil gaughan , acting deputy commissioner of the australian federal police . the suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week , prime minister tony abbott said saturday . `` the act that we believe was in preparation involved attacks against police officers , '' he said . there was also a risk to the public , police said . police said the suspects were targeting a ceremony on anzac day ( australia and new zealand army corps day ) , which is april 25 and this year is the centennial of the gallipoli campaign in world war i . abbott avoided the term isis -- or islamic state -- to call out those who authorities believed influenced the suspects . he instead referred to the group as the `` daesh death cult , '' employing the acronym that is transliterated from the group 's name in arabic . it 's a handle isis is known to loathe . police also distanced the suspects from any ethnic connection . the men `` are individuals acting by themselves . they are not representatives of any religious , cultural or national group , '' victoria police acting deputy commissioner shane patton said . `` i think the entire australian community should be concerned about the young age of those particular men , '' gaughan said . `` and this is an issue not just with law enforcement , but for the broader community . ... we need to get better in relation to identifying young men and woman involved in this type of behavior , at the very early stage . '' the suspects were associates of 18-year-old nadun haider , who was killed while stabbing officers at a police station in september , police said . abbott lamented a string of extremist attacks on australian soil . in december , australian authorities stormed a sydney chocolate cafe where a self-styled muslim cleric had been holding hostages , killing the gunman . two of the 17 hostages initially held by the gunman died . in february , two men were charged with plotting terror activities in sydney . despite distancing the suspects from religion , abbott did make a connection to the middle east . `` there are now about a hundred australians who are fighting with terrorists in the middle east , '' and another 150 people in australia support them with funds and recruiting , the prime minister said . in february , abbott announced tougher citizenship laws as a part of the government 's new counterterrorism strategy . authorities have suspended australian passports of those they suspect of terrorist activity . australians should be stoic about the threat of terrorism , abbott said saturday . `` the best thing you can do in the face of those who would do us harm is live your life normally . '' he asked australians to turn out in droves on anzac day . police said this particular threat had been fully contained .