duhok , iraqi kurdistan ( cnn ) in the canvas expanse of the shariya refugee camp , thousands of yazidis live within hearing distance of one of iraqi kurdistan 's frontlines with isis . the vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from the town of sinjar and fled the isis assault there back in august . but not everyone escaped . isis took thousands of yazidis captive . men faced a choice -- convert to islam or be shot . but the islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves . in its fourth edition of `` dabiq , '' the isis online magazine , an article titled `` the revival of slavery before the hour , '' outlines the group 's twisted justification and guidelines for the enslavement of the yazidis . `` one should remember that enslaving the families of the kuffar ( infidels ) and taking their women as concubines is a firmly established aspect of shariah , '' the article reads . we 're told that women who have just given birth or are breastfeeding are considered impure and can not be taken as sexual slaves -- but hanan , 19 , was neither of those things . `` they separated all of us , '' she says . `` they dragged us away by our hair . they took married women , young ones . the youngest with us was just 10 . we were all crying . `` they said we are going to marry you off , you will forget your family . '' isis : enslaving , having sex with ' unbelieving ' women , girls is ok . for the first week , hanan was held with 50 others , regularly beaten and threatened with torture , and fed just a bowl of rice . the group was then taken to a three story building in mosul she described as a sex slave warehouse , where hundreds of girls and women were held . `` they would line about 50 of us up at a time , in rows of 10 . they would say do n't move , do n't cry or we will beat you . the men would come in and describe the kind of girl they wanted and then they would pick and choose as they pleased , '' she recalls . she was eventually chosen , part of a group of 25 . from that group hanan was separated into a smaller group of seven and taken into a house in a village . ' treated like cattle ' : yazidi women sold , raped , enslaved by isis . two isis fighters guarded the door and ordered the girls to clean and bathe themselves . `` they brought in a yazidi girl who had been with them for two months . she was wearing the black niqab . they said to us we are going to do to you what we did to her , '' hanan says . `` the girl spoke to us in kurdish and said they beat me , they cuffed me and raped me . '' hanan and the others decided they had to try to escape . that night they crawled out the bedroom window . `` the fourth girl jumped out , i was the fifth . i crawled to the wall and was about to jump over it and then i saw their flashlight , '' she tells me . `` they caught the last two girls . '' they ran , and somehow evaded capture . four hours later they were out of isis territory . `` if i just see someone with a beard i start shaking , '' hanan says . now physically free but mentally still captive , hanan remains tormented -- like so many others , by what she has been through and what those still with isis are being forced to endure -- a fate worse than death . fleeing isis -- a yazidi family 's tale .