gorkha , nepal ( cnn ) the ride from kathmandu to near the epicenter of nepal 's devastating earthquake is not for those who get easily carsick . steep slopes and small winding roads through deep river valleys greet us as we make our way to a town where nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured , in much less than ideal circumstances . the view along the six-hour journey from the capital is deceptive . although i see numerous landslides , i am surprised that the villages we are driving through are relatively unaffected . during the entire journey , i notice only about 10 collapsed or seriously damaged houses . one of the biggest challenges rescue workers are facing in nepal is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas . one of them is gorkha , a district northwest of kathmandu . the town we were visiting looks intact . some houses have cracks , and i see a few collapsed brick walls . most of the shops and businesses are open . but our first stop at the district hospital brings us into the full reality of the human catastrophe . the hospital campus is overflowing with patients . the facility is simply not big enough to handle such calamity . the injured are not from the town of gorkha , which lies near the top of one of the numerous mountain ranges . they are from northern part of the district , where some 200,000 people live . to accommodate all the casualties , the hospital built a tarpaulin shelter over the parking lot . at a time of our arrival , there are about 20 patients lying on mattresses on a dusty concrete floor . the youngest is 10 , the oldest in his 70s . most of them have visible wounds : deep cuts , bruised faces , broken arms and legs or spinal injuries . all of their faces with empty looks are still expressing the terror they went through and the pain they are suffering . mita gurung , 10 , sustained injuries to her face and leg when her house in the village of sinjung partially collapsed . her mother was injured in the tremor . mita is gently tended by volunteer child counselor tara may bishakarma . `` i just found what she likes and keep repeating it . her injuries are fairly superficial , but she is traumatized . it will take some time , but she will recover , '' bishakarma says . children usually get excited when being filmed . mita seems almost unaware of my camera . little food , less optimism in kathmandu tent city . the situation in the hospital 's emergency room is similar . every bed is taken . all the injured are taken care of by attentive doctors and nurses . some have family members with them . despite the gravity of the situation , the atmosphere here is calm . gorkha 's hospital is ill-equipped to treat more serious injuries and serves mostly as a transit point . here , the injured get necessary first aid and as soon as possible are transferred to bigger hospitals in other districts or in kathmandu . there are not enough ambulances , and most of the injured must travel on old buses . people unable to walk are transported on makeshift wooden stretchers . i can not even imagine traveling on the road we just came in with a broken leg or a spinal injury . the caws of crows above gorkha are frequently interrupted by sounds of helicopters . we leave the hospital and go to check the landing zones . one is a sports field , and the second a flat meadow on the ridge . many of the damaged villages are not accessible by roads . to fly to most remote places from gorkha takes about 30 minutes , five days on foot . the helicopters operated by nepalese military bring tents , tarps , blankets , food and baby supplies to most damaged areas . they bring back the injured . one helicopter brings two stranded danish tourists from chumchet , a village in the tsum valley . they are in a group of 11 trekkers from slovakia , poland and the czech republic who remain in the valley . most of the helicopters are small and can only pick up two to three passengers . we head back to the hospital , where we meet olivier hagon . he is the head of a mission of the swiss humanitarian aid unit , a swiss government agency . the agency 's `` mother and child '' team helps the needy during disasters around the world . `` for us , it 's most important to focus on the most vulnerable ones : mothers and children . women in labor who do not have a bed , women in need of a cesarean ( section ) without access to surgery facilities , '' says hagon . the rest of the 10-member unit arrives from kathmandu in the evening . the team includes a pediatrician , a pediatric surgeon , an orthopedic surgeon , a midwife , an anesthesiologist and a gynecologist . within two hours , they set up two modern fully functioning operating theaters at the hospital . the group 's philosophy is `` to support , not to invade . '' they work very closely with staff of gorkha 's hospital . the swiss humanitarian aid unit is followed by 26 members of the international search and rescue germany . they bring seven search dogs . leader thomas laackmann explains : `` right now we focus on finding survivors . the chances are diminishing every hour . members of our team are trained medics . we will also assist with treating the injured . '' all aid workers sleep in tents on hospital premises . on thursday , we wake up to a drizzly morning . heavy fog blankets surrounding slopes and mountains . all helicopter flights are suspended . people in remote areas desperately awaiting help wo n't get any today . but here in gorkha , humanitarian teams are at full speed . swiss doctors along with their nepalese colleagues perform surgeries . the german team heads off in a bus to villages reachable by road . we wish our hosts in gorkha the best of luck and leave for kathmandu mid-afternoon . i had come to see how serious the situation is and how local and state authorities are coping . i am too overwhelmed and too exhausted to draw any conclusions . but i learned a lot about resilience of the nepalese and about good people from around the world committed to help them . much help will be needed .