garissa , kenya ( cnn ) kenyan police have arrested five suspects in connection with thursday 's attack at garissa university college , interior minister joseph nkaissery said friday , according to cnn affiliate ntv . nkaissery told reporters the university will be able to confirm saturday if everyone has been accounted for . thursday 's attack by al-shabaab militants killed 147 people , including 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel . the attack left 104 people injured , including 19 who are in critical condition , nkaissery said . during search and recovery efforts on friday , cnn witnessed one male who was not a student hiding under a bed . that male was taken into custody and was being treated as a suspect , sources close to the search told cnn . the find sparked an additional search of the building . sources said three people , all students , were found alive . a female student was found under a pile of bodies , another female student was hiding in a wardrobe and a male student was hiding in the bathroom , the sources confirmed to cnn . student hellen titus said she survived by fooling the attackers into thinking she was dead . after gunmen shot fellow students , she smeared their blood onto her body to make it seem she 'd been shot , too , she told cnn on friday at a makeshift center for evacuated students . `` in the time of shooting , '' she said , `` they skipped me . '' most of the victims had been shot from behind , in the back of the head , a medic told cnn . `` they 're facing down , always , '' a worker with st. john 's ambulance service said friday . `` they 're always facing down , and they 're shot in the heads , around the back . '' al-shabaab 's long , bloody legacy with kenya . early thursday , an explosion and gunfire cut through the morning quiet on the campus about 90 miles ( 145 kilometers ) from kenya 's border with somalia , tearing many students in dormitories out of their sleep . `` never heard anything like this , '' journalist dennis okari from cnn affiliate ntv tweeted as he watched smoke rising over a student hostel . al-shabaab gunmen had first stormed a christian prayer service , where they killed some and took others hostage . then they went across campus with them , shooting non-muslims and sparing muslims , a witness said . they headed for the hostels . student japhet mwala lay in her bed . `` we were sleeping when we heard a loud explosion that was followed by gunshots , and everyone started running for safety , '' she told agence france-presse . awaking to terror : ' i am lucky to be alive ' . `` there are those who were not able to leave the hostels where the gunmen headed and started firing . i am lucky to be alive because i jumped through the fence with other students , '' she said . students ran -- some crawled -- away from the gunfire , okari said . at one point , the gunmen pinned down a building where 360 students lived , interior minister joseph nkaissery said . okari took cover outside the campus and listened to explosions and gunfire for four hours . kenyan security forces moved in and killed four gunmen . somali terror group al-shabaab , an al qaeda affiliate , claimed responsibility for the attack . the interior ministry has posted a `` most wanted '' notice for a man in connection with it . it offered a reward of 20 million kenyan shillings , about $ 215,000 , for mohamed mohamud , who goes by the aliases dulyadin and gamadhere . the post does not say what role the man may have played . kenyan police are circulating `` wanted dead or alive '' posters featuring eight terror suspects who are wanted in separate attacks in kenya , the interior ministry said . police are offering a bounty of more than $ 210,000 for the suspects , the ministry said via twitter . the dangerously porous border between somalia and kenya has made it easy for al-shabaab militants to cross over and carry out attacks . in a december attack at a quarry , al-shabaab militants separated muslims from others and executed the non-muslims , killing at least 36 people . in november , militants stopped a bus near the border and killed 28 people they believed to be non-muslims . last month , the u.s. embassy warned of possible attacks `` throughout kenya in the near-term '' after the reported death of a key al-shabaab leader , adan garaar , who was suspected in the september 2013 westgate mall attack in nairobi . opinion : a weakened al-shabaab lashes out . police have declared a curfew for the next several days in the region from 6:30 p.m. to 6:30 a.m . the education ministry has closed the university indefinitely . surviving students have gathered in large groups at the town 's airport , waiting to be flown to their hometowns . the effects are also being felt 225 miles west in kenya 's capital of nairobi , where the new bloodshed reinvigorated an old debate : is the nation 's security strong enough ? many thought measures taken after the westgate mall massacre had filled the gaps . at least 67 people died then . but thursday 's attack is the second-worst in the country 's history , and it has evaporated much of the confidence won after westgate . civil liberty concerns had held up the enrollment of 10,000 new police recruits , but on thursday , kenyan president uhuru kenyatta gave a directive to process them . `` kenya badly needs additional officers , '' he said , `` and i will not keep the nation waiting . '' the problems plaguing kenya 's security efforts . cnn 's christian purefoy reported from garissa , and cnn 's ben brumfield wrote from atlanta . cnn 's brian walker , vasco cotovio and lillian leposo also contributed to this report .