( cnn ) he would n't give his name . but the name tattooed on his neck -- gertrude -- gave him away . that 's what kankakee county , illinois , sheriff tim bukowski said saturday about kamron taylor , the 23-year-old convicted murderer turned jail escapee until his arrest overnight in chicago . authorities around illinois had been looking for taylor since early wednesday , when he jumped a correctional officer at kankakee 's jerome combs detention center , then took off with the guard 's uniform and suv . surveillance video was the last officials saw of taylor until just before midnight friday , in chicago . `` they saw a guy that matched the description , '' bukowski said . `` and if you 're in law enforcement very long , you just get a feeling that something 's not right . ... i think that 's what happened . '' the suspect ran five city blocks before being tracked down , carrying a loaded handgun . he did n't go easily , refusing to identify himself . but when chicago police contacted their law enforcement counterparts about 60 miles south in kankakee county and told them about the tattoo , it became clearer who the man was . as bukowski said of the gertrude tattoo , `` it 's not a common name to have around your neck . '' fingerprints later confirmed that chicago police had indeed caught up with taylor . while not offering details beyond that no one is thought to have driven him north nor did a tipster call to specify his location , bukowski did say `` we have some ideas of where he went and how he ended up '' in the windy city . it was n't immediately known either when taylor will return to kankakee county . but , when he does , the sheriff said the convict will likely face an attempted murder charge for his attack of the jail guard on top of his already extensive criminal history . murderer overpowers guard , drives off in his suv . bukowski said he expects that taylor will eventually be incarcerated outside kankakee county , in part because `` you do n't want someone to raise '' the idea that guards there might somehow seek retaliation for the attack on one of their own . what the sheriff does n't want is for taylor to go free ever again . this is a man , after all , who killed a man in a june 2013 botched robbery , had to be wrestled to the ground by bailiffs after his conviction in late february , then escaped jail after assaulting the guard . `` he 's not going to walk down the block again , i do n't believe , '' bukowski said . the assaulted correctional officer remains in an illinois hospital , where his condition has improved and he 's been able to talk to fellow authorities . this qualifies as very good news , given that authorities think taylor `` believed that he had killed that correctional officer by strangling him '' around 3 a.m. ( 4 a.m . et ) wednesday , according to the sheriff . the guard was making his rounds when he was attacked from the side , then severely beaten and choked . taylor then allegedly disrobed the guard , a military veteran and 10-year employee of the corrections department . the guard was left on the jail floor , going in and out of consciousness , for about 35 minutes before authorities -- concerned because the guard had n't responded to calls -- found him , the sheriff said . the alleged attacker then walked out of the jail , albeit only after having his identity checked by camera after pushing a button to notify `` master control '' that he wanted to leave . `` we think that because he had the officer 's uniform on , '' the sheriff explained this week , `` that 's how he was able to effectively escape . '' now that taylor is once again locked up , the focus has shifted more to how he left in the first place . opining that the escape would n't have occurred `` if everybody had followed protocol , '' bukowski said it 's believed the inmate was n't in his cell at lockdown . `` that 's where the big mistake happened , '' the sheriff said . `` someone missed that . and from that point on , things broke down . '' cnn 's john newsome contributed to this report .