( cnn ) on the eve of the one-year mark since nearly 300 schoolgirls were abducted by boko haram in nigeria , malala yousafzai released an `` open letter '' to the girls monday . `` like you , i was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school , '' she writes in the letter . the 17-year-old nobel peace prize winner survived an attack by the taliban , which had singled her out for blogging from pakistan about the importance of staying in school . in the letter , she calls on the nigerian government and the international community to do more to rescue the girls . nigeria recently held an election . on april 14 , 2014 , islamists with boko haram kidnapped the girls , prompting an international campaign for their safe return , which used the hashtag # bringbackourgirls . on monday , unicef announced a new campaign for the 800,000 children who have been displaced in northeast nigeria , using the hashtag # bringbackourchildhood . malala is admired globally as a figure standing for peace . on sunday , a nasa astrophysicist named an asteroid after her . she has spoken with cnn about the nigerian abductions previously . malala : global symbol , but still just a kid . here is the full letter : to my brave sisters , the kidnapped schoolgirls of chibok , on this first anniversary of your captivity , i write to you with a message of solidarity , love and hope . my name is malala . i am a pakistani girl your age . i am one of the millions of people around the world who keep you and your families foremost in our thoughts and prayers . we can not imagine the full extent of the horrors you have endured . but please know this : we will never forget you . we will always stand with you . today and every day , we call on the nigerian authorities and the international community to do more to bring you home . we will not rest until you have been reunited with your families . like you , i was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school . gunmen shot me and two of my friends on a school bus . all three of us survived and are back in school . now we speak out on behalf of all girls about the right to get a proper education . our campaign will continue until you and all girls and boys around the world are able to access a free , safe and quality secondary education . last july , i spent my 17th birthday in nigeria with some of your parents and five of your classmates who escaped the kidnapping . your parents are grief-stricken . they love you , and they miss you . my father and i wept and prayed with your parents -- and they touched our hearts . the escapee schoolgirls my father and i met impressed us with their resolve to overcome their challenges and to complete their high school education . my father and i promised your parents and the girls who had escaped that we would do all we could to help them . i met nigerian president goodluck jonathan and urged him to work harder for your freedom . i also asked president jonathan to meet your parents and the girls who escaped the kidnapping , which he did a few days later . still , in my opinion , nigerian leaders and the international community have not done enough to help you . they must do much more to help secure your release . i am among many people pressuring them to make sure you are freed . there are reasons for hope and optimism . nigerian forces are re-gaining territory and protecting more schools . nigeria 's newly-elected president , muhammadu buhari , has vowed to make securing your freedom a top priority and promised his government will not tolerate violence against women and girls . `` you will have the opportunity to receive the education you want and deserve . the malala fund and other organizations offered all your classmates who escaped the kidnapping full scholarships to complete their secondary education . most of the escapee girls accepted this scholarship and are now continuing their studies at a safe boarding school and with the support they need . we hope to someday extend that same scholarship to all 219 of you , when you return home . remember that one day your tragic ordeal will end , you will be reunited with your families and friends , and you will have the chance to finish the education you courageously sought . i look forward to the day i can hug each one of you , pray with you , and celebrate your freedom with your families . until then , stay strong , and never lose hope . you are my heroes . your sister , malala .