( cnn ) this week , social media heralded as # motheroftheyear toya graham , the baltimore single mom who pulled her son , who was holding a brick , away from the scene of a riot . a video of graham yanking young michael from a group of protesters -- and subsequently pummeling him with her fists and a few slaps upside the head -- went viral . many called her a hero : a mother determined to stop the cycle of violence . and yet , was n't she also promoting violence ? her own reaction , after all , was to yell , curse and hit . `` why is america celebrating the beating of a black child ? '' asked a writer at the washington post . is n't violence at home what leads to violence outside the home ? is n't this why rioting happens ? i 'm not excusing violence in any form . i wish it did n't exist . but baltimore is n't on fire because of mothers like graham . in fact , what we need , not only in communities like baltimore but also in communities around the country , are more mothers like her . mothers who will do whatever it takes to protect their children and steer them through the increasingly tricky course of adolescence . i do n't see graham as an abusive mother spreading the gospel , or at least the inevitability , of violence . i do n't see her as a hero , either . what i do see in graham is a woman who is just like millions of other mothers of adolescents , mothers whose daily struggle is focused on guiding their kids in a positive direction while also helping them develop their own identities and independence . mothers who know the anger and frustration that can result when they catch their teenager in a lie . as graham told anderson cooper , she 'd told michael the night before not to join in any riots . he swore he would n't . but her momma bear sense kicked in , and when she heard that school was closing early , she did n't take the chance that he 'd stick to his promise . she went to the site of the riots to make sure that she could help him stay the course . she went there so that she could help him keep his promise . and when she got there and saw he had n't , as she suspected , she reacted in the way that she knew would , in that moment , be most effective to get him out of there . and that 's the key here . it 's easy to punish a teenager for acting out , just as it 's easy to punish graham for taking out her frustrations on michael in a physical way . but graham 's actions are evidence of her commitment as a parent . for better or worse , she knows her son . and she knows her community , and her reality . she knows that she 's the mother of an adolescent boy living in a city caught up in a very heated , violent moment . and she will do anything to protect her son , including put herself in a dangerous situation to pull him out of there . can we all say that ? toya graham raises an important point that 's often missing in the discussions of how to curb violence : moms have power . the world needs more momma bear types -- mothers who might be willing to put themselves between their child and certain danger . mothers who are willing to defy the `` expert '' advice telling them that teenagers need the room to make mistakes ; that hovering or even trying to anticipate their misbehavior only stunts their development and leads to more misbehavior . now more than ever , there are exceptions to that rule . those of us who live in communities that are generally safe ca n't imagine the level of fear and frustration that must run through the very core of a mother like graham . we do n't all face the same obstacles as the people who live in places like baltimore . but we all face the same challenges in raising children . perhaps it 's time to recognize that , at least in that sense , we 're more alike than we are different .