ferguson , missouri ( cnn ) change has come to ferguson . after months of turmoil and upheaval , months of frustration and anger , the beleaguered city has a new governing board . and it looks very different than the old one . buoyed by a higher-than-normal 30 % turnout , two african-american candidates won their wards tuesday night to make the six-member city council 50 % black . ferguson 's population of about 21,000 is 70 % black , but the city council was predominantly white , as is the police force . supporters of both candidates said that from the tragedy of a young black man 's death , a new day dawned in ferguson . ella jones screamed when her victory became official late tuesday night . she won 49.76 % of the vote . `` thank you , ward 1 . i love you , '' an emotional jones said at a party held at drake 's restaurant . she will become the first black woman ever to sit on the ferguson council . but both jones and wesley bell , who won the ward 3 seat with nearly 67 % of the vote , said they did not see their victories from a racial perspective . jones , who resigned her job as a mary kay cosmetics sales director to run for office , said in her ward , she heard the same complaints from a 65-year-old black man as she did from his white peers . `` my job is to be that catalyst so we can put a new face on ferguson , '' she said . bell , a lawyer and criminal justice professor , said , `` i 'm more interested in having quality on the council , '' when asked about the change in its racial makeup . he had made community policing his no . 1 priority and said he intends to be deeply involved with the hiring of a new police chief in this st. louis suburb . the former chief , tommy jackson , resigned after a scathing u.s. department of justice report found systemic discrimination against african-americans in law enforcement and the municipal court . bell said he wants ferguson 's police officers to be judged by the number of people they know in the community , not by the number of tickets they issue . one other seat was up for grabs in ferguson . that was won by brian fletcher , a former mayor who launched the `` i love ferguson '' campaign to raise money for mom-and-pop businesses that were hurt by the violence and vandalism during the protests last fall . fletcher beat his opponent , bob hudgins , with 56.7 % of the vote . fletcher told voters he was best suited for a city council job despite his critics ' claims that he was too entrenched in the old guard . `` i understand that feeling , but those individuals do n't know me , '' he said . fletcher said he had contacts with elected officials from his almost three decades in politics . that would be an invaluable asset in getting ferguson back on its feet , he said . the city is required to approve a new budget by the end of june , and the new council will have to look for alternative sources of revenue to replace the $ 3 million or so lost from money generated by traffic tickets and fines . `` that amount will drop significantly , '' fletcher said . earlier in the day , the skies grew dark and the radio crackled with warnings of flash floods . amid the rain , ferguson opened its polls at 6 in the morning with concern that few would come out to vote in such a pivotal election . but tuesday was different . it was the first city election since white police officer darren wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager michael brown in august . there was dread , especially in the african-american community , that if the turnout was low , then all the protests , investigations and calls for change would have been in vain . the candidates who had run campaigns calling for change hoped a decent turnout would weigh in their favor . `` that is what our democracy about , '' bell said . bell ran against lee smith , a retired electrical plant employee , in ward 3 , which includes canfield drive , where brown was killed , and the west florissant avenue business corridor that felt the brunt of the protests and the vandalism . charred , heavily damaged buildings still stand as scars of ferguson 's despair and anger . `` you got your vote on ? '' yelled tommy chatman bey , a bell supporter who was distributing campaign literature at koch elementary school , the precinct closest to where brown lived . some residents did have their vote on . they felt a duty to vote this year . one of them was yvette bailey , 41 , who works as a planner for coca-cola . yes , she voted in presidential elections , but she never paid much mind to local races . until now . even though she was aware of the problems around her , brown 's killing , she said , woke her up . `` it made me think of all the males in my family , '' said bailey , who lives right off canfield drive . she was undecided about who to vote for until the last minute when she walked into the polling station with another voter and they discussed the race . bailey decided to cast her vote for bell simply because he was a young man . she thought he had energy and was more in sync with ferguson 's youth . `` i think he will be more open-minded , '' she said after voting . changing the way ferguson polices its people was no . 1 on many a voter 's agenda . even the candidates who take issue with the department of justice report on ferguson agreed that the city needed change when it came to policing . `` we have to get out of this law enforcement for business , '' said candidate doyle mcclellan , coordinator of the computer network security program at lewis and clark community college . mcclellan referred to the doj 's finding that ferguson issued fines and traffic tickets to generate revenue for the city . `` that 's not a good thing , '' mcclellan said as he stood in the drizzle at a polling station , hoping to persuade voters who were still undecided . ted heidemann , a 67-year-old retired airline pilot , said he voted for fletcher . if some residents saw fletcher as part of the problem , heidemann asked why no one complained when fletcher was mayor . he said brown 's shooting brought a lot of bad things to light . `` we did n't realize the effect some of the institutional problems had on poor people , '' he said . `` some things need to be changed , and we are aware of that . '' by midafternoon , fletcher said the numbers were looking good . at a church where voters from all three wards were casting ballots , fletcher predicted a 40 % -50 % turnout . when the rain let up for a few minutes , a stream of voters trickled into the first presbyterian church in downtown ferguson to cast their votes . ellory and kathy glenn both voted for fletcher 's opponent , hudgins , a political novice who attracted attention as a white man who routinely stood with protesters on the front lines . hudgins likes to talk about how he married a black woman and has a biracial teenage son . `` i wanted change , '' said ellory glenn , 60 , who is black . his wife is white . he said the couple moved to ferguson after he retired from the marine corps in 1995 because they felt it was a racially welcoming place . but now , after all the problems rose to the surface , it 's time for fresh blood on the council , glenn said . `` quit using law enforcement as a revenue stream , '' glenn said . `` that 's like using the military to go into places and looting them . the police are supposed to keep order . '' angela jackson came to vote with her husband and two little girls in tow . she voted for jones , the former mary kay cosmetics sales director . jackson echoed the thoughts of other ferguson residents who experienced something new in this election : candidates coming to their door . past elections have not seen the kind of canvassing activity that took place in the last few weeks . nor have past municipal elections drawn so much media attention . `` one thing we really liked is ( jones ) came to our door and talked to us about her desire to make change in our neighborhood , '' jackson said . `` she 's going to be hands on . she lives in the neighborhood as well and has for the past 36 years . we were kind of taken by that . '' the rain began to fall again as the glenns got in their car . it was expected to continue off and on through the day and night . but at about 5 , just when many voters were leaving work , the sun shone brilliantly . overheard at one precinct : good weather brought out the worst in ferguson last august . maybe today , it would bring out the best .