( cnn ) jon reiter is no stranger to mount everest -- its world-record height , its prestige , its challenges . and its dangers . he learned that again shortly before noon saturday , after a monster magnitude 7.8 earthquake struck nepal . it not only rattled cities like kathmandu and pokhara , but caused avalanches at everest and nearby peaks . reiter was safe but shaken by the devastation . he told his wife , susan , about his putting one dead person in a sleeping bag and zipping it up , seeing others killed by the falling ice and collapsing snow , and doing all he could to help others fighting for their lives . `` it 's been a really rough day , '' susan reiter told cnn . `` jon 's been comforting injured people that he does n't think will survive . '' jon reiter told cnn on sunday morning that 17 people had been killed on the mountain . the indian army 's everest expedition evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers from a base camp who had been preparing to scale the mountain , spokesman col. rohan anand said saturday . separately , dr. nima namgyal told cnn he has seen 14 bodies so far . many of those killed came from other countries , according to namagyal , something that 's not surprising given everest 's lure for many hikers around the world . what may be as remarkable is all those who survived , a number that 's likely in the hundreds . they are women and men like alex gavan , who tweeted about running for his life from his tent . `` huge disaster , '' the mountaineer said hours later , warning that the death toll could skyrocket if helicopters did n't come quickly to evacuate those hurt . `` helped searched and rescued victims through huge debris area . many dead . much more badly injured . more to die if not heli asap . '' another hiker , carsten lillelund pedersen , wrote on facebook that `` a huge avalanche swept over basecamp '' that had almost 500 tents , saying he survived by hiding behind a stone structure . afterward , the camp 's dining tent was transformed into a makeshift hospital headed by the camp manager , who happens to be a doctor . and even hours after the biggest quake struck , the threat of more casualties -- and the challenge of finding out how high the toll actually is -- remained very real . `` on top of the whiteout after the avalanche it has been snowing since last night so it is difficult to see the following avalanches , and there are so many - maybe one every 5 min - that i have stopped counting , '' pedersen wrote on facebook . `` this also makes it more difficult to search for people . '' several companies specialize in bringing hikers to everest . one of the biggest is alpine ascents international , based in washington state . `` the alpine ascents international mt . everest climbing team was in the icefall and is now safe at camp 1 , avoiding the avalanche that hit base camp , '' the seattle-based company reported on facebook . `` please keep those affected in your thoughts as we continue to receive updated reports on the damage and losses in nepal . '' but not every foreign company that brings climbers to nepal was so lucky . two reported the deaths of americans on the mountain . that includes british-based jagged globe , which has offered mountaineering expeditions , courses , adventure skiing and other experiences for the past 20 years . the company reported saturday that american dan fredinburg died in the everest base camp avalanche , while two others suffered non-life-threatening injuries . a google executive who made headlines for dating actress sophia bush , fredinburg had been posting photos and updates of his adventures in nepal on instragram and twitter , where he referred to himself as an `` adventurer , inventor , and energetic engineer . '' his sister updated the account with a message , saying he suffered a major head injury . `` we appreciate all of the love that has been sent our way thus far and know his soul and his spirit will live on in so many of us . all our love and thanks to those who shared this life with our favorite hilarious strong willed man . he was and is everything to us , '' his sister , megan , wrote . the expedition company sent its condolences . `` our thoughts and prayers go out to dan 's family and friends , '' read a statement on jagged globe 's website , `` whilst we pray too for all those who have lost their lives in one of the greatest tragedies ever to hit this himalayan nation . '' eve girawong , a base camp medic from new jersey who worked on the mountain , also was killed , according to her family and employer . `` on behalf of my family , it is with deep sadness that i write that our beloved daughter , younger sister and best friend has been taken from us today . nong eve girawong was doing the thing she loved doing most -- helping others . words can not describe the heartbreak and pain that we are currently suffering , '' a family member wrote on facebook . she was working for madison mountaineering , a boutique mountain guide service based in seattle . kurt hunter , one of the company 's co-founders , confirmed her death . jim whittaker , the first american to reach the summit of mount everest back in 1963 , is still a mentor to experienced climbers trying to follow in his footsteps . the 86-year-old confirmed that climbers he knows to currently be on everest are safe . but some are trapped above the icefall , `` which is very dangerous anyway , '' whittaker told cnn . since the avalanches , `` the whole route would be different now than before the quake . they 'll have to put a new route in from base camp up through that icefall ... they ( the climbers ) will have to cool it for a couple days , way until the route is reestablished ... they 've got enough food and fuel for the stoves . '' his son , leif whittaker , told cnn that he has n't heard from everyone he knows to be on everest . `` it 's really tragic and i 'm really saddened by the news , '' he said . `` i have a lot friends in the area and friends on everest right now . it 's hard to get news from base camp and the mountains because communication is difficult as it is . many of my friends are safe , but i 'm not sure if all of them are . `` it 's been a bad few years on everest , '' he said . `` my heart goes out to them , and i 'm sending them my love and strength . '' this tragedy struck just over a year after another deadly avalanche on the 29,035-foot peak that likewise sent everyone -- from seasoned sherpas to foreign tourists -- running for their lives . at least 13 nepalese locals and sherpas were killed in that incident , which at the time was the deadliest incident ever around everest . the highest single-day death toll before then came in may 1996 , when eight climbers disappeared during a big storm -- an episode chronicled in jon krakauer 's bestselling book , `` into thin air . '' given the scale of the avalanches and fact they occurred near the start of the busy spring climbing season , it 's possible this day could turn out to be the most deadly . climbers traditionally arrive in april to get acclimated to the high altitude before trying to scale the summit . there 's no guarantee they 'll get the chance to go up this season . after last year 's avalanches , the mountain was shut down . but whether it 's their livelihood or their obsession , the people who tackle everest will be back . `` this is our job , '' said pasang sherpa , who lost `` friends in brothers '' in the 2014 avalanche . `` so there is always a risk of death . '' for many mountaineers , the draw of everest has long been hard to resist . one of them is reiter , who has scaled all of `` the seven summits '' -- the highest mountain on each of the seven continents -- except this one . this would be his third straight year trying . he turned back in 2013 `` because it did n't feel right '' and survived last year 's avalanche , according to his wife susan . her husband phoned her multiple times since the latest avalanches , reassuring her that he 's ok physically even as he struggles emotionally with the tragedy . but does that mean he wo n't go back to try to scale everest again ? `` you would think that he would n't because of this and because of last year , '' susan reiter said from her northern california home . `` but knowing my husband i think he will . i hope not , but i do n't want to hold him back . '' nepal rescue efforts come down to neighbors . cnn 's katia hetter , jessica king and carma hassan contributed to this report .