( cnn ) it lays claim to being the most isolated human settlement on earth , a volcanic archipelago in the south atlantic ocean , home to just under 270 people . now , the tiny settlement of tristan da cunha is seeking the help of architects and designers the world over to secure its future well into the 21st century . with the help of the royal institute of british architects ( riba ) , the uk overseas territory is holding an international competition to improve aging infrastructure and make the island self-sustainable as it approaches the 200th anniversary of its settlement . as a sign of just how removed tristan da cunha is from the rest of the world , there are only seven family names on the islands . those who live there are mainly the descendants of dutch , american and italian sailors as well as 19th century british explorers . there are also a handful of expatriate brits . but watching hit tv series `` lost '' or reading up on william golding 's `` lord of the flies '' wo n't be required research for competition entrants . instead , those with experience of renewable energy in remote regions , modern housing and developing cost-effective agrarian systems are encouraged to apply . `` the competition is looking at enhancing the built environment on the island ( and ) making all structures more energy efficient , '' the island 's administrator , alex mitcham told cnn when visiting the uk recently . mitcham explained that most existing homes and public buildings on tristan da cunha are small , bungalow-type structures made from made from a mix of concrete and local volcanic rock . few have simple insulation that can lead to energy savings while the infrastructure for things like renewable power generation and internet provision remain limited . the island is also only accessible by sea 60-days-a-year through a small port in its only town , edinburgh of the seven seas . according to james porter of riba competitions , contestants will have to factor in irregular design questions such as `` how can we get the material ashore and how can we actually think of ways that we can put things together once there ? '' `` there are limitations on the amount of cargo that can be trans-shipped , '' he added . in total , tristan da cunha is made up of four islands . tristan is the largest land mass and the only one to house people . two more unpopulated islands , nightingale and inaccessible , lie close by . a third , gough , is situated roughly 230 miles away . both gough and inaccessible are unesco world heritage sites . the closest mainland port is cape town , south africa , some seven days sailing time and 1,750 miles north-east . tristan already has a pub , shop , cafe , dance hall , museum , catholic church and swimming pool . there are also two expatriate doctors , two tristanian nurses and school teachers with some 30 students of varying ages . the island 's main industry is lobster fishing , with exports reaching as far afield as the u.s. , australia , japan and the eu thanks to a fishing company that has exclusive rights to fish in the surrounding waters . tristan earns additional income from the sale of unique stamps , coins and handicraft souvenirs , mitcham explained . modest revenue also flows from tourism and visitor accommodation . `` as it is the remotest inhabited island in the world , the tristanians are already very self sufficient , being able to produce many of their own foodstuffs ( like fish , livestock and potatoes ) , '' mitcham said . however , the cost of living has increased in recent years , he added . with limited transport and communication links , the islanders are also keen to see how they can reduce their reliance on fossil fuels , improve the energy efficiency of properties and reduce imports . `` we are slowly updating 40-year old infrastructure , '' mitcham said of the last time the island experienced a major redesign . that modernization happened roughly a decade after the island was evacuated temporarily due to ongoing volcanic activity . before that period , the main way for the islanders to communicate with the outside world was by morse code . things have already changed a lot since then , however . `` a new water system , electrical system and waste water system have just been completed , '' mitcham said . `` and with the 200th anniversary of the founding of tristan ( 2016 ) almost upon us it is an appropriate time to look at new initiatives that may be able to help the future viability of the community . '' interested architects have until mid-june to submit their initial ideas . the best will be whittled down to an initial 20 and then five after further analysis between june and september . porter and mitcham say the islanders will have to apply to the uk and possibly the eu for grants to fund the project . the winner is penciled in to be announced in june 2016 . the most important aspect for applicants is to `` identify cost-effective and practical solutions to improve the energy efficiency ( through renewable energy sources ) of properties , '' mitcham said `` as well as modernizing ... government structures . ''