fall river , massachusetts ( cnn ) former new england patriots star aaron hernandez looked on impassively wednesday as he was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole , a new low for a young man who once enjoyed a $ 40 million pro-football contract and now stands convicted in the 2013 murder of onetime friend odin lloyd . hernandez , 25 , appeared to shake his head `` no '' earlier as jurors in the massachusetts trial found him guilty of first-degree murder . he was also found guilty of unlawful possession of a firearm and unlawful possession of ammunition . `` they got it wrong , '' hernandez said as he was being transported from the courthouse to a state prison , according to a law enforcement source close to the case . `` i did n't do it . '' at trial , the defense team described lloyd , a former semi-pro football player , as hernandez 's `` bluntmaster '' -- his purveyor of marijuana -- and his future brother-in-law . but in victim impact statements , lloyd 's relatives portrayed him as a loving son and protective brother , as a man who rode his bike 10 miles to work and wore the same flip-flops for 12 years . `` odin was my only son , '' his mother , ursula ward , told the court , without looking at hernandez . `` odin was the man of the house . odin was his sisters ' keeper . after my daughter olivia had her daughter , odin became her keeper , too . '' `` i thank god every second for every day i spent with my son . the day i laid my son odin to rest , i think my heart stopped beating for a moment . i felt like i wanted to go in that hole with my son odin . '' lloyd was `` the backbone of the family , '' ward said . she expressed regret she 'd never see him have a child and that she 'd never dance at his wedding . but she found forgiveness in her heart : `` i forgive the hands of the people that had a hand in my son 's murder , either before or after . and i pray and hope that someday , everyone up there will forgive them also . '' outside court , bristol county district attorney thomas quinn said of her ability to forgive : `` i think it 's a tremendous compliment to her . '' `` as difficult as it is for people in the end , forgiveness is what it 's about , if people can bring themselves to that point , he said . what 's next for aaron hernandez ? of the defendant , quinn said : `` aaron hernandez may have been a well-known new england patriots football player . however , in the end , the jury found that he was just a man who committed a brutal murder . `` the fact that he was a professional athlete meant nothing in the end . he is a citizen who was held accountable by the jury for his depraved conduct . '' asked whether hernandez `` gets it '' after his murder conviction , quinn said : `` i do n't know . i think when you 're taken away and they say , ' life in prison without parole ' ... there 's got to be some response . but i do n't know if he got it . '' assistant district attorney william mccauley told the court moments before that sentence was imposed that hernandez `` committed an extremely cruel and atrocious killing . ... it was brutal . it was senseless . '' judge susan garsh sentenced hernandez `` to a term of your natural life without the possibility of parole '' for the first-degree murder conviction . garsh also sentenced him to between half a year and three years for unlawful possession of a firearm and one year , which he has already served , for unlawful possession of ammunition . as the verdict was read , the former standout tight end appeared upset but calm . he pursed his lips and took a deep breath as his lawyer james sultan put his arm around him . he looked over to see his mother , terri , and fiancée , shayanna jenkins , weeping . shayanna is the sister of the victim 's former girlfriend , shaneah jenkins . hernandez mouthed to them , `` it 's ok . '' none of the jurors looked at hernandez as the verdict was read . as each guilty verdict was read , lloyd 's mother , ursula , rocked back and forth . after the verdict , lloyd 's relatives thanked and embraced members of the prosecution team . speaking to reporters later , some members of the jury of seven women and five men admitted to not knowing who patriots owner robert kraft was when he took the stand . hernandez 's downward spiral . but they agreed that his testimony was crucial . kraft testified that hernandez proclaimed his innocence to him and told the team owner that `` he hoped that the time of the murder ... came out because i believe he said he was in a club . '' `` to this day -- we just went through a three-month trial , and this is now two years later -- we still do n't know the exact time of odin 's murder , '' one of the jurors said . `` so i do n't know how aaron would have had that information two years ago . '' the jurors said they learned about other pending cases against hernandez , including a pair of murder counts , after rendering their verdict . asked how that made them feel , one juror said , `` that we did the right thing . '' they deliberated for more than 35 hours over parts of seven days . hernandez was taken to a maximum security reception center for new inmates , massachusetts correctional institution-cedar junction , which is less than four miles from gillette stadium , home of the patriots . as he was being moved , hernandez displayed the same kind of swagger with which he strolled into court each day , the law enforcement source said . hernandez told officers escorting him , `` ' hey man , i 'm going to miss you guys . ... i do n't need any luck any more . ' he gave you the impression , ' it 's kinda like no big deal . ... it is what it is . ' `` 5 things to know about the hernandez jury . his sensational trial started in late january , just days before the patriots super bowl victory over the seattle seahawks amid an unusually long and harsh new england winter . prosecutors took months to present more than 130 witnesses to build their case . the defense wrapped its witnesses in less than a day . prosecutors say lloyd was seen june 17 , 2013 , around 2:30 a.m. with hernandez and hernandez 's friends , carlos ortiz and ernest wallace , in a rented silver nissan altima . later that day , a jogger found his body riddled with gunshots . the prosecution portrayed hernandez as cold , calculating and insecure -- a man who believed others should be grateful for his attention , one capable of murder for merely disrespecting him in the presence of others . mccauley asked jurors in closing arguments : what was hernandez talking about a day after lloyd 's bullet-riddled body was found at a massachusetts industrial park ? `` ' my endorsements are gone , ' `` hernandez said , according to mccauley . `` he 's not talking about odin . '' who is odin lloyd ? wallace and ortiz were longtime friends of hernandez , who had complete control of them , the prosecution said . in closing arguments , mccauley reminded the jury of testimony about hernandez and his two friends sunbathing poolside hours after the slaying , drinking smoothies , and hernandez at times leaving his then 8-month-old child with the two men . `` these guys ... will do whatever he wants , '' the prosecutor said of hernandez . the motive for the killing has never been clearly spelled out , but prosecutors said lloyd might have done or said something that did n't sit well with hernandez . they said hernandez rounded up some friends and orchestrated the killing to settle the score . mccauley said a perceived slight that might seem insignificant to someone , such as disrespect , would easily offend hernandez . shayanna jenkins , hernandez 's fiancee , testified that hernandez told her to dispose of a box from the couple 's home that she said reeked of marijuana . she also said she did n't know what was in the box . the prosecution has said the murder weapon , which has not been recovered , was in the box . after concealing the box with her daughter 's clothing , jenkins said she threw it away in `` a random dumpster '' but could not remember where . another piece of the state 's case was grainy footage from hernandez 's home security system that prosecutors said showed him holding a .45-caliber handgun , the same kind of gun police said was used to kill lloyd . inside the case against aaron hernandez . wallace and ortiz , who were also charged with murder , have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . sultan , hernandez 's attorney , told jurors that hernandez `` witnessed '' lloyd 's killing , `` committed by somebody he knew , '' and that the former nfl player `` really did n't know what to do , so he put one foot in front of another '' and moved on with his life . two other men who were drug dealers allegedly killed lloyd , sultan told the jury . lloyd , who was working for a landscaping firm at the time of his killing , played football for the boston bandits , the oldest semi-pro team in boston and the winner of four championships in the new england football league , the team 's website says . outside court on wednesday , ward fought back tears as she remembered her son as `` the most precious gift in my life . '' `` just like god has left his footprint in the sand , my baby 's footprint is in my heart forever , '' ward said . `` he was my strength . i love him dearly . '' lloyd 's sister olivia thibou said she felt as if she lived in a dream world . `` it 's just another day that odin is not here . '' what prison life will be like for aaron hernandez . cnn 's laura dolan and susan candiotti reported from fall river , and cnn 's ray sanchez wrote from new york . cnn 's greg botelho , jason hanna , ashley fantz , holly yan and mike pearson contributed to this report .