( cnn ) do you remember the talk about plans for iraqi-led force to try to take back mosul this spring ? well , you might want to forget it . nearly three months after a u.s. official said up to 25,000 iraqis troops were expected to return to the key northern iraqi city in april or may , a senior official in president barack obama 's administration said thursday that washington is `` not putting a timeframe on '' a possible invasion . it `` might be some time from now . might be soon , '' another senior administration official said . mosul has long been the big prize in the iraqi government 's fight -- aided by a u.s.-led military coalition , which has carried out airstrikes for months -- to defeat isis . it has also long been a source of embarrassment , considering how it fell after iraqi troops dropped their weapons , abandoned their posts and ran for their lives when militants arrived last june . the senior administration officials who talked to reporters thursday stressed the iraqis and their allies are making progress in their fight against the group that calls itself the islamic state . in fact , officials insist that isis has been degraded substantially thanks to a combination of air power and ground combat . the biggest and most recent example of this came with the recapture a few weeks ago of tikrit , the hometown of former iraqi dictator saddam hussein that is located some 100 miles ( 160 kilometers ) north of baghdad . iraqi forces aided by iranian-backed shiite militiamen took that northern city , the same place where isis allegedly massacred iraqi troops last year . still , mosul is n't tikrit . for one thing , it has a lot more people -- about a million , one obama administration official noted . and it 's more important not only to iraq , but isis , meaning the terrorist group has all the more reason to go all-out to defend it . in some ways , the campaign for mosul has begun , according to officials . there are no plans for u.s. combat troops involvement in an eventual operation , they say , but airstrikes have already targeted isis positions in the area . just because the area has been softened up some from the air , though , does n't mean a full ground assault is imminent . calling for `` patience , '' an administration official said that winning mosul is a complex endeavor . it will `` take a lot of capacity , '' the official said , `` and some time to build . ''