( cnn ) these are fearful times on the highest mountain in the world . the devastating earthquake that hit nepal on saturday set off avalanches that left large numbers of climbers dead , missing , injured or trapped on mount everest . and aftershocks , including a strong one sunday , are continuing to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside , complicating rescue efforts . `` we were sitting here in base camp , feeling the situation was getting better , '' said climber carsten pederson . `` and then suddenly , we felt the aftershock , '' he told cnn on sunday . `` and immediately after the shock , we hear avalanches from all the mountains around us . '' but those avalanches did n't appear to be on the same scale as those that came roaring down on the camp saturday . the base camp on the nepal side of everest is in a vulnerable spot , sitting in a valley surrounded by high himalayan peaks . when the huge , lengthy quake struck saturday , the scores of climbers who had gathered there to prepare for or recover from ascents of the peak had nowhere to run . `` an earthquake that long set off avalanches all the way around us . and they came down -- they were large , they were massive avalanches , '' said jon reiter , an american mountaineer at the base camp . people tried to flee as the onrushing wall of snow , ice and rocks took out large sections of the camp . `` they were trying to outrun the avalanche and you can not , '' said pederson . `` so many people were hit from behind , blown off the mountain , blown into rocks , hit by debris , tents were flying off . '' he said he took shelter behind a large pile of stones . `` i could hardly breathe , but i could stay until the avalanche was over , '' he told cnn . a huge cloud of snow dust billowed hundreds of feet into the sky . `` we all ducked for cover until the cloud passed and then started dealing with the aftermath , '' reiter said . that included at least 17 people killed , dozens injured and many others missing , he said . they are one part of the enormous human toll in nepal and beyond from the catastrophic quake . the many unhurt people at the camp scrambled to help the injured , digging them out of the snow and turning dining tents into makeshift field hospitals . snow that continued to fall made it hard for them to see , hampering their efforts . climbers worked in shifts through the night , nursing the injured as they waited for the weather conditions to improve to allow helicopters in . `` a lot of them are in pretty tough shape , '' reiter said of the injured . the airlifts of those with the most severe injuries began sunday morning after the weather cleared . `` the sun is breaking through the clouds , and the choppers are coming in , '' reiter said . `` we 're pretty grateful . we 're going to get these guys down the hill . '' pederson said that most of the injured people at the base camp had been airlifted out by sunday afternoon . but concerns were growing for the groups of climbers stuck farther up the 29,035-foot ( 8,848-meter ) mountain in camps 1 and 2 . the avalanche was reported to have trapped them above the icefall area , an already treacherous part of the mountain that separates the base camp from camp 1 . `` they 'll have to put a new route in from base camp up through that icefall , '' said jim whittaker , the first american to reach the summit of mount everest . the climbers `` will have to cool it for a couple days , wait until the route is re-established , '' he told cnn . but the frequent aftershocks were making that task more difficult . alex gavan , a mountaineer at the base camp , said sunday on twitter that ropes and other gear were being helicoptered to the people trapped above the icefall . a few of the climbers were taken down by helicopter , but more than 100 were believed to still be up there , he wrote . `` practically , it 's impossible to get them off with helicopters , '' pederson said . `` there are so many people up there . '' amid the struggle to save the living , details started to emerge about some of the dead . among them was dan fredinburg , an american executive at google who had been posting updates about his adventures in nepal on instagram and twitter . his sister , megan , updated the instagram account with a message saying he suffered a major head injury . `` we appreciate all of the love that has been sent our way thus far and know his soul and his spirit will live on in so many of us , '' she wrote . `` all our love and thanks to those who shared this life with our favorite hilarious strong willed man . he was and is everything to us . '' eve girawong , a medic from new jersey who worked on the mountain , was also killed , according to her family and employer . `` on behalf of my family , it is with deep sadness that i write that our beloved daughter , younger sister and best friend has been taken from us today , '' a family member wrote on facebook . `` nong eve girawong was doing the thing she loved doing most -- helping others . words can not describe the heartbreak and pain that we are currently suffering . '' people at the base camp described a grim , chaotic situation after the avalanches saturday . `` it 's a pretty rough scene up here , '' reiter said . he told cnn that he 'd put one dead man inside a sleeping bag and zipped it up . many of those who suffered the worst injuries were asked to write down their names to identify them in case they died , reiter said . the exact number of dead remained unclear . reiter reported 17 ; nima namgyal , a doctor with an expedition at the base camp told cnn that he had seen 14 bodies so far . but an unknown number of people are still missing , buried beneath the snow and ice . the earthquake struck just over a year after an avalanche on everest killed 16 sherpas , the deadliest single disaster on the mountain up to that point . the sherpas , an ethnic group , are famed for their climbing skills and often work as mountain guides . `` this is our job , '' said pasang sherpa , who lost people close to him in the 2014 avalanche . `` so there is always a risk of death . '' reiter was also there last year when that avalanche came crashing down the icefall . he described to cnn at the time the harrowing experience of seeing bodies being removed . the american climber has scaled all of the `` seven summits , '' the highest mountain on each of the seven continents , except everest . this is his third straight year trying to scale the tallest peak of them all . he turned back in 2013 `` because it did n't feel right , '' according to his wife , susan . will reiter try again after witnessing another disaster on the mountain ? `` you would think that he would n't because of this and because of last year , '' susan reiter said from her northern california home . `` but knowing my husband i think he will . i hope not , but i do n't want to hold him back . '' cnn 's greg botelho , katia hetter , jessica king and carma hassan contributed to this report .