( cnn ) seventy years ago , anne frank died of typhus in a nazi concentration camp at the age of 15 . just two weeks after her supposed death on march 31 , 1945 , the bergen-belsen concentration camp where she had been imprisoned was liberated -- timing that showed how close the jewish diarist had been to surviving the holocaust . but new research released by the anne frank house shows that anne and her older sister , margot frank , died at least a month earlier than previously thought . researchers re-examined archives of the red cross , the international training service and the bergen-belsen memorial , along with testimonies of survivors . they concluded that anne and margot probably did not survive to march 1945 -- contradicting the date of death which had previously been determined by dutch authorities . in 1944 , anne and seven others hiding in the amsterdam secret annex were arrested and sent to the auschwitz-birkenau concentration camp . anne frank 's final entry . that same year , anne and margot were separated from their mother and sent away to work as slave labor at the bergen-belsen camp in germany . days at the camp were filled with terror and dread , witnesses said . the sisters stayed in a section of the overcrowded camp with no lighting , little water and no latrine . they slept on lice-ridden straw and violent storms shredded the tents , according to the researchers . like the other prisoners , the sisters endured long hours at roll call . her classmate , nannette blitz , recalled seeing anne there in december 1944 : `` she was no more than a skeleton by then . she was wrapped in a blanket ; she could n't bear to wear her clothes anymore because they were crawling with lice . '' listen to anne frank 's friends describe her concentration camp experience . as the russians advanced further , the bergen-belsen concentration camp became even more crowded , bringing more disease . a deadly typhus outbreak caused thousands to die each day . typhus is an infectious disease caused by lice that breaks out in places with poor hygiene . the disease causes high fever , chills and skin eruptions . `` because of the lice infesting the bedstraw and her clothes , anne was exposed to the main carrier of epidemic typhus for an extended period , '' museum researchers wrote . they concluded that it 's unlikely the sisters survived until march , because witnesses at the camp said the sisters both had symptoms before february 7 . `` most deaths caused by typhus occur around twelve days after the first symptoms appear , '' wrote authors erika prins and gertjan broek . the exact dates of death for anne and margot remain unclear . margot died before anne . `` anne never gave up hope , '' said blitz , her friend . `` she was absolutely convinced she would survive . '' her diary endures as one of the world 's most popular books . read more about anne frank 's cousin , a keeper of her legacy .