( cnn ) chris copeland of the indiana pacers was stabbed after leaving a trendy new york nightclub early wednesday , and two atlanta hawks -- who had just finished a home game hours before the incident -- were among those arrested , according to police and cnn affiliates . the hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident , police said , but were arrested on obstruction and other charges later . though new york police department det . kelly ort initially told cnn the incident occurred just before 4 a.m. at 1oak , a club in new york 's chelsea neighborhood known to draw celebrities among its clientele , the club later told cnn that the stabbing occurred in front of the fulton houses project down the street . `` 1oak staff was unaware of the incident when it happened , as it occurred beyond their view in a different location . however , 1oak 's team assisted mr. copeland to their fullest capabilities , and called for help as soon as he was seen walking back towards the venue , '' the statement said . the statement continued , `` a review of the video footage seems to reveal the incident did not originate from the venue or its immediate surroundings that are under 1oak supervision . '' copeland and a female companion , katrine saltara , were in the club for about 10 minutes before leaving and walking down the street toward fulton houses , where their car was parked , said a 1oak spokesperson . the spokesperson gave cnn additional details on condition of anonymity because 1oak 's legal team had approved only the club 's official statement . the suspect , who the spokesperson said never entered 1oak , stabbed copeland and saltara in front of fulton houses , and according to the club 's statement , `` mr. copeland 's driver sprang to accost and detain the apparent perpetrator and that individual is now in police custody . '' charges against the suspect are pending , and his name will be released once charges are filed , ort said . copeland and saltara tried to make their way back to the club to seek help from the 20 or so security personnel on hand , leaving a `` bloody trail of handprints '' between the site of the stabbing and the club , the spokesperson said . copeland `` almost landed right next to the club , '' the spokesperson said , adding that surveillance footage will not show the actual stabbing because it occurred too far away from the club . the club shut down immediately after the incident , the spokesperson said . a male and two females were taken to area hospitals , ort said . a knife was recovered , a suspect was arrested and two individuals not involved in the dispute -- the hawks ' pero antic , 32 , and thabo sefolosha , 30 -- were arrested on charges of obstructing governmental administration and disorderly conduct , she said . sefolosha faces an additional charge of resisting arrest , ort said . word of the stabbing quickly spread through the club , reaching antic and sefolosha , who went outside to check on their friend , copeland , the 1oak spokesperson said . at one point , the two began pushing their way through a crowd that had gathered around the scene , leading to their arrests , the spokesperson said . `` we will contest these charges and look forward to communicating the facts of the situation at the appropriate time , '' the players said in a joint statement released by the team . `` we apologize to our respective families , teammates , and the hawks ' organization for any negative attention this incident has brought upon them . '' the hawks are in new york for a wednesday night game against the brooklyn nets . neither player will be in uniform , the team said . police released little information wednesday , but local media identified the injured man as copeland , 31 , who is from orange , new jersey . the pacers released a statement saying copeland suffered a knife wound to his left elbow and abdomen , and he 's in stable condition at a new york hospital . `` we are aware that chris copeland was injured early this morning in new york city . we are still gathering information and will update when we know more . our thoughts are with chris and those injured , '' larry bird , the pacers ' president of basketball operations , said in a statement . copeland 's agent , john spencer , issued a statement saying , `` we 're concerned about the safety of chris and katrine . we do n't have any details at this particular time . all we can do is pray and wait . '' the nba and the hawks front office said they were looking into the incident . `` we are aware of the situation involving pero antic and thabo sefolosha this morning . we are in the process of gathering more information and will have further comment at the appropriate time , '' hawks spokesman garin narain said in an email . copeland 's pacers are slated to play the new york knicks on wednesday night . the pair apparently had only recently arrived in new york prior to their arrests , as both were on the court for the hawks ' 96-69 win over the phoenix suns in atlanta on tuesday night . antic played 12 minutes , and sefolosha played 20 . the game ended around 10 p.m . copeland , a former knick , was near the nightclub with saltara when a 22-year-old brooklyn man approached them , police told cnn affiliate wabc . there was some sort of dispute before the suspect stabbed the 6-foot-8-inch copeland in the abdomen , slashed saltara and then slashed another woman , the station reported . saltara suffered cuts to her arm , breast and buttock , and the other woman suffered a slash to her stomach , cnn affiliate wcbs reported . while wcbs reported that the second woman was 53 years old , wabc reported she was 23 . images published in the new york daily news showed a considerable amount of blood on the sidewalk and a white sports coupe , roped off with police tape , with several streaks of blood on its driver 's side . antic and sefolosha interfered with officers trying to establish a crime scene , and one of the hawks pushed a police officer , wabc reported . the hawks are preparing for a historic playoff run after clinching the no . 1 seed in the nba 's eastern conference . tuesday 's win over the suns marked a franchise-best 58 wins in a season for the club . the pacers sit in the conference 's 10th spot but are only one game out of playoff contention . cnn 's laura ly , jason durand and jill martin contributed to this report .