( cnn ) several of the world 's worst terrorist groups , like isis and al-shabaab , aim to create societies governed by strict , distorted versions of sharia law . that means anyone who does n't subscribe to such extremist views are enemies and in danger -- christians included . of course , christians are n't the only ones who have suffered at the hands of such organizations . for example , most victims of isis are fellow muslims who refuse to go along with the isis worldview and ruthless tactics . still , there 's ample evidence that christians have been targeted . the latest came friday , when an italian prosecutor revealed that a network of pakistanis associated with al qaeda talked about attacking the vatican back in march 2010 . `` this is ... a reminder about the world we 're in right now , '' u.s. rep. john delaney , d-maryland , told cnn on friday . `` ... i do think there 's a larger narrative about christian persecution ( by ) militant groups around the world . '' this attack was n't carried out , but many others have been . some acts are not centrally organized but are no less horrific , such as reports that muslim migrants threw 12 christians off a boat in the mediterranean sea . other deadly acts and alleged plots have been blamed on established terror groups , including these recent examples : sid ahmed ghlam asked for an ambulance to come to his paris home on sunday after ( he claimed ) he accidentally shot himself in the thigh . besides getting medical help , ghlam was arrested after authorities found four kalashnikov guns , a revolver , ammunition , police armbands and more in his car and residence , paris prosecutor francois molins said on wednesday . they also turned up `` documents in arabic mentioning al qaeda and isis '' and correspondence with someone in syria `` asking him to target a church . '' prime minister manuel valls later went to a church in the paris suburb of villejuif , one of the at least two such christian places of worship that ghlam allegedly targeted . while he did n't elaborate , molins said that the satellite navigation system in ghlam 's car -- which included a loaded kalashnikov and more -- had one church 's location plugged in . it 's not clear what group , if any , ghlam was working with or possibly getting orders from . still , authorities flatly characterized him as a terrorist -- linking him to the death of 32-year-old aurelie chatelain , whom molins called the region 's first victim of terrorism since the charlie hebdo massacre and kosher market siege in january . regardless of whether ghlam is ever convicted in chatelain 's killing , it appears unlikely that he 'll be able to commit more violence anytime soon . `` a terrorist attack has been foiled , '' french president francois hollande said . isis has turned its beheadings of hostages into horror shows , producing propaganda videos seemingly aimed at producing the maximum amount of terror . what set the one from april apart were the number of people killed and that they were christians from ethiopia . ethiopia 's government said monday that 30 of its citizens were among two groups of prisoners shown being beheaded in libya in a video released a day earlier , according to the ethiopian news agency . that 39-minute video shows one set of captives killed on a beach along the mediterranean sea , while the other group is taken hundreds of miles away , to southern libya . `` all praise be to allah , the lord and cherisher of the world and may peace and blessings be upon the prophet mohammed , '' the video 's narrator says in arabic . `` to the nation of the cross , we are back again on the sands , where the companions of the prophet , peace be upon him , have stepped on before , telling you : muslim blood that was shed under the hands of your religion is not cheap . '' the same video brazenly claims that isis has been merciful to christians in iraq -- by giving them the choice of paying a fine if they refuse to convert to islam . but not all have taken this offer , according to a different speaker . `` the islamic state has offered the christian community this many times and set a deadline for this , '' this speaker says , using the name isis calls itself . `` but the christians never cooperated . '' everyone at kenya 's garissa university college suffered in some way when a handful of al-shabaab gunmen stormed the campus early this month . but death was reserved for christians . according to afp , the terrorists separated students by religion -- allowing muslims to leave and killing christians . nightmare accounts soon emerged , like that of cynthia cherotich , who told cnn that she he hid in her closet when gunmen burst in and called out two of her roommates . `` ( the attackers ) told them if you do n't know to read to them in the muslim word , ... then you lie down , '' recalled cherotich , who refused to come out for two days . `` and then , if you know , you go to the other side . '' this tactic of separating non-muslims from muslims mirrors what al-shabaab attackers did in december at a quarry in the kenyan village of kormey , where at least 36 were killed , according to the kenyan red cross . one of al-shabaab 's explicit aims is to turn somalia , its home base , into a fundamentalist islamic state , according to the council of foreign relations . but that 's not its only apparent goal , as the group has increasingly branched out -- including into neighboring kenya , which is 80 % christian -- to inflict pain and terror . after the the kenya university attack , which left nearly 150 people dead , nadif jama , garissa 's regional governor , dismissed al-shabaab 's claims that it only kills non-muslims as `` a tricky way of doing business . '' `` the fallacy and satanic mindset of al-shabaab is that , in somalia , they kill muslims and somalis , '' jama said , claiming the group 's militants are `` bent on nothing but destruction . ... that is something we need to fight . '' two suicide blasts rocked a christian community in the eastern pakistani city of lahore , killing at least 14 people and wounding scores more , according to officials . and that 's just the beginning , pledged the pakistani taliban . one of the blasts left behind panicked residents , twisted metal and shattered glass outside a church compound in the nishtar colony of lahore , according to video aired by cnn affiliate geo news . afterward , pakistani taliban spokesman ehsanullah ehsan claimed responsibility for the carnage and promised more such attacks until sharia law is implemented in pakistan . these blasts recalled one from september 2013 , when 81 people died in a suicide bombing at the all saints of church of pakistan in peshawar . two attackers burst into the church filled with about 500 people right as services concluded , blowing themselves up , according to the protestant diocese . choir members and children attending sunday school were among the dead . in a subsequent statement , the rev . humphrey s. peter , the bishop of peshawar , called the attack a `` total failure '' of official efforts to protect minorities such as christians , who make up less than 3 % of pakistan 's population . sadly , the shock of the mass killings of the ethiopian christians in april may have been dulled simply because of a nearly identical atrocity a few weeks before . isis released a five-minute video in february showing the mass murder of coptic christians from egypt . produced by the islamic state 's propaganda wing al-hayat media , the video shows black-clad jihadists standing behind their victims on a libyan beach . some of the hostages cry out `` oh god '' and `` oh jesus '' as they are pushed to the ground , just before they take their final breaths . `` the sea you have hidden sheikh osama bin laden 's body in , we swear to allah , we will mix it with your blood , '' a masked man says in english before the beheadings . news of this mass beheading emerged weeks after 21 egyptian christians were kidnapped in two incidents in the libyan coastal city of sirte . the isis video shows the beheading of around a dozen men , though egyptian officials say all 21 kidnapped christians were killed . egypt 's government responded with airstrikes on 10 targets used for training and storage in isis ' libyan stronghold of derna , according to egyptian foreign minister sameh shoukry . `` avenging egyptian blood and punishing criminals and murderers is our right and duty , '' the egyptian military said in a statement that was broadcast on state television . modern-day assyrians are a significant part of human history , tracing their roots back to one of the earliest civilizations . their ancestors were also some of the first people to embrace christianity in large numbers . now the assyrians are battling isis for survival in their native syria and iraq . this fight came into focus in february , when the militant group took over villages and took more than 260 assyrians hostage in northeastern syria , according to osama edward , the founder of the assyrian human rights network . edward expressed fears then that these assyrians in syria would meet the same fate as others in neighboring iraq . some of the assyrian hostages taken in february have been released , but the fate of many more remains unknown . even those not in captivity face dire threats , given isis 's well-established reputation of offering little to no mercy to christians . the number of christians in iraq has plummeted -- from 1.5 million some 20 years ago to some 300,000 today , according to estimates from capni , the largest christian relief organization in northern iraq . isis is n't the only reason for this drop , but it certainly is a big one . the militant group has been brazen in its onslaught in iraq as well as syria , with christians among its targets . that includes its taking over iraq 's largest christian city , the mostly assyrian community of qaraqosh , in august 2014 . isis has inflicted pain and suffering well beyond qaraqosh , though , like its capture and control of mosul , iraq 's second-largest city . the group 's advance there prompted christian families to flee rather than adhere to the ultimatum of converting to islam , paying a fine or facing `` death by sword . '' mark arabo , a chaldean-american leader and spokesman for the group ending genocide in iraq , claims that iraqi christian children have been beheaded , mothers raped and fathers killed by isis militants in recent months . `` this is truly a living nightmare that 's not going away , '' arabo told cnn . `` christianity in mosul is dead , and a christian holocaust is in our midst . ''