( cnn ) it was a masterful performance . i watched in awe on thursday as cardiothoracic surgeon and celebrity talk show host mehmet oz surfed a gargantuan wave of criticism to shore . i should have expected that dr. oz would keep standing in the face of charges from a group of colleagues that he pushed `` quack treatments ... for personal financial gain . '' and thanks to the ineptitude of his critics this round , he may have actually boosted his media empire . but he 's increasingly serving himself at a cost to columbia university and new york presbyterian hospital . if dr. oz was ever going to go down , surely his ship would 've sunk last summer in the wake of his disastrous testimony before a senate subcommittee . he was ostensibly invited to speak as an expert witness about bogus weight loss products , but sen. claire mccaskill , chairwoman of the senate 's consumer protection panel , instead made him her chief example of the kind of snake oil salesmen that keep hoodwinking consumers into thinking there 's a quick fix for their expanding waistlines . john oliver subsequently eviscerated oz on his hit hbo show `` last week tonight . '' in a segment that 's now garnered over 6 million youtube views , oliver makes quick work of oz 's claims about `` magic '' green coffee beans , a product that 's now earned a $ 9 million ftc fine for its false marketing claims . despite his utter humiliation , dr. oz soldiered on , with his university and hospital continuing to stand by him , and with harpo productions and sony , who co-produce `` the dr. oz show , '' fully behind his program . if the u.s. senate could n't bring him down , what made this particular collection of 10 doctors think they could do it with their recent letter to columbia university , where dr. oz holds a tenured professorship and administrative position in the department of surgery and performs his duties at columbia-affiliated new york presbyterian hospital ? the doctors insisted that the university must disassociate itself from dr. oz for his now well-established tendency to promote cure-alls more befitting 1915 than 2015 . turnabout is fair play . and oz and his producers responded with alacrity , slicing and dicing his ill-prepared challengers with an investigative segment that would 've made `` dateline '' proud . he and his team score points with me for pointing out the media 's own failings in delightedly circulating the letter without looking into the backgrounds of anyone involved . it 's a simple matter to question ulterior motives when the letter itself takes pains to highlight oz 's critical attitude toward gmo foods , not one of his greatest indiscretions by a long shot . dr. oz after all has conducted experiments on his tv audience , apparently in violation of the rules of his own academic medical center . he has a propensity to spout laughably definitive statements with little to no scientific support , such as his advice that `` every kid in america ought to be on omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin d from either the sun or a pill '' because this regimen will help them withstand concussions . instead of mounting a defense of the indefensible claims he delivers so easily and often , dr. oz routed his critics by quickly pivoting to the undercurrents of their letter . he correctly pointed out that several of the letter 's signatories are gmo industry shills . one of the writers campaigned against a california proposition requiring gmo labeling , and one of the bunch even served time for felony medicaid fraud . these characters never stood a chance in tipping the scales against dr. oz , but they got their headlines nonetheless . dr. oz was able to transition their critique of his apparent disregard for science on his program into an easily vanquished attack on his straightforward stand for consumers ' right to accurate product labeling . when my wife first brought the letter to my attention , i immediately wanted to know whether these were columbia physicians . this whole affair would 've played out quite differently if a slate of credible colleagues based at his own institution were coming out against dr. oz . so far they 've made no demand for his resignation , though some colleagues made their discomfort public in an op-ed for usatoday last week . dr. oz is well-aware that some colleagues question him , discussing that tension in his time magazine op-ed . he says he does n't expect all physicians to understand his approach to health promotion , where he 's willing to entertain just about everything , even seances . the closed , physician-only social network sermo issued dr. oz numerous questions from its membership , none of which dr. oz answered . they are revelatory of physician attitudes toward him nonetheless . one doc asked dr. oz how he could keep up with the fast-changing world of cardiothoracic surgery and carry on with his show every weekday . another asked him how he knows so much about so many areas of medicine -- `` ru board certified n all these areas ? `` . both types of questions show the profound disconnect between most physicians , who tend not to speak unless they are certain in their expertise on a topic , and the way the media industry works . dr. oz 's show does n't require he stay up late at night prepping for the next day -- he has an office full of production staff behind him . let 's take it as a given that not every physician across america , or at columbia , has to agree with what dr. oz says on his program . i certainly do n't . does he have the right to say it ? yes , but not without challenge . a real case can be made that dr. oz has used his media megaphone to do harm as well as good . he is now a polarizing figure , and while columbia university should be lauded for protecting the free speech of its academic staff , the equation with dr. oz is becoming increasingly complex . he 's no longer simply good pr for the university and new york presbyterian hospital , which is often featured in his show . the letter writers were correct about one thing : columbia 's reputation is now linked with the big kahuna standing right out in front .