( cnn ) a new kansas law banning a common second-term abortion procedure is the first of its kind in the united states . the law , signed by kansas gov . sam brownback on tuesday , bans what it describes as `` dismemberment abortion '' and defines as `` knowingly dismembering a living unborn child and extracting such unborn child one piece at a time from the uterus . '' supporters of the measure described it as a groundbreaking step , while opponents warned it was dangerous and among the most restrictive abortion laws in the country . the law does not spell out a specific time frame that limits when an abortion can occur , but it bans the dilation and evacuation abortion procedure commonly used during the second trimester of pregnancy . the law allows for the procedure if `` necessary to protect the life or health of the mother , '' according to a statement on brownback 's website . on twitter , brownback , a republican , said he was proud to sign a law `` protecting life at its most vulnerable stage . '' planned parenthood advocates of kansas and mid-missouri sharply criticized the move , which it described as the latest in a series of `` extreme political measures aimed at denying women access to health care and at undermining their decision-making ability . '' `` kansas is now not only the sole state with this atrocious law ; it also now has more restrictions on abortion than any state in the u.s. , '' the advocacy group said in a facebook post . both sides appear to be prepared to take their battle over such measures to other states -- and to court . carol tobias , the president of national right to life , said in a statement that the kansas law was the first of what her organization hopes `` will be many state laws . '' `` this law has the power to transform the landscape of abortion policy in the united states , '' she said . julie burkhart , ceo of wichita-based south wind women 's center , said on twitter that the signing of the law marked a sad day for kansas and the united states . `` this law puts women at risk and ties doctors ' hands , '' she said . `` we 'll continue to fight ! '' cnn 's sam stringer contributed to this report .