nairobi , kenya ( cnn ) kenyan deputy president william ruto on saturday gave the united nations ' refugee agency three months to relocate refugees from the dadaab camp -- the world 's largest -- to somalia , or `` we shall relocate them ourselves . '' `` the way america changed after 9/11 is the way kenya will change after garissa , '' ruto said in nyeri , according to a statement from his office . al-shabaab gunmen stormed garissa university college in eastern kenya this month , killing 147 people . kenya 's government says that attack was masterminded by senior al-shabaab leader mohamed mohamud , whose `` extensive terrorist network within kenya '' extends into the sprawling dadaab complex , according to a kenyan government document given to cnn . students wake to islamist militants ' terror . ruto , who is the second highest-ranking person in kenya 's government behind president uhuru kenyatta , said his government has had discussions with united nations officials about what to do with the camp . on saturday , a u.n. high commissioner for refugees officer said the agency had not received any formal request from kenya 's government about moving dadaab . the u.n. refugee agency manages the dadaab complex , having set up the first camps there in late 1991 amid somalia 's civil war . the agency and the governments of both kenya and somalia agreed in 2013 on a process for the repatriation of somali refugees . but that was supposed to be mutually agreed-upon and voluntary , in accordance with the refugees ' `` freely expressed wish and their relevant knowledge of the conditions '' where they 'd end up , according to the pact . none of those things , it seems , applies now to the move pushed by ruto on saturday . it 's not clear where he expects the refugees to go , other than somewhere into somalia and out of kenya . any mass move would be a monumental task , disrupting the already difficult lives of more than 600,000 somalis who call the camp their home . simply meeting basic needs is a challenge in the vast complex , which has seen devastating droughts , contagious diseases and other travails that have tested its residents and those trying to help . still , as tough as conditions there are , they are seen as a better alternative to life back in somalia , where al-shabaab is based and has carried out violent attacks for years . yet the islamist extremist group has n't confined its terror to its homeland , as illustrated by the garissa attack and the 2013 siege of nairobi 's upscale westgate mall , which ended with at least 67 dead . the dadaab complex came under government scrutiny after the westgate mall attack , too . but just a few weeks later , cnn 's nima elbagir managed to go from somalia to the dadaab refugee camp undetected by taking one of the panya , or `` rat routes , '' just like many others have done , al-shabaab sympathizers among them . such illicit travel along porous borders as well as police officers ' willful ignorance of migrants ' fake ids , as acknowledged by then-interior minister ole lemku , illustrates kenya 's challenge in keeping out threats from somalia . that 's why , in addition to moving the dadaab camp , kenya is building of a 435-mile ( 700-kilometer ) wall covering most of the somali border from mandera to kiunga -- a wall that ruto says has begun to prevent al-shabaab elements from getting into kenya . the deputy president also vowed that any businesses collaborating with the militant group will be shut down . these measures are in addition to kenyan airstrikes on al-shabaab camps in somalia in the days after the garissa massacre . `` we must secure this country at whatever cost , even if we lose business with somalia , '' ruto said saturday . `` no politics , no games , no half-measures should apply , as the death of the 147 students must touch all kenyans . '' cnn 's lillian leposo reported from nairobi , and cnn 's greg botelho reported and wrote this story from atlanta .