centennial , colorado ( cnn ) after months of intensive questioning , a jury has finally been picked for the trial of colorado movie theater massacre suspect james holmes . twelve jurors and twelve alternates are on the list . the group includes 19 women and five men . it 's almost entirely white and mostly middle-aged . it 's a key step in the case , and it 's been a long time coming . jury selection started in january with 9,000 potential jurors . but the legal wrangling is the case is just revving up . holmes ' defense attorneys asked for a change of venue after the jury was seated tuesday . the judge denied their request , noting that a jury had already been seated . opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on april 27 . holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others when he allegedly opened fire inside a packed theater during the midnight showing of `` the dark knight rises '' on july 20 , 2012 . the one-time neuroscience doctoral student faces 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder charges . now 27 , he has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . if convicted of the most serious charges , he could face a death sentence . wearing a gray dress shirt and tan slacks , holmes sat quietly in court on tuesday , looking relaxed and leaning back in his chair for much of the day as lawyers made their picks from the jury pool . he looked down often , but smiled occasionally , such as when the judge made a joke about a juror needing to share his cheetos and when the district attorney accidentally addressed a male juror as a `` miss . '' even though he looked calm , defense lawyer tamara brady started her question and answer session with jurors tuesday by expression concerns about holmes getting a fair and impartial trial , saying `` i 'm nervous '' and `` my client is nervous . '' district attorney george brauchler warned jurors to brace themselves . tuesday 's court session , he said , was the lawyers ' last chance to find out if there is `` any reason you should n't be one of the 24 to sit through the four to five months of a horrible roller coaster through the worst haunted house you can imagine . '' cnn 's ana cabrera and sara weisfeldt reported from centennial city . cnn 's catherine e. shoichet reported from atlanta . cnn 's michael martinez contributed to this report .