( cnn ) north korea accused mexico of illegally holding one of its cargo ships wednesday and demanded the release of the vessel and crew . the ship , the mu du bong , was detained after it ran aground off the coast of mexico in july . mexico defended the move wednesday , saying it followed proper protocol because the company that owns the ship , north korea 's ocean maritime management company , has skirted united nations sanctions . `` because the company has avoided the sanctions imposed by the u.n. security council , the mexican government is acting on the basis of its international obligations as a responsible u.n. member state , '' the permanent mission of mexico to the united nations said . the security council blacklisted ocean maritime management in july , saying it `` played a key role in arranging the shipment of concealed arms and related materiel '' on another ship , the chong chon gang , which was detained by panama in 2013 . but an myong hun , north korea 's deputy ambassador to the united nations , said there was no reason to hold the mu du bong and accused mexico of violating the crew members ' human rights by keeping them from their families . `` mu du bong is a peaceful , merchant ship and it has not shipped any items prohibited by international laws or regulations , '' an told reporters at the united nations headquarters wednesday . `` and we have already paid full compensation to mexican authorities according to its domestic laws . '' according to mexico 's u.n. mission , the 33 north korean nationals who make up the vessel 's crew are free , staying at a hotel in the port city of tuxpan and regularly visiting the ship to check on it . they will soon be sent back to north korea with help from the country 's embassy , mexican authorities said . in the case of the chong chon gang , panamanian authorities found it was carrying undeclared weaponry from cuba -- including mig fighter jets , anti-aircraft systems and explosives -- buried under thousands of bags of sugar . panama seized the cargo and held onto the ship and its crew for months . north korea eventually agreed to pay a fine of $ 666,666 for the vessel 's release . cnn 's jethro mullen contributed to this report .