los angeles ( cnn ) it 's more than just one state 's internal problem . the historic california drought hurts the rest of the union , too . that 's because california is a breadbasket to the nation , growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts . here 's why we should heed the ongoing drought in the most populous state , a slowly expanding natural disaster now in its fourth year that this week prompted gov . jerry brown to announce a mandatory 25 % cutback in water consumption in all cities . in 2014 , one expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries because of the california drought . he was often right , according to statistics gathered by timothy richards , agribusiness professor at arizona state university . prices rose last year for these items on your kitchen table : • berries rose in price by about 80 cents per clamshell to $ 3.88 . • broccoli by 11 cents per pound to $ 1.89 . • grapes by 64 cents a pound to $ 3.06 . • melons by 24 cents a pound to $ 1.23 . • packaged salad by 23 cents a bag to $ 2.91 . • peppers by 26 cents a pound to $ 2.39 . though fruits and vegetable prices fell in february , overall prices are expected to rise this year , because of inflation , u.s. department of agriculture economist annemarie kuhns said . fresh fruit prices are projected to rise between 2.5 % and 3.5 % , and vegetables between 2 % and 3 % , close to historical average increases , kuhns said . whether the california drought will affect food prices again this year is unknown , thanks to a strong dollar . the greenback 's strength allows producers to import crops that may be withering under the absence of west coast rain or other misfortunes elsewhere in the nation , kuhns said . moreover , the drop in oil prices also eases the cost of transporting food from california to the other 49 states , she said . what economists do n't know yet is whether farmers will plant fewer crops because of the drought . those decisions are now being made in the field and could boost supermarket prices , she said . `` the drought in california does have the potential to impact the price we pay for fresh fruit and fresh vegetables and dairy and fresh eggs we pay at the counter , '' kuhns said . `` we are not sure what the exact impact will be . '' the reality is there 's a major drought throughout the west and southwest . while not as bad as california , texas and oklahoma are also seeing extreme and exceptional drought -- the two worst categories -- in several parts of their states , the u.s. drought monitor said this week . overall , the western drought affects more than 52 million people , the monitor says . as a result , consumers paid a whopping extra 12.1 % for beef and veal in 2014 , the usda reports . straining under a drought that began in 2012 , ranchers in texas and oklahoma last year saw smaller grazing pastures , paid more for feed , and experienced difficulties accessing water to cool their cattle . so the cattlemen began culling their herds , kuhns said . this year 's beef and veal prices should rise only by 6 % at most , still higher than the 4.1 % historical average , the feds project . but beef prices offer an object lesson about the drought . `` there 's other areas being affected , '' kuhns said . it 's called the golden state for the gold rush of yore , but let 's face it : the rest of the nation flocks to california for vacation because of another golden reason . its year-round sunshine . so the next time you take a holiday in california , you 'll find a few changes around here , thanks to the drought . like asking for a glass of water at a restaurant . you wo n't find water waiting for you on the table . eateries now `` can only serve water to customers on request , '' the state water resources control board declared in march under expanded emergency regulations . tourists can also expect to hear a lot of requests at hotels about whether they want their linens and towels laundered daily . these requests are mandatory under the new regulations . and they 'll see fewer homes running decorative fountains . because much of the snowpack in the sierra nevada has alarmingly disappeared , many ski resorts shut down early this year , including at lake tahoe , and some are now building zip lines , mountain bike trails and wedding venues to keep tourists coming , the sacramento bee reported . `` if the drought continues through next winter and we do not conserve more , the consequences could be even more catastrophic than they already are , '' state water board chair felicia marcus said in march . but what about those yummy california wines , you ask ? guess what . they 're only getting better -- because of the drought . yes , you read that right . the 2014 wine grape harvest was `` third in a string of great vintages this decade , '' the wine institute says . `` california vintners and growers across the state are grateful for another excellent vintage , despite an ongoing drought and earthquake that rocked south napa in late august just as crush was getting underway , '' the institute said in a statement last year . `` a mild winter and spring caused early bud break , although the overall length of the growing season was similar to past years . '' wine grapes use relatively low water , said institute spokeswoman gladys horiuchi . `` yes , drought years tend to produce terrific quality , '' she added . `` with the record high california wine grape harvests in 2012 , 2013 and 2014 , there is a good supply of california wine . '' that may be the only thing to toast about this drought .