( cnn ) silent , almost shy as she headed into manhattan criminal court , ailina tsarnaeva was anything but timid when it came to a perceived rival , prosecutors say . according to a criminal complaint , tsarnaeva threatened a woman in a phone call this summer , saying `` leave my man alone . '' `` stop looking for him . ... i know people that can put a bomb where you live , '' she said , according to the complaint . considering who was making the threats , prosecutors did n't consider it a joke and charged tsarnaeva with aggravated harassment , which she denies . leaving court last december , she and her lawyer refused to discuss the case . tsarnaeva is the sister of dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev . authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 boston marathon bombing , which left three people dead and more than 260 others injured . police shot and killed tamerlan tsarnaev , 26 , during the manhunt and later captured dzhokhar , who is now on trial . tsarnaev 's lawyers do n't dispute that he did it . the defense argues that he was influenced and enlisted by his older , self-radicalized brother to commit acts of terror . defense rests in boston marathon bombing trial . the tsarnaev family first immigrated to the boston area back in 2002 . the parents , fleeing a troubled region of russia , were treated as legal residents and granted asylum -- a status that opened the door for taxpayer-funded welfare . the state of massachusetts has confirmed the tsarnaevs received food stamps , public housing and other aid , on and off , between 2002 and 2012 . during this time , tamerlan tsarnaev began his conversion to radical islam . then , according to investigators , he began filling his younger brother 's head with a hatred toward the west . not much is known about the two tsarnaeva daughters , ailina , 24 , and bella , 26 , though their last known address was in north bergen , new jersey . along with charges of making bomb threats , ailina tsarnaeva has a past record that includes misleading police in a counterfeiting case . she pleaded guilty but got no jail time . she was also charged with leaving the scene of an accident , but that charge was dismissed . her older sister , bella , was charged with marijuana possession and intent to distribute after a 2012 arrest , and she entered a pretrial intervention program . even their mother , zubeidat tsarnaeva , has had issues with the law . she fled back to russia in 2012 , where she remains a fugitive . records show that she was arrested in june 2012 for allegedly shoplifting $ 1,600 worth of women 's clothing from a boston-area lord & taylor department store . she is wanted on felony charges of shoplifting and destruction of property . russia raised concerns to u.s. authorities about her in 2011 at the same time they asked the united states about her son tamerlan , several sources told cnn shortly after the 2013 attack . u.s. authorities added the mother and son to the terrorist identities datamart environment , or tide , database -- a collection of more than a half-million names maintained by the national counterterrorism center , an intelligence official said . fbi agents interviewed zubeidat tsarnaev as part of the investigation into her son , whose case was closed after several months . the radicalization of tsarnaev . in russia , she has maintained her innocence in the shoplifting case while also calling the charges against her sons `` made up . '' though not elaborating on her beliefs , ailina tsarnaeva has said she believes , as her mother does , that her surviving brother dzhokhar and her dead brother tamerlan are innocent . dzhokhar tsarnaev , now 21 , faces 30 criminal counts , including using a weapon of mass destruction causing death . on tuesday , one day after federal prosecutors rested after calling more than 90 witnesses , defense lawyers rested their case without calling tsarnaev to the stand . closing arguments are expected monday . tsarnaev attorney : ' it was him ' . watch erin burnett weekdays 7pm et . for the latest from erin burnett click here .