nairobi ( cnn ) an elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from nairobi , kenya , to garissa , where al-shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on april 2 , according to one of the commandos who participated in the response operation . the commando asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals and because he was not authorized to speak . al-shabaab slaughtered 147 people at the school . of the fatalities , 142 were students at the university , and the rest were security forces and campus security . at 7:00 a.m. local time , the response team was told to assemble for a mission to garissa , the police commando told cnn . at 8:00 a.m. , he said , the team was told there were no police aircraft available to take them . a reserve team was then sent by road , while the main commando team waited in nairobi for air transport , he said . once told aircraft would be available , it took the commando team nearly two hours to travel the roughly 22 miles ( 35 kilometers ) to the airport because of the heavy traffic , the commando source said . but kenya 's police air wing chief col. rogers mbithi denied that his unit caused any delay in the response to the university attack . mbithi told cnn two fixed wing aircraft were ready and waiting for the commandos 45 minutes before the police commandos were ready to depart around 12:30 p.m. local time . government names kenya attack mastermind . mbithi conceded that one of the two aircraft ultimately used to transport the commandos to garissa left nairobi at 7:30 a.m. to fly to mombasa on a scheduled flight , hours after the garissa terror attack began . that plane picked up the chief 's daughter-in-law and two children , and returned to nairobi at its scheduled time of 11:39 a.m. , mbithi said . the first aircraft carrying police commandos eventually departed for garissa at 12:30 p.m. , followed by a second aircraft about 10 minutes later , mbithi said . inside college dorm 's scene of slaughter . after arriving in garissa by plane , the commando team rehearsed the assault on the university compound for about two-and-a-half hours , the commando source told cnn . the police assault to retake the university compound began around 5 p.m. and lasted about 15 minutes . one commando was killed in the assault . all four al-shabaab attackers were killed . another law enforcement source told cnn that by 7:00 a.m. the al-shabaab terrorists had already killed most of the students , saying : `` it was never a hostage situation . '' the problems plaguing kenya 's security efforts . other kenyan officials have previously defended the response to the university attack . manoah esipisu , a spokesman for kenya 's president and deputy president , told cnn last week that in emergency situations there is always criticism regarding whether governments reacted as fast as they could have or should have . `` with the benefit of hindsight , you can always say things could have been done better , '' he said . kenyan authorities saved a lot of students and `` got the job done , '' he said . foreign minister amina mohamed told cnn the response was sufficient and denied reports that it was the elite rapid response team alone that brought an end to the situation . `` we have a military garrison in garissa , and the work began immediately after the attack was reported and continued for a number of hours until we were able to rescue 663 students of the 800 students that had been taken hostage by these terrorists . so the response was adequate , '' she said . lillian leposo reported in nairobi . lonzo cook reported in atlanta . cnn 's jethro mullen also contributed to this report .