( cnn ) they left iran unwillingly , often in a hurry . it was for the best for these refugees . iran is a difficult place to be gay or lesbian . mahmoud ahmadinejad , the former president of iran , famously said during a 2007 trip to the united states , `` in iran , we do n't have homosexuals , like in your country . '' of course , they do live there , in fear of being discovered . homosexuality is illegal . you can be executed if convicted of engaging in sexual acts . kissing another person of the same sex can earn corporal punishment , like lashes . others have been pressured to undergo gender reassignment . psychologists in iran have reportedly pushed lgbt patients toward hormone therapy and eventually surgery . some flee the country before surgery , as do other homosexuals who believe they may be outed . many come to turkey , and the small town of denizli is host to hundreds of gays and lesbians from iran who are now in limbo . photographer laurence rasti , the swiss-born daughter of iranian parents , flew from her home in geneva , to denizli to explore her fascination with identity issues in iran . `` i could n't understand that in iran ( homosexuality ) is n't accepted , '' she said recently by phone from geneva . `` a lot of my friends are gay . and for me it was a huge cultural difference between europe and iran . '' rasti , whose yearlong project was part of her studies at ecole cantonale d'art de lausanne , said that when she first went to turkey , it was difficult to get people to pose . they did n't trust her motives , did n't trust strangers , she said . it was a process to become friends . she would talk to the potential subjects about their stories then discuss with them her ideas for what the photo would be like . `` i took a little part of their story to imagine a photograph , '' she said . there was another challenge . social media . follow @ cnnphotos on twitter to join the conversation about photography . `` it was a work about identity even though we do n't see faces , '' she said . she hopes the images will give back to each of these people the face that their country has `` temporarily stolen . '' rasti , 25 , said once people understood her sincerity , and the anonymity of the project , they agreed to be photographed . rasti , a photographer for four years , used her mamiya 7 to give people a view into the spirit of these refugees . despite their status -- they can not earn a living in turkey and it take years to getting papers to go to a new country -- the refugees are still full of hope and love despite their rough lives , rasti said . it 's even more remarkable , she said , when you consider how they never imagined having to flee the land they loved and then lie to their families , many telling their kin they left to pursue their studies . most will eventually go on to a third country . rasti said she remains friends with some of her subjects who now live in canada . a few will return to iran , hoping to keep their homosexuality a secret . rasti hopes her photos spark dialogue . `` the reason i did this project is , i want use photos to talk about something that i think is important , '' she said . `` i wanted to let people know people know it is not unnatural . when people are afraid of something or do n't accept something , i think we should talk about it . '' laurence rasti is a swiss-born iranian photographer based in geneva .