( cnn ) a professor at texas a & m galveston said in an email to his strategic management students that they were a disgrace , that they lacked maturity -- and that he would fail the entire class . irwin horwitz , an instructional associate professor in the university 's department of maritime administration , told cnn affiliate kprc that he had finally reached a breaking point . `` enough was enough , '' horwitz said . `` it became apparent that they could n't do just some of the most simple and basic things that they should 've been able to do at that point . '' in the email to students , kprc reported , horwitz said : `` i have seen cheating , been told by students to ' chill out , ' ' get out of my space , ' ' go back and teach ' refuse to leave the room after being told to do so following inappropriate conduct , called a 'f*****g moron ' several times by a student to my face ... '' horwitz added that students spread hurtful rumors about him , his wife and colleagues , and that he felt the need for police protection in class . john shaw , a senior at texas a & m galveston and student in horwitz 's class , told kprc he was worried about the job he has lined up after graduation . `` just ridiculous , because , i mean , i had never had a problem in the class , '' shaw said . `` i thought i had done pretty well , done pretty well on the first test and everything else that 's going on . i get an email saying i am going to get an f in the class , and just kind of -- it was overwhelming . '' texas a & m galveston is a part of the texas a & m university system ; its more than 2,000 students focus on marine and maritime studies . patrick louchouarn , the vice president for academic affairs and chief academic officer , told kprc that the university will not necessarily stand by the failing grades horwitz planned to hand out . university officials said the department head will take over teaching the strategic management class . `` none of them have failed until the end of the class , meaning the only reason a student would fail is because he or she has n't performed the actual , you know , with the expectations for that particular class , '' louchouarn said . university officials have not yet responded to cnn 's request for comment .