( cnn ) for lt . colonel john schwemmer , the scenery is all too familiar . this is his sixth tour in iraq , and he 's back doing a job that he 's been tasked with before : training iraqi soldiers . schwemmer and other active u.s. military personnel are on the ground in iraq , whipping often ill-equipped government troops into shape . they 've been here before , but this time , he feels , they 're getting it right . but the u.s. military is n't the only contingent of western forces in the region -- dozens of foreigners , including americans , have volunteered to take the fight to isis . and increasingly , u.s. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies , who are working with kurdish government troops and even militia in iraq and syria . `` many of us do feel that we do have the skills and qualifications that can be used to benefit those in the region , '' said ian bradbury , a canadian former soldier who is training kurdish peshmerga forces in northern iraq . while it is difficult to say how many foreign volunteers are fighting isis , a spokesman for a kurdish militia fighting against them in syria -- known as the ypg -- told the new york times their forces include more than 100 american citizens . u.s. law enforcement officials say it is illegal to join a syrian militia . but some organizations have set up recruitment drives online , featuring applications for foreign fighters complete with checklists of what to bring and advice on bringing body armor across international borders . jordan matson , a 28-year-old former u.s. army soldier from the tiny town of sturtevant , wisconsin , volunteered with the ypg . he told cnn that after much soul searching he realized that he needed to help in the battle against isis ' brutal , expansionist regime . `` i got in contact with the ypg on facebook and prayed about it for probably a month or two and asked , ' is this what i want to do ? ' and eventually , you know , decided to do it . `` all my life i wanted to be a solider ... so i guess this just fits well over here . '' but foreign fighters are n't universally welcomed by those opposing isis . the peshmerga , the military wing of the kurdish regional government ( krg ) that has been one of the most effective counterbalances to isis ' expansion , has said they do n't want or need foreign fighters , according to bradbury . `` the information i 've been getting back is that there 's very little use for ( western fighters ) on the front lines , especially on the krg side -- they have significant numbers of personnel -- it 's a source of kurdish pride for them to rise up in scenarios like this . they more need the development assistance . '' peshmerga spokesman helgurd hekmat also told kurdish news wire rudaw that it was illegal for foreigners to join their ranks . while individual fighters are not always accepted , volunteers working as military trainers are sharing their expertise to support those on the front lines of the fight against isis forces . bradbury set up 1st north american expeditionary forces ( 1st naef ) , a training body which , he says , is currently providing material support and training to the peshmerga , whose name means `` those who face death , '' in northern iraq . `` internal capacity building is by far the solution that you can put into a region that is suffering instability from conflict , '' he told cnn by phone from his base in ottawa , canada . `` increasing their ability to maintain stability over the long term is far better than trying to influx it with a bunch of westerners who are going to leave within a short period of time . '' he was prompted to establish the group after seeing `` fairly significant gaps '' in the support provided by the coalition forces for the kurdish , iraqi regular and militia ranged against isis . the u.s. military is `` confident '' that its support of the forces battling isis on the ground is sufficient . `` we 're confident the u.s. military mission of degrading and ultimately defeating ( isis ) will be found by working through our middle eastern partners and the international community , '' maj. omar villarreal , communication integration planner , u.s. central command communication integration directorate , told cnn . `` the training element of the mission is no different . it relies on direct and comprehensive military cooperation with regional partner nations , who share a mutual interest in promoting security . one of the goals of the train and equip program , is to build the capabilities of the moderate syrian fighters to defend the syrian people . we are confident in our efforts . '' with coalition members keen to distance themselves from calls for western boots on the ground -- and little political appetite from overseas for risking western troops in what many see as a sectarian conflict , bradbury contends that the best-case scenario is exactly the kind of logistical support that organizations like 1st naef are providing . isis is keen to play up religious and sectarian divisions in order to create the perception that they are the sunni protectors of a persecuted underclass , sending non-arab troops into the battlefield -- even in a support role -- could play into that divisive rhetoric . bradbury downplays this risk , saying the threat is there , and is best contained in the region . providing noncombat backing , such as medical , weaponry , logistical and training assistance would appear , he thinks , to be the best way of supporting those kurdish and arab troops on the front . `` regardless of perceptions of any kind of us-against-them scenario , it absolutely is a world-against-isis issue that needs to take place and there definitely needs to be a global response , '' he said .