panama city , panama ( cnn ) ending a decades-long standstill in u.s.-cuba relations , president barack obama met for an hour saturday with his cuban counterpart raul castro , the first time the two nations ' top leaders have sat down for substantive talks in more than 50 years . the meeting in a small conference room on the sidelines of the summit of the americas came as the two countries work to end the cold war enmity that had led to a total freeze of diplomatic ties . and while both leaders proclaimed progress had been made , a key stumbling block -- cuba 's place on the u.s. list of countries that sponsor terror -- remained unresolved . `` this is obviously an historic meeting , '' obama said at the beginning of his session with castro , claiming that decades of strain had done little to benefit either cubans or citizens of the united states . `` it was time for us to try something new , '' he said . ‎ '' we are now in a position to move on a path toward the future . '' castro , who earlier in the day said he trusted obama , acknowledged there would be difficult stumbling blocks as his nation works to repair ties with the united states . but he said those differences could be surmounted . `` we are willing to discuss everything , but we need to be patient , very patient , '' castro said . `` we might disagree on something today on which we could agree tomorrow . '' speaking to reporters after his session with castro , obama said the meeting was `` candid and fruitful '' and could prove to be a `` turning point '' in his push to defrost ties with cuba . but he said he had n't yet decided whether to remove cuba 's designation as a state sponsor of terror , an outcome that had previously been expected during the summit . the state department provided obama with a review of the terror status this week . `` i want to make sure i have a chance to read it , study it before we announce publicly what the policy outcome is going to be , '' obama said . `` but in terms of the overall direction of cuba policy , i think there is a strong majority both in the united states and in cuba that says our ability to engage , to open up commerce and travel and people to people exchanges is ultimately going to be good for cuban people . '' on friday night , obama and castro greeted each other courteously amid an explosion of camera flashes , shaking hands before dining at the inaugural session of the conference . the two sat at the same table but not directly next to one another . before obama arrived in panama on wednesday , he spoke with castro by phone , laying the groundwork for what will become a new era of relations between the neighboring countries . `` the cold war has been over for a long time , '' obama said during opening remarks at the summit saturday . `` i 'm not interested in having battles , frankly , that began before i was born . '' that exhortation , however , seemed to be lost on castro himself , who expanded what was meant to be a six-minute speech into a 50-minute address lecturing leaders on cuba 's revolution and giving a litany of perceived grievances to cuba over the past 50 years . but he distinguished obama from past american presidents , saying he respected obama 's move toward reconciliation . `` in my opinion , president obama in an honest man , '' castro said through an interpreter . `` i admire him , and i think his behavior has a lot to do with his humble background . '' a u.s. administration official said castro 's long list of grievances was expected , despite the move toward diplomatic ties . `` ( what 's ) unique and new is what he said about the president , '' the official said of castro 's praise for obama . obama announced in december that he was seeking to renew diplomatic relations with cuba after half a century of strife , including eventually opening embassies in washington and havana . obama set to test engagement doctrine with cuba in panama . his meeting with castro on saturday is n't being billed as a formal bilateral session , but obama 's aides are still characterizing the event as the highest-level engagement with the cuban government since then-vice president richard nixon met with fidel castro in 1959 . `` we 're in new territory here , '' ben rhodes , obama 's deputy national security adviser , said friday . `` the reason we 're here is because the president strongly believes that an approach that was focused entirely on isolation , focused entirely on seeking to cut off the cuban people from the united states of america had failed . '' the overtures to cuba have not been universally popular in the united states ; some lawmakers were irate that obama was seeking to engage what they regard as a corrupt government . `` a recommendation to remove cuba from the list of state sponsors of terrorism would represent another significant misstep in a misguided policy , '' sen. bob menendez , a democrat who used to the chair the foreign relations committee , wrote in a statement last week . in latin america , however , obama was receiving a warm welcome after announcing he was seeking to engage havana in talks over reopening embassies and removing barriers to commerce and travel . 9 things you wanted to ask about the cuban embargo . he noted to applause during a session friday that this was the first summit with cuba in attendance . and he 's cast the decision to reopen the u.s. relationship with cuba as beneficial to the entire hemisphere , which has also embraced his immigration executive action . but even as obama landed in panama , the longstanding gulfs between the two countries ' governments were on display . dissidents opposed to castro 's regime were violently accosted this week by supporters of the cuban government , a scuffle the white house said was unacceptable . `` as we move toward the process of normalization , we 'll have our differences , government to government , with cuba on many issues -- just as we differ at times with other nations within the americas , just as we differ with our closest allies , '' obama said at a meeting of civil society leaders friday . `` there 's nothing wrong with that . '' `` but i 'm here to say that when we do speak out , we 're going to do so because the united states of america does believe , and will always stand for , a certain set of universal values , '' he said . the long history between the u.s. and cuba . obama closed out his time in panama with a news conference where he covered topics ranging from hillary clinton 's expected presidential announcement to his framework deal with iran on its nuclear program . the president had pointed criticism for sen. john mccain , r-arizona . earlier this week , mccain accused secretary of state john kerry of intentionally mischaracterizing what the sides had agreed to in the iran nuclear deal . `` john kerry is delusional , '' mccain said on the hugh hewitt show , a conservative talk radio program , adding that the view from the supreme leader of iran of the provisions agreed to `` is probably right , '' rather than what the united states maintains are the agreed provisions . while discussing the iran agreement saturday , obama brought up those remarks without being asked . `` when i hear someone like sen. mccain recently suggest that our secretary of state , john kerry , who served in the united states senate , ( is ) a vietnam veteran , who 's provided exemplary service to this nation , is somehow less trustworthy of the interpretation of what 's in a political agreement than the supreme leader of iran , that 's an indication of the degree to which partisanship has crossed all boundaries , '' he said at the news conference . after the president 's remarks , mccain tweeted `` so pres . obama goes to # panama , meets with castro and attacks me - i 'm sure raul is pleased . '' as for his 2008 democratic rival , obama said , `` if she decides to run , if she makes an announcement , she 's going to have some strong messages to deliver , '' he said .