( cnn ) the united states is urging china to release five young feminists who face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality . authorities detained the women in three cities -- beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou -- a few days ahead of events planned for international women 's day on march 8 . `` each and every one of us has the right to speak out against sexual harassment and the many other injustices that millions of women and girls suffer around the world , '' u.s. secretary of state john kerry said in a statement friday . `` we strongly support the efforts of these activists to make progress on these challenging issues , and we believe that chinese authorities should also support them , not silence them . '' the detention of wei tingting , along with wu rongrong , li tingting , wang man and zheng churan has drawn harsh criticism from the international community . protesters in several cities have called for their release and taken to social media with the phrase `` free the five '' as a hashtag . wang qiushi , the lawyer for wei , said police recommended monday that prosecutors press charges of `` assembling a crowd to disturb public order . '' prosecutors have seven days -- until monday -- to decide whether to pursue the charges , according to the lawyer . `` we can do nothing but wait , '' wang said . the five were initially held on suspicion of `` picking quarrels and provoking trouble . '' wang said he did n't know why the charge against the women changed . `` neither should constitute a crime , '' he said . campaign group amnesty international said the new charge was less serious but still carried a maximum prison term of five years . `` the women were doing nothing wrong , nothing illegal . they were simply calling for an end to sexual harassment , '' said william nee , china researcher at amnesty international . wang said that wei was subjected to lengthy cross examinations during her detention . two of the women are said to be in poor health . he added that the charges relate both to the activities the women planned for international women 's day and earlier campaigns against domestic violence . the five are members of china 's women 's rights action group . they had planned to hand out stickers with slogans saying `` stop sexual harassment , let us stay safe '' and `` go police , go arrest those who committed sexual harassment ! '' on international women 's day . this week , kerry 's predecessor , hillary clinton , tweeted that the activists ' detention was `` inexcusable . '' chinese authorities rebuked her comment , saying public figures should respect the nation 's sovereignty and independence . cnn 's katie hunt and shen lu contributed to this report .