hong kong ( cnn ) four months after the end of the massive occupy protests that clogged hong kong 's streets in a bid for greater voting rights , another confrontation is heating up in the former british colony . the flashpoint ? a controversial beijing-backed election proposal tabled wednesday that pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto , describing it as `` ridiculous . '' in a speech before the city 's legislature , chief secretary carrie lam said that if approved , the proposal would give hong kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017 . the catch , of course , is candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-china committee . dissenting pro-democracy legislators wearing black marched from the chamber as soon as lam 's speech ended . some legislators raised yellow umbrellas , a symbol of the occupy movement . `` their fake universal suffrage is an insult to everybody 's intelligence ; that 's why we refused to stay in the chamber . '' hong kong democratic party chairwoman emily lau told cnn . lau said that she and other pro-democracy candidates would cast votes to ensure it does not become law . hong kong has become increasingly polarized over the last few years as the city fights over what kind of political system it should have as a special administrative region of china . according to the agreement signed by the united kingdom that returned the city to chinese control in 1997 , hong kong would receive 50 years of `` high autonomy '' under an arrangement called `` one country , two systems . '' part of that deal included establishing an election system based on the principles of universal suffrage . but nearly eighteen years after the handover , the city continues to fight over what universal suffrage really means . hong kong 's leaders argue its latest proposal fulfills the long-awaited promise of universal suffrage by giving each resident the right to cast a vote . all that 's left is for the legislature to approve the proposal , and then everyone can go home happy , they say . pro-democracy hong kongers beg to differ . `` if it is a genuine election , people should be free to stand and people should be free to vote , '' said lau . `` now all you have is a vote , and the candidates must be vetted by a committee consisting of business and political elites . it 's horrendous . `` to say the majority of hong kongers want to support this nonsensical package is a blatant lie.. . if nothing is changed , we will definitely vote it down . '' to become law , the proposal must receive the support of two thirds of hong kong 's 70 legislators . but lau and 26 other pro-democracy legislators make up more than a third of the chamber , meaning they can veto the bill . if they do , then the city 's electoral reform process will effectively return to square one . hong kong 's leadership has warned pro-democracy legislators against the veto , saying the city might never again receive a chance for political reform . `` we must strive for consensus , '' lam told legislators . `` we sincerely hope the pan-democrats abandon their passive attitude . '' but consensus seems unlikely . hong kong and chinese leaders have repeatedly said there is no room for the proposal to change . in response , lau and other pro-democracy legislators will launch a citywide campaign this weekend to rally public opinion against the proposal . and she did not rule out the possibility of a repeat of last year 's massive street protests . `` should people decide to resort to civil disobedience again , its up to them , '' she said . `` whatever we do , our struggle must be peaceful , orderly , nonviolent . and we will do our best . '' wayne chang and cnn 's vivian kam contributed reporting .