( cnn ) jason rezaian has sat in jail in iran for nearly nine months . the washington post 's bureau chief in tehran was arrested in july on unspecified allegations . it took more than four months for a judge to hear charges against him . they remained publicly undisclosed until last week . the iranian-american will be tried soon on espionage , tehran 's chief justice said . he is accused of economic spying , the post reported , citing iranian state media . the washington post did not mince words on the allegation . `` any charges of that sort would be absurd , the product of fertile and twisted imaginations , '' the paper said in a statement . the state department also reacted with term `` absurd '' after hearing of reports in iran 's press about the charges . `` if the reports are true , these charges are absurd , should be immediately dismissed and jason should be immediately freed so that he can return to his family , '' the state department official said . since officers picked up rezaian and his wife , yeganeh salehi , on july 22 at their home , the post , the state department and rezaian 's family have protested and called for his release . salehi was released on bail in october . rezaian was denied bail . and for months , he was denied access to proper legal representation , his family has said . boxing great muhammad ali , also an american muslim , appealed to tehran last month to give rezaian full access to legal representation and free him on bail . `` to my knowledge , jason is a man of peace and great faith , a man whose dedication and respect for the iranian people is evident in his work , '' ali said in a religiously worded statement . the journalist has also not been allowed to see visitors aside from his wife and has endured long interrogations , family members have said . in december , after a 10-hour hearing , rezaian signed a paper to acknowledge that he understood the charges against him , the post reported . iran 's human rights chief , mohammad javad larijani , told news outlet france 24 last year that he hoped rezaian 's case would come to a positive conclusion . he said , `` let us hope that this fiasco will end on good terms . '' more on detained americans . cnn 's sara mazloumsaki and azadeh ansari contributed to this report .