kathmandu , nepal ( cnn ) on day six of nepal 's tragedy , life triumphed as rescuers pulled an 15-year-old from the rubble of a multistory residential building in one of kathmandu 's hard-hit neighborhoods . a large crowd erupted in cheers as pemba tamang was carried out on a stretcher . he was wearing a new york shirt and a blue neck brace , was blanketed by dust and had the look of a deer in the headlights . his rescuer , inspector lakshman basnet of the nepalese armed police force , said tamang was responsive and showed no apparent signs of serious injury . he was given an iv drip and rushed from the gongapur area to a temporary emergency hospital run by an israeli aid team . the nepalese rescuers had been working for five hours to locate tamang after they heard his voice coming from under the debris . also thursday , a u.s. special operations forces team rescued 30 people , including three americans , by helicopter from an area of nepal called bamboo village , according to the u.s. ambassador to nepal . the group was trapped in the village and living in a makeshift shelter , ambassador peter bodde said . the families had contacted the u.s. government to let officials know where their relatives were stuck , he said . they had no other way to get out of the area , bodde said . an american disaster response team was also involved in the rescue of the 15 year old boy . the team was at a nearby damaged bus station when it got word that someone might be alive . andrew olvera , the head of the u.s. team , said his men rushed over with search dogs and equipment ranging from breaching tools to sophisticated cameras that can probe under the rubble . he said the operation carried enormous risk , as chunks of the collapsed building hung precariously on rebar . entire floors of what used to be people 's homes were visible -- ceiling fans and beds still draped with cotton sheets . it was a mountain of loss and sorrow . `` it 's dangerous , but it 's what we do , '' said olvera , who has a daughter and twin 11-year-old boys . `` it 's risk versus gain . to save a human life , we will risk almost everything . `` the way the building is , it 's definitely a miracle , '' he said . tamang cried for water in a muffled voice . he had been buried for five days under a building that pancaked . he dodged death because of a motorcycle that shielded him from the pressure of the concrete and steel , according to basnet . and , basnet said , he `` survived by good faith . '' dennis bautista , who went down to where tamang was buried to administer medical aid , called the rescue amazing . `` it feels good to be able to help out . i ca n't imagine what he went through , '' bautista said . `` he is a brave young man . '' basnet said once he got closer to tamang , he tried to reassure him that he would be ok . `` i gave him water and talked to him regularly , '' basnet said . after tamang was rushed to the hospital , the us agency for international development team continued the search . the possibility remained that someone else might have survived , like tamang . other search and rescue teams continued to scour through kathmandu 's rubble thursday . they are looking for survivors from the magnitude-7.8 earthquake that struck saturday , killing at least 6,134 people and wounding almost 14,000 , according to nepali authorities . another 72 people were reported dead in india and 25 in china . in nepal , 19 of the deaths occurred on mount everest , where the quake triggered deadly avalanches . despite the disaster , nepali authorities plans to reopen routes up the mountain as soon as next week . teams are clearing paths and and rebuilding ladders , tourism ministry spokesman krishna sapkota told cnn on thursday . officials are encouraging people who have already received permission to climb this season to go ahead with their plans . as the chances dimmed for finding people alive in the wreckage left by the quake across nepal , tamang 's rescue boosted hopes for all those who still have loved ones and friends missing . other people have been saved from under collapsed buildings in previous days , including a 27-year-old man on tuesday and a 4-month-old boy on sunday . the nepali military also released a photo of a dust-caked 11-year-old girl who they said was rescued wednesday after 90 hours under the rubble . the rescuers , meanwhile , have no intention of giving up looking for more . the 2010 earthquake in haiti , olvera said , revised the benchmark for what was thought possible for survival . a man there was miraculously pulled from the rubble after 27 long days . 360-degree view of earthquake zone . cnn 's sugam pokharel contributed to this report .