( cnn ) i remember traveling one day in the local train in mumbai with my mother , my younger sister and brother . the compartment was extremely crowded . as we prepared to disembark , i felt my skirt being lifted and someone groping my private parts . it was terrible . i wanted to scream , but my voice would have drowned in the noise of the crowd . i wanted to push the hands away , but my arms were pinned to my body . i wanted to cry but could only think to myself , `` stop it ! please stop touching me . '' i was 13 years old . i never told anyone about that day until recently . twenty-five years later , i continue to hear similar stories of women and girls being harassed on local transportation and other public spaces . the stories can be stomach churning : men masturbating on buses and at bus stops , boys stalking young girls -- both physically and online , men taking pictures of women without permission and uploading them on the internet . then there are just the everyday , uncomfortable stares , frequently accompanied by comments with sexual connotations . this is n't all simply anecdotal . a study by we the people found that 80 % of women in mumbai had been street harassed , primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms . most people , including women , only think of sexual violence as rape and tend to overlook touching , groping and stalking , not to mention the `` milder '' forms of ogling , leering , catcalling and whistling , even though all of this can be intimidating . indeed , many women choose to limit their hours outside , select more conservative clothes , or opt for a longer but safer route home . it was only recently that i realized my phobia of trains likely originated with that bad experience i had as a child . i still avoid trains when i can . most people are silent when inappropriate sexual behavior occurs to women . it was depressing to hear one young college student tell me in a recent sexual harassment workshop i led that `` staring and commenting by men is normal and i 've learned to ignore it . '' the reality is that sexual harassment in india is pervasive in all aspects of life . it hits you in the face every day when you walk down the street , take local transport , go about your daily routine or at the workplace . according to u.n. women 's report , 1 in 3 women around the world face some form of sexual violence at least once in their lifetime . this statistic is likely even higher in india . out of the 2,000 women who have attended workshops i 've conducted , only a handful of them have never been at the receiving end of harassment in some setting of their daily lives . shockingly , less than 10 of them had reported harassment to any official channel . why are we constantly limiting our options rather than confronting sexual harassment ? over the past two years , i have been working to encourage women to talk about their experiences and realize the tremendous potential power they hold within themselves through acknowledging the problem and being a part of the change to shift the culture around sexual harassment in india . it is not always easy speaking up about sexual harassment . i know firsthand . but acknowledging that it is unacceptable is an important first step . india has laws for sexual violence in public spaces as well as at the workplace , and knowing these rules gives women the power to confront her harasser . but is it enough ? women still have to confront the cultural challenge of not feeling `` ashamed '' and bringing `` disrepute '' to their families while overcoming their fear of dealing with the police , who too often file complaints in the wrong categories to reduce the number of official cases on which their performance is judged . however , despite the barriers , two recent cases in india provide proof that even when the perpetrator is in a position of immense power , coming forward to report sexual harassment can make a difference . there is , for example , the young employee from an environmental research organization who alleged that her boss rajendra pachauri made unwelcome advances to her through text messages . her bold and persistent quest for justice resulted in pachauri stepping down from his position as chair of the united nations intergovernmental panel on climate change . pachauri denied the allegations and insisted his computer and phone were hacked . his counsel stated in court that pachauri 's inbox was not hacked , but he had shared the password with several people who could have sent inappropriate emails to the employee under his name . similarly , last year , tarun tejpal , founder of one of india 's leading media companies , was arrested for sexually assaulting his employee in an elevator . she first told her female editor who reportedly did not take her seriously . she then spoke about it to her male colleagues who encouraged her to report the incident to the police . tarun tejpal , who explained the incident as a `` bad lapse of judgment , '' was let out on interim bail while the case is still ongoing . women have allies -- both male and female -- who are willing to help clear the barriers . women everywhere just need to find the courage to speak up . the alternative to speaking out is a world where women feel less able to live full lives , restricted and disempowered . we can not accept harassment as part of our daily routine . we can not ignore it -- for our own sake and the next generation of women .