( cnn ) the lawyer for robert bates , an oklahoma reserve deputy who fatally shot a man he meant to subdue with a taser , on saturday released documents that he says verify some of bates ' training as a law enforcement officer . the documents show bates had one taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period , took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times , from 2009 to 2014 , to use a handgun . his evaluations say he got along with other officers and related well with the public . `` robert bates has met all the requisite training required by oklahoma to be a reserve deputy , '' said the lawyer , scott wood , in an interview with cnn . read the documents . cnn could not independently confirm the documents were authentic . wood said he got them from bates , who asked the tulsa county sheriff 's office to provide his training records . the sheriff 's office has turned down cnn 's requests for the training documents , saying they are part of the investigation . authorities did not reply saturday to a request for comment on wood 's statements . the documents are important because bates ' training has become a central issue in the case . the lawyer for the family of the man who was killed claims that bates , 73 , was n't qualified to be on the force , but received preferential treatment because he 'd made donations to the agency and was a friend of the sheriff . the tulsa world newspaper reported some supervisors in the tulsa county sheriff 's office were told to forge bates ' records and were reassigned when they refused . the tulsa county sheriff 's office has denied these allegations . the documents provided to cnn cover the period from july 22 , 2008 , to december 12 , 2014 . bates had one taser training class , on march 4 , 2009 , according to a document with a heading from the council on law enforcement education and training , which sets the standards for training peace officers in the state . wood said the council requires only one hands-on class on use of a taser . bates had weapons training once in september 2008 and twice in 2009 , according to sheriff 's office records that bates obtained , wood said . he scored high enough at the pistol range 10 times from september 24 , 2009 , to april 9 , 2014 , that he was allowed to carry a handgun while on duty , wood said . bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris . friends and family of harris gathered in tulsa on saturday afternoon for a visitation and viewing . bates is free on $ 25,000 bond . he says he meant to use his taser on harris during the april 2 arrest but accidentally fired his handgun instead . `` i shot him ! i 'm sorry ! '' bates is heard saying on video of the incident . bates , an insurance company executive , has gone to his own defense . in an interview friday with the `` today '' show on nbc , bates said he had the documentation to show he had completed the necessary training required of reserve deputies . `` that is absolutely the truth . i have it in writing , '' he told the show . questions have already been raised about bates ' training and when his service with the tulsa county sheriff 's office started . in his statement to investigators , bates said he `` became an advanced tcso reserve deputy in 2007 . '' wood said bates started working for the sheriff 's office in late 2007 or 2008 . but the sheriff 's office has said bates had been a reserve deputy since 2008 . bates , who worked as a police officer for one year in the 1960s , completed 300 hours of training and 1,100 hours of community policing experience since becoming a reserve deputy , according to the sheriff 's office . the tulsa world said 480 hours of field training are required to be an `` advanced '' reserve deputy , which bates claimed to be . questions have been raised about bates ' firearms qualifications scores . to be allowed to carry a pistol on duty , deputies need to score 72 while firing at a silhouette of a man at the firing range , wood said . documents with a heading `` firearms qualification record '' show bates scoring at least 72 on six different days . but firearms qualification records from four dates in 2012 and 2013 are missing for the entire sheriff 's office , wood said . the tulsa county sheriff 's office says it ca n't find the records . the department 's summary of bates ' weapons training shows he scored 80-84 those four times . `` if you 're going to forge somebody 's score why not give them a 90 or a 95 , '' wood said . cnn provided the documents to the tulsa world . ziva branstetter , an editor with the newspaper , said the new information does n't undercut the world 's reporting . `` these records back up the validity of our story and we stand by our story , '' she said saturday . another seeming oddity of the records is how many classes bates took on two days . the council on law enforcement education and training records show bates took 14 training classes worth 20 credit hours on december 10 , 2013 , and 20 classes worth 31 credit hours on december 11 , 2014 . wood said bates may have been cramming in his required training before the end of the year by taking computer classes . `` it 's possible you could take a half-hour class and if you know the material you could finish it in 15 minutes , '' he said . evaluations show supervisors had a good opinion of bates . one from march 14 , 2009 , says of his strengths : `` works well with his fellow officers and relates to the public very well . '' his weakness : `` radio usage/geography . '' remedial training : `` does not have a lot of radio usage time which will be worked on . will have to work on his geography skills . both will be remedied in time ! ''