( cnn ) one war was enough for gregory margolin . now 87 years old , he was a 16-year-old jewish recruit when he fought in the soviet red army . as he fought the nazis in world war ii , his family fled . `` i did not show that i was jewish , '' margolin says . `` but it did not matter because people were being killed left and right . all around me . '' this year , in ukraine , he found himself again surrounded by war . margolin was a sniper who rose to be a commander in the army . his old uniform is still adorned with medals from his time in the military . his granddaughter liora still marvels at his stories from the war . she is amazed that he managed to survive . suffering from alzheimer 's disease , a degenerative condition that impairs memory , he struggles to remember his own life sometimes , but he remembers the horrors of war . his eyes slowly shift back and forth as he seeks the right word . or perhaps the right memory . his hands shake ever so slightly . it seems he knows he has lived a life . he is just trying to remember all the details . `` people were hiding in shelters under the ground , '' liora says of the stories margolin once told . `` they were being shot at point blank range . it was terrible . '' `` [ the nazis ] would have erased us from the earth , '' margolin remembers . `` they attacked us and we fought back . '' after the war , margolin settled in donetsk in eastern ukraine . his family grew . he built a life . then , decades later , he found himself in the middle of a war once again . `` a missile fell and the house was destroyed . we were attacked , '' margolin says . `` a missile fell . i remember . '' margolin 's family lived in a neighborhood next to the donetsk airport , near some of the most intense fighting in eastern ukraine as pro-russian separatists battled the ukrainian army . margolin , who had survived one war , was able to survive another , even as the stray missile hit his house on february 10 . it spared him , but it killed his daughter ira . `` the moment it happened , we decided that 's it . here and now , we 're moving to israel , '' says liora . `` this is the safest place . '' margolin arrived in israel on march 24 . asked why the family waited to leave the war-torn region of eastern ukraine , liora says they felt they would be fine in donetsk , while liora prayed for their safety from israel . `` no matter how much we 're afraid of the next war here and as much as it 's not quiet here , it is the quietest place . '' margolin came over in a wave of ukrainian jewish immigration to israel that coincided with the beginning of hostilities in eastern ukraine . the international fellowship of christians and jews , an organization that works to build interfaith understanding and support for israel , has brought 600 jews to israel since december , margolin among them . rabbi yechiel eckstein , the fellowship 's founder , says , `` we set up a refugee center . it 's the first time since the holocaust that the jewish world has had to set up a refugee center for these jews who are fleeing and have nowhere to go . '' among the ukrainian jews moving to israel , eckstein says they have worked with approximately a dozen holocaust survivors . on yom hashoah , israel 's holocaust remembrance day that commemorates the nazi extermination of 6 million jews , these stories of survival reverberate with a renewed energy . jews who struggled to survive once find themselves fleeing to survive now . `` most of the [ jewish ] people in the ukraine are holocaust survivors or children of holocaust survivors . these are the people who made it , who are able to flee or come back or to stay or to somehow survive the holocaust . '' margolin was one of these people , able to survive the holocaust as a soldier in the soviet army . his story can be difficult for him to remember sometimes , but it is impossible for his family to forget . the voices of auschwitz .