lausanne , switzerland ( cnn ) the bad news ? the deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on iran 's nuclear program has come and gone with no deal . the good news ? the sides are still talking . whether your glass is half-full or half-empty , it does n't change the fact that it 's not easy to reach resolutions on complex issues involving nuclear physics and international relations . nor does it change the fact that tuesday 's self-imposed deadline did n't really matter anyway : the date that really counts is june 30 , when the parties must figure out a comprehensive deal -- with all the technical details and diplomatic impasses fully worked out -- or else everything falls apart . the whole point of what 's happening in lausanne , switzerland , is to get everyone on the same page about what kinds of things will be discussed as part of a potential conclusive agreement . for those hoping that will eventually happen , it 's good that iranian foreign minister javad zarif , u.s. secretary of state john kerry and senior european union diplomat helga schmid held talks early thursday morning in lausanne . but it does n't mean there will be a final deal . `` we have made significant progress over the last few days , but it has been slow going , '' british foreign secretary philip hammond told reporters wednesday . `` i 'm optimistic that we will make further progress ... but it does mean the iranians being willing to meet us where there are still issues to deal with . `` fingers crossed , and we 'll hope to get there during the course of the day . '' but by thursday morning , there was still no deal . zarif told reporters that iran has shown `` its readiness to engage with dignity , and it 's time for our negotiating partners to seize the moment and use this opportunity , which may not be repeated . '' `` i 've always said that an agreement and pressure do not go together . they are mutually exclusive , '' the iranian minister said . `` so our friends need to decide whether they want to be with iran based on respect or whether they want to continue based on pressure . they have tested the other one . it is high time to test this one . '' u.s. state department official marie harf said on twitter that talks between kerry and zarif ran deep into the early hours of thursday morning . `` that was truly an all-nighter , '' she tweeted around 6 a.m. local time ( 12 a.m . et ) , saying the negotiations had broken up and would resume again in a few hours . ‎another u.s. official had said earlier that `` some serious issues remain unresolved . '' `` it is still totally unclear when this might happen , if it happens at all . '' there 's one thing that most everyone does agree on : the sides have made progress in recent days . in fact , zarif called it `` very good '' progress that led to solutions on most issues , according to irna , the state-run islamic republic news agency . as long as `` the conversations continue to be productive , '' white house press secretary josh earnest said , u.s. officials will keep on talking . russian foreign minister sergey lavrov -- whose country has been taking part in the talks , along with germany , france , britain and the european union -- went so far as to say `` with a large degree of confidence '' that `` framework agreements have been reached on all the key aspects of this issue at the ministerial level . '' `` we hope that these agreements will be put on paper in the next few hours or a day at the most , '' lavrov said before leaving the talks along with his counterparts from china and france . `` the agreement stipulates a comprehensive approach to settling this issue , including iaea verification of the exclusively peaceful nature of iran 's nuclear program and detailed provisions on lifting the sanctions . '' but it does n't matter if russia or germany is comfortable with the details ; the key is getting the united states and iran on the same page , something that 's hard given the decades of contempt and distrust . according to an irna report , zarif said only that he hopes a framework agreement will be drafted wednesday . `` i think it 's a matter of political will . it 's not just about technical details anymore , '' said fawaz gerges , a professor of middle east studies at the london school of economics . `` you 're talking here about an institutionalized relationship of hostility between the united states and iran . '' even then , gerges on wednesday gave the sides a 60 % to 70 % chance of coming to some sort of preliminary agreement soon . his reasoning : `` i think there is a convergence of interests between obama 's administration and the iranian leadership , and that 's why both camps have a vested interest in signing an agreement , as opposed to walking away . '' for iran , which insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes , a deal would mean relief from punishing economic sanctions . for the west , it would offer hope of improved relations with tehran without the destabilizing threat of an iranian nuclear bomb in the pipeline . the sides have oftentimes talked past each other for nine years . that 's why iran is facing crippling sanctions in the first place : because many world powers felt they could not trust tehran , given its dealings with nuclear inspectors and in talks . the tone changed with the 2013 election of iranian president hassan rouhani , a moderate who campaigned on a platform of reducing international tensions . and there has been some movement , including in recent days , out of iran . still , it 's too early to say that everyone will meet in the middle on everything . mohammad marandi , a professor of north american studies at tehran university , told cnn that iranian officials feel they 've already compromised a lot in the talks . `` they feel that they 've gone as far as they possibly can and that it 's for the americans right now to make a move , '' he said . 21 questions on iranian nuclear talks . the main sticking points at the moment are believed to be the pace at which u.n. sanctions on iran will be lifted , how much nuclear research and development iran will be able to maintain and whether iran will ship its stockpile of enriched uranium out of the country for reprocessing into a safer form . even if those points are resolved to the satisfaction of all sides , any agreement is expected to come under attack on multiple fronts . obama is likely to face a stern challenge selling any deal to congress , while hardliners in iran will probably denounce it for being too harsh . the leader of israel , a key u.s. ally that considers iran to be an existential threat , on tuesday said `` the agreement that is being formed in lausanne is paving the road to that result . '' and on wednesday , israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu obliquely suggested that the united states could be threatened as well . `` the middle east is plagued by anti-western , anti-democratic and anti-american extremism . ... despots lead their people in chants of ' death to america ' while building intercontinental ballistic missiles to reach america . in this violent and unstable region , where states are exploding , '' said netanyahu , referring to some iranian leaders and reports that iran could develop intercontinental missiles . iran 's power rises , with or without deal . obama administration officials say that any agreement would involve heavy monitoring of iran 's nuclear activities . they insist no deal would be better than signing a bad deal . but if no agreement is reached and the talks fall apart , the potential consequences are deeply unsettling . further sanctions on iran would most likely follow . israel argues that could eventually force tehran back to the negotiating table to settle for a tougher deal . but obama administration officials say they fear iran will redouble efforts to advance its nuclear program without any meaningful international inspections . iranian progress toward a nuclear weapon could spark an arms race in the middle east and talk of military strikes from the united states or israel . `` the military option will remain on the table , '' u.s. defense secretary ashton carter told nbc 's `` today '' show on tuesday . `` if there is a good agreement to have , obviously it 's worth waiting for and completing the negotiations . '' cnn 's elise labott reported from lausanne , and greg botelho reported and wrote from atlanta . cnn 's jethro mullen , jim sciutto , steve almasy , nimet kirac and catherine e. shoichet contributed to this report .