atlanta ( cnn ) a passenger on an atlanta-bound air canada flight told a cnn reporter on the plane friday that a stranger sitting behind him tried to choke him . oliver minatel , 22 , said he was sleeping on air canada flight 8623 from toronto when he felt something around his neck . `` with a rope , something that he has , he just jumped on me . that 's what happened , '' minatel told cnn 's paula newton moments after the incident . she was seated four rows behind minatel , a professional soccer player traveling with his team . the incident occurred about a half-hour before the flight landed , after the pilots had begun their descent . `` i forced it ( the cord ) down and then other people came to help , and then i got out and he started saying that we were here to kill him , '' minatel said . the man was not restrained for the rest of the trip , but the flight crew told him to stay seated with his seat belt on . the man kept trying to get out of his seat but other passengers yelled at him whenever he tried to stand up . the two-hour flight landed at atlanta 's hartsfield airport at about 4:30 p.m. where it was met by u.s. authorities . the suspect was escorted off the plane . an fbi spokesman confirmed the agency responded to the incident . `` the passenger , however , was transported for medical/mental evaluation under the direction and coordination of the atlanta police department , '' special agent stephen emmett said . `` while there are currently no federal charges pending , the facts of the matter are being relayed to the u.s. attorney 's office in atlanta . '' minatel , a forward from brazil , was traveling with his teammates from the ottawa fury football club of the second-division north american soccer league . they are scheduled to play the atlanta silverbacks on saturday . `` we 're very thankful to everyone who came to the aid of oliver and relieved that he 's o.k . and ready to play in our game , '' fury fc head coach marc dos santos said in a statement posted on the team 's website . several witnesses said they saw the suspect try to choke minatel with the cord of his headphones . kevin kerr says he was seated next to the suspect . `` he was talking about how this soccer team was trying to kill him . i thought he was maybe a deranged fan , '' said kerr . kerr said he fell asleep and he awakened to see the suspect trying to choke minatel . `` i assisted to make sure that did n't happen , '' kerr said . the canadian businessman said he and members of the soccer team kept a close eye on the suspect as the plane landed to make sure he did not threaten other passengers .