( cnn ) the u.n. security council voted tuesday in favor of an arms embargo on houthis -- the minority group that has taken over large swaths of yemen , including its capital , sanaa -- and supporters of former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh . the resolution `` raises the cost '' for the houthis , according to mark lyall grant , britain 's ambassador to the united nations . in addition to the arms embargo , it also demands that the shiite group pull back and refrain from more violence and includes sanctions aimed at controlling the spread of terrorism , according to grant . russia abstained from tuesday 's vote , saying it did n't like the inclusion of sanctions . in recent weeks , saudi arabia has led a coalition that is conducting airstrikes on targets associated with saleh 's supporters and the houthis , who have emerged as yemen 's most dominant force in recent months . also tuesday , egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi and saudi arabian minister of defense prince mohammed bin salman bin abdulaziz agreed to form a joint military commission to discuss the implementation of a major strategic maneuver inside saudi arabia , egypt 's state-run ahram news agency reported . egypt announced that it would dispatch several naval ships to help halt the rebels ' advance . in response to media reports , egyptian officials said no troops have yet been sent to yemen . the houthis forced president abdu rabu mansour hadi from power in january , though hadi still claims he is yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with the saudis and other allies to return to yemen . those allied with hadi have accused the iranian government of supporting the houthis in their uprising in yemen . they include yemen 's current ambassador to the united nations , khaled mahfoodh abdulla bahah , who said tuesday , `` we refuse ( the ) influence of iran in yemen affairs . '' cnn 's richard roth and dominique dodley reported from new york , and cnn 's greg botelho wrote this report from atlanta . cnn 's salma abdelaziz contributed to this report .