( cnn ) they took yarmouk by storm , a sea of masked men flooding into the streets of one the world 's most beleaguered places . besieged and bombed by syrian forces for more than two years , the desperate residents of this palestinian refugee camp near damascus awoke in early april to a new , even more terrifying reality -- isis militants seizing yarmouk after defeating several militia groups operating in the area . `` they slaughtered them in the streets , '' one yarmouk resident , who asked not to be named , told cnn . `` they ( caught ) three people and killed them in the street , in front of people . the islamic state is now in control of almost all the camp . '' an estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside yarmouk , stuck between isis and syrian regime forces in `` the deepest circle of hell , '' in the words of u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon . yarmouk , the largest palestinian refugee camp in syria , was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the arab-israeli conflict . the camp , which sits just 6 miles from central damascus , has been engulfed in fighting between the syrian government and armed groups since december 2012 . the london-based syrian observatory for human rights says isis and the al qaeda-affiliated al-nusra front control about 90 % of the camp . the organization also claims that the syrian government has dropped barrel bombs on the camp in an effort to drive out armed groups . activists and residents in yarmouk tell cnn that as many as 5,000 people have tried to flee their homes since isis stormed the camp , but have no place to go . hundreds have been injured , but the camp 's only functioning hospital was first occupied by isis , then targeted last week by regime shelling . as the fighting raged in yarmouk , the director of the jafra foundation -- the only aid group that has been able to get into the camp -- painted a grim portrait of the conditions on the ground since isis arrived . `` we need medicine and access to treatment and medical facilities , '' wesam sabaneh told cnn . `` the last hospital in yarmouk camp was bombed yesterday , so there 's really nothing functioning . '' opinion : save the ' miracle babies ' . even delivering clean water in yarmouk can be a deadly task . majed alomari , the jafra foundation 's water coordinator , was killed a few days ago -- gunned down in an isis firefight with rival rebel groups . the head of the palestinian league for human rights in syria ( plhr ) , who fled the camp and syria in october 2012 , said the people of yarmouk were in dire need of help . `` according to my contacts inside , people are back to consuming water with spices -- a common meal used in 2014 '' during the syrian regime 's siege of the camp , the plhr 's salim salamah told cnn . aid agencies briefly managed to break the government 's stranglehold on the camp last year , and delivered aid to tens of thousands . but now , as terror closes in on yarmouk from all sides , residents have two choices -- to attempt to flee what was their place of refuge , or to stay inside what the u.n. says now resembles a camp of death . `` now i am scared of two things -- i am scared of ( isis ) and the regime , '' the yarmouk resident told cnn . `` the regime now is about to destroy the yarmouk camp , '' he said . `` and isis , i do n't know ... they did n't do anything except [ rename ] yarmouk camp as ' yarmouk islamic state . ' ''