boston ( cnn ) now the real boston marathon trial can begin . a federal jury 's decision to convict dzhokhar tsarnaev of 30 charges related to the 2013 boston marathon bombings was the most anticlimactic of anticlimaxes . the 21-year-old 's lawyers admitted from the beginning that their client had participated in the horrific terrorist attack , which both scarred and strengthened this city . the outcome of this first phase may have been preordained , but nearly two years after the bombing , the trial has held boston and the region in thrall — more so than i might have imagined . the case regularly lands on the front pages of our two daily newspapers , the globe and the herald , and often leads the local television newscasts . the twitter feeds of reporters covering the trial are avidly followed . we have n't learned much new , although harrowing details about the deaths of the tsarnaev brothers ' four victims have come out . more than anything , many people find something cathartic in seeing the seemingly insolent , unrepentant tsarnaev being brought to justice . the only issue to be decided is whether tsarnaev should be executed . which is why the second phase of his trial is the one that really matters . was tsarnaev so thoroughly under the sway of his radicalized older brother , tamerlan , that he should be spared lethal injection ? or had this seemingly typical teenager transformed himself into a hardened jihadist who obsessed over al qaeda propaganda such as the article `` make a bomb in the kitchen of your mom '' ? what kind of justice should tsarnaev receive ? there is no death penalty in massachusetts , and in september 2013 , according to a globe poll , 57 % of respondents supported life in prison for tsarnaev ; just 33 % said he should be executed . by moving the case into federal court , u.s. attorney general eric holder made it likely that tsarnaev would receive the death penalty . keep in mind that no members of the jury were deemed eligible to serve unless they stated beforehand that they were willing to consider putting tsarnaev to death . but imagine a different scenario in which tsarnaev had been allowed to plead guilty in return for a life sentence . he would have been denied the public stage he has been granted ; although he has not testified ( so far ) , his terrorist actions have been replayed over and over again for people to see the world over . the 2015 boston marathon will take place in less than two weeks , on monday , april 20 . thousands of runners will clog the 26.2-mile route , and tens of thousands will cheer them on — as they did last year , proving to the world that we will not be intimidated . and tsarnaev 's lawyers will still be fighting for their client 's life . it is a natural if disturbing reaction to events like this that it 's easier to remember the names of the perpetrators than of their victims . but dzhokhar tsarnaev is a loser and a nobody . he should be allowed to fade away into the obscurity of a maximum-security prison cell . the people who deserve to be remembered are those he and his brother killed on marathon day — martin richard , krystle campbell and lingzi lu — and sean collier , the mit police officer they executed in cold blood . it is they who should live on in our collective memories .