( cnn ) protests are gaining steam in baltimore after a man died from a devastating injury he allegedly suffered while in police custody . demonstrators have vowed they 'll keep taking to the streets until they get justice . to start , protesters say they 're looking for answers about what happened to freddie gray , and why . but it seems like the questions in the controversial case just keep growing . protesters rallied at baltimore city hall on thursday , and another march is planned for saturday . here 's a look at key issues protesters are asking about : police say when gray saw police on april 12 , he started running . within minutes , they caught up with him and arrested him after finding a knife in his pocket . protesters have echoed the claims of the gray family 's attorney , who argues that police did n't have any probable cause to pursue him , but chased him for `` running while black . '' baltimore police union attorney michael davey told reporters wednesday that officers had every right to chase gray . `` there is a supreme court case that states that if you are in a high-crime area , and you flee from the police unprovoked , the police have the legal ability to pursue you , and that 's what they did , '' he said . `` in this type of an incident , you do not need probable cause to arrest . you just need a reasonable suspicion to make the stop . '' an autopsy says gray died from a severe spinal cord injury . his family says his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma and later died . police say they spotted gray , gave chase , caught him , cuffed him and requested a `` wagon '' to transport him in less than four minutes . the transport van left with gray about 11 minutes afterward , police said , and another 30 minutes passed before `` units request paramedics to the western district to transport the suspect to an area hospital . '' protesters want to know exactly what happened in those 30 minutes , and say it 's clear police used too much force when gray was in their custody . investigators still have n't said what happened inside the van . union officials from the fraternal order of police lodge 3 say something happened inside the vehicle , but they do n't know what . baltimore police commissioner anthony batts told cnn affiliate wjz that another prisoner inside the van said he did n't see any harm done to gray . `` what he has said is that he heard freddie thrashing about , '' batts said . `` the driver did n't drive erratically , was n't slamming on breaks , was n't turning corners fast or in an irrational way . '' five of the six officers involved in gray 's arrest have provided statements to investigators , the baltimore police department said wednesday . `` they have completely cooperated with the investigation from day 1 , '' davey told reporters . but details of what the officers said have n't been released yet by authorities . neither have the officers ' personnel records or photos . police say doing that would violate the law . the lack of details a week and a half after the incident is fueling cries from the public , and the lawmakers who represent them . protesters say police should be releasing what they know now . baltimore police officials say they 're being as transparent as they can about the case while their criminal investigation is ongoing . and they say they plan to hand over details from the investigation to the state attorney 's office next week . some protesters say the officers should be charged with murder for gray 's death . officials say an investigation is ongoing , and all the officers involved have been suspended with pay . at this point , it is n't clear whether any charges will be filed . the u.s. justice department is also investigating the case . the police union said it 's 100 % behind the officers and compared protesters to a lynch mob , accusing them of calling for charges against officers without knowing the facts of the case or giving them a day in court . `` there is , at this time , no indication of any criminal activity whatsoever , '' the union 's statement said , `` but our support will not waiver for any reason . '' gray 's case is getting a lot of attention . but protest organizers say it 's emblematic of a broader problem . some protesters say it 's not the only time they 've seen police brutality on the streets of their city . long before they took to the streets to demonstrate over gray 's death , some of them had already been at city hall , voicing their concerns over other cases . `` right now there 's a lot of mistrust . they feel it 's us versus them , '' baltimore city council president jack young said . `` it should not be that way and it needs to be fixed . '' according to the baltimore sun , the city has paid more than $ 5.7 million since 2011 for more than 100 cases involving allegations of police wrongdoing . police did n't admit fault in any of the cases . the police union said in a statement on wednesday that the reason for the settlements was simple : city officials believe lawsuits are too costly . `` let us be clear , we completely disagree with this policy , as many of these cases are settled without concern for the facts but , rather , to avoid the high cost of defending a potential lawsuit . we believe that these cases should be decided in court where proper time and attention can be given , '' the union said . `` the ease of settlement , and substantial award amount , has led to the unjustified perception of an increase in brutality complaints . '' cnn 's dana ford , eliott c. mclaughlin , suzanne malveaux , jake tapper , miguel marquez , brian todd , polo sandoval , justin lear , jason carroll and patrick cornell contributed to this report .