( cnn ) it is a city transformed , swollen in size but shrunken in scope , anxiously awaiting what comes next . on kabul 's streets , you can easily find the uneasy legacy of america 's longest war . outside one mosque -- mixing with other men desperate for a day 's worth of casual manual labor -- are five men who months ago had one valuable skill nato depended upon : they speak english . now however , their world has turned upon them . they were , each for a different reason -- each for a reason they do not understand -- all fired from their jobs and then blacklisted , they say , meaning they can no longer get work with other government groups or ngos here . the skill they once thrived off has left them isolated , and fearing reprisals . they sleep in market stalls , and avoid traveling to see their families in case the threats they face are visited upon them . `` my family is still living in the provinces , '' one of the men tells me . `` i can not go there . i am living in a market , in one of the empty shops . '' another adds : `` my family , everybody , give up on me , they are nervous . '' a third man -- all requested anonymity -- says : `` right now i sleep here , on the street , in this mosque area . '' `` we are in prison in afghanistan , '' a fourth says . the u.s. embassy and nato declined to comment for this story . exclusive : the last americans in afghanistan . helicopters still buzz around the capital . its population is five times what it was when nato arrived here , even by the most conservative estimates , and the violence in the provinces means people swell it further still -- arriving in kabul 's dusty , mountainous bowl of a city in order to avoid the fighting . neighborhoods that were once massively over-priced cliques of foreigners living in `` poppy palaces '' -- villas allegedly bought from profiteers of the opium trade -- are now empty . one road , forever pot-holed in the past decade , is now being covered over by afghans who , it seems , are finally reclaiming that street . even chicken street , the hackneyed pedestrian shopping road where new western arrivals would buy carpets or local trinkets , is more or less deserted . one shopkeeper says it could be the embassy security warnings that are keeping people away now . it is the same for the restaurants here that used to brim with contractors and ngo workers . they are now empty , the sound of their heavy metal doors echoing across deserted tables . it is immeasurably different to three years ago when i lived there . drive out east -- past the women in burqas who sit on road bumps , holding their children , hoping drivers will slow enough to throw them change -- and you see roads lined with the detritus of america 's war here . huge lines of excavators , cherry-pickers , and forklift trucks sit idle . at times it seemed there was little america would n't do , or try , to meets its often fluid goals in the country . yet today , the machines that could have once moved small mountains do little more than gather dust . exclusive : afghan woman forced to marry her rapist . further down the road too are more winners-turned-losers of the nato presence here . vast supply chains once kept 120,000 troops fed and watered . trucks lined the roads and climbed up to the military bases . now the bases are gone , and the trucks that once supplied millions sit still . their bosses may have fled abroad with their winnings , yet the drivers have been left behind , stuck with vehicles that cost them $ 30,000 to buy -- and $ 1,000 a year just to keep on the road -- but that would fetch just a tenth of that price now . `` the contracts were with big businessmen and commanders who were giving us very little and made themselves very rich and are now living comfortably in dubai , '' one truck driver tells us . yet still the wedding palaces proliferate . along one stretch of road their endless , multiplying lights throb . each night the houses seem packed -- the commitment to the future still is popular here , despite the uncertainty -- even if the lights that decorate them seem more and more like a symbol of leaving . one set actually replicates the shape of an expensive hotel in dubai . the city 's lights do shine staggeringly and often constantly -- something the taliban never achieved during their rule here . nato 's efforts to keep them on are reported to have involved diesel power stations that cost billions but were barely switched on . the question many surely ask here -- as the last american troops prepare to retreat inside the u.s. embassy by the end of next year -- is how much longer the lights will continue to glow . read more : nick paton walsh answers your questions about afghanistan .