ali addeh refugee camp , djibouti ( cnn ) henol and mebratu emerge from their current home , a modest structure with plastic sheeting serving as its roof , carrying the `` master folder . '' one of the most important documents on the camp , it 's a record of each eritrean 's name and their case -- whether they 've been granted refugee status , whether they 've had their resettlement interview , whether they 've attempted the journey to europe by sea , and whether they 've survived it . by the rows of names , red dots are marked to signify the dead . in the past few days , news -- from the network of friends and family across the world -- came in that 20 new dots needed to be scratched in -- for the 20 friends who 'd drowned off the shores of italy . for 25 years , ali addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into djibouti , which borders eritrea , ethiopia and somalia in the horn of africa . for the camp 's 10,000 residents , who mostly come from these countries , this is supposed to be just the first stop on their journey to resettlement through the united nations . many though say it 's been years and they 're tired of waiting . for those willing to pay , there 's another route to a new life . across the ethiopian border , through to sudan and then up and across into libya -- from where the migrant ships operated by human traffickers set sail at high tide . henol 's friend soloman was among the hundreds who lost their lives this week when their boat capsized in the mediterranean en route to europe , he tells me . they 'd grown up together -- even made the risky journey to djibouti together . when the time came for soloman to travel , henol says he was asked to go too but said no . he hoped to give the legal route a little longer . it was the first time they 'd been separated in years . i ask henol if he still believes in the legal route . `` i can see now that we 've been forgotten by the world , '' he says . `` there is no solution here . no solution back home -- what can we do ? we are living in limbo . '' he tells me he now plans to follow his friend . even though he died trying , i ask ? `` yes , '' he replies . eritrea is ranked as one of the most repressive countries in the world , with an aging dictator enforcing a brutal regime of forced conscription to the army that rights groups believe is a cover for mass exploitation . elected by the country 's national assembly in 1993 , isaias afewerki runs what is essentially a one-party state . one young man at the camp comes over on crutches to show us his disfigured knee . the commander of his military unit , he says , accused him of insubordination and with a viscous kick left him disabled for life -- just a few months shy of his 17th birthday . he asks that we not reveal his name . these are the things no one here will talk about on camera . back in djibouti we find a man who is willing to speak , as long as we obscure his identity . with his face in shadow he haltingly tells us that the last time he saw his father was 20 years ago -- the night his mother was killed trying to stop the men who came to take him away . he believes they were working for the security forces . as soon as he was old enough , he says he made his first attempt at crossing into djibouti . he was discovered and wounded by gunfire . as soon as he 'd recovered though , he tried again , knowing that if he was caught this time he 'd be killed . despite a wound that had barely healed , he made it into djibouti after four days of walking day and night . this is where he 's been for the last seven years , waiting to be resettled through the un . the uncertainty is agony . he understands why others have pinned their hopes on people smugglers and leaky vessels . `` people risk their lives , '' he says , `` for a better life . `` all this that is happening [ in europe ] is because of the neglect of the international community . `` people come to djibouti and look at someone like me who 's been waiting so long and think there is no hope . it 's better to put ourselves in the hands of god . '' if he had the money , he says , he would too .