( cnn ) she predicted events that unfolded in the middle east well before they happened . and her book on iraq became required reading for many military leaders trying to understand the country . veteran journalist and author sandra mackey died sunday , her son , colin mackey , said . she was 77 . her extensive career began in anonymity . she was an undercover reporter working for u.s. newspapers from saudi arabia as her husband , dr. dan mackey , worked in a riyadh hospital . for four years , she hid her writing from the authorities and smuggled her stories out of the country to get around saudi arabia 's prohibition on foreign journalists . her work appeared under the pseudonym michael collins . as she chronicled what was happening around her , mackey 's distinctive voice began to emerge . over the years , a stream of books followed . `` the saudis : inside the desert kingdom '' offered `` a rare first-hand glimpse into the hidden realm of saudi social and public life , '' the new york times wrote . her 1992 book `` passion and politics : the turbulent world of the arabs '' helped bridge gaps in understanding between arabs and americans , critics wrote . mackey wrote for the people she knew , in a layman 's language that was rooted in her training as a high school history teacher . `` scholars may be put off by mackey 's occasionally florid , bombastic language , but her work is a sound analysis and a sympathetic yet balanced effort to explain arab perspectives to americans , '' elizabeth r. hayford wrote in library journal . after earning a history degree from the university of central oklahoma , mackey attended the university of virginia to study international relations . she graduated in the first class of women admitted to the graduate program . for her book on iran , mackey was three times able to win permission to travel through the country unaccompanied , allowing her to paint an intimate portrait of a country going through extraordinary change . her 2002 book `` the reckoning -- iraq and the legacy of saddam hussein '' portended some of the outcomes of the war in iraq -- but also drew some sharp criticism . `` if war prevails , we shall beget a greater disorder in the persian gulf , '' mackey wrote in the book . `` we will be sucked into the resentments of the arab world , the hostilities of the iraqis , and the challenge of nation building in what has become an intensely tribal society at the core of american vital interests in the oil-rich persian gulf . '' fouad ajami , the late hoover institute fellow who was also a frequent guest on cnn , took issue with the book . `` the crowds in baghdad and basra ( like the crowds in kabul that greeted their liberators with kites and music ) may yet embarrass mackey and the countless naive people who see things her way , '' ajami wrote for the new york times ' sunday book review cover story in 2002 . mackey had an oklahoma twang , the slightly nasal kind that she was proud of , but that belied her worldly understanding . she would use it to full effect when she wanted to put people at ease . mackey was a frequent commentator on cnn during the gulf war in the 1990s . she also appeared on countless other outlets , including bill maher 's `` politically incorrect , '' to explain in layman 's terms what was happening in the region . her book on iraq was published one year before the u.s.-led invasion of the country in 2003 . the book forewarned of the consequences of such action . `` in a perfect world , shia , sunni , and kurd , followed by a company of other minorities , would walk into the post-hussein iraq as a liberated people united by common suffering , '' mackey wrote . `` but as all those who plot the way of nations are so acutely aware , the world is not perfect . '' she said those calling for an invasion of iraq `` can not ignore the threats to american security that could come with hussein 's demise . '' `` with american troops on the ground and no governing authority capable of taking charge , the united states faces the real possibility of a secular version of militant islam , '' mackey said . `` ... thus , american military forces rotate in and out , u.s. taxpayer money finances the occupation , and iraqi hostility to a western presence increases . there is no exit strategy except retreat . '' in 2004 the u.s. military actually flew mackey to iraq to teach commanders from the army 's 1st infantry division while the war was still raging . her book on iraq became required reading for many military officers . `` i am literally a little old lady in tennis shoes , '' she used to joke about her ability to gain the confidence of countless sources . `` what 's the harm in talking to me ? ''