( cnn ) a large storm system dubbed typhoon maysak is churning over the pacific ocean , days away from a possible direct hit on the philippines . maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the federated states of micronesia , according to the u.s. joint typhoon warning center . its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the philippine island of luzon on sunday , though the country 's residents could start feeling its effects days before . that could interrupt the easter celebration for many in the predominantly catholic nation , which may be socked by heavy rains and potent winds . the international red cross noted that `` many people are expected to throng coastal areas at this time . '' images of the typhoon as seen from the international space station were posted to twitter , including a vine video showing the swirling eye of the storm . the storm has weakened and is expected to lose more strength before it reaches the philippines . its maximum sustained winds on wednesday were 150 mph , making it a super typhoon in the joint typhoon warning center 's definition . but by thursday , the winds ' strength had declined to around 132 mph -- no longer a super typhoon but still the equivalent of a category 4 hurricane . meteorologist ivan cabrera told cnn that maysak could weaken further to become a tropical storm by the time it reaches the philippine coast . `` this will not be a catastrophic storm , '' cabrera said . that said , it could still cause flooding and bring strong winds , he cautioned . the philippines is frequently hit by typhoons . in december , for instance , hagupit killed at least 18 people in the east asian nation and injured hundreds more . but that devastation paled in comparison to the havoc wrought by super typhoon haiyan in november 2013 , which killed more than 6,000 people and injured more than 27,000 others . that typhoon , considered to be among the strongest storms ever to make landfall , hit the eastern city of tacloban especially hard . the irony of the upcoming storm is its timing : in april , just after the philippines atmospheric geophysical and astronomical services administration officially declared the onset of the nation 's dry , or summer , season . pagasa meteorologist shelley ignacio predicts maysak -- which is called chedeng in the philippines -- will bring heavy rains to luzon starting on friday , according to the state-run philippines news agency . the country 's national disaster risk reduction and management council went on red alert on wednesday because of the storm , the news agency reports . that alert means all relevant personnel are on standby and the public should be on guard for possible effects of the storm . cnn 's jethro mullen contributed to this report .