melamchi , nepal ( cnn ) even from high above , flying in an indian air force helicopter , it is easy to see that the people of melamchi , central nepal , are happy to see us . residents in this remote village , about a 44km drive from nepal 's capital , kathmandu , stand on the distinctive steeply terraced hillsides and wave furiously as the relief flight passes overhead . the mission , a joint effort between indian air crew and a nepalese army medical team , is only the third operation of its kind to reach the village since saturday 's massive 7.8-magnitude quake , which left more than 5,000 people dead . the aircraft is stuffed to capacity with tents , medicines and packages of tinned tuna , instant noodles and rice , all bundled haphazardly aboard the mi-17 by soldiers at the air base in kathmandu barely 15 minutes earlier . local official upendra tamang is there to greet the helicopter as it touches down on a field in front of the village medical clinic , and waiting soldiers swing into action to unload the delivery . he says people have been desperately awaiting the supplies . the situation in melamchi and the surrounding villages is `` dire , '' he tells cnn through a translator . according to nepal 's national emergency operation center , 1,376 people were killed in sindhupalchok district , where melamchi is located , when the earthquake hit . some 18,000 houses were destroyed and 100,000 people have been displaced in the surrounding area , says tamang . `` everyone is sleeping outside , '' he says . he has serious concerns about food supplies in the region , saying the piled boxes of rice and noodles are n't nearly enough to meet the needs of local people . `` aid agencies need to do something very quickly , '' he says . in the days since the quake , injured people from the region have been told to find their way to melamchi so they can be picked up by the relief flights , he says . they 've sent about 500 of the most seriously injured people for treatment in kathmandu already -- the majority by road -- but many more are stuck in a local clinic waiting for help . seven of them , five women and two men , are suddenly driven onto the airfield in a truck and on the back of a pickup . their injuries are not life-threatening , but they look to be in a bad state : bloodied , exhausted and traumatized . an elderly woman 's face is covered in bandages that look like they have n't been changed in days . another cries in pain as she is loaded on to a stretcher from the back of the pickup , then awkwardly hoisted on to the helicopter . among the injured brought on board the flight is forshani tamang , accompanied by her son . he tells cnn their family lives in a village called bachunde , where nearly all the houses were destroyed . he and other family members carried forshani for four hours to reach melamchi . with their home destroyed and their stores of grain lost , the family are in crisis . as the helicopter takes off for the capital , flying over a landscape dotted with collapsed buildings and bright orange tents , nepalese army doctor naveen tiwari offers perhaps the only positive for those on board . the patients ' injuries are mostly lacerations of varying degrees , he says . their vital signs are all stable , and with antibiotics and intravenous drips , they should recover . when the helicopter touches down at kathmandu airbase , the patients are swiftly unloaded and unceremoniously laid out on the tarmac in the emergency triage area in front of an aircraft hangar , and paramedics scramble to administer iv drips to those in need . as forshani 's son feeds her a cracker softened with water , the relief team turn to prepare for another mission . how you can help victims of the nepal earthquakenepal earthquake 's victims overwhelm hospitals .