kathmandu , nepal ( cnn ) kathmandu is a city with few good stories right now , but tanka maya sitoula has one of them . the 40-year-old mother-of-four was at home when saturday 's deadly 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck , bringing the 5-story building down around her ground floor apartment . in the wake of the disaster , which has left at least 4,500 people dead across nepal , sitoula endured 36 long hours trapped in a room on the ground floor , before she was freed by an indian rescue team . remarkably , she escaped without injury , apparently protected by a beam . sitoula , who talked to cnn through an interpreter , says she remained confident she would survive throughout her ordeal amid the rubble . `` i heard people making noise outside so i thought i would be rescued , '' she said , as she and her family sheltered in the grounds of a nearby school . `` i was confident that everybody was there outside and that i would be rescued . '' what did she do for 36 hours ? `` i was just lying down , '' she says . `` there was no room to move here and there . '' sitoula 's husband mahendra , a butcher , said he called out for help for hours after the quake , as he could hear her shouting in the rubble of the collapsed building . `` i was totally confident that she was there , '' he said . `` i never stopped calling her . and also from down below she was making sounds and i could hear her . '' it took 18 hours before the necessary help arrived , he said . and it took another 18 hours to free her . `` i was asking people for help . traffic police , whoever i could find . what happened was there were no tools to cut through the metal debris . '' eventually , a rescue team from india had the equipment required , he said . throughout the ordeal , he never gave up hope , he says : `` i was confident that my wife was safe and sound . '' he was only concerned about how she would fare during the attempt to free her . inspector karam singh from india 's national disaster management authority was supervising search and rescue efforts at the sitoulas ' former home tuesday -- a bright pink building , pancaked into two levels , with an entire wall sheared off to reveal its purple interior . he described the rescue efforts as physically draining work -- `` cutting , pushing and pulling '' -- but extremely rewarding in the case of sitoula . `` she was happy , so so happy . she was n't stopping praising us , '' he said . `` we said it 's good to have a [ survivor ] . '' singh said workers had recovered one body from the building , adding that he believed eight to 10 others remained trapped inside . but as a french team of sniffer dogs completed a sweep of the ruins with no promising signs , following a search with a sensor earlier which also showed no signs of life , singh said there was `` no chance '' of finding any survivors . as a digger worked to clear the rubble of her former home , sitoula agreed : two days after her rescue , she says it is highly unlikely there are others as lucky as her , still surviving beneath the rubble . the prognosis is equally dire in kathmandu 's gangabhu neighborhood , where search teams are focusing their efforts on a cluster of collapsed six-story guesthouses . a handler from a japanese search dog team climbs down the wreckage with a stern expression . `` i 'm sorry . it did n't work out , '' he tells the nepalese police officers involved in the search and recovery effort . officer tejush swarnakar , with the nepalese armed police , says officials believe about 50 people may be trapped in the rubble . four bodies have been recovered -- but on monday , there was a rare survival story . members of gea , a turkish volunteer search and rescue team , pulled 21-year-old john keisi from the debris after a 13-hour rescue effort . swarnakar 's colleagues were also diverted into action nearby , when dozens of protesters block a busy thoroughfare , chanting : `` down with the government . '' there are complaints , specifically , that the government is not doing enough to prevent rising transport prices in the wake of the earthquake . a bus window is smashed and there are brief scuffles as police move in to clear the crowd using shields and long batons . a short walk away , along the banks of the bishnumati river , residents perch precariously on the slanted roof of a collapsed building in an attempt to salvage what they can . next door , a striking sight : a rope of knotted sheets hangs from a third-floor window . neighbor aakash karki , 19 , says that seven people escaped using the rope . as the sun starts to set , crowds gather in kathmandu 's sitapali neighborhood to watch the work of a large group of rescue and recovery teams . this is where members of gea made the first of their two rescues in nepal at 3 a.m. sunday , pulling bikram chepang , 22 , from the debris of 11 collapsed buildings . now , back at the site , there are faint hopes that a third , and remarkable , rescue may on the cards . a search dogs scouring the wreckage has given an indication that it may have detected life . the volunteers continue their search , but conclude the dog was mistaken . they do n't believe there 's anyone alive inside . read more : nepal earthquake - how you can helpread more : shattered lives - houses and families ripped apart .