( cnn ) it took prosecutors months to present 131 witnesses to support their claim that former nfl star aaron hernandez killed semi-pro player odin lloyd . on monday , hernandez 's defense gave its side of the story , wrapping up its witnesses in less than a day . hernandez , 25 , is on trial for the shooting death of lloyd , whose body was found in a massachusetts industrial park in june 2013 . now that the defense has rested , it wo n't be long before the jury begins deliberating . much of the evidence in the former new england patriots ' case is circumstantial . here are some key points jurors will have to consider after each side makes closing arguments on tuesday : as news spread that hernandez was under investigation in june 2013 , patriots owner robert kraft called in the tight end for a meeting two days after lloyd 's death . `` he said he was not involved , '' kraft testified last week . `` he said he was innocent , and that he hoped that the time of the murder incident came out because he said he was in a club . '' there 's only one potential problem with that claim : the time lloyd was killed had n't been made public yet by the time hernandez met with kraft . so how could hernandez have known when lloyd was killed ? `` what a great , great witness for the prosecution , '' cnn legal analyst mel robbins said . `` basically what happened is aaron hernandez lied to his boss . and the only way you rebut it is if you put him on the stand . '' when questioned by a defense attorney , kraft said that he 'd never had any problems with hernandez and that the player was always respectful to him . hernandez 's fiancee , shayanna jenkins , revealed for the first time last week that hernandez told her to dispose of a box from the couple 's home that she said reeked of marijuana . she also said she did n't know what was in the box . that revelation may contradict the prosecution 's contention that the weapon used in the killing was in the box . the murder weapon in the case has not been recovered . during cross-examination by the defense , jenkins testified that she suspected marijuana because the box smelled `` skunky . '' earlier , she told prosecutors during direct examination that she did n't know what was in the box . she said hernandez never told her , and she never looked . after concealing the box with her daughter 's clothing , jenkins said she threw it away in `` a random dumpster '' but could not remember exactly where . much testimony has focused on the shoes hernandez wore the night lloyd was shot . a nike consultant testified that hernandez was wearing nike air jordan retro 11 lows . about 93,000 pairs of that shoe were made , significantly fewer in a size 13 . the shoe 's sole makes a distinct impression , said lt. steven bennett of the massachusetts state police . the consultant testified under questioning from defense attorney jamie sultan that other nike shoes -- more than 3 million -- make the same impression . yet bennett , who works in crime scene services , testified that the footprint left near lloyd 's body was `` in agreement '' or consistent with the air jordan retro 11 lows size 13 . although he did not have the shoes that hernandez wore that night , he used an identical pair to make his determination . bennett did so by creating a transparency of the sole and laying it over a photo of the footwear impression . jurors watched as he drew lines showing how the sole aligned with the impression . what may have been a key moment for the prosecution was quickly derailed by defense attorney jamie sultan . sultan questioned the science behind analyzing footprints . he introduced a march 2014 investigative report written by bennett saying the partial footwear impression lacked certain detail and quality to be able to make a comparison . prosecutors used grainy footage from hernandez 's home security system to suggest he was holding a .45-caliber handgun -- the same kind of gun police said was used to kill lloyd . hernandez could be seen on camera pulling into his driveway minutes after lloyd was shot to death in an industrial park about a mile from hernandez 's home . `` in my opinion , the firearm shown in the video stills is a glock pistol , '' glock sales manager kyle aspinwall testified . the video is time-stamped minutes after workers in a nearby industrial park describe hearing loud noises like fireworks -- the moment prosecutors say lloyd was gunned down after getting out of a car hernandez was driving . hernandez 's lawyers then showed a different part of the video time-stamped a few seconds earlier with hernandez holding what appeared to be a shiny object in one hand , suggesting it may be an ipad . `` glock pistols do n't have white glows to them , do they ? '' defense attorney james sultan asked . `` no , they do not , '' aspinwall answered . sultan then displayed a soft-pellet gun similar in shape to a glock , suggesting it could also be the object hernandez is holding . hernandez has pleaded not guilty in lloyd 's death . but already , his arrest has led to deep consequences , including his release from the new england patriots and the loss of millions of dollars in expected earnings . so what might make a young man who had signed a $ 40 million contract risk everything ? prosecutors have said lloyd might have done or said something that did n't sit well with hernandez . they claimed hernandez rounded up some friends and orchestrated a hit to settle the score . hernandez 's co-defendants , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , also pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . but the case gets more complicated . evidence collected in lloyd 's death investigation led to two more murder charges against hernandez in a separate case in boston . hernandez is also accused of shooting daniel de abreu and safiro furtado , allegedly over a spilled drink at a nightclub . that double shooting took place in july 2012 , almost a year before lloyd was killed . prosecutors have said in pretrial hearings that hernandez may have been mad at himself for possibly showing lloyd the spot where that double murder happened . during trial , prosecutors suggest a text written by hernandez the day before the murder saying he was `` buggin '' for showing lloyd `` the spot '' may have played a role in plotting to kill lloyd . the judge has banned any mention of the double murder in lloyd 's trial , ruling it is prejudicial . hernandez has pleaded not guilty in those deaths as well . but when the lloyd trial ends , that murder trial awaits him . cnn 's jason hanna , lawrence crook , laura dolan and catherine e. shoichet contributed to this report .