( cnn ) it was all set for a fairytale ending for record breaking jockey ap mccoy . in the end it was a different but familiar name who won the grand national on saturday . 25-1 outsider many clouds , who had shown little form going into the race , won by a length and a half , ridden by jockey leighton aspell . aspell won last year 's grand national too , making him the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses . `` it feels wonderful , i asked big questions , '' aspell said of many clouds , moments after his victory . `` over the fences he was awesome . i was just hoping his batteries would last and they did , '' he added . no fairytale . yet for much of the grand national -- arguably the world 's most famous and certainly the sport 's most prestigious jump race -- it looked as if ap mccoy was about to write an ending befitting the career of a man who has dominated jump racing for two decades . his horse shutthefrontdoor was in the leading group as it negotiated the likes for becher 's brooke and the chair , some of the toughest jumps in racing . last week the 40-year-old ulsterman , who has won an astonishing 4,356 races , announced he would retire if he won the grand national for the second time in his career . shutthefrontdoor was heavily backed by the betting public sensing a storybook conclusion to mccoy 's career . uk and irish betting firms even predicted they would lose as much as $ 73 million if mccoy won . he was well placed going into the final straight but just could n't keep up after many clouds cut lose , and finished back in fifth . third time winner . but for trevor hemmings , the owner of many clouds , it was his third victory in the grand national . `` i always dreamed of winning my first national , '' a shocked hemmings told channel 4 . `` then along comes a second . that 's special . and when a third comes along , it 's such a wonderful , wonderful feeling . '' hemming went on to praise aspell 's performance . `` this morning talking we talked about the achievers , '' said hemmings . `` they are quiet , confident and experienced . he has all of them . '' mccoy 's fifth placed finish means he will race again at least once more , in two weeks time at sandown .