( cnn ) the united nations is appealing for $ 174 million to help nigerian refugees who 've fled to neighboring nations following militant attacks . boko haram has killed thousands in the nation 's northeast by attacking villages , schools , churches and mosques . it has also kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in april last year . a majority of them remain missing . the militants have attacked relentlessly for six years , sending 192,000 people seeking shelter in cameroon , niger and chad . `` displaced people in northeastern nigeria and across borders are in a very dramatic situation , they fear for their lives and are at this point unable to return to their homes , '' said liz ahua , who 's coordinating nigerian refugee efforts for the u.n . aid agencies are scrambling to provide the refugees with clean water , shelter , food and access to education . `` in the refugee camps , thousands of school-age refugee children can not attend school because of lack of classrooms and teachers , '' ahua said . mental health needs are crucial to help the survivors of physical attacks and those who 've witnessed violence , according to the u.n . some children are separated from their parents amid the trauma . `` the conflict has had a devastating impact on children , including many who were forcibly recruited by the insurgents in nigeria , '' ahua said . the appeal encompasses the needs of 23 agencies and nongovernmental organizations helping the refugees . `` adequate funding is crucial to make sure aid agencies can improve the living conditions for refugees in asylum countries and respond to their protection needs , '' ahua said . `` we relocate refugees away from the conflict border areas , and establish additional refugee camps where needed . '' the islamist group has said its aim is to impose a stricter form of sharia law across nigeria , which is split between a majority muslim north and a mostly christian south . an additional 1.2 million people are displaced within nigeria as a result of the insurgency . cnn 's pierre meilhan contributed to this report .