( cnn ) this week brought a dramatic turn of events in a small community outside of detroit : a man bloodied during a traffic stop was cleared of all charges , the police officer who arrested the motorist is charged with beating him and the community 's police chief has stepped down . on monday , wayne county prosecutor kym worthy announced charges of assault and mistreatment of a prisoner against william melendez . he 's the 49-year-old former inkster , michigan , police officer who is seen in police car dashcam video grabbing the unarmed motorist , floyd dent , around the neck while he lay on the ground and punching him several times in the head . `` the alleged police brutality in this case can not and will not be tolerated , '' worthy said . on wednesday , drug charges against dent , 57 , were formally dropped in michigan circuit court , clearing the motorist of all wrongdoing . `` he busted out crying and was very emotional , '' said angela martin , the assistant to dent 's attorney . in the wake of the reversal of fates , police chief vicki yost announced wednesday her resignation , according to inkster city manager richard marsh . marsh would not cite a specific reason for yost 's investigation , though she had been the face of the police department during the investigation into her former officer . in a statement , dent and his attorney greg rohl told cnn : `` we are all ecstatic , especially mr. dent . this is another step in the right direction . the system is still working , and we are very hopeful the prosecutor 's net will catch even more fish in the near future . '' yost did not respond to a request for comment . dent , a veteran ford automotive worker , was arrested after the january traffic stop on charges of drug possession , assaulting an officer and resisting arrest . with the court decision wednesday , all charges from the arrest have been dropped . melendez pleaded not guilty to the new charges brought against him in an arraignment tuesday at inkster district court , according to his lawyer , david lee . `` we intend to vigorously contest the charges , '' lee said . `` i can understand how people might be disturbed by looking at [ the video ] ; however ; i hope everyone will withhold judgment until all the facts come out where they should in a court of law . '' worthy 's announcement came after the conclusion of two investigations into the incident by michigan state police and the wayne county prosecutor 's office . in the police report written after the january arrest , melendez wrote that he hit dent only after dent had threatened him and bit him in the arm . melendez wrote that as he approached the car , dent kept his hands from view , looked at him `` with a blank stare as if on a form of narcotic , '' and said , `` i 'll kill you . '' dent told cnn at the time that he had never threatened nor bit the police officer . `` i did n't bite anyone . i did n't have time to bite anyone . he was too busy pounding me in my head , '' dent said . rohl also alleged that the cocaine found at the scene had been planted by melendez . `` my client 's fingerprints will not be on that bag , '' rohl told wdiv .