( cnn ) on tuesday , a white police officer in north charleston , south carolina , was charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back . officer michael slager was arrested after raw video surfaced showing him firing numerous shots at walter scott as scott ran away from a traffic stop . the video footage contradicts slager 's statement that he felt threatened after scott allegedly took his stun gun during a scuffle . the post and courier reported that the fbi has opened an investigation into the shooting death along with the state law enforcement division , while the south carolina attorney general is investigating possible civil rights violations . now , after watching the footage — which should remain in your memory for a long time to come — one could say that slager shot scott like a dog . but then again , dogs usually are not treated this badly . but the man was shot like a runaway slave . in this case , there was clear documented evidence of what occurred , and no room for fabrications . most police fatal shootings do not result in indictments because prosecutors conclude they are justifiable . the police officer can always plant a gun on the suspect he shot to death , or like slager , apparently place a taser near scott 's body and concoct some story that his life was in danger . `` we ca n't bring mr. scott back , but something like this today can have a bigger precedence than just what happened here with mr. scott . because what happened today does n't happen all the time , '' said l. chris stewart , an attorney for the scott family , at a press conference . `` i do n't think that all police officers are bad cops , but there are some bad ones out there . and i do n't want to see anyone get shot down the way that my brother got shot down , '' said anthony scott , brother of the victim . `` what if there was no video ? what if there was no witness , or hero as i call him , to come forward ? then this would n't have happened , because as you can see , the initial reports stated something totally different . the officer said that mr. scott attacked him and pulled his taser and tried to use it on him . but somebody was watching , '' stewart added . `` after watching the video , the senseless shooting and taking of # walterscott 's life was absolutely unnecessary and avoidable , '' tweeted sen. tim scott . `` my heart aches for the family and our north charleston community . i will be watching this case closely . '' although the black community and others have been aware for years of the problem of police brutality , through personal experience and anecdotes , the data confirm that police use of deadly force is a black and white issue . a propublica analysis of police shootings from 2010 to 2012 found that young black males are 21 times more likely to be fatally shot by the police than young white males . and 67 % of teens killed while fleeing or resisting arrest were black . of the whites who are killed by cops , 91 % are killed by white cops . sixty-eight percent of people of color who are killed by police are also killed by white officers . furthermore , 10 % of police involved in fatal shootings are black , and 78 % of the people killed by black officers are black . according to cynthia lee of george washington university law school , the disproportionate representation of blacks and other people of color in police shootings is due to the role of racial stereotypes by police . racial stereotypes , lee argues , subconsciously influence an officer 's decision on whether to use deadly force , even if the police do not consciously decide to use deadly force based on race . a simple question posed to the officer by a black person could be perceived as a threat to the officer 's authority . what 's more , a washington state university study on deadly force found that participants felt more threatened in scenarios involving black suspects , suggesting participants `` held subconscious biases associating blacks and threats . '' scott is the latest in a long line of black bodies , from michael brown in ferguson , missouri , and eric garner in staten island , to john crawford iii near dayton , ohio , and tanisha anderson and tamir rice in cleveland . in this case , the bystander video of scott 's killing and the cover-up of the crime by slager made the difference . otherwise , the bogus narrative of the good white cop protecting himself from the menacing black thug may have prevailed . what happened in north charleston tells us the epidemic of police deadly force has not died . and yet , the mobilization and heightened consciousness of people across the nation have kept the issue on the front burner . the taking of black lives by the police remains a crisis situation in america that must be addressed , because # blacklivesmatter . may walter scott rest in peace . the arrest and charging of officer michael slager is a rare event that must be celebrated for the small victory that it is , in the midst of unspeakable tragedy . but this is by no means over .