( cnn ) much like the ardent young royal-watchers of today , enamored by the duchess of cambridge 's very being , i was similarly captivated by diana , princess of wales when i was a youngster . she was a rare breed : stunningly beautiful , immediately accessible , witty , charming and endearingly mischievous -- she was one in a million . of course that was long before the , `` there were three of us in this marriage , so it was a bit crowded , '' interviews and tell-all books alleging suicide attempts and acts of betrayal , but back then i was unaware of her more scandalous infamy . i simply adored her ... i still do . as the world awaits the impending birth of william and kate 's second baby , potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation and heated debate . girls ' names are causing the biggest stir , as there seems to be a belief that the couple are expecting a princess . if the assumptions are correct , she will be the first princess of cambridge born into the royal family in 182 years . the birth of any baby is cause for celebration , but given recent changes in the laws of succession , her arrival would be a historical one . in choosing a name , titled royals tend to turn to the family tree , rather than a well-thumbed copy of `` 1,001 best baby names '' like the rest of us . traditionally they pick dynastic names , and there are plenty to choose from : elizabeth , alice , victoria and charlotte have all been frontrunners , but the sentimental favorite among punters remains diana . in a recent today show poll , 32 % of americans predicted the name was a shoo-in , and in the uk the bookies ' odds of a baby named after her late grandmother change almost daily as diana becomes an increasingly popular choice . that said , in the event the couple do welcome a baby girl , i would hope that they do not opt to name her diana . today diana 's name is as divisive as the very institution of monarchy itself : while some have virtually sainted her , others have been vehemently critical , accusing her of being childish , unhinged and self-serving . contrary to popular belief the queen was very fond of diana , but should her name be bestowed as a first name upon the baby , it would be perceived as a slap in the face to the monarchy . in the years since earl spencer 's scathing attack on the windsors at diana 's funeral , the nation has moved on and diana 's legacy has been celebrated . she has become a part of royal history . her memory has been preserved , and the royal family is once again enjoying a renewed sense of popularity . out of respect to the queen , charles , camilla and the baby herself the couple simply would n't do it . diana 's name conjures up both positive and negative responses the world over , and whichever side of the fence you 're on , the moniker seems to me an almighty burden for a newborn baby to carry . since diana 's death almost 18 years ago , william has honored his mother 's memory in a private and personal fashion . he has taken on many of her patronages and continued to champion her causes . at his wedding in 2011 the bishop of london , richard chartres , a close friend of diana and executor of her will , gave the address . the hymn guide me o thou great redeemer , which was sung at both diana 's funeral in 1997 and at the memorial marking the tenth anniversary of her death in 2007 , was chosen for the royal wedding . julia samuel , another close friend of diana , was asked to serve as godmother to prince george . william chose kensington palace , his own childhood home , to be the primary residence for his family , and in perhaps the most public acknowledgment of his mother 's memory , he gave kate diana 's engagement ring . william does n't need to name his second-born child after his mother in order to honour her ; he does so by being a good husband and father . i still miss diana . she was a one-off , and i do n't believe the world will ever witness another quite like her . daily comparisons to her late mother-in-law are already kate 's cross to bear . should n't a baby girl be spared the same fate ? diana 's tragic , untimely death and iconic status will ensure her memory is kept alive for generations to come . she would n't want her granddaughter to languish in her shadow . she would want her to go out into the world , to make her own mark and help those less fortunate , to enrich the lives of others and to carve out her own unique identity -- as alice , elizabeth , victoria , charlotte , or -- my own personal pick -- alexandra .