( cnn ) never mind cats having nine lives . a stray pooch in washington state has used up at least three of her own after being hit by a car , apparently whacked on the head with a hammer in a misguided mercy killing and then buried in a field -- only to survive . that 's according to washington state university , where the dog -- a friendly white-and-black bully breed mix now named theia -- has been receiving care at the veterinary teaching hospital . four days after her apparent death , the dog managed to stagger to a nearby farm , dirt-covered and emaciated , where she was found by a worker who took her to a vet for help . she was taken in by moses lake , washington , resident sara mellado . `` considering everything that she 's been through , she 's incredibly gentle and loving , '' mellado said , according to wsu news . `` she 's a true miracle dog and she deserves a good life . '' theia is only one year old but the dog 's brush with death did not leave her unscathed . she suffered a dislocated jaw , leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity -- and still requires surgery to help her breathe . the veterinary hospital 's good samaritan fund committee awarded some money to help pay for the dog 's treatment , but mellado has set up a fundraising page to help meet the remaining cost of the dog 's care . she 's also created a facebook page to keep supporters updated . donors have already surpassed the $ 10,000 target , inspired by theia 's tale of survival against the odds . on the fundraising page , mellado writes , `` she is in desperate need of extensive medical procedures to fix her nasal damage and reset her jaw . i agreed to foster her until she finally found a loving home . '' she is dedicated to making sure theia gets the medical attention she needs , mellado adds , and wants to `` make sure she gets placed in a family where this will never happen to her again ! '' any additional funds raised will be `` paid forward '' to help other animals . theia is not the only animal to apparently rise from the grave in recent weeks . a cat in tampa , florida , found seemingly dead after he was hit by a car in january , showed up alive in a neighbor 's yard five days after he was buried by his owner . the cat was in bad shape , with maggots covering open wounds on his body and a ruined left eye , but remarkably survived with the help of treatment from the humane society .