( cnn ) unicef said friday that an initial shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies , meant to help 80,000 innocents caught up in the havoc of yemen , had at last landed in yemen 's capital , sanaa . the conflict is exacting a heavy toll on children and families , unicef said in a statement . `` the humanitarian situation is worsening all the time , with increasingly limited access to water , basic sanitation and critical health services , '' the statement quoted unicef yemen representative julien harneis , speaking from amman , jordan , as saying . `` the supplies we have managed to bring in today can make the difference between life and death for children and their families -- but we know they are not enough , and we are planning more of these airlifts . '' aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed , but getting them into the country in the midst of regional turmoil was difficult . unicef said its cargo included antibiotics , bandages , syringes , iv sets and other medical supplies . included as well , the agency said , were micronutrients for up to 20,000 children and water storage materials airlifted through djibouti from unicef 's supply center in denmark . also friday , the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said that about 900 refugees from yemen have arrived in the horn of africa . many more are reportedly trying to make the trip but are hampered by fuel shortages and high fees by boat operators . `` unhcr is extremely concerned about the dangers for anyone trying to flee across the red sea and gulf of aden , where there are no search and rescue operations , '' the agency said in a statement . `` last year , 246 lives were reported lost in sea crossings to yemen . unhcr appeals to all ships in the area to be extra vigilant and assist any boats in distress . we also ask that countries with vessels in waters near yemen -- including surveillance and anti-piracy vessels -- instruct their ships to help with rescues . '' it said that , as demand increases , the boats attempting the dangerous crossing are likely to become more crowded -- a crossing that has historically been made in the other direction , by people fleeing africa in favor of yemen . many yemenis are attempting the trip in rickety fishing boats . one family told cnn the crossing was `` a window into hell . '' and underscoring the increasing toll being exacted by the conflict in yemen , the world health organization said friday that at least 643 people have been killed in the country since the fighting escalated three weeks ago . but it acknowledged that the number was almost certainly an underestimate . `` as of 6 april 2015 there have been a total of 643 deaths and 2,226 injuries , '' the who , the health arm of the united nations , said in a statement . `` casualty estimates are likely to change in the coming days as additional cases are verified and reported . '' the figures cover the period from march 19 to april 6 . they include , however , only deaths and injuries verified by a health facility . other deaths and injuries have undoubtedly occurred . security in the country , which is on the arabian peninsula , deteriorated sharply last month when houthi rebels advanced on sanaa and the port city of aden , forcing president abdu rabu mansour hadi to flee the country . since then , saudi arabia has launched airstrikes meant to halt the advance of the houthis . in at least one case , according to houthi sources , one of those strikes hit a school .