( cnn ) the story of anthony stokes was supposed to have a happy ending . instead it ended tuesday , police say , with the teen heart transplant recipient carjacking someone , burglarizing a home , shooting at an elderly woman , leading police on a high speed chase and then dying after his car hit a pole . in 2013 , the teen 's family told media that an atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery due to what the hospital described in a letter as stokes ' `` history of non-compliance . '' at the time , mark bell was acting as a stokes family spokesman . bell told cnn that a doctor told the family that anthony 's low grades and time in juvenile detention factored into the hospital 's decision to deny him a heart . `` the doctor made the decision that he was n't a good candidate because of that , '' bell said then . `` i guess he did n't think anthony was going to be a productive citizen . '' about a week after stokes ' story made headlines , children 's healthcare of atlanta gave him a heart . on tuesday , stokes carjacked someone at a mall , kicked in the door of a home in roswell , georgia , and fired a shot at an elderly woman , who called 911 , said roswell police spokeswoman lisa holland . stokes drove away in a black suv , she said . police spotted the car and ran its plates which showed it had been stolen . police chased the vehicle . stokes lost control of the car , hit a pedestrian and then a pole , holland said . the vehicle was nearly halved , she said . the pedestrian is stable and in good condition , according to cnn affiliate wsb . stokes died at a hospital , holland said . in 2013 , stokes ' family provided media with a letter they said was from children 's healthcare of atlanta . `` anthony is currently not a transplant candidate due to having a history of noncompliance , which is one of our center 's contraindications to listing for heart transplant , '' it read . assessing compliance for potential transplant recipients is important because if a patient does n't strictly take all required medicines as directed , he or she could die within weeks of leaving the hospital , said dr. ryan davies , a cardiothoracic surgeon at the alfred i. dupont hospital for children in wilmington , delaware , told cnn . davies was not involved with this case . when stokes ' family was trying to get him a heart , the southern christian leadership conference advocated for the teen . sclc 's the rev . samuel mosteller told cnn that he was disappointed . `` we got this young man a second chance in life , '' he said . sclc referred the teenager to a mentor program in the atlanta area , but mosteller said that he was n't sure if the teenager participated . `` what happened between the time in 2013 to now , i do n't really know , '' he said . `` how much anthony recognized the gravity of things and did what he needed to do to make himself a viable citizen , i do n't know . but we tried . '' cnn 's lauren leslie , marylynn ryan , elizabeth landau and jacque wilson contributed to this report .