shanghai , china ( cnn ) volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest china to the united states next month , the first time chinese-built passenger cars will roll into american showrooms . parent company geely automobile , which bought volvo in 2010 , is seeking to prove that a chinese company can manage a global auto brand . geely 's gambit will be watched to see if it paves the way for other chinese car manufacturers to crack developed markets . ceo håkan samuelsson said volvo planned to sell 1,500 chinese-made s60 inscription sedans in 2015 and 5,000 annually in subsequent years . for many u.s. consumers , china is still more closely linked with cheap clothing and electronics than luxury vehicles , but samuelsson downplayed any concerns about quality . `` we do n't highlight where the vehicle is built but we do n't keep it a secret . we sell them as volvos and we know they are exactly the same in quality no matter where they are produced , '' he told cnn . the car will be one of four models produced in a manufacturing plant in chengdu that opened in 2013 . but given that volvo 's brand is staked on its reputation for safety , analysts said the company will have to tread carefully . `` they have a strong enough reputation no matter where they 're made . they will have to make sure they do n't ruin that perception with any quality issues , '' said raymond tsang , a shanghai-based partner at consultants bain & company . china surpassed the u.s. as the largest market for car sales globally in 2009 , and most major automakers build cars in china . but until now those cars have been sold almost exclusively in china . chinese car manufacturers like geely and its rival great wall motor do export their models to countries in africa , the middle east and eastern europe . but none have so far dared tackle developed markets like the u.s. and western europe . geely chairman li shufu said he hoped the company would eventually become a global car brand , but said there were no current plans to begin export its home-grown brand to u.s. showrooms . `` we have the ambition , yes ; determination yes , but i 'm also [ a ] very realistic person , '' he said . industry analysts say it 's unlikely we will see chinese car makers shake up the u.s. car market in the same way japanese and south korean manufacturers did decades earlier , at least in the near future . `` hyundai and toyota are now extremely successful but it took them decades to move away from being perceived as lower end and lower quality than u.s. cars , '' said tsang . `` and now the market is even more competitive , especially for entry level models . '' read more : china wants eyes on cars not models at shanghai auto show .