( cnn ) people have long underestimated the athleticism necessary for golf . but over the last decade , with fit golfers like tiger woods , adam scott , and now jordan spieth all winning the masters , the training perspective on golf is shifting . there 's a particular emphasis on the functional movement required to execute the perfect swing , which is why yoga is increasingly appealing to golfers . during the masters , spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas that enhance swing power and fluid control while decreasing the risk of back and knee injuries : mid-back mobility and internal hip rotation . equally important , he did it while maintaining a stable low back and integrated core strength as the foundation for expressing his swing mobility . related : yoga for triathletes . remember tiger wood 's low-back problem earlier this year ? tiger blamed a lack of glute ( primary buttock muscle ) firing for locking up his back , but attempting to rotate from his low back instead of moving functionally from his mid back or hips likely exacerbated the issue . when golfers have mobility limitations in their mid back or hips , they compensate with their low back and knees , which not only hampers play but often leads to pain and injury . want the mobility to swing like spieth and avoid the back and knee issues that commonly plague golfers ? try these three yoga-based moves i use with my pga clients to address the key areas of the swing . trains internal hip rotation ; stabilizes and lengthens lower back muscles ; stretches upper back and shoulders ; encourages ankle mobility . start in a neutral all-fours position with your hips over your knees and your shoulders above your wrists . engage your deep core muscles to stabilize your low back . extend your right leg straight out to the side with your toes pointing forward and the sole of your foot down . exhale as you sit your hips back toward your heels as far as you can go comfortably without knee , hip or back pain . inhale as you bring your body weight forward again and internally rotate from your right hip to come up onto your toes ( as pictured ) . be sure the rotation is coming from your hip , not your lower back , knees or ankles . exhale and return your hips back towards your heels and the sole of your foot to the floor . repeat the movement in synch with your breathing through five repetitions on each side . promotes proper mid-back extension ; strengthens shoulder girdle , opens front of shoulders and chest ; lengthens low back . lie prone ( belly down ) on your forearms with your elbows under your shoulders . exhale as you press down through your forearms as though you are trying to slide your belly through your arms to create length in your low back . at the same time , move your shoulder blades down toward your waist . this will activate the mid-back muscles essential for thoracic spine extension while inhibiting the muscles of your upper neck and chest that limit mobility . hold the posture for three long , deep breaths . rest for a breath or two and repeat for a total of three holds . promotes thoracic spine rotation and shoulder girdle function ; stabilizes low back ; activates glutes ( primary muscles of the buttocks ) ; encourages ankle mobility , strengthens adductors ( groins ) , core and legs . stand with your feet together ; your big toes should touch but allow space between your heels to avoid externally rotating your hips . exhale as you sit back into a squat with your hands and forearms together in front of your chest . inhale as you hold the position , ensuring that your low back does n't arch , and your glutes and core are activated for support . exhale as you rotate from your mid back to place your inside elbow on the top or outside of one leg . keep your hips and low back stable . avoid separating your knees or letting one drop forward . inhale as you use your bottom elbow for leverage to reach your top elbow upward while pulling your hands toward the center of your chest . exhale as you focus on dropping your shoulder blades down your back and rotating from your mid back . you can look up or down—whatever is comfortable for your neck . hold the twist for two more breaths . repeat on the opposite side . as an advanced option , you can hold one of your clubs ( as pictured ) , reaching your top hand up the club during the twist to open your shoulder and chest . adding these yoga-based moves to your workouts will help you develop the mobility for an optimal swing . but it 's up to you to add skill to the movement . to that end , there are many golf trainers who focus on body mechanics with skill training . according to its website , the titleist performance institute ( tpi ) educates instructors on `` how a properly functioning body allows a player to swing a golf club in the most efficient way possible . '' so , if you really want to swing like spieth , you might consider hiring a tpi-certified trainer since the training staff spieth thanked during his masters victory speech were all tpi certified .