( cnn ) the last time muhammadu buhari came to power in nigeria , it was by force . this time it was by the ballot box . here are five reasons why one of the most fiercely-contested elections in the country 's history is so important . for the first time in nigeria 's history , the opposition defeated the ruling party in democratic elections . muhammadu buhari , 72 , won nigeria 's presidential election , defeating incumbent goodluck jonathan by about two million votes . nigeria is significant because it is the biggest economy and most populous country in africa ; it is also one of africa 's largest oil producers and is a major supplier of crude oil to the united states . this is n't buhari 's first time leading nigeria -- but it 's his first time in nearly 30 years . the reformed dictator is a sunni muslim from nigeria 's poorer north , while jonathan comes from a christian and animist south that is rich with oil . buhari 's win comes after a long history of military rule , coups and botched attempts at democracy in the country . many nigerians told cnn that they saw president jonathan as an ineffectual leader who was indecisive in dealing with the terror group boko haram -- and weak on corruption . buhari , who was campaigning for the fourth time , capitalized on these weaknesses and some analysts believe that his military background was an advantage for him . nigerians wanted a strong leader who could keep them safe from boko haram 's murderous raids -- and buhari also campaigned as a born-again democrat to allay fears about his strict military regime the last time around . he stressed that nigeria 's security needs to be the next government 's focus . his campaign was also fiercely anti-corruption -- he ran under the slogan of `` new broom , '' and his supporters were often pictured holding brooms in the lead-up to the vote . the elections were largely predicted to be violent and everyone , nigerians included , expected the worst . some families moved abroad and there was sporadic violence across the country in the lead up to the election . but those fears turned out to be mostly unfounded , and the elections held relatively peacefully -- with the exception of attacks in the north of the country , where around 11 people died . many also praised president jonathan 's gracious and quick concession of defeat as it almost certainly prevented post-election violence . president-elect buhari said wednesday in a speech to the nation : `` the eyes of the world were focused on us to see if we can vote in a peaceful way and carry out elections in an orderly manner . `` we have proven to the world that we are a people who have embraced democracy and a people who seek a government by , for and for the people . '' on election day , nigerians queued for hours in hot weather to cast their vote . some of the biometric reader machines malfunctioned -- including the one at president jonathan 's polling station -- and voting had to be extended into the following day . but the technical issues did n't keep people from voting -- and in lagos , some voters cast their ballots with the aid of the light from their mobile phones . and even though some card readers did n't work in some places , many say they helped to cut down on vote rigging . boko haram is n't the only obstacle facing the new president . the economy , crime and generating enough power to light up the country are other major issues . the pressure will soon be on buhari to deliver and there will be no excuses . if he fails , nigerians will be waiting for him at the polls just four short years from now .