catania , sicily ( cnn ) we are at the beginning of a massive and mounting crisis with no solution in sight . perhaps that 's incorrect . the migrant crisis that has suddenly drawn hundreds of journalists to sicily has been brewing for years , but in the past 10 days , with as many as 1,600 deaths in the mediterranean , suddenly minds are focused -- for now . almost exactly four years ago , in libya , i caught , perhaps , a glimpse of what was to come . it was late at night in the besieged city of misrata . hundreds of african migrants were caught between the libyan civil war ( back then some optimistically called it a `` revolution '' ) and the deep blue sea . they had come to misrata from ghana , nigeria and elsewhere , hoping to board rickety boats to cross the sea to europe . they had been pinned down under sporadic shelling from government forces , but were n't welcome by the rebels who controlled the city . they appealed to us to help them escape . we could do nothing , but they may have eventually found their way out when the fighting subsided . the fall of libyan leader moammar gadhafi 's regime , which we reporters covered so avidly , was followed by chaos , which we in the news media largely neglected , focused as we journalists were on the next catastrophe , the syrian civil war . in that chaos , the business of human trafficking has boomed . and now that boom in human misery is coming in waves to the shores of italy . the focus today is on those lost at sea . aware of the tragedy underway , however , italians are alarmed at the prospect that this year alone as many as a million migrants could arrive in europe , according to one european union official . that is certainly the case in the sicilian port of catania , where many migrants arrive . the city 's mayor , enzo bianco , insists city residents bear no ill will toward the migrants , but says catania , and sicily can not absorb the ever-growing numbers . the rest of europe must help carry the burden . `` if something serious is n't done , '' he warns , `` dramas like these will be repeated . this problem will not be resolved by hiding our heads in the sand . '' increasingly , some italians are losing their patience . two northern regions , veneto and valle d'aosta , have declared they will no longer accept new migrants . the rightist lega nord has made opposition to new migrants a pillar of its party program . others , however , insist italy must keep its doors open . in catania port , i spoke with grazia giurato , who had joined a small protest in solidarity with the migrants . `` many years ago , our grandparents emigrated , '' she recalled . `` let 's keep that in mind . '' indeed , in tougher times , millions of impoverished italians left their homeland to settle in the americas and australia . they , too , like the migrants from africa and the middle east , were fleeing grinding poverty and war . and they , too , experienced the kind of prejudice and resentment in lands their descendants now proudly call home . that 's the long view , perhaps . but now , today , italians are grappling to deal with the consequences of an array of old and new ills , ranging from failing states and failing economies to endemic corruption , hopeless poverty , oppression and injustice that no one state or group of states can solve without a gargantuan , expensive and politically daunting effort . and while this crisis has been brewing for years , it is now truly upon us .