( cnn ) han and chewie are back . an espn reporter went on a regrettable rant . and we all taxed our brains trying to deduce the date of cheryl 's damn birthday . here are pop culture 's most talked-about stories of the week . producers of `` star wars : the force awakens '' unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer for the upcoming movie , arriving in december . when harrison ford shows up with chewbacca at the end , you can almost hear the internet 's collective squeals . a logic problem from a singapore math test somehow spread across the web , leaving millions trying to figure out the hypothetical birthday of someone named cheryl . we 're guessing that most of us cheated and peeked at the answer . who retires at age 34 ? supermodel gisele bundchen , who walked what she says was her last fashion-show runway this week in her native brazil . she 'll still keep modeling , though -- and hanging out with her husband , who is apparently a football player of some kind . oh , britt mchenry . we all hate having our car towed . but for someone who 's on air at espn , you do n't seem to understand how to behave on camera . speaking of mchenry , a new book by jon ronson explores how social media may go too far in encouraging haters to shame people who make public missteps . ronson told cnn , `` it 's so corrosive to create that kind of society . '' the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in houston , texas . just imagine how fun it 'll be for their parents 16 years from now when they all start dating . fire department , i need you now . singer hillary scott of country band lady antebellum had to vacate her tour bus when it caught fire outside of dallas . most of her stuff was burned , but her bible survived . to infinity and beyond . famed physicist stephen hawking , known for his sense of humor , partnered with the silly lads of monty python to recreate the `` galaxy song '' from their 1983 film `` the meaning of life . '' duckie dances ! remember duckie from `` pretty in pink ? '' of course you do . actor jon cryer charmed fans on cbs 's `` late late show '' by reprising his character 's record-store dance to otis redding 's `` try a little tenderness , '' right down to the wall-dancing and counter-bashing .