( cnn ) last month wu rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on international women 's day against sexual harassment in china . since then , the chinese authorities have formally detained her and four other activists for `` creating disturbances . '' they also briefly detained some of the activists ' supporters , raided a prominent nongovernmental organization that called for their release , and have at points denied some of the women access to medical treatment , lawyers and adequate rest . the fate of the five will be revealed by april 13 , as their case reaches the legal time limit when they must either be released or `` formally arrested , '' which almost always leads to conviction in china 's legal system . the timing of the detentions of china 's most inventive women 's rights activists is ironic : not only did they take place on the very day that marks women 's achievements and their struggle for equality , but they also come in a year in which beijing would have won praise for its role in promoting women 's rights . it appears poised to adopt its first and long-awaited anti-domestic violence law , which is expected to get a reading before the national people 's congress standing committee this summer . this year also marks the 20th anniversary of the influential fourth world conference on women hosted in beijing , during which hillary clinton famously declared that `` women 's rights are human rights . '' i first met wu at a conference several years ago , at a time when there were very few women in china 's weiquan or `` rights defense '' movement . it was common back then for male colleagues to publicly address them as `` babes '' or `` little sisters , '' even in professional—and ostensibly progressive—settings . as women 's rights activists , wu and others fight on two fronts : against overt rights violations by the chinese government and against the wider gender norms that relegate women to second-class citizens . by the time we met again two years later , wu and her young `` direct-action '' feminist colleagues were clearly off and running . they staged small , public `` performance art '' protests that attracted media headlines , energized the more mainstream and academically inclined women 's rights movement , and pushed women 's rights into the national consciousness and onto the government 's agenda . wu had an upbringing typical of her times . she comes from the countryside , which for many has changed beyond recognition within their lifetimes . in recent decades the economy has soared , but her generation is confronting the unhappy consequences of unchecked growth : pollution , unsafe foods and growing inequality between rich and poor . like many parents , she worries about how to find untainted milk powder for her infant boy , and whether to keep her child with her in the city or to send him to his grandparents in the countryside for a quieter , safer upbringing . many in wu and her colleagues ' generation are clear-eyed about the problems of china 's development model , and some want to address those . wu joined yirenping , a nonprofit organization that promotes social equality , whether it is between sexes or among people with and without disabilities , and later founded the women 's rights organization hangzhou women center . and it is in yirenping that she became particularly attuned to the challenges confronting young women in modern china . wu and her colleagues have used innovative tactics with a certain shock factor — `` occupying '' public toilets to show the need for more such conveniences for women , donning blood-spattered wedding gowns to protest domestic violence , shaving their heads to protest against barriers to higher education for women — that raises awareness of gender inequality in ways that resonate , especially with young women in the country . perhaps this is what the government finds threatening : that these activists epitomize the spirit of the times . they are young , confident , ready to challenge established norms , and most importantly , they feel responsible for their society and they want to improve it . as china prepares to mark the anniversary of the fourth world conference on women in september , it will be harder for the authorities to justify detaining these activists . but even if they are released , their work promoting women 's rights will have become exponentially more difficult . the women will now be labeled `` sensitive '' individuals at a time when the authorities are increasingly paranoid about independent groups , their role in fostering nonviolent protests and the overthrow of oppressive governments ( known as `` color revolutions '' ) , and foreign funding of civil society organizations . what wu and her colleagues are now enduring is consistent with a broader government effort to strangle independent activism . authorities have harassed and detained an ever expanding list of activists , and imprisoned others , but they have also tried to co-opt some groups by allowing them to provide services the government finds acceptable , so long as they abandon their activism . this kind of `` differentiated management '' of nongovernmental organizations — punishing some but co-opting others — may work to neutralize some of the more outspoken groups . but ultimately the desires for change among ordinary people that make wu and her friends ' campaigns so popular are unlikely to be answered through `` authoritarian activism '' alone . the chinese communist party now faces a dizzying array of challenges , not least that younger generations do not identify with the party or its values like past generations . rather than lengthening its list of challenges , the party could resolve some and lessen concerns about its legitimacy by freeing and engaging activists like wu and her colleagues , rather than treating them as criminals .