( billboard ) the key to rock 's longevity is it never defines itself into irrelevance . so while there were some loud , dirty guitars at the 2015 rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony in cleveland on saturday night , there was as much recognition for rock 's antecedents in soul and blues , speaking less to a particular taxonomy than a spirit that 's beyond words . it 's easy to talk of such spirit when paul mccartney is there to honor ringo starr , and yoko ono is on hand as well . speaking briefly backstage , ono expressed feeling that it was wonderful for starr to be honored , `` just sad john and george are n't here , '' referring to her late husband john lennon and beatles guitarist and fellow songwriter george harrison . starr was certainly happy to be there — after a long wait , he 's the final beatle to be inducted as a solo act . `` i 've finally been invited , and i love it , '' said the 74-year-old drummer . `` i got lucky , and it was actually in cleveland , '' he said to enormous applause . fifty-one years earlier , starr had been in town to play the very same hall ; he admitted backstage that he did n't remember the cops stopping the show during `` all my loving '' and making the beatles return to the dressing room for ten minutes until the fans could be calmed . starr said in a backstage interview that he could n't recall the incident specifically , but admitted that there had been a lot of shows in between . `` i 'll remember this one , '' he promised . others receiving rock hall honors included paul butterfield blues band , early soul act the 5 royales , singer bill withers , punk rockers green day , lou reed , joan jett & the blackhearts and stevie ray vaughan . it was a night for the young to honor the old and perhaps prepare for a later visit . john mayer hailed his longtime idol , the late vaughan , in a heartfelt speech . john legend came out to honor bill withers with a performance of `` use me '' backed by stevie wonder , who inducted withers . the two then shared `` lean on me , '' until legend went and pulled withers to the front of the stage to join them . beck , yeah yeah yeahs , bill withers , seymour stein hit rock hall 's weekend festivities . the 76-year old soul legend has n't performed live in many years but had hinted in the months leading up to the induction ceremonies that he might sing once more . withers sounded great , though he may have an even brighter future in stand-up . `` this has got to be the biggest aa meeting [ in the ] western hemisphere , '' said withers , alluding to an earlier moment in the show when jimmie vaughan confessed , `` i taught my brother guitar , and he taught me how to get sober . '' he called being inducted by wonder , `` a lion holding the door for a kitty cat . '' the moment of relative levity was welcome after moving tributes paid to the late lou reed by patti smith and reed 's widow , music artist laurie anderson , who shared the three rules for life that they came up with : `` one : do n't be afraid of anyone ; two : get a really good b -- -- -- t detector and learn how to use it ; three : be really , really tender . '' smith had to push back tears on at least three occasions . she recalled a night when they wound up in the same hotel and reed invited her up . she found him in the tub dressed in black and she sat on the toilet and talked with him . green day was inducted by fall out boy , who referenced the length of some of the speeches . cracked fall out boy frontman patrick stump : `` i feel like i 'm in a line at the dmv . '' as one of the youngest acts , it 's not surprising they gave one of the two most exciting performances of the evening . rock hall induction ceremony : lou reed ' would be amused , ' says sister . the other belonged to tom morello , doyle bramhall ii and zac brown with harmonica player jason ricci performing `` born in chicago '' in tribute to the paul butterfield blues band . not only did ricci slay , but morello played a nasty scabrous solo that raised the hairs on your arm , it was so alive . miley cyrus inducted joan jett in her own inimitable way , recalling a time she walked in on jett smoking pot and being so turned on by her strength , wisdom and soul that the young pop star wanted to have sex with the legendary rocker . jett joined the blackhearts and foo fighters ' dave grohl for a mini-set that include such classics as `` bad reputation , '' the runaways ' `` cherry bomb '' and `` crimson and clover , '' the tommy james & the shondelles cover that jett took to no . 1 . it was that kind of a night , and it closed with a rousing version of the beatles ' `` i want to be your man , '' where just about everybody who could make it out on stage did , including a near-end guitar scrum/lead-off between gary clark jr. , morello , zac brown and yeah yeah yeahs ' nick zinner . ©2015 billboard . all rights reserved .