( cnn ) the number of new hiv infections in a rural indiana county has grown , according to the centers for disease control and prevention . the institute is working with state health leaders to control the `` severe outbreak , '' which has spread among users of a prescription opioid called opana . the outbreak has been ongoing since mid-december . as of friday , 142 people have tested positive for hiv , with 136 confirmed cases and six more with preliminary positive test results , all in rural scott and jackson counties . this is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people . the cdc and state health leaders held a news conference friday to talk about the new numbers and about the growing threat of the spread of disease from iv drug use , especially in isolated rural areas that have sparse health resources . scott county , the epicenter of the outbreak , has only one doctor who deals with infectious disease , but the doctor is not an hiv specialist , the state department of health said . since the rampant hiv outbreak was first noticed in mid-december , the state has tried to flood the area with additional resources . indiana declared a public health emergency in that county in march . indiana university has sent health volunteers to provide a clinic , open once a week to help treat people and test them for hiv . these workers are also going door to door to try to educate the population about the danger of sharing needles . so far , 33 patients have visited the temporary clinic , which is starting to see patients return to seek treatment . it 's no coincidence that many of the cases of the newly infected there are younger people `` who were n't around in the '80s and '90s when hiv was at its peak , '' dr. jonathan mermin said . in the 1980s , doctors were seeing an average of 35,000 new hiv infections among iv drug users , and that figure has been down 90 % nationally , he said . so people are n't as aware about the danger of sharing needles . mermin is the director of the national center for hiv/aids , viral hepatitis , std , and tb prevention . education will be key , he emphasized . indiana gov . mike pence also signed a 30-day executive order that allows for a needle exchange . it was set to expire friday , but he extended the order another 30 days tuesday . needle exchanges have been scientifically shown to reduce new infections . the state is also offering job services to people in the area . dr. joan duwve , the chief medical consultant with the indiana state department of health , spoke at length about how communities all along the ohio river in her state and in kentucky and west virginia have seen a huge problem with prescription drug abuse , particularly in areas where there `` is not a lot to do . '' many family members , across generations , live in the same house and will use the drugs together as `` a community activity , '' duwve said . and this has led to more needle sharing , which spreads infection . she said this has been a problem for these areas for at least a decade . another reason this infection has spread so rapidly is the nature of the drug itself . opana , as the prescription opioid is known , needs to be injected more than once a day . duwve said residents have reported injecting it four to 10 times a day to stay under its influence . when people start to feel the drug wear off after about four hours , they begin to feel sick and go into withdrawal . often they 'll turn to an injecting partner in the same house who will share their needle and their drug to give the person relief from these symptoms . the other problem with this drug is that it requires a larger-gauge needle that exposes users to more blood , which increases the risk of infection . health leaders worry about the spread of hiv and other diseases such as hepatitis c around the country as the number of illegal prescription drug users has grown . there has been a 150 % increase in hepatitis c between 2010 and 2013 , the majority of the increase believed to be from injection drug abusers , the cdc said . `` the situation in indiana should serve as a warning not to let our guard down , '' mermin said . `` this is a powerful reminder '' that hiv and other infectious diseases `` can gain ground at any time , unless you remain vigilant . ''