( cnn ) the question : how can i know if my food is safe to eat after a specific product recall ? the answer : many of us shed a few tears over the recent sabra hummus recall ( even though we are perfectly capable of making our own at home ) , but that sadness quickly transformed into anxiety when we looked inside our refrigerators and saw the potentially tainted culprit sitting there on the shelf . to assuage any fears , we asked john swartzberg , m.d. , a clinical professor at the university of california at berkeley , to walk us through the process of determining if our favorite dip was still safe to eat . related : amy 's kitchen recalls more than 70,000 cases of food due to fear of listeria contamination . the first step , according to swartzberg , is to go to the food and drug administration 's website and find the official report for the recalled product you 're worried about . each report will list recalled items with their product codes , which are typically categorized by the universal product code ( the number adjacent to the barcode ) or the stock keeping unit ( a specific number that would only be valid at the store where the product is being sold ) . they will also include the recalled products ' use-by dates , and the geographical areas affected . `` the recall is not based on the use-by dates , though , '' said swartzberg . `` if the product is within the use-by date , it should still be recalled . this makes sense , because the product was contaminated prior to purchase and no matter how ' fresh ' the product is , it still may be contaminated . '' after cross-checking these details , you should have a strong sense of whether your food product is safe to eat or needs to be trashed right away . but as far as avoiding potential problems before learning such details about a food recall , the consumer is at an automatic disadvantage . related : 14 habits of people with a healthy relationship to food . `` there 's nothing the consumer can do prior to learning about the recall , '' said dr. swartzberg . `` discarding or returning the product to the store is all that can be done . '' in the case of this specific hummus recall , while there was no evidence that it caused any consumer illness , the product 's routine sample last month revealed the presence of listeria monocytogenes . consuming such bacteria can lead to listeriosis , a serious infection , and dr. swartzberg recommends that anyone who has consumed a listeria-laden food should let their physician know as soon as possible . `` listeria survives well at cool temperatures , '' he said . `` most bacteria and fungi do not -- that 's why we refrigerate . healthy people are at low risk for disease , but it can happen . those at greatest risk for disease are the elderly , immunocompromised and pregnant . '' to learn more about the best food safety practices , visit uc berkeley 's wellness website . related : 8 things nutrition experts wish you would stop saying about food .