( cnn ) in this holy week , let us be reminded of what the word of god says about fair and living wages . isaiah 58.6 tells us : this is the kind of fast day i 'm after : to break the chains of injustice , get rid of exploitation in the workplace , free the oppressed , cancel debts . the mcdonald 's announcement that the company is going to raise wages for 90,000 of its employees is a significant victory for fast-food cooks and cashiers and those of us who support them . by standing up together , fast-food workers are making it less acceptable for profitable companies like mcdonald 's to pay wages so low that its workers are boxed into poverty . but this action , which would raise starting wages at 1,500 mcdonald's-owned restaurants to at least $ 1 an hour more than the minimum wage set by local law , falls short in three important ways . first , it leaves out the vast majority of mcdonald 's workers . the announcement only affects 10 % of the mcdonald 's restaurants in the united states , ignoring the employees who work at franchised mcdonald 's restaurants . that means hundreds of thousands of workers serving big macs and fries wo n't see a dollar more in their paychecks . mcdonald 's claims that it has no responsibility for those franchises , but its workers , and the national labor relations board , disagree . secondly , this raise is n't nearly enough . one dollar above the minimum wage is n't enough to make paying for groceries , rent and transportation much easier , especially coming from a company that makes nearly $ 5 billion a year in profits . it 's not enough for clothing or health care . it 's not enough , as people of my faith say , for those cooks and cashiers to afford their daily bread . thirdly , the raise does nothing to help workers have a voice in determining their workplace conditions . mcdonald 's and other companies need to stop trying to prevent their workers from speaking out together in a union . they should respect workers ' right to collectively demand sensible schedules and such basics as adequate first aid kits , and not being compelled to work off the clock . we are at a turning point in american history . we are at a third reconstruction . we are at the moment when forces come together to push this country forward toward the goal of a better life for all : sustainable wages , affordable health care , quality education , and , respect for workers ' right to stick together in unions so they can be heard . we are wining this fight , and the mcdonald 's announcement is proof that the momentum is on our side . when all mcdonald 's workers have more money in their pockets , they will inject money back into their neighborhoods , boosting the entire economy . instead of houses in foreclosure and hungry children , we would have a rising wage floor and thriving communities that support more jobs . today , thousands of mcdonald 's workers live below the federal poverty line . many get help from government programs , especially food stamps , to make it week to week . whether we like it or not , our tax dollars help mcdonald 's keep wages artificially low . this is n't just an economic issue . it 's a moral issue . i 've talked to workers at mcdonald 's restaurants who say they have to skip meals because they do n't have enough money . the rev . martin luther king jr. once said , `` what good is having the right to sit at a lunch counter if you ca n't afford to buy a hamburger ? '' it 's time for mcdonald 's to make sure all the people who serve its burgers are paid enough to afford to eat them for dinner . but we are n't going to wait for divine intervention . we 're going to keep organizing and keep fighting until the workers at mcdonald 's , and every other fast-food restaurant , get what makes sense for their families and our communities : a $ 15 per hour wage and a path to form a union without interference or retaliation . mcdonald 's took a small step forward by raising wages for a small minority of the people who run their stores . it 's time for the corporation to find a way to raise wages for everyone working in its restaurants so they can pay their bills , put some money back into their community , and expand prosperity and opportunity across our land .