( cnn ) about a quarter of a million australian homes and businesses have no power after a `` once in a decade '' storm battered sydney and nearby areas . about 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as `` the roads are cut off and we wo n't be able to reach them for a few days , '' michael langley , spokesman for the new south wales state emergency service said . devastating winds lashed cars and homes . the storm system also brought destructive flooding that washed away houses and brought down trees onto streets and buildings . the emergency services have been slammed with 13,000 calls for help due to flooding and have carried out 144 rescue tasks . the powerful storm has already claimed four lives , according to new south wales police . the dangerous conditions have prompted the police department to issue pleas on social media for people to not attempt driving through flooded areas . the heavy flooding prompted school and college closures and disruptions to public transportation . the adverse weather was caused by an intense low pressure system , said australia 's bureau of meteorology . the strongest wind gusts peaked at 135 km/h ( 85 mph ) and it was estimated that about 200 millimeters ( 7.87 inches ) of rainfall fell in the area on tuesday . transport nsw , which provides public transportation throughout the new south wales area , issued a warning that many public services across the region have been disrupted because of the weather . it also posted a video on its facebook page showing cctv footage of a flood waters rising in a train station . samantha mancuso was driving in her neighborhood of liverpool , a suburb in sydney on wednesday , when she noticed gallons of water pouring into the streets . she said joe broad reserve , a nearby park , was flooded . the severe weather caused a local creek to break its banks and now the flooding is seeping into the neighborhood . water levels at the park reached 2.6 meters ( 8.5 feet ) earlier in the morning , but have slightly receded , she said .