( cnn ) it took more than seven decades , but england finally got its delivery of tons of silver coins . for most of those years , the money was deep at the bottom of the atlantic , the monetary casualty of a cruel world war ii sinking . in november 1942 , the unguarded ss city of cairo was sunk by a german u-boat while carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver . the vessel sunk to more than 16,800 feet under the surface ( 5,150 meters ) where it went undiscovered until 2011 when deep ocean search decided to go looking for it . the sinking was the stuff of legend . the city of cairo was bringing silver rupees from india to england as part of the war effort . after a stop in brazil , two torpedos sank the ship in the atlantic . after the ship went under , the u-boat reportedly surfaced and the captain said to the survivors in lifeboats : `` goodnight , sorry for sinking you . '' the captain 's lament is the title of a book about the event . only a handful of people died as the ship sank but about 100 more passed away during the desperate attempt of the six boats to make it to land , which was hundreds of miles away . when the last of the lifeboats was found 51 days later , all but two people in it had died . deep ocean search said in a news release that during the 2011 search it located an unnatural object on radar . a sub found the city of cairo split into two parts , buried by silt . `` under contract to the uk ministry of transport , dos recovered several tens of tons of silver coins from a depth of ( 5,150 meters ) , '' the company said . the depth is a world record , the company claimed . other deep-water operations reported in the media that are close to this depth include the 1987 search for the wreck of a south african airways plane at 16,000 feet ( 4,700 meters ) and the discovery of the ss gairsoppa at about 15,400 feet ( 4,800 meters ) in the north atlantic in 2011 . the bbc reported the city of cairo salvage operation was completed in september 2013 , but the british government made the company keep it secret until this week . the coins were melted and the silver sold , the bbc reported . deep ocean search got a percentage of the sale , and the uk treasury the rest , according to the bbc . at today 's rates , 100 tons of silver would be worth about $ 50 million . remains of uss oklahoma crew to be exhumed at pearl harbor . cnn 's jessica king contributed to this report .