( cnn ) you 'll see him in your mcdreams . on thursday night 's `` grey 's anatomy , '' dr. derek shepherd -- the hunky character played by patrick dempsey -- died . he was n't shot down over the sea of japan , nor did a helicopter fall on his head . instead , he died following a car crash -- after helping victims of another accident . `` derek shepherd is and will always be an incredibly important character -- for meredith ( grey ) , for me and for the fans , '' show creator shonda rhimes said in a statement , according to the hollywood reporter . `` i absolutely never imagined saying goodbye to our ' mcdreamy . ' patrick dempsey 's performance shaped derek in a way that i know we both hope became a meaningful example -- happy , sad , romantic , painful and always true -- of what young women should demand from modern love . his loss will be felt by all . '' intriguingly , dempsey still has a year left on his contract . his character 's death leaves his tv wife , dr. meredith grey ( ellen pompeo ) , as the show 's mainstay as it concludes its 11th season in may . `` it 's been a remarkable ride , '' dempsey told tvline . `` the worldwide impact has been extraordinary . it is incredible how devoted and passionate the fans are , and i will forever be grateful and humbled by the experience . '' `` grey 's '' fans are still in shock . people magazine ran an obituary for the character . # mcdreamyforever was a trending hashtag on twitter . tweets from `` grey 's anatomy 's '' official account were filled with emoji of crying faces and broken hearts , as well as tearful images from the show . some chose to remember the good times , but for others , there was a big sense of betrayal . but the show will very much continue -- not only does it have a few weeks before the 11th season is over , pompeo is also signed through season 12 . the theme of this season , rhimes had said , was grey 's ability to stand on her own . now without her husband -- who was already devoting his life to separate concerns as a presidential aide -- she 'll truly have to do so . `` grey 's anatomy , '' though not the powerhouse it was when it premiered in 2005 , still does well in the ratings . for the week ending april 19 , the most recent available , it was 20th in overall viewers and 12th among the desirable adults 18-49 demographic . and dempsey , who also races cars , is n't going anywhere . he has a development deal with abc studios , `` grey 's '' producers .