tulsa , oklahoma ( cnn ) the tulsa county deputy who shot and killed a man instead of using his taser now faces a manslaughter charge . video shows reserve deputy robert bates announcing he is going to deploy his taser after an undercover weapons sting on april 2 , but then shooting eric courtney harris in the back with a handgun . in a written statement , tulsa county district attorney stephen a. kunzweiler said bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter involving culpable negligence . it 's a felony charge that could land the volunteer deputy in prison for up to four years if he 's found guilty . scott wood , an attorney who represents bates , said the shooting was an `` excusable homicide . '' `` we believe the video itself proves that it was an accident of misfortune that occurred while deputy bates was fulfilling his duties as a reserve deputy , '' wood said . `` he is not guilty of second-degree manslaughter . '' investigators ' efforts to defend bates and the other deputies involved in the arrest have sparked a mounting chorus of criticism online . harris ' family is demanding an independent investigation of what they call unjustified brutality . they 're also questioning why the 73-year-old bates -- the ceo of an insurance company who volunteers as a certified reserve deputy -- was on the scene in such a sensitive and high-risk sting operation . daniel smolen , an attorney representing the harris family , said bates paid big money to play a cop in his spare time . `` it 's absolutely mind boggling that you have a wealthy businessman who 's been essentially deputized to go play like he 's some outlaw , like he 's just cleaning up the streets , '' he said . wood said his client -- who had donated cars and video equipment to the sheriff 's office -- had undergone all the required training and had participated in more than 100 operations with the task force he was working with the day he shot harris . but he 'd never been the main deputy in charge of arresting a suspect , wood said , but was thrust into the situation because harris ran from officers during the arrest . `` probably in the past four of five years since he has been working in conjunction with the task force he has been on , ( there were ) in excess of 100 operations or search warrants where he was placed on the outer perimeter , '' wood said . `` he has never been on an arrest team or been the one who is primarily responsible for the capture or the arrest of a suspect . he is there more in a support mechanism . '' bates , who worked as a police officer for a year in the 1960s , had been a reserve deputy since 2008 , with 300 hours of training and 1,100 hours of community policing experience , according to the sheriff 's office . he was also a frequent contributor to the tulsa county sheriff 's office , including $ 2,500 to the reelection of sheriff stanley glanz . tulsa county sheriff 's maj. shannon clark denied accusations that bates had paid to play a cop , describing him as one of many volunteers in the community who have contributed to the agency . `` no matter how you cut it up , deputy bates met all the criteria on the council on law enforcement education and training to be in the role that he was in , '' clark said . after the shooting , bates told investigators that he was `` in a state of shock and disbelief '' after realizing he 'd fired his gun . he also said he believed there was a `` strong possibility '' that harris had a gun . wood said monday that bates is upset over the shooting . `` obviously he is very upset about what happened . he feels badly , '' he said . `` the incident completely took him by surprise . he has all the requisite training . he is taser-certified , and if you watch the video you know he was quite shocked when his gun went off . '' authorities say bates thought he pulled out his taser but `` inadvertently '' fired his gun . they 've painted harris as a dangerous , possibly pcp-addled illegal gun dealer who had recently sold methamphetamine to undercover police and who fled police that day in such a way as to give the impression that he had a gun in his waistband . though harris was later determined to be unarmed , sgt . jim clark of the tulsa police department , who has been brought in to review the case , excused the behavior of bates and an officer who is heard cursing at harris in the video . clark said bates was the `` victim '' of something called `` slip and capture , '' where in a high-stress situation , a person intends to do one thing and instead does something else . it 's a controversial argument that drew sharp criticism online as soon as police started making it . one expert told cnn the claim amounts to `` junk science . '' `` it 's not something that 's supported by a testable theory . there 's no peer-reviewed articles that would support this . ... it 's not generally accepted by the scientific community , '' said phil stinson , an assistant professor of criminal justice at bowling green state university . `` so it 's something that in most courts would not be admissible as evidence . '' andre harris told reporters monday that claims his brother was violent and on pcp are false . `` he was nonviolent , he was peaceful , he was loving , he was caring , and he was my brother that i 'll never see again 'til i see him in heaven , '' harris told reporters , accusing the sheriff 's office of trying to persuade him not to hire an attorney and quickly make the case `` go away . '' he added that the shooting of his brother , who was african-american , was n't a racial matter . `` i do n't think this is a racial thing . i do n't think this has anything to do with race . it might have a hint there somewhere . ... this is simply evil , '' andre harris told reporters monday . `` this is a group of people that 's spent a lot of time together , spent money together . ... they 've gotten real comfortable with how they do things , which when you 're the law , i guess you feel like you can do things and get away with it and not get exposed . `` well , we 've come to expose it . we 've come to pull a mask off the evil . we 've come to shine a light on the darkness . '' cnn 's ed lavandera and jason morris reported from tulsa . cnn 's catherine e. shoichet reported from atlanta . cnn 's atika shubert , chandler friedman and eliott c. mclaughlin contributed to this report .