( cnn ) from banking to hospitality and real estate to e-commerce , ashish thakkar built his vast business empire from scratch . the ugandan tycoon started small with a little computer shop that kept him busy after leaving school at 15 . these days , his mara group spans over 20 countries and he 's been called `` africa 's youngest billionaire . '' in late 2013 thakkar joined forces with the former boss of barclays bank -- bob diamond -- to start an investment fund focused on africa called atlas mara . the powerful duo raised $ 325 million through a share flotation - well above the $ 250 million target . but his vision spans beyond africa , and earth -- thakkar was the first african to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space with richard branson 's company , virgin galactic . cnn 's marketplace africa spoke to thakkar about african innovation , entrepreneurship and collaboration . an edited version of the interview follows . cnn : you are active in several african countries . how is the current business landscape on the continent ? ashish thakkar : right now in the last 18 years i have been active on the continent , i have never seen so much global excitement around africa that i 've seen today . the climate and the ease of doing business on the continent has drastically improved . unfortunately , it 's one of those cases where perception is so different from reality . the reality on the ground is so much better than the perception . you 've got to remember , as africa , we are 54 countries . some of the countries may be challenging and may have issues , but that can not be an excuse to generalize the entire continent which is unfortunately something that happens quite a bit . cnn : why do you think that entrepreneurs are so important to the future growth of the african continent ? at : we have a very young demographic -- 85 % of our populations are under the age of 35 . we have an extremely entrepreneurial society and culture . yet , entrepreneurship is not in the education system . where do our entrepreneurs go for advice and the right guidance ? and it 's something , frankly , that i am extremely passionate about , because the answer to unemployment is not foreign direct investment or large scale manufacturing plants , etc . it 's going to be nurturing small and medium enterprises . so , it 's great to see that there is a real entrepreneurial vibe coming into the system , and innovation is totally embedded into that . cnn : what is it about africa that encourages innovation ? at : the biggest advantage we have at the moment , and you 've seen this with mobile phone penetration , is that we do n't have legacy systems . we did n't have landlines and we did n't need them . we did n't have to go through that hassle of creating landlines everywhere . we leapfrogged straight into mobile telephony . today , we have over 750 million phones on the continent -- more than north america and western europe put together . we can actually leapfrog in so many different ways . mobile money is another brilliant example . mobile money was created in kenya . the whole concept of having money on your phone , which is the best thing because it 's secure , it 's practical , made more sense . so , these kind of innovations , you 're going to see a lot more of on the continent . i spend a lot of time with young entrepreneurs when i travel across the continent , and just seeing the kind of innovation and new ideas and concepts that they 're coming up with is just so inspiring . cnn : what advice would you give to a young entrepreneur who 's just starting out ? at : entrepreneurship is a journey , it 's not a destination . there are going to be so many challenges , you are going to get knocked down so many times , but you 've got to get up , dust yourself off and get back to it . the persistence , the passion , and staying on course is very crucial . you 'll be tempted to cut corners , you 'll be tempted to do things that get you there quicker , but it never lasts . people say the youth are the leaders of tomorrow - we 're not . we 're the leaders of today , but it 's our responsibility to take the seat at the table . cnn : what needs to be done most urgently to grow african economies ? at : pan-african collaboration is extremely important . i think things like regional integration , inter-african trade does need to increase and is increasing . i mean , the progress in the east african community has been amazing . the manner in which they 've harmonized so many different laws and policies and mindset and priorities within that region has been fantastic . so , we need to see more of that take place on the continent . the fact that we 're 54 countries , yet we 're a billion people is an advantage and a disadvantage . i think to strengthen our weakness in that collaboration across the continent is crucial . cnn : are you confident about the future of the continent ? at : i am so bullish and so proud of how the continent has evolved in terms of leadership , the mindset of our leaders . it is so inspiring to see that . it 's unfortunate that , you know , globally the highlight remains things like ebola ... the little issues that we do have are just magnified , yet on the broad scale we are doing so amazing . cnn : is this africa 's century ? at : mara 's logo is the african lion and our little joke , which a lot of people do n't appreciate , hence i love it even more , is that the indian tiger and the chinese dragon have had their days and it 's now the african lion 's turn . and it genuinely is -- this is our turn . more from marketplace africa . read this : africa 's green lean speed machines . read this : family ties mixed with fresh fruit on island paradise . editor 's note : cnn marketplace africa covers the macro trends impacting the region and also focuses on the continent 's key industries and corporations .