( cnn ) residents of central sanaa , the yemeni capital , have learned the hard way that key strategic bombing targets are located in their neighborhoods : detonating ordnance has been shattering their windows and doors . and fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks . the saudi-led coalition smashed parts of yemen 's defense ministry central command in the capital over the weekend , senior yemeni officials said . under the rain of coalition bombs , the houthis , who are shiites in a majority sunni country , still control sanaa . but the airstrikes have hurt them and destroyed a lot of infrastructure . the electricity has gone out on 16 million yemenis living in houthi-held areas , the yemeni officials said . many fear they will lose access to clean water as well . yemen 's deposed president abdu rabu mansour hadi heaped scorn on top of the airstrikes . he fired his former army chief of staff , hussein khairan , on sunday . the firing had no practical effect , since khairan had switched sides weeks ago and is the houthi rebels ' acting defense minister . hadi is holed up in saudi arabia , which is working to defeat his enemies and reinstall him . fighting has ended dozens of lives each day . on monday , more than 50 people died in the port city of aden alone , where houthis and their allies are battling troops loyal to hadi on the ground , agence france-press reported . since the bombing campaign and intense fighting began just over a week ago , some 600 people are estimated to have been killed . many more have been wounded , and tens of thousands have fled the country . the international committee of the red cross has cried out for a humanitarian ceasefire to let aid in . `` otherwise , put starkly , many more people will die . for the wounded , their chances of survival depend on action within hours , not days , '' said robert mardini , the icrc 's head of operations in the near and middle east . `` medical supplies need to be here yesterday , '' said icrc spokeswoman marie-claire feghali from sanaa . `` we need to save the lives that can be saved . '' saudi arabia signed off on letting the icrc into yemen via two aircraft -- one with medical supplies , the other with workers . but flying in will be hard , since most airlines have canceled their flights , and airstrikes have taken out many airfields . on monday , the flight loaded with 48 tons of medical supplies was grounded in djibouti , feghali said . the icrc is hoping to fly out in a day or two . following the icrc 's call , on saturday the u.n. security council discussed the humanitarian situation at russia 's behest . moscow submitted a draft resolution calling for a halt to the airstrikes by the nine-country regional coalition . the meeting adjourned with no decision announced . one diplomat said the draft was missing key elements . it did n't call for the houthis to stop fighting or for political talks between the belligerents , the diplomat told cnn on condition of anonymity . yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since houthi rebels -- who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority sunni country -- forced hadi from power . the houthis put hadi under house arrest when they overtook sanaa in january . but hadi escaped in february , fled to aden and declared himself to still be president . houthis and their allies , including those loyal to hadi 's predecessor , then fought hadi 's forces in the aden area . hadi fled aden in late march , ultimately for saudi arabia , when the rebels and their military allies advanced on the city . the conflict prompted saudi arabia , a predominately sunni nation and yemen 's northern neighbor , and other arab nations to intervene with force . the houthis are allied with iran , saudi arabia 's bitter rival across the persian gulf , and riyadh does not want an proxy of iran in power on its border . complicating matters in yemen is the fact that al qaeda in the arabian peninsula -- not the houthis or the forces loyal to hadi -- holds sway in the country 's east . aqap is considered one of the most ruthless branches of the terrorist organization . it has taken advantage of the chaos to overrun one city and break prisoners out of jail . hadi 's government had cooperated with the united states to fight aqap , but with the houthi takeover , that arrangement has evaporated , and the terror group operates generally unchecked .