( cnn ) . i see signs of a revolution everywhere . i see it in the op-ed pages of the newspapers , and on the state ballots in nearly half the country . i see it in politicians who once preferred to play it safe with this explosive issue but are now willing to stake their political futures on it . i see the revolution in the eyes of sterling scientists , previously reluctant to dip a toe into this heavily stigmatized world , who are diving in head first . i see it in the new surgeon general who cites data showing just how helpful it can be . i see a revolution in the attitudes of everyday americans . for the first time a majority , 53 % , favor its legalization , with 77 % supporting it for medical purposes . support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years alone . in 1969 , the first time pew asked the question about legalization , only 12 % of the nation was in favor . i see a revolution that is burning white hot among young people , but also shows up among the parents and grandparents in my kids ' school . a police officer i met in michigan is part of the revolution , as are the editors of the medical journal , neurosurgery . i see it in the faces of good parents , uprooting their lives to get medicine for their children -- and in the children themselves , such as charlotte , who went from having 300 seizures a week to just one or two a month . we know it wo n't consistently have such dramatic results ( or any impact at all ) in others , but what medicine does ? i see this medical marijuana revolution in surprising places . girl 's seizures spur medical marijuana legislation in georgia . among my colleagues , my patients and my friends . i have even seen the revolution in my own family . a few years ago , when i told my mother i was investigating the topic for a documentary , i was met with a long pause . `` marijuana ... ? '' she whispered in a half questioning , half disapproving tone . she could barely even say the word and her response filled me with self-doubt . even as a grown man , mom can still make my cheeks turn red and shatter my confidence with a single word . but just last week she suddenly stopped mid-conversation and said , `` i am proud of you on the whole marijuana thing . '' i waited for the other shoe to drop , but it did n't . instead , she added , `` you probably helped a lot of people who were suffering . '' i do n't think we had ever had a conversation like that one . at that moment , i saw a revolution that can bring you to tears . the word revolution , comes from the latin revolutio , to `` turn around . '' i had my own turn around a couple of years ago , and at the time it was a lonely place to hold a supportive position on medical marijuana . hardly any government officials would agree to sit down and be interviewed on the topic . even patients i spoke to were reluctant to share their stories . it can be tricky , i learned , to be on the right side of science but on the wrong side of ideology . when we put the first `` weed '' documentary on television in august 2013 , i did n't know if anyone would watch our yearlong investigation . even worse , i did n't even know if they would care . is weed legal in your state ? just two years later , in `` weed 3 , '' we are eyewitnesses to a revolution in full swing . you will ride along with us for the dawn of the first federally approved clinical study on the use of marijuana for ptsd . you will meet patients such as sean kiernan , an accomplished investment banker , and amelia taylor , a stay-at-home mom . they are the remarkable and surprising faces of this revolution -- smart , successful and suffering -- unwilling to accept the fact that commonly prescribed medications often used to treat ptsd can be worse than the underlying disorder itself . sean kiernan nearly died , trying to get better . you will see what weed really does to your brain , in crystal clear images . this time around , you will hear from the heads of government agencies earnestly sharing their point of view , both democratic and republican senators , and even the president of the united states . this is what a revolution looks like . your medical marijuana questions answered . when `` weed 2 : cannabis madness '' aired in march 2014 , boston researcher rick doblin believed the right people were watching . just four days later , doblin received a letter in the mail he had been waiting on for seven years that finally provided federal approval for his marijuana study . the federal farm where doblin would have to obtain his marijuana is on the campus of ole miss in oxford , mississippi . in anticipation of a scientific revolution , the production of research-grade marijuana there has increased 30-fold in just the past year . make no mistake , we have plenty of evidence that the approval and support of the federal government can fast track a revolution at a faster pace than we have yet seen . it was the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases that spearheaded the research into a cure for aids , as well as stopping the spread of west nile virus . they were also responsible for the awesome task of eradicating polio and smallpox . other successful federally backed programs include the human genome project , the brain initiative and the precision medicine initiative . there are no shortage of examples where the federal government has been a guardian of our public health needs , and you could argue that medical marijuana would also qualify as a worthwhile investment . 10 diseases where medical marijuana could have impact . there is now promising research into the use of marijuana that could impact tens of thousands of children and adults , including treatment for cancer , epilepsy and alzheimer 's , to name a few . with regard to pain alone , marijuana could greatly reduce the demand for narcotics and simultaneously decrease the number of accidental painkiller overdoses , which are the greatest cause of preventable death in this country . as i sat across from sens . kirsten gillibrand ( d-new york ) and cory booker ( d-new jersey ) , i knew something extraordinary was happening . they were reciting the story of charlotte figi and countless other children . they were quoting back the data we had shared from our earlier investigations . they were extolling the potential virtues of the plant , and all of that was before the interview even started . there was an impatience about them , and they seemed in a hurry to make a large dent in marijuana reform . they want marijuana to be rescheduled . they want it now . they want doctors to be able to prescribe it at va hospitals all over the country . they want it now . they want research dollars freed up to study the plant . they want it now . they want their fellow lawmakers at the state and national level to acknowledge what most of the world , including the citizens of the united states , have known for a long time : marijuana is a medicine , that should be studied and treated like any other medicine . and they want all of it now . i spent much of our interview challenging them . i needed to remind them that people , long before me or them , have been trying to do many of these same things for 40 years , and had been rejected every time . i reminded them that politicians have a hard time winning elections on the issue of marijuana but less difficulty losing them . i challenged them every step of the way . `` this time will be different , '' booker confidently told me as he walked out of the room . is marijuana as safe as -- or safer than -- alcohol ? i know how easy it is do nothing because i did nothing for too long . take a good look at the data , educate yourself and talk to the patients , who are often out of options and find their hope in the form of a simple plant . journalists should n't take a position . it makes sense . objectivity is king . but , at some point , open questions do get answered . at some point , contentious issues do get resolved . at some point , common sense prevails . so , here it is : we should legalize medical marijuana . we should do it nationally . and , we should do it now . 9 things to know about legal pot .