( cnn ) korea 's buddae-jjigae -- or `` army stew '' as it 's often called -- dates back to the scarce years of the korean war when local cooks had to get inventive with u.s. army rations . while jiigae can refer to any variety of stews , this particular version just happens to feature a variety of canned , precooked meat , most notably spam in all its glazed and gelatinous glory . `` it 's , in fact , a classic example of necessity being the mother of deliciousness , '' anthony bourdain says of the dish during the premiere episode of `` parts unknown '' on sunday , april 26 , at 9 p.m. et/pt . the host of cnn 's `` parts unknown '' recently stopped by anderson cooper 's kitchen to cook up the spicy and funky stew , and talk about his 24 intoxicating hours in the country 's capital of seoul . so , it 's probably a good thing budda-jiigae is also a storied hangover cure . budae-jjigae . ( serves 2-4 ) courtesy of choi ji-hwang . ingredients : 1 12-oz can of spam , cut into ½-inch slices . 1½ cups tong baechu kimchi , or traditional fermented cabbage ( can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or korean specialty store ) . 8 oz . sliced korean rice cakes ( can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or korean specialty store ) . 1 white onion , thinly sliced . 2 spring onions , thinly sliced . 5 garlic cloves , crushed . 3 hot dogs , thinly sliced . 8 oz . ground pork . 3 tablespoons soy sauce . 2 tablespoons gochujang , or hot pepper paste ( can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or korean specialty store ) . 3 tablespoons gochukaru , or hot pepper flakes ( can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or korean specialty store ) . 3 tablespoons cheongju , or a clear rice wine similar to sake . 3 cups anchovy kelp broth ( recipe below ) . 3 tablespoons baked beans . 1½ cups water . 1 package ramen noodles ( just the noodles ) . for the anchovy kelp broth : 1 dried shiitake mushroom . 4 large dried anchovies , heads and guts removed , wrapped in cheesecloth . 1 5x3 '' sheet of dried , edible kelp or kombu ( can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or korean specialty store ) . 4 cups water . ½ teaspoon salt . cooking instructions : 1 . place the ingredients for the anchovy broth in a pot and simmer for 20-30 minutes until the flavors are fully infused . strain and set aside . 2 . place the spam , kimchi , rice cakes , onions , garlic , hot dogs and ground pork in small separate piles in the bottom of a shallow pot . 3 . add the soy , gochujang , gochukaru and cheongju to the pot and slowly pour the anchovy kelp broth in . put the baked beans on top and add the water . place pot over high heat and bring contents to a steady simmer . 4 . cook for 5-10 minutes , then add the ramen noodles . ladle broth over the noodles to help them break apart . continue to cook for 2-3 minutes until noodles are just about cooked through , but definitely still chewy . serve with steamed rice or enjoy on its own .