( cnn ) whether a patient is in the hospital for an organ transplant , an appendectomy or to have a baby , one complaint is common : the gown . you know the one . it might as well have been stitched together with paper towels and duct tape , and it usually leaves the wearer 's behind hanging out . `` you 're at the hospital because something 's wrong with you -- you 're vulnerable -- then you get to wear the most vulnerable garment ever invented to make the whole experience that much worse , '' said ted streuli , who lives in edmond , okla. , and has had to wear hospital gowns on multiple occasions . put another way : `` they are horrible . they are demeaning . they are belittling . they are disempowering , '' said camilla mcrory of olney , md . hospital gowns have gotten a face-lift after some help from fashion designers like these from patient style and the henry ford innovation institute . the gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital . but if efforts by some health systems are an indicator , the design may be on its way out of style . the cleveland clinic was an early trendsetter . in 2010 , it introduced new gowns after being prompted by the ceo , who often heard patient complaints when he was a practicing heart surgeon . that feedback led to a search for something new , said adrienne boissy , chief experience officer at the hospital system . the prominent academic medical center ultimately sought the help of fashion icon diane von furstenberg , settling on a reversible gown with a front and back v-neck , complete derriere coverage , and features such as pockets , softer fabric and a new bolder print pattern . patients `` loved the gowns , '' boissy said . `` people felt much more comfortable in the new design , not just physically but emotionally . '' in recent years , she added , `` hospitals are looking at everything they do and trying to evaluate whether or not it contributes to enhancing the patient experience . '' it 's all part of a trend among hospitals to improve the patient reviews and their own bottom lines -- fueled in part by the health law 's focus on quality of care and other federal initiatives . the centers for medicare & medicaid services increasingly factors patients ' satisfaction into its quality measures , which are linked to the size of medicare payments hospitals get . sometimes the efforts involve large capital improvement projects . but they can also mean making waiting rooms more comfortable , improving the quality of food served to patients or , as in this case , updating hospital gowns . ultimately , this focus leads to `` a better patient experience , '' said john combes , senior vice president of the american hospital association . the detroit-based henry ford health system is in the process of updating its gowns , an initiative that began when the system 's innovation institute challenged students at the city 's college for creative studies to identify and offer a solution to one hospital problem . the students responded with the suggestion to redo the garment that has often been described by patients as flimsy , humiliating , indecent and itchy . the process took three years , but last fall , the institute unveiled a new and improved version . it 's made of warmer fabric -- a cotton blend -- that wraps around a patient 's body like a robe and comes in navy and light blue , the hospital 's signature colors . patient expectations are part of the calculus . they `` are demanding more privacy and more dignity , '' said michael forbes , a product designer at the henry ford innovation institute . when the institute tested his gown design , forbes said , patient-satisfaction scores noticeably increased in a few days . the new gown `` was emblematic ... of an attitude that was conveyed to me at the hospital -- that they cared about me as a whole human being , not just the part they were operating on , '' said dale milford , who received a liver transplant during the time the redesign was being tested . `` that was the subtext of that whole thing , was that they were caring about me as a person and what it meant for me to be comfortable . '' but replacing the traditional design is no easy task . what patients wear needs to be comfortable yet allow health professionals proper access during exams , meaning it must open and close easily . the gowns also need to be easily mass-manufactured , as well as efficiently laundered and reused . new designs , though , can be expensive . after valley hospital of ridgewood , n.j. , switched to pajamas and gowns that provide extra coverage , costs went up $ 70,000 per year , said leonard guglielmo , the facility 's chief supply chain officer , because the new garments cost more to buy and maintain . beyond cost , more ingrained cultural expectations might also play a role in what hospitals think patients should wear , said todd lee , an assistant professor of medicine at mcgill university , who co-authored a 2014 study in the journal jama internal medicine , examining whether gowns were important and whether patients might be fine wearing their own or hospital-provided pants , instead of or along with gowns . often , doctors reported that pants or undergarments beneath gowns would have been okay , but patients said they were never given those options . traditional gowns make it easier to examine patients quickly , and several doctors lee spoke to seemed shocked at the idea that patients might wear garments other than the open-backed gown during their stay . but the most common challenge is n't necessarily doctor expectations or costs . it 's navigating hospital bureaucracies , said dusty eber , president of the california-based company patientstyle , which designs and sells alternative gowns . in his company 's experience , hospital decisions are often made by committees , not individuals . `` there 's a lot of bureaucratic runaround , '' eber said . kaiser health news ( khn ) is a nonprofit national health policy news service .