( cnn ) georgia southern university was in mourning thursday after five nursing students were killed the day before in a multivehicle wreck near savannah . caitlyn baggett , morgan bass , emily clark , abbie deloach and catherine ( mckay ) pittman -- all juniors -- were killed in the wednesday morning crash as they were traveling to a hospital in savannah , according to the school website . fellow nursing students brittney mcdaniel and megan richards were injured as was another person , who was not identified by the georgia state patrol . the young women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations . `` today should have been a day of celebration for this bright group of students , '' at st. joseph's/candler hospital said in a facebook posting . `` it was their last day of clinical rotations ... in their first year of nursing school . '' clinicals include hands-on instruction at a health care facility . a post commander for the georgia state patrol said a tractor-trailer smashed into an eastbound line of cars that had slowed for a prior accident on interstate 16 . `` he came along from behind them and he just did not stop for those cars , '' sgt . chris nease said . there were four passenger vehicles and three tractor-trailers involved in the 5:45 a.m. accident . the women who were killed were in two cars , a toyota corolla and a ford escape . one of their vehicles caught on fire , nease said , but it will take an investigation to determine whether the women died on impact . cnn savannah affiliate wtoc reported one witness tried to help . `` right about the time i got here , the car was just about catching on fire , '' cayne monroe told the station . `` the car just burned up really quickly . and i run up there , but there was nothing anyone could do . i 've never witnessed something like that in my life . it was pretty tragic . '' the state patrol said the truck driver is from louisiana . the 55-year-old man had not been charged as of thursday evening , nease told cnn . `` every one of our students contributes in no small measure to the eagle nation , '' university president brooks a . keel said in a statement . `` the loss of any student , especially in a tragic way , is particularly painful . losing five students is almost incomprehensible . '' georgia southern flew flags at half-staff and counseling was offered to students . a campuswide vigil was held thursday night . on the university 's twitter page , a tear was added to the profile logo of the eagle mascot . the school has a student body of about 20,000 and is in statesboro , about 60 miles from savannah . `` you could tell that they really loved what they did , '' sherry danello , vice president of patient care services and chief nursing officer at st. joseph's/candler , said on the hospital 's facebook posting . `` they did n't just go through the task , they really connected to the patients . '' luke bryan , a country music star and school alumnus , tweeted his condolences : `` praying for everyone at georgia southern and the families who lost loved ones . '' cnn 's matthew stucker contributed to this report .