( cnn ) james holmes made his introduction to the world in a colorado cinema filled with spectators watching a midnight showing of the new batman movie , `` the dark knight rises , '' in june 2012 . the moment became one of the deadliest shootings in u.s. history . holmes is accused of opening fire on the crowd , killing 12 people and injuring or maiming 70 others in aurora , a suburb of denver . holmes appeared like a comic book character : he resembled the joker , with red-orange hair , similar to the late actor heath ledger 's portrayal of the villain in an earlier batman movie , authorities said . but holmes was hardly a cartoon . authorities said he wore body armor and carried several guns , including an ar-15 rifle , with lots of ammo . he also wore a gas mask . holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings , and that is his legal defense and court plea : not guilty by reason of insanity . prosecutors are n't swayed and will seek the death penalty . opening statements in his trial are scheduled to begin monday . holmes admits to the shootings but says he was suffering `` a psychotic episode '' at the time , according to court papers filed in july 2013 by the state public defenders , daniel king and tamara a. brady . evidence `` revealed thus far in the case supports the defense 's position that mr. holmes suffers from a severe mental illness and was in the throes of a psychotic episode when he committed the acts that resulted in the tragic loss of life and injuries sustained by moviegoers on july 20 , 2012 , '' the public defenders wrote . holmes no longer looks like a dazed joker , as he did in his first appearance before a judge in 2012 . he appeared dramatically different in january when jury selection began for his trial : 9,000 potential jurors were summoned for duty , described as one of the nation 's largest jury calls . holmes now has a cleaner look , with a mustache , button-down shirt and khaki pants . in january , he had a beard and eyeglasses . if this new image sounds like one of an academician , it may be because holmes , now 27 , once was one . just before the shooting , holmes was a doctoral student in neuroscience , and he was studying how the brain works , with his schooling funded by a u.s. government grant . yet for all his learning , holmes apparently lacked the capacity to command his own mind , according to the case against him . a jury will ultimately decide holmes ' fate . that panel is made up of 12 jurors and 12 alternates . they are 19 women and five men , and almost all are white and middle-aged . the trial could last until autumn . when jury summonses were issued in january , each potential juror stood a 0.2 % chance of being selected , district attorney george brauchler told the final jury this month . he described the approaching trial as `` four to five months of a horrible roller coaster through the worst haunted house you can imagine . '' the jury will have to render verdicts on each of the 165 counts against holmes , including murder and attempted murder charges . meanwhile , victims and their relatives are challenging all media outlets `` to stop the gratuitous use of the name and likeness of mass killers , thereby depriving violent individuals the media celebrity and media spotlight they so crave , '' the no notoriety group says . they are joined by victims from eight other mass shootings in recent u.s. history . raised in central coastal california and in san diego , james eagan holmes is the son of a mathematician father noted for his work at the fico firm that provides credit scores and a registered nurse mother , according to the u-t san diego newspaper . holmes also has a sister , chris , a musician , who 's five years younger , the newspaper said . his childhood classmates remember him as a clean-cut , bespectacled boy with an `` exemplary '' character who `` never gave any trouble , and never got in trouble himself , '' the salinas californian reported . his family then moved down the california coast , where holmes grew up in the san diego-area neighborhood of rancho peñasquitos , which a neighbor described as `` kind of like mayberry , '' the san diego newspaper said . holmes attended westview high school , which says its school district sits in `` a primarily middle- to upper-middle-income residential community . '' there , holmes ran cross-country , played soccer and later worked at a biotechnology internship at the salk institute and miramar college , which attracts academically talented students . by then , his peers described him as standoffish and a bit of a wiseacre , the san diego newspaper said . holmes attended college fairly close to home , in a neighboring area known as southern california 's `` inland empire '' because it 's more than an hour 's drive from the coast , in a warm , low-desert climate . he entered the university of california , riverside , in 2006 as a scholarship student . in 2008 he was a summer camp counselor for disadvantaged children , age 7 to 14 , at camp max straus , run by jewish big brothers big sisters of los angeles . he graduated from uc riverside in 2010 with the highest honors and a bachelor 's degree in neuroscience . `` academically , he was at the top of the top , '' chancellor timothy p. white said . he seemed destined for even higher achievement . by 2011 , he had enrolled as a doctoral student in the neuroscience program at the university of colorado anschutz medical campus in aurora , the largest academic health center in the rocky mountain region . the doctoral in neuroscience program attended by holmes focuses on how the brain works , with an emphasis on processing of information , behavior , learning and memory . holmes was one of six pre-thesis ph.d. students in the program who were awarded a neuroscience training grant from the national institutes of health . the grant rewards outstanding neuroscientists who will make major contributions to neurobiology . a syllabus that listed holmes as a student at the medical school shows he was to have delivered a presentation about microrna biomarkers . but holmes struggled , and his own mental health took an ominous turn . in march 2012 , he told a classmate he wanted to kill people , and that he would do so `` when his life was over , '' court documents said . holmes was `` denied access to the school after june 12 , 2012 , after he made threats to a professor , '' according to court documents . about that time , holmes was a patient of university of colorado psychiatrist lynne fenton . fenton was so concerned about holmes ' behavior that she mentioned it to her colleagues , saying he could be a danger to others , cnn affiliate kmgh-tv reported , citing sources with knowledge of the investigation . fenton 's concerns surfaced in early june , sources told the denver station . holmes began to fantasize about killing `` a lot of people '' in early june , nearly six weeks before the shootings , the station reported , citing unidentified sources familiar with the investigation . holmes ' psychiatrist contacted several members of a `` behavioral evaluation and threat assessment '' team to say holmes could be a danger to others , the station reported . at issue was whether to order holmes held for 72 hours to be evaluated by mental health professionals , the station reported . `` fenton made initial phone calls about engaging the beta team '' in `` the first 10 days '' of june , but it `` never came together '' because in the period fenton was having conversations with team members , holmes began the process of dropping out of school , a source told kmgh . defense attorneys have rejected the prosecution 's assertions that holmes was barred from campus . citing statements from the university , holmes ' attorneys have argued that his access was revoked because that 's normal procedure when a student drops enrollment . what caused this turn for the worse for holmes has yet to be clearly detailed . in the months before the shooting , he bought four weapons and more than 6,000 rounds of ammunition , authorities said . police said he also booby-trapped his third-floor apartment with explosives , but police were n't fooled . after holmes was caught in the cinema parking lot immediately after the shooting , bomb technicians went to the apartment and neutralized the explosives . no one was injured at the apartment building . nine minutes before holmes went into the movie theater , he called a university of colorado switchboard , public defender brady has said in court . the number he called can be used to get in contact with faculty members during off hours , brady said . court documents have also revealed that investigators have obtained text messages that holmes exchanged with someone before the shooting . that person was not named , and the content of the texts has not been made public . according to the new york times , holmes sent a text message to a fellow graduate student , a woman , about two weeks before the shooting . she asked if he had left aurora yet , reported the newspaper , which did n't identify her . no , he had two months left on his lease , holmes wrote back , according to the times . he asked if she had heard of `` dysphoric mania , '' a form of bipolar disorder marked by the highs of mania and the dark and sometimes paranoid delusions of major depression . the woman asked if the disorder could be managed with treatment . `` it was , '' holmes wrote her , according to the times . but he warned she should stay away from him `` because i am bad news , '' the newspaper reported . it was her last contact with holmes . after the shooting , holmes ' family issued a brief statement : `` our hearts go out to those who were involved in this tragedy and to the families and friends of those involved , '' they said , without giving any information about their son . since then , prosecutors have refused to offer a plea deal to holmes . for holmes , `` justice is death , '' said brauchler , the district attorney . in december , holmes ' parents , who will be attending the trial , issued another statement : they asked that their son 's life be spared and that he be sent to an institution for mentally ill people for the rest of his life , if he 's found not guilty by reason of insanity . `` he is not a monster , '' robert and arlene holmes wrote , saying the death penalty is `` morally wrong , especially when the condemned is mentally ill . '' `` he is a human being gripped by a severe mental illness , '' the parents said . the matter will be settled by the jury . cnn 's ana cabrera and sara weisfeldt contributed to this report from denver .