( cnn ) slamming world powers ' framework nuclear deal with iran , israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu on friday demanded that any final deal include a `` clear and unambiguous iranian recognition of israel 's right to exist . '' netanyahu has been perhaps the most vocal critic of nuclear talks with iran , insisting again and again it ca n't be trusted . he took his case to the u.s. congress last month , at a time before negotiators had hammered out any sort of agreement , over the objections of president barack obama . there 's never been any dispute about his take , but the prime minister has sharpened his rhetoric in recent days , saying the deal increases the risk of a `` horrific war . '' iranian president : we will stick to our promises on nuclear deal . netanyahu has lobbied hard for a deal that dismantles and disassembles iran 's nuclear infrastructure -- rather than limiting its usage or repurposing iran 's facilities -- but such stipulations were not part of the framework agreement . he has also called for the removal of sanctions to be tied to the reduction of what he characterizes as iran 's aggression in the region , not just its moves on its nuclear program . in the absence of both elements , netanyahu is calling the emerging deal a historic mistake . after an emergency cabinet meeting friday afternoon hours before the jewish holiday of passover , netanyahu said the agreement `` would pose a grave danger to the region and to the world and would threaten the very survival of the state of israel . '' `` ... i want to make clear to all : the survival of israel is non-negotiable , '' netanyahu said . `` israel will not accept an agreement which allows a country that vows to annihilate us to develop nuclear weapons , period . '' obama called netanyahu after thursday 's announcement of the framework agreement to reassure him that israel 's security will remain a prime concern in the ensuing negotiations and the final deal , which faces a june 30 deadline . `` there is no daylight when it comes to our support for israel 's security , '' obama said , reaffirming the american commitment to israel 's security . but netanyahu said he is n't convinced israel is safe from iran . `` just two days ago , iran said that ' the destruction of israel is non-negotiable . ' and in these fateful days iran is accelerating the arming of its terror proxies to attack israel . '' the israeli leader added that `` this deal would legitimize iran 's nuclear program , bolster iran 's economy and increase iran 's aggression and terror throughout the middle east and beyond . ''