( cnn ) anthony ray hinton is 58 years old . but in many ways , he is new to the world -- at least the one we know . little things like using a fork , going out at night , tucking into bed without anyone checking on you ; they 're all strange for someone like hinton who spent nearly 30 years on alabama 's death row . until one week ago , when his murder convictions were wiped clean , and hinton walked out of a county jail in birmingham . `` i have to pinch myself to tell myself that i 'm free , '' he told cnn 's brooke baldwin on friday . `` it 's going to take a little time , but i 'll get used to it . '' hinton had to get used to much worse . for 30 years , he spent most of his time locked in a 5-by-7 cell . there was no going outside at night . the only permissible eating utensil was a plastic spoon . and life in the outside world passed him by : hinton said his hardest day came in 2002 , when he learned his mother had died . hinton was convicted of killing two men -- birmingham-area fast-food restaurant managers john davidson and thomas wayne vason -- but he always said he was innocent . alabama inmate freed after 30 years on death row . the state decided to dismiss the charges against him after a new trial was ordered in 2014 when firearms experts testified that the revolver hinton was said to have used could not be matched to other evidence in the case . the two killings also could n't be linked to each other . talking friday to cnn , jefferson county district attorney brandon falls said the evidence simply was n't there to retry the case . falls pointed out that analysts testified that the ballistics evidence was `` inconclusive '' as to whether the bullets came from the gun in question . the victim of a similar crime did identify hinton as her attacker , but that victim and a witness to that incident have since died , falls said . when asked if hinton 's ordeal was an injustice , because the evidence about guns that helped convict hinton should have been ruled inconclusive in 1985 , falls said , `` it appears it was . '' the last time hinton was free , ronald reagan was president , `` back to the future '' ruled the box office , and a first-class stamp cost 22 cents . he did n't get to see firsthand how the world changed in the decades since . his life was defined by a preordained routine : when to eat , when to leave his cell , when to sleep . hinton did n't even see the moon and stars , really , for all these years . did he ever want to give up ? `` i did n't come too close to a breaking point , '' hinton said . `` but i would be lying to you if i did n't tell you that satan did n't tell me to kill myself . ... i would immediately tell satan to get ... behind me . '' what got him through all those tough times , he said , was his sense of humor . `` i had no choice , '' hinton said of his ability to laugh and make others do the same . `` it was something that i was born with , but i never thought that it would come in handy that i would have to use it . `` being on death row , we had to use ( humor ) every day . at least i did . '' `` death row stories '' : hard questions about the u.s. capital punishment system .