( cnn ) it sounds like the plot for a science fiction movie . someone has a horrific accident and winds up in the hospital , brain dead and on life support . doctors approach the family about organ donation , but instead of saving as many as eight lives , the family is asked to donate the whole body to save just one individual . perhaps a quadriplegic with a mind that outmatches their malfunctioning body . as crazy as this sounds , to put an entire head on a new body , a human body , italian physician dr. sergio canavero says we are approaching heaven ( an acronym for head anastomosis venture ; anastomosis is surgically connecting two parts ) . the pieces are coming together but there are still many hurdles to jump . canavero says he has part of the funding secured , although he says he ca n't yet disclose where the money is coming from as a condition of the funding . he 's also taking the 2015 layman 's approach with crowd funding and book sales . he has identified valery spiridonov as the first patient . the 30-year-old russian man suffers from a rare genetic disorder called werdnig-hoffman disease . canavero says the man volunteered . the two men have talked via skype but they have yet to meet in person and canavero has not reviewed spiridonov 's medical records . canavero says he has a stack of emails and letters from people who want this procedure . many of them are transsexuals who want a new body , he says . but he insists the first patients will be people who are suffering from a muscle wasting disease . another big obstacle is the need for a partner . canavero ca n't just do this in his own frankenstein lab . he needs a major academic medical center to host this endeavor and he has his eyes set on the united states . he hopes to get a buy-in this summer when he presents his plan to the american academy of neurological and orthopedic surgeons , or aanos , at its annual conference in june . he 's counting on getting the green light he needs for the first human whole head transplant to take place in 2017 . nick rebel , executive director of aanos , says the group is not endorsing canavero , it is simply giving him a platform to hear what he has to say . if canavero does n't get the support he needs in the united states , he 'll look to china and his timeline will slide by a year . once these pieces are in place , canavero says he 'll put together a staff of 150 nurses and doctors . many of them , like the patient , are already identified because they 've asked to be part of this team . then they 'll need to practice for what is anticipated to be a 36-hour operation . `` i say two years is the time needed for the team to reach perfect synchronization , '' canavero speculates . but what about the science ? is such an idea even plausible ? he says he has research that supports it . canavero points to dr. robert white , who transplanted the head of one monkey to the body of another at case western reserve university school of medicine in 1970 . the monkey died after eight days , because the body rejected the new head . before ithe monkey died , it could not move because the spinal cord of the head and body were not connected . the monkey also was unable to breathe on its own . the paper in which canavero outlined his procedure references a different 1971 experiment white conducted with six monkey heads , none of which survived more than 24 hours . but canavero says advances in science and medicine since then eliminate the problems white faced . dr. hunt batjer , chairman of neurological surgery at ut southwestern and president-elect of the american association for neurological surgeons , says white 's research is not validation for a human head transplant . `` [ it 's ] a 45-year-old reference in a primate and there is no evidence that the spinal cord was anastomosed functionally , '' he says . batjer further explains that it 's a great leap to go from brain survival of the surgery to restoring body function , which white did not look at . canavero is confident in his writing and in conversation . he cites white 's monkeys and even the success of german researchers who helped paralyzed rats walk , giving no pause to the fact that such research is more likely to go nowhere than to make it to human clinical trials . he published his paper in the free , online , medical journal surgical neurology international in 2013 . he walks readers through a scenario , outlining the key points that will make this work , including cooling the spinal cord before severing it . doing so with an ultra-sharp blade will avoid the damage experienced by spinal cord injury patients , he says . he 'll use a `` magic ingredient '' as a sealant to fuse the spinal cord back together and offers a few options for what that ingredient could be . the nerves , having been color-coded when separated , will be carefully aligned and this will all be done very quickly because time is key . an impossibility , according to batjer . he conceded that the airway , the spine , the major veins and arteries , can all be put back together , but the spinal cord is the problem . he says the result would be the inability to move or breathe . `` i would not wish this on anyone , i would not allow anyone to do it to me , there are a lot of things worse than death , '' batjer says . the science is n't there to support this , says arthur caplan , ph.d. , director of medical ethics at nyu langone medical center . he says it 's nothing more than a big pr stunt , and calls canavero `` nuts . '' caplan says this has to be done in many animals before it 's tried on humans . caplan also points out that if canavero can do this , he should first be helping paralyzed patients by fixing their spinal cords , before transplanting whole bodies . as for the patients , caplan says , `` their bodies would end up being overwhelmed with different pathways and chemistry than they are used to and they 'd go crazy . '' in his paper , canavero says identity issues could be a problem as the head gets used to its new body . he also says pain could be a problem . as far as immunosuppression , canavero points to today 's transplant successes as evidence this is not a problem . caplan is n't buying it . he 's seen how difficult it is for his nyu colleagues who perform face transplants . the levels of anti-rejection medications required are so high they put patients at risk for cancer and kidney problems . he says it does n't make sense that you 'd poison a new body with immunosuppressant medications to make a head transplant work . another issue caplan has seen with face transplant patients is they do n't always get full function of their new organ . `` it 's not like you can unscrew your head and put it on someone else , '' caplan says . dr. robert ruff , the veterans affairs national director for neurology , calls it farfetched and farcical , not to mention unlikely to work . he says this is more like centuries away , not years . `` it would be impossible to predict that far into the future , '' ruff says . canavero insists , though , `` we can already do this . ''