( cnn ) american suburbanites who can do all their shopping without getting wet , driving from point-to-point or looking for a new place to park , can give much of the credit to alfred taubman . taubman , a real estate developer who helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls , died friday at the age of 91 . the announcement was made by his son , robert taubman , the chairman , president and chief executive officer of taubman centers inc. , the company his father founded 65 years ago . a. alfred taubman -- his first name was adolph -- was born january 31 , 1924 , in michigan to german jewish immigrants who hit hard times during the great depression . `` i started working when i was 9 , '' he told an interviewer in 2007 . `` i really wanted to make some money . '' an army air force veteran of world war ii , he studied architecture at the university of michigan and lawrence institute of technology near detroit , and worked for an architectural firm , but decided that drawing was n't the path to success . `` i wanted to build . '' in his autobiography , `` threshold resistance : the extraordinary career of a luxury retailing pioneer , '' taubman said that when he `` looked over the horizon , i saw that there was money to be made by people who could build and own stores or , better yet , groups of stores . '' he founded the taubman co. in 1950 and began to demonstrate what the company 's website calls an `` ability to assess and overcome threshold resistance -- a phrase he coined to describe the psychological and physical barriers that keep a shopper from entering a store . '' as the post-war growth of suburbia continued , retail developers like taubman began to consider what that might mean : more and more people needed places to shop . taubman embarked on multi-store developments in the 1950s , in places like flint and taylor , michigan , and in 1961 broke ground on his first large mall , the 350,000-square-foot arborland project in ann arbor . `` demographically , i looked at the numbers , and as far as i was concerned we could n't miss , '' he recalled in 2007 . `` and we did n't . '' indeed not . this year , forbes estimated his net worth at $ 3.1 billion , and the company 's u.s. malls generate average annual sales of $ 809 per square foot , according to the company 's website . but if alfred taubman gained fame and amassed billions as one of the people who helped define suburban life , he gained notoriety along the way , as well . in 1983 , he bought the renowned international auction house sotheby 's . and in 2002 he was jailed following a conviction for conspiring with rival auction house christie 's to fix auction house commission rates to maximize profits . he was released in 2003 after having served nine months in prison . he always maintained his innocence , saying one of his underlings had lied about him to keep from going to prison herself . taubman was renowned for his attention to detail , knowledge of design and for developing some of the best-known malls in the united states . he first project was a freestanding bridal shop in detroit . over more than six decades , his company operated nearly 20 properties in the continental u.s. , including well-known developments such as the beverly center in los angeles , the mall at short hills in new jersey and the shops at crystals , in las vegas . his designs evolved over the years to include not only enclosed malls but various styles of open-air developments . and his influence stretched far from the american soil and into the thriving markets of china and south korea . people we 've lost in 2015 . taubman remained active until the end of his life . he devoted much of his energy in his later years to philanthropic activities . and , just over three weeks before his death , he attended the grand opening of the mall of san juan in puerto rico with his sons robert and william . according to a statement by robert taubman , the patriarch had dinner in his home in bloomfield hills , michigan , on friday , then died of a heart attack . in addition to his sons , robert and william , he is survived by a daughter , gayle taubman kalisman , who is co-chair of the a. alfred taubman medical research institute 's advisory board , two stepchildren , and his second wife , judith mazor rounick , a former miss israel . cnn 's cameron tankersley contributed to this report .