( cnn ) this weekend , millions of people are expected to tune in to watch two men beat each other up . why is this ? we 'll explore , but first let 's get something out of the way : the big fight between manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather wo n't `` save '' boxing , a sport that has fallen precipitously since its 20th century heyday . if anything , the so-called `` fight of the century '' just reinforces the sport 's problems , as two aging heroes collide in what might be the last nationally relevant fight for a very long time . there 's so much wrong with boxing 's business model , but all you really need to understand is this : most sports fans probably ca n't name a single active boxer after mayweather and pacquiao . some might know that the long-reigning heavyweight champ is a towering ukrainian with a boring jab-happy style , but most would n't come up with his name ( wladimir klitschko ) . boxing is n't fading away because we 've finally awoken to its brutality but from a combination of catastrophic mismanagement and competition from mixed martial arts -- a younger , more dynamic and better-managed competitor . the rocket rise of mma 's premier organization , the ultimate fighting championship , has matched boxing 's equally dramatic decline . in the course of just two decades , the ufc has grown from a freaky-violent carny sideshow into a mainstream sport . in fact , the fan base of the ufc now rivals that of the world 's most popular fighting sport : ice hockey . some aficionados spin elaborate defenses of the hundreds of fist fights that break out every year in nhl games , claiming they make the game safer by punishing dirty play . but that 's so weak . everyone knows why the nhl has n't cracked down on fighting hard enough to end it : fans love it way too much . as the hockey announcer don cherry once said , `` when [ legendary tough guy ] bob probert was fighting , did you ever see anyone get out of their seat and go get coffee . '' but why do we like to watch fights in the first place ? over the past 20 years , i 've watched boxing and mma in a spirit of nervous fascination . watching fighters kick , punch and strangle each other , i 'd be thinking , i 'm a civilized person . i appear not to be a sociopath . so why am i watching ? what 's wrong with me ? and what 's wrong with all of us ? who among us has n't felt the giddy , guilty thrill of a fistfight breaking out -- whether in a schoolyard , a hockey rink or a prize ring ? we all claim to hate violence , but i think we protest too much . inside us all , there 's a creature that adores it . how else are we to explain our yen for carnage in rough sports , films , gory video games and literature ? so is that it ? are we drawn to a big fight like mayweather-pacquiao simply by bloodlust and barbarism ? actually , i think that 's only part of the story , and not the biggest part . if we just wanted blood and pain , we would n't bother with the tame violence of pay-per-view fisticuffs . instead , we 'd fire up a web browser and watch isis snuff videos for free . but many people who feel no temptation to watch internet snuff feel sorely tempted to watch a big fight . what 's going on ? there 's a great literature on boxing , with contributions from writers such as ernest hemingway , norman mailer and joyce carol oates . for them , boxing is n't really a sport . you ca n't play boxing like you can play tennis . they compared boxing to a rite , or a religion , or above all to theater , complete with spotlit performers improvising on an elevated stage . a fight was drama sweated down to the bones -- a metaphor for the whole human condition , with everything noble and ugly on display . while it may seem like a stretch , i think we are drawn to prizefights less to revel in what 's dark and nasty in human nature than to honor what 's good and noble . prizefights set up conditions of dramatic adversity that evoke what we admire most in human beings : extremes of courage , grace , fortitude and even heroism . so should we feel virtuous as we watch mayweather and pacquiao 's epic brain damage contest ? i would n't go that far . perhaps such spectacles really should , as most of the world 's medical societies insist , be abolished . most of us feel ambivalent toward prizefighting because we should . a fight puts the darkest stuff in human nature on display : the bared fangs , the blood , the frenetic drive to do harm . but all that dark stuff draws out the best stuff , and turns a great fight into a showcase for the indomitability of human will . when mayweather and pacquiao clash at center ring on saturday night , the good angels of human nature will yearn to turn away -- and to lean in .