hong kong ( cnn ) it 's not just asia . around the world , we 're becoming collectively more near-sighted . near-sightedness , or myopia , means nearby objects appear clearly , but those farther away look blurry . the rates of myopia have doubled , even tripled , in most of east asia over the last 40 years , researchers say . several places like hong kong , singapore and taiwan have rates in the 80 % . in south korea , myopia rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18 % in 1955 to over 96 % myopia in 2011 . and it 's a global issue -- rates of myopia are also rising in western nations like germany and the united states . `` it 's about 40 % in the u.s. , compared to about 25 % in the 1970s , '' said dr. michael chiang , clinical spokesperson for the american academy of ophthalmology . but researchers say reducing risk of myopia is easy , free and readily-available : get some sunlight . sometimes , though , the easiest solutions are the hardest to implement . the epidemic of myopia amongst east asians has triggered cultural questions about why so many young people develop vision problems . many have long believed that reading , studying or staring at your phone caused short-sightedness . and there 's the usual grumblings that young people spend way too much time glued to their screens . but researchers are focusing on a different cause . `` if children get outside enough , it does n't matter how much they study they do . they do n't become myopic , '' said ian morgan , researcher at australian national university . researchers say kids and teens need to get sunlight during the critical years of their development while their eyeballs are still growing . the mechanics of how sunlight protects their eyes are not clearly understood . one theory suggests that sunlight triggers the release of dopamine in the retina ; another speculates that blue light from the sun protects from the condition . the solution is simple . have kids `` spend more time outside , have less demands ( from ) the schools and relax a bit , '' said seang mei saw , professor of epidemiology at the national university of singapore . but studying and play time are often at odds with each other . in asian cultures where there is heavy emphasis on education and hyper-competitiveness , forcing playtime is easier said than done . `` the problem is teachers and parents are probably not going to let kids , '' said dr. nathan congdon , professor at the zhongshan ophthalmic center at the sun yat sen university in china . `` there 's a limit to how many hours kids can go outside . '' there have been some attempts to protect children 's eyesight . in china , students have been mandated by its education ministry to perform daily eye exercises . since 1963 , rows of students sit at their desks and massage the pressure points around their eyes as a revolutionary-era anthem blares through the pa system . despite these eye exercises , rates of myopia in urban china have soared to nearly 90 % , according to recent studies . `` china has among the highest rates of myopia and it 's the only country in the world that does eye exercises , so it 's probably not working all that well , '' said congdon . their effectiveness has been doubted by experts in china , but the exercises remain a part of the students ' daily experience . myopia may seem like a minor inconvenience . people have to deal with glasses , contact lenses and even laser eye surgery . but researchers say there are serious implications of such high rates of myopia among young people . in singapore , 82 % of 20-year-olds are myopic . by the time these young adults hit their 60s , many of their vision problems are likely to get worse . `` they grow older and the epidemic is then in older adults , '' said saw , head of the myopia unit at the singapore eye research institute . as people age , they can become at higher risk for severe eye disorders such as high myopia , glaucoma ( optic nerve damage ) , cataracts ( clouding of the lens ) and retinal detachment . these conditions could lead to vision loss and blindness . to negotiate the expectations of parents and classes , researchers are experimenting ways to help students get increased exposure to sunlight . one of the studies underway is the `` bright light classroom '' where the school 's walls and ceilings are made of see-through plastic that allows in light . hundreds of students attend this unusual elementary school in guangdong province . `` it 's a potential way to increase the amount of light , in hopes of preventing myopia and allow kids to continue ( their ) education without inconvenience for them , '' morgan said . researchers want to measure the rates of myopia among students in these `` bright light classrooms '' compared with those in traditional classes . building schools costs money -- especially experimental see-through schools . but researchers say there are low-cost solutions . in one taiwanese study , teachers locked the students out of the classroom during recess and lunch time . in that 2013 study , students boosted their time in sunlight by 80 minutes during the school day . fewer children in that school became nearsighted compared with those from another school that did n't follow such a policy . researchers hope with greater understanding of this condition , far-sighted policies could save the next generation of children 's eyesight .