( cnn ) tuesday is equal pay day , the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women 's groups as the point in the year women would have to work to make up for `` lost '' wages as a result of the so-called wage gap . in the wake of hillary clinton 's presidential announcement , the `` holiday '' has special meaning . clinton 's election will no doubt center on women voters , and the democratic women 's agenda centers on pay equity and fairness in the workplace . here 's the thing : that 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated . it 's a comparison of averages -- comparing full-time working women with full-time working men -- that does n't control for any of the important factors that go into determining one 's salary such as education , profession , title , time spent in the workforce and time spent in the office each day , to name a few . when we do control for these variables , a much smaller wage gap persists of about 4-6 cents , some of which may be the result of gender discrimination , but also is likely a function of women 's choices and different behavior , such as not negotiating as often as men do -- factors for which economists simply ca n't control . the new women warriors : reviving the fight for equal rights . i frequently reference my own experience as a working mom with young children as an example of someone who not only made the `` mistake '' of majoring in history but then pursued a career in the nonprofit political world -- not exactly a winning combination if a high salary is the ultimate goal . add to this the fact that i took time out of the workplace and worked part time to have a family , and my earning potential simply is n't as high as some of my male counterparts . opinion : why hillary clinton should take a pay cut . still , conservatives -- and by extension republicans -- ought to be paying attention to equal pay day . because for many on the right the midterm election victories signaled that the `` war on women '' narrative was over . that democrats had overplayed their hand and that candidates such as colorado 's mark udall simply could n't succeed . in some respects , republicans are right . voters did choose policy substance over gendered rhetoric , and in many ways they rejected the insidious `` war on women '' narrative . the facts about the gender wage gap . but women voters are valuable , and equal pay day ought to be a reminder that democrats are n't ready to surrender . let 's remember a 5-point national gender gap still remains in the democrats ' favor . bottom line : the `` war on women '' narrative has n't been turned off -- it 's simply shifted gears . and with the presidential election season just revving up , we can expect to see the `` war on women '' focus turn to the workplace , where democrats will claim women are paid unfairly , not given the paid leave benefits they deserve and not given the child care support they demand . many on the right fear if they try to push back on the issue of pay equity they will be skewered in the polls . but nothing could be further from the truth . map : where the gender pay gap is the widest . the independent women 's forum conducted a randomized , controlled experiment on the issue of the wage gap , and we found that not surprisingly the progressive message in favor of the paycheck fairness act -- a legislative `` solution '' to close the pay gap -- increased support for the bill but surprisingly was not effective at increasing support for democrats . in short , if the right is silent on the issue , the left has the potential to win the battle but not the war . it 's tempting on days such as equal pay day for republicans to want to lie low -- to ignore the rhetoric and hope it will all go away by wednesday . but the reality is that 's the worst thing conservatives can do . the public is open to hearing the real story on pay equity , and conservatives need to be ready and willing to respond .