( cnn ) sunday 's announcement that corinthian colleges inc. would shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses is a positive development in a long struggle to hold for-profit colleges accountable . corinthian , which once enrolled more than 70,000 students , is one of the worst of the `` predator colleges '' -- schools that offer dubious degrees , saddle students with high amounts of debt and gobble up tens of billions of dollars in federal money every year . many of these schools are for-profit career colleges that operate mostly online . it 's no wonder that corinthian is doing this after the u.s. department of education curtailed its access to federal student aid last summer . there are about 1.3 million students enrolled in for-profit colleges , many of which have questionable track records , and their students need help transitioning into legitimate postsecondary schools . with uncle sam 's student loan debt sheet topping $ 1 trillion , we literally ca n't afford to continue funding for-profit colleges -- which reportedly get 86 % of their funding from federal student loan money . for those not familiar with the for-profit college fiasco , here 's the whole story in one telling statistic : while for-profit colleges enroll only 13 % of the nation 's college students , such colleges account for nearly half of all student loan defaults , according to department of education statistics . for comparison 's sake , the default rate of for-profit college students is worse than the default rate of the worst subprime borrowers during the financial crisis . how do these colleges operate ? it 's deviously simple : convince low-income students into borrowing tens of thousands of dollars through easy federal student loans , keep costs low through online classes and part-time professors , and watch the money roll in . the aggressive tactics of these colleges boggle the mind . recruiters are told to make 100 phone calls and leave 100 messages a day , according to a propublica investigation . i can personally attest to the aggressive tactics . my phone number was accidentally placed on a call list for a for-profit college recently , and i received so many calls per day that i had to ask my wireless carrier to block the phone number . stopping the exploitation of students is n't easy . the for-profit college business is a multibillion-dollar industry . the ceos of these companies make millions of dollars a year , employ an army of lobbyists and donate money to both political parties . but the past two months brought a new twist to the crisis . hundreds of graduates of the now-defunct corinthian joined a `` debt strike , '' publicly declaring their refusal to pay back their loans . in response , education department secretary arne duncan signaled a willingness to forgive loans of corinthian graduates who have crushing debt and no job prospects . now that corinthian is finally shutting down , we must finish the job . the remaining for-profit colleges should be closed . any student not gainfully employed or transferred to a reputable college within three years should be considered a victim , and their debts should be forgiven . yes , `` victim '' is the right word . if these degrees actually helped people get jobs , we should be celebrating them . but according to a jaw-dropping report by the education department , the average graduate of an online for-profit college makes less than a high school dropout . not the equivalent of a high school dropout . less than a high school dropout . the real-life misery caused by predatory colleges is painful to hear about . one corinthian graduate has $ 37,000 in debt for his computer science degree , but he ca n't even get a job at best buy , according to slate . another graduate , $ 33,000 in debt , has a medical assisting degree , but she gave up on finding employment in her field . she waits tables now , the chronicle of higher education says . i can already hear your next question . if for-profit colleges are this terrible , are they at least cheaper ? no . in fact , their cost is reportedly around 60 % higher than a comparable degree from a public college . what 's even more frustrating is that we 've known about the shenanigans of these predator colleges for years . a 2011 report by the government accountability office found widespread rule breaking by the largest for-profit colleges -- everything from accepting fictitious high-school diplomas to encouraging plagiarism and cheating . in one example , an undercover federal investigator posing as a student was told by a professor , `` it 's not hard to get a 100 % on the second try ; just jot down the correct answers and take the quiz again , '' according to the new york times . in 2013 , career education corp. paid $ 10 million to settle charges by the state of new york regarding phony job-placement claims . all told , no fewer than 36 state attorneys general were investigating for-profit colleges in 2014 . after selling off 95 of its campuses last year , corinthian said on sunday that it tried unsuccessfully to sell the remaining 28 campuses , blaming the failure on `` federal and state regulators seeking to impose financial penalties and conditions '' on potential buyers . you ca n't hide your bad behavior forever , and the questionable practices of many for-profit colleges are starting to catch up with them . enrollment at the university of phoenix -- the largest for-profit college in the united states -- has fallen by half , to about 213,000 . we laid the smackdown on predatory lenders during the financial crisis , and it 's time to do the same thing with for-profit colleges . to keep predator colleges from wrecking our faith in the college degree -- still the best pathway to a middle-class life -- we need to act now . for-profit colleges have flunked their final exam . now it 's up to their rich benefactor , uncle sam , to make sure they do n't go back to school in the fall . editor 's note : an earlier version of this article said the san diego campus of the university of phoenix had been banned from enrolling military veterans last year ; that issue has been resolved .