( cnn ) for the fifth year in a row in 2014 , ambush attacks on police officers were the no . 1 cause of felonious deaths of law enforcement officers in the line of duty . nevertheless , google continues to market a smartphone application that lets lawbreakers pinpoint the location of police officers in the field . google 's executives wo n't even discuss the subject with organizations representing law enforcement . google 's popular real-time traffic app , waze , uses gps navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams , automobile accidents , stalled cars , and through its `` traffic cop '' feature , the presence of law enforcement . most people undoubtedly use waze 's police-finding feature to avoid traffic tickets , but the app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers . in the days before he assassinated new york police officers rafael ramos and wenjian liu at point blank range while they sat in their patrol car last december , ismaaiyl brinsley is known to have used the waze application to monitor the movements of police officers . the killer identified the location of police on his own waze account and even posted screen captures to instagram . while google ( which acquired waze in 2013 for a reported $ 1.1 billion ) claims the app `` is all about contributing to the ' common good ' out there on the road , '' the risks far outweigh the potential benefits . every day , thousands of police officers and deputies enforce traffic laws , execute arrest and search warrants , investigate domestic violence complaints and perform countless tasks that are needed to keep our neighborhoods safe and remove criminals from the streets . it takes just a couple of clicks on waze 's `` traffic cop '' icon to identify their locations and indicate whether -- in the opinion of the anonymous user -- the officer is `` visible '' or `` invisible . '' at that moment , the officer or deputy becomes an identifiable target whose whereabouts are available to any one of waze 's 50 million users worldwide . social media has made enormous contributions to law enforcement as a `` force multiplier '' that lets citizens help police protect our communities . as we have seen with the emergence of crimes like identity theft , however , technology has the potential for evil as well as good . in the case of waze , we are confronted with a tool that can be lethal to police officers and deputies , whose roles in society are to protect our citizens and enforce the laws that keep our communities safe . google , whose stated mission is `` to organize the world 's information and make it universally accessible and useful , '' is now marketing an app with the potential to obstruct law enforcement and put the lives of police officers and deputies at risk . even the more benign uses of waze 's `` traffic cop '' feature are concerning . in 2013 , 10,076 people were killed in alcohol-related automobile accidents . and in 2011 , 9,944 people lost their lives in speed-related fatal crashes . is the highest , best use of google 's geo-mapping and crowdsourcing capabilities to help drunk drivers avoid checkpoints and give speeders assistance in evading speed limits ? it 's not just the speeders and drunk drivers who have access to the locations of police officers through google 's technology . perpetrators of domestic violence can use it to find out about the presence of law enforcement in a spouse 's neighborhood ; gang members , narcotics dealers , even those intent on perpetrating an act of terror , all have access to waze 's `` traffic cop '' feature . google has built a solid reputation as a good corporate neighbor , tying for first place in a 2013 study by the reputation institute measuring companies ' reputations for corporate social responsibility . the company makes much of its compliance with legal , moral and ethical obligations as a good corporate neighbor . but when it comes to waze , google has gone into a defensive crouch . the company 's executives flat out refused to discuss the subject with representatives of the national sheriffs ' association , an organization representing more than 3,000 sheriff 's offices across the united states . the refusal of google 's executives to even dignify our concerns by meeting with us offends our conscience . if google 's real objective is the `` common good out there on the road , '' it will work with us to ensure the safety of both motorists and police officers . the goals are not mutually exclusive : we can have both .