( cnn ) as goes walmart , so goes the nation ? everyone from apple ceo tim cook to the head of the ncaa slammed religious freedom laws being considered in several states this week , warning that they would open the door to discrimination against gay and lesbian customers . but it was the opposition from walmart , the ubiquitous retailer that dots the american landscape , that perhaps resonated most deeply , providing the latest evidence of growing support for gay rights in the heartland . walmart 's staunch criticism of a religious freedom law in its home state of arkansas came after the company said in february it would boost pay for about 500,000 workers well above the federal minimum wage . taken together , the company is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues that divide conservatives and liberals . and some prominent republicans are urging the party to take notice . former minnesota gov . tim pawlenty , who famously called on the gop to `` be the party of sam 's club , not just the country club , '' told cnn that walmart 's actions `` foreshadow where the republican party will need to move . '' `` the republican party will have to better stand for '' ideas on helping the middle class , said pawlenty , the head of the financial services roundtable , a washington lobbying group for the finance industry . the party 's leaders must be `` willing to put forward ideas that will help modest income workers , such as a reasonable increase in the minimum wage , and prohibit discrimination in things such as jobs , housing , public accommodation against gays and lesbians . '' walmart , which employs more than 50,000 people in arkansas , emerged victorious on wednesday . hours after the company 's ceo , doug mcmillon , called on republican gov . asa hutchinson to veto the bill , the governor held a news conference and announced he would not sign the legislation unless its language was fixed . walmart 's opposition to the religious freedom law once again puts the company at odds with many in the republican party , which the company 's political action committee has tended to support . in 2004 , the walmart pac gave around $ 2 million to republicans versus less than $ 500,000 to democrats , according to data from the center for responsive politics . that gap has grown less pronounced in recent years . in 2014 , the pac spent about $ 1.3 million to support republicans and around $ 970,000 for democrats . it has been a gradual transformation for walmart . in 2011 , the company bulked up its nondiscrimination policies by adding protections for gender identity . two years later , the company announced that it would start offering health insurance benefits to same-sex partners of employees starting in 2014 . retail experts say walmart 's evolution on these issues over the years is partly a reflection of its diverse consumer base , as well as a recognition of the country 's increasingly progressive views of gay equality ( support for same-sex marriage is at a new high of 59 % , according to a recent wall street journal/nbc news poll ) . `` it 's easy for someone like a chick-fil-a to take a really polarizing position , '' said dwight hill , a partner at the retail consulting firm mcmillandoolittle . `` but in the world of the largest retailer in the world , that 's very different . '' hill added : same-sex marriage , `` while divisive , it 's becoming more common place here within the u.s. , and the businesses by definition have to follow the trend of their customer . '' the backlash over the religious freedom measures in indiana and arkansas this week is shining a bright light on the broader business community 's overwhelming support for workplace policies that promote gay equality . after indiana gov . mike pence , a republican , signed his state 's religious freedom bill into law , ceos of companies big and small across the country threatened to pull out of the hoosier state . the resistance came from business leaders of all political persuasions , including bill oesterle , ceo of the business-rating website angie 's list and a one-time campaign manager for former indiana gov . mitch daniels . oesterle announced that his company would put plans on hold to expand its footprint in indianapolis in light of the state 's passage of the religious freedom act . nascar , scheduled to hold a race in indianapolis this summer , also spoke out against the indiana law . `` what we 're seeing over the past week is a tremendous amount of support from the business community who are standing up and are sending that equality is good for business and discrimination is bad for business , '' said jason rahlan , spokesman for the human rights campaign . the debate has reached presidential politics . national republicans are being forced to walk the fine line of protecting religious liberties and supporting nondiscrimination . likely gop presidential candidate jeb bush initially backed indiana 's religious freedom law and pence , but moderated his tone a few days later . the former florida governor said wednesday that indiana could have taken a `` better '' and `` more consensus-oriented approach . '' `` by the end of the week , indiana will be in the right place , '' bush said , a reference to pence 's promise this week to fix his state 's law in light of the widespread backlash . others in the gop field are digging in . sen. ted cruz of texas , the only officially declared republican presidential candidate , said wednesday that he had no interest in second-guessing pence and lashed out at the business community for opposing the law . `` i think it is unfortunate that large companies today are listening to the extreme left wing agenda that is driven by an aggressive gay marriage agenda , '' cruz said . meanwhile , former secretary of state hillary clinton , who previously served on walmart 's board of directors , called on hutchinson to veto the arkansas bill , saying it would `` permit unfair discrimination '' against the lgbt community . jay chesshir , ceo of the little rock regional chamber of commerce in arkansas , welcomed hutchinson 's pledge on wednesday to seek changes to his state 's bill . he said businesses are not afraid to wade into a politically controversial debate to ensure inclusive workplace policies . `` when it comes to culture and quality of life , businesses are extremely interested in engaging in debate simply because it impacts its more precious resource -- and that 's its people , '' chesshir said . `` therefore , when issues arise that have negative or positive impact on those things , then the business community will again speak and speak loudly . ''