( cnn ) it 's the simplest possible assignment , but it always teaches a huge lesson . every year , denver teacher kyle schwartz passes out post-it notes to her third grade students and asks them to complete the sentence , `` i wish my teacher knew ... '' many of the students she teaches at doull elementary just wish they had something in common with her , that she knew soccer or video games . but sometimes , their wishes bring tears to her eyes , and offer a glimpse of painful struggles in their young lives . there 's a student who misses her father : `` i have n't seen him in six years . '' another who wants to tell her she 's lonely : `` i do n't have friend to play with me . '' still another who wants to explain why her reading log goes unsigned : `` my mom is not around a lot . '' and other who has big hopes for the future : `` i want to go to college . '' the assignment sprang from the kinds of conversations teachers have all the time , schwartz said : `` what do our students need ? how can we best serve them ? '' schwartz always gives her students the option to write their names on their notes or remain anonymous ; of sharing them only with her , or with the entire class . it surprises her how often students stand up and want to read their wishes out loud , like the shy student who shared , `` i wish my teacher knew i 'm nervous all the time . '' `` they feel respected , they feel safe enough to share some of these more sensitive ones , '' said schwartz , who has been teaching for three years . `` kids can share what they feel comfortable with . '' recently , schwartz began to post some students ' responses on twitter using the hashtag # iwishmyteacherknew . it spread , as teachers around the country tried it with their own classrooms . they sometimes reveal what kids are most worried about right now , like the child whose mother was sick , or another who had just experienced bullying . one student just wants more attention from the teacher . sometimes , they have a little fun : `` i wish my teacher knew how to do a backflip . '' occasionally , students want to reassure their teachers that that they 're doing a great job . there 's a lot for teachers to learn , too : `` they are kids who deal with a lot as they grow up , '' one educator posted on twitter . schwartz said she 's learned not to assume what her students wish . although most of the students at her school live in poverty , not every message is about a material need . there 's no pressure to share something they 're not ready to talk about , she said , and `` they 're acutely aware of their own needs . '' through assignments like this , she is , too . as her idea spread , many twitter users asked how they can help to support her students . she 's pointed them toward a donorschoose.org fund where she posts a classroom project wish list . so far , most have been fulfilled .