( cnn ) the next time you fly to see grandma in florida , look down . the next time you take the kids on a pilgrimage to see the talking mouse or head down to south beach for some sun/sin , get a window seat and spend the moments before landing contemplating the seemingly endless swamp below . because there are few places that represent the folly of man -- and the cost of redemption -- like the everglades . on approach into miami or orlando , it just looks like squishy wasteland full of things that want to hurt you : snakes and scorpions , rats and roaches , gators and mosquitoes . ( a researcher once caught 365,000 bloodthirsty bugs in a single trap in a single night . ) as you drive along the tamiami trail , it just looks like endless sawgrass , the kind that feels like walking through broken glass . `` too wet to farm , too dry to sail , too unpredictable to settle , '' as michael grunwald put it in his definitive history , `` the swamp . '' and so , a century ago , some american dreamers decided to drain the swamp . they decided to conquer that uninhabitable frontier known as florida . and long before air conditioning , bug spray and social security helped seal that vision , the army corps of engineers blasted and dug 2,000 miles of dams and dikes , ditches and pipes . they did a hell of a job . a watershed built for 2 million people now supports nearly 8 million , and another 50 million tourists each year . but what they did n't know is that without this swamp , there can be no `` good life '' in florida . there can be no life . after a century of development , half the everglades is dead and the other half is on life support . this is a problem , not just for the gators and snakes . it is a problem for the eagles , panthers , snails , dolphins , hawks , manatees , flamingos , vase sponges , black bears and ghost orchids that make up the most unique , diverse wetlands in the world . and most of all , it is a problem for people . because most of the drinking water in south florida comes from the aquifers beneath the everglades . this 2 million-acre river of grass is not only the best form of hurricane protection , it also supports the multibillion-dollar fishing , shrimping and crabbing industries around the florida keys . what was once a slow-moving river of gin-clear water became so sluggish and toxic in the 1990s that most of the life in florida bay was wiped out -- and america woke up . fifteen years after then-gov . jeb bush smiled as bill clinton signed the most ambitious wildlife reclamation plan in history , the same army corps of engineers that was ordered to rip the everglades apart is now under orders to help it heal , to the tune of $ 13 billion as part of a larger congressional restoration plan . that story hook is what drew me here for the final episode of our first season of `` the wonder list . '' to be honest , as a veteran of a few ho-hum airboat rides , i came with really low expectations . but this place , more than any other this season , surprised me with sublime beauty , great stories and a sense of real urgency as good people try to right the wrongs of the past . nowhere else is the border between bustling civilization and untamed wilderness so narrow , which is why conservationists like to say that the everglades is a test . if we pass , we might just get to keep the planet .