( cnn ) the new emojis are here ! on thursday , apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race , ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis -- those cute little images that users can insert into text messages or emails when words alone just wo n't cut it . the reaction to this new lineup is , as should be expected with almost anything new in today 's hypersensitive climate , a range of cheers and jeers . why is any of this important , you may ask ? for many , these images are far more than tiny clip art for texting . rather they are seen as recognition that their own ethnicity , sexual orientation , race or even hair color is part of mainstream america -- despite what others might say . this matters in a digital age where texting is how most people communicate and represent themselves dozens -- if not hundreds -- of times every day . think receiving a text of an image of a person smiling . or more accurately , think of a white face smiling because up until thursday 's update , all the emojis had pale skin . but that has all changed . now there 's a range of emoji skin tones to pick from , including yellow , brown and black . i 'm sure few people will be upset with this development . but how about in december ? why ? now that will be able to choose the skin tones for each human emoji , and that will also include ... santa claus . that shrieking sound you may have heard was from fox news ' megyn kelly , who famously stated in 2013 that santa claus is absolutely , definitely and without a doubt a white guy . in fact , thanks to apple , we may even see brown santa emojis this december . ( could that mean he 's a muslim santa ? ! cue even more shrieking from fox news . ) there is more . apple has now given us gay and lesbian couple emojis , kissing with a heart over their heads . this inclusiveness was cheered by at least one gay news service on twitter . it 's not yet clear if a person who likes to use same-sex kissing emoji couples can be denied service by a person who objects on grounds of `` religious liberty . '' but it would be interesting to hear what any of the 2016 gop presidential candidates might have to say about `` gay emojis . '' and i would predict some conservative will claim that the kissing gay emojis will turn children gay . the fact is , when you embrace diversity , you will still leave out other minority groups . redheads , for example , are pretty pissed off because there are no emojis featuring their hair color . in fact , supporters of a redheaded emoji have started a petition that has already garnered several thousand signatures . even expanding the flags represented by emojis , as apple has done , comes at some peril . apparently canada is overjoyed that finally apple has included it . but armenians are not happy they were left out . i must admit that being partially of palestinian heritage , it 's heartening to see that despite the fact that some refuse to recognize a palestinian state , apple has chosen to now include a palestinian flag emoji . armenia , i feel your pain . of course the bigger question in the whole diverse-emoji issue is : what took apple so long ? how hard could it have been to add different skin colors to pick from ? that the company ( finally ) did is a step in the right direction : america 's demographics are changing , so our representations of who we are -- even representations as tiny as emojis -- should reflect this . apple has `` evolved '' in showing diversity -- from brown people to same-sex couples . maybe `` religious liberty '' conservatives who discriminate will follow .