( cnn ) '' it really depends what you want . boy ? girl ? young ? old ? '' the man on the phone was offering us young children with the casualness of a market trader . after a week of back and forth phone calls , his initial caginess had given way to greed . he 'd heard my foreign accent and clearly decided i would pay more than the domestic rate . `` we can get , '' he said . we 'd been put in touch with the man through a contact on the ground . we were told he was one of the men running this `` unofficial '' displaced camp -- one of the many that has mushroomed in the town of yola as the influx of people fleeing boko haram has grown beyond the capacity of the official camps . it had all been heartbreakingly simple . we 'd asked who had children available to `` foster '' -- a catch-all code word designed to conceal the true intent of those offering up the orphaned children . the man on the phone was the end result of those inquiries . when our colleague want to see them , he was shown a group of children and asked which one he wanted to take . one , two maybe ? he escaped by saying he needed to check with his `` madam '' -- me . i called . the man picked up and began referring to me as `` sister . '' i told him we wanted to know what we 'd need to do , if we decided we did want to `` foster '' the children . he told me , `` sister , jesus will reward me , '' so the `` fostering '' was free , he said . no need for any pesky paperwork -- just a reassurance from me that the children , if i chose to take them , would `` live in my heart . '' if i could also then find it `` in my heart '' to donate to those still in the camp , then that would be `` god 's work . '' in spite of the harsh measures the nigerian government has put in place to punish human traffickers , by the government 's own admission , 8 million children are currently engaged in forced labor . the global slavery index says nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-saharan country . paradoxically , the group also rates nigeria 's anti-trafficking agency , naptip , as one of the strongest government responses on the continent -- but it 's clearly overwhelmed by the realities of working in what is now a zone of military operations , nigeria 's north . as the insecurity in the region has spiraled , the worry is that more and more children are falling through the cracks . and as boko haram increases its reliance on child suicide bombers , concerns are growing that orphaned children could end up in the hands of the terror group . at the camp where we finally met the man face to face , there was no attempt at subterfuge . we spoke in normal tones in full view of the children playing . i could have had one of them , i was told , but because i 'd specified a younger child , they 'd only identified one so far -- a 3-year-old . did i want to consider an older girl ? a 12-year-old maybe ? she could look after the 3-year-old , and cook and clean . either way , two girls would be ready tomorrow , he said . i could see them then . our last phone conversation revolved around what an appropriate `` donation '' would be in exchange for the children . he could n't , he said , bargain for it . he then proceeded to do just that , laughing down the phone at my first tentative guess of $ 200 . laughing again at $ 300 . we finally found a figure he did n't find funny -- $ 500 . i put the phone down and we traveled back to the capital that day to show naptip what we 'd found .