boston ( cnn ) the boston marathon is traditionally an event in which people in and around the massachusetts capital come together , celebrate and enjoy . but not in 2013 , when three people died and over 200 were injured when a pair of bombs went off within 12 seconds of each other at the finish line . and not this year -- at least not if you 're a member of the jury that convicted dzhokhar tsarnaev in the bombings . that 's what federal judge george a. o'toole told jurors tuesday , stressing the importance of avoiding anything that could be prejudicial in the trial 's sentencing phase . that begins april 21 , a day after this year 's edition of the landmark race . `` do not attend the boston marathon or any events or gatherings related to the anniversary or the current running of the boston marathon , '' o'toole said in court . the judge spoke for less than 10 minutes , and stressed the seriousness of his warnings . the first phase of tsarnaev 's trial began march 4 , after which federal prosecutors called 92 witnesses , and the defense just four . timeline of the bombings , manhunt and aftermath . tsarnaev 's lawyers never disputed that their client was at the scene of the bombings and part of the days-long mayhem that followed . tsarnaev lawyer judy clarke acknowledged in opening arguments that : `` it was him . '' but clarke argued that dzhokhar tsarnaev only took part in the plot under the influence of his brother tamerlan tsarnaev , who died after the bombings , but before his brother was captured in a boat parked in a watertown backyard , that argument was n't enough to sway the jury , though . rather , they convicted dzhokhar tsarnaev on all 30 counts he faced -- including using weapons of mass destruction , bombing a place of public use , conspiracy and aiding and abetting . a look at all of the charges . the only question now , short of a successful appeal of that verdict , is what price he 'll now pay . the maximum penalty for several of the charges is death . talking to the jury on tuesday , o'toole predicted that the sentencing phase will last four weeks before cautioning that forecasting a specific timetable is less reliable than guessing the weather . the plan is for the court to be in session for four days a week , as long as the process takes . until then , o'toole told the jurors , `` please put the case out of your minds . enjoy the warm weather . '' what 's next for tsarnaev ? cnn 's ann o'neill reported from boston . cnn 's catherine e. shoichet , alexandra field , aaron cooper , kevin conlon , jason hanna and steve almasy contributed to this report .