( cnn ) the complete skeleton of a camel thought to to have been used by ottoman troops besieging vienna in the 17th century has been found beneath a cellar in austria . the remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the university of veterinary medicine vienna ( vetmeduni ) , exploring the construction site for a shopping center in the city of tulln in 2006-2007 . `` the partly excavated skeleton was at first suspected to be a large horse or cattle , '' archaeozoologist alfred galik said . `` but one look at the cervical vertebrae , the lower jaw and the metacarpal bones immediately revealed that this was a camel . '' in their research , published in the journal `` plos one , '' the archaeologists said ottoman troops had besieged the area around tulln in 1683 as they tried to reach vienna , but that tulln itself had never been conquered . the ottoman army had a `` camelry , '' using camels for transportation and to ride , they said . despite their city not falling , tulln inhabitants and the ottomans were in contact , with historic documents referring to the invading army 's peaceful surrender of two prisoners of war , the researchers said . but they said it would be impossible to say how it got into the city . `` its appearance might be linked to an exchange of local people with the troops or the ottoman army simply left it behind . apparently , the citizens took it inside the town , where they probably kept and displayed it as an ' exotic animal , ' '' they said . `` it seems quite conceivable that being not familiar with behavioral and feeding habits , the scarcity of food in wartimes , people did not keep it for long . '' while other camel bones have been found in central europe , the researchers said this was unique . `` it is the first complete camel skeleton found in central europe and central european territories under the control of the ottoman empire , apart from the complete skeleton of a dromedary recovered from the sediments of the theodosius harbor on the european part of istanbul . '' dna analysis on the tulln skeleton confirmed that it had been one of a hybrid species of camel , specifically a `` tulu , '' the offspring of dromedary female and a male with bactrian dna . `` the two species are able to interbreed , which results in larger , more powerful and efficient hybrid offspring , '' researchers said . `` the camel specimen from tulln is the first archaeozoologically and genetically confirmed evidence of a tulu hybrid camel . '' the camel was also believed to have been castrated to make it easier to handle . the austrians ' unfamiliarity with such a beast may have led to the skeleton 's preservation . as opposed to the ottoman troops -- who would likely have eaten the camel 's flesh -- the residents of tulln apparently buried the camel whole . `` the dismemberment of the carcasses certainly is a reason for the scarce preservation of camel finds in general and is indicated by bones with butchering marks in particular . however , the citizens buried this camel in a typical post-mortal position , and together with rubbish in the remnants of a cellar that was leveled , '' researchers said . in their report , the researchers said the camel was found on the site of what had been an old tavern called `` auf der rossmuhle . '' `` the backfill of the cellar yielded masses of domestic refuse like animal bones and ceramics ( e.g . plates , pans and flagons ) , pieces of a tiled stove and enameled pipe bowls which date the filling in the early modern period , '' they said . a coin dating from 1643-1715 and a medicine bottle from a chemist 's operating from 1628-1665 helped the team date the site . flooding and plagues affected tulln in the 17th century and many buildings were demolished , they said . `` two building plots got new owners at the end of the century around the 1690 , certainly the time when the cellar was backfilled , offering enough space to bury such a big cadaver in the center of the town , '' their report explains . `` the skeleton remained there for more than 300 years to raise questions in the future . ''