( cnn ) since the headline-grabbing murder of american journalist james foley by isis militants eight months ago , the world has been regularly confronted with a modern form of an ancient , primally horrifying method of execution . british and american aid workers , japanese and american journalists , kurdish and syrian soldiers and egyptian and now ethiopian christians were among those who followed in foley 's wake : their gruesome beheadings documented on camera and disseminated as propaganda to a global online audience . these highly ritualized killings have galvanized international opposition to the group -- and helped attract a wave of foreign recruits to the isis cause . but beyond this , some experts such as psychology professor arie w. kruglanski suggest , the wave of savage beheadings may be having an unlikely knock-on effect . he says the spate of jihadist beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation -- not only from islamists , but from the `` disbelievers '' they target . kruglanski , distinguished professor of psychology at the university of maryland , says the frequent , high profile reports of isis beheadings could result in psychologically `` priming '' people to be more inclined to emulate them , or threaten to , during moments of conflict or extreme stress . because of the attention that jihadist beheadings have commanded internationally , `` the very concept of beheading , that was virtually non-existent in our unconscious prior to these events being propagated , is now there , '' he told cnn . `` it comes to mind when a conflict happens , when you react aggressively , '' he said . `` it sits there in our unconscious and can be activated under certain circumstances when the passions run high , and result in actual behavior . '' reports of beheadings also emerge from saudi arabia , where it is a legal method of execution under the country 's judicial code ; and mexico and brazil , where it is typically the work of criminal gangs . but neither has placed the practice in the global spotlight to anything like the same degree as isis 's propaganda , in which the threat is extended to `` disbelievers '' around the globe . a similar copy-cat effect had been observed with the phenomenon of school mass shootings , said kruglanski . `` once the idea is planted then when someone is upset , feeling violent , the idea of getting a gun and shooting up a school comes more readily to mind , because it 's sitting there in our unconscious , '' he said . a lack of hard data on the global incidence of beheadings makes it impossible to say conclusively whether such killings are being carried out by non-jihadists more often . but reports of such cases have been frequently making the headlines . in december and january , two victims were decapitated -- outside a florida home , and in a shopping mall in china 's shaanxi province -- in crimes with no apparent connection to terror . in london alone , a city deeply impacted by the murder and attempted decapitation of soldier lee rigby by islamic extremists in 2013 , three women were reportedly beheaded last year in alleged crimes with no apparent jihadist motivation . and in the united states , an oklahoma man is awaiting trial , accused of beheading a co-worker in september . ( whether he was inspired by isis propaganda remains unclear ; he was reportedly a recent convert to islam and had posted osama bin laden and beheading content online . ) whether or not `` non-jihadist '' beheadings are on the increase , this brutal method of killing has inarguably come to occupy a larger part of the public consciousness , as isis 's beheadings have grabbed international headlines and the terror group 's call on supporters to attack `` disbelievers '' has reverberated worldwide . in australia and the philippines , jihad-related threats or plots to decapitate have allegedly been made in the past seven months ; recently , a muslim convert in london was found guilty of a plot to behead a british soldier , inspired by the rigby murder . the theme of beheading was also front and center in an incident in belgium in january , where fans of football team standard liege unfurled a giant banner depicting the severed head of an opponent . the club condemned their actions as `` totally unacceptable . '' beyond this , threats to behead also seem to have gained a wider currency among non-jihadists , said kruglanski . in the u.s. , a michigan man was arrested in january for threatening to decapitate the new york police officer who put eric garner in a fatal choke hold , which triggered widespread civil rights protests . and months earlier , in october , police reportedly received a threat to behead elementary school students in rhode island . roderic broadhurst , a professor of crime , policing , security and justice at the australian national university said the isis beheadings may have shown those engaging in attention-seeking threats of violence a sure way to get noticed . `` an awareness of what really shocks and gets ' news ' is clearly on show , '' he said . the threats and banner demonstrated the way in which the spread of beheading rhetoric may be having a psychologically `` brutalizing '' effect on society , said kruglanski , intensifying the violence of our thoughts , words and actions . `` ultimately , we 're talking about contributing to the brutalization of interpersonal and inter-group conflict all over the planet , '' he said . justin hastings , a senior lecturer in international relations and comparative politics at the university of sydney , said that while isis beheadings `` might inspire some people to prefer that particular way to kill people as opposed to others , '' he believed it would eventually fall out of favor . while beheading had been adopted by isis as their stock in trade , it would inevitably lose its shock value , driving jihadists to ramp up the levels of atrocity in order to continue capturing international attention . one such dramatic escalation occurred in february , when isis released a propaganda video in which the tactic of beheading was abandoned altogether for fresh horrors -- burning jordanian pilot moath al-kasasbeh alive in a cage . later that month , isis released a video released showing what appeared to be kurdish peshmerga fighters paraded down iraqi streets in cages . for many , a baffling aspect to the executions has been how such overweening brutality could win support for the isis cause . while the executions are viewed by the vast majority of people as repellent , kruglanski said , they could exert a strong pull for sympathizers by projecting `` a sense of godlike power . '' `` we all have this morbid , instinctual fascination with death and killing and torture , which is sublimated and constrained by civilization and our culture and socialization , '' he said . `` most of us are peaceful even though these drives exist in our subconscious ; civilization rests on its ability to constrain them . '' but when the `` death instinct '' -- `` this drive to kill and promote violence '' -- was legitimized by a powerful narrative , such as a religious or ideological call to global jihad , `` then that can result in unregulated atrocities , '' he said . for some foreign jihadists who had traveled to iraq and syria to fight for isis , the realities of the so-called `` islamic state '' had driven them to return home disenchanted , he said . but others remained . `` in each of us there is this battle of good versus evil , '' said kruglanski . `` it 's a battle in everybody 's soul . ''