( cnn ) indonesia has a tough stance on drug smugglers , and since assuming office in october , president joko widodo has made it clear he intends to show no mercy toward those found guilty of such crimes . that tough stance casts a further pall on two australian drug smugglers , part of the so-called `` bali nine . '' they are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad after an indonesian court rejected a last ditch effort to gain clemency from widodo on monday . april marks a decade on death row for andrew chan and myuran sukumaran for their part in a failed heroin smuggling plot . the 31-year-old chan has been called the ringleader and 33-year-old sukumaran has been described as his collaborator . the seven others who took part in the operation are serving lengthy prison sentences for trafficking the drugs . the members of the bali nine were arrested after indonesian police received a tip from australian federal police . four members of the group were caught at denpasar international airport with more than 8 kilograms of heroin strapped to their bodies . four others , including sukumaran , were arrested at a hotel in the village of kuta . although he was n't carrying any drugs , chan was detained after boarding a plane to sydney . he was named by others as the mastermind of the smuggling plot . while the purported ringleaders have received media attention for years , the other seven members of the bali nine have rarely been in the spotlight . here 's a quick look at the other members of the group : scott rush . indonesian prosecutors asked for and received a sentence of life in prison for several of the bali nine , who were identified as drug couriers in the operation . that includes scott rush of brisbane , australia . rush was 19 when he was captured in indonesia . he was arrested at denpasar airport with more than 1 kilogram of heroin strapped to his body . michael czugaj . life in prison was the original sentence for 29-year-old michael czugaj , also of brisbane . nineteen at the time of his arrest , czugaj is one of five of the bali nine whose sentence was reduced to 20 years in prison , then reinstated at life again . during his trial , czugaj testified he was lured into the drug scheme with the promise of a free holiday to bali . he was quoted in news reports as saying his life was threatened , as well as his family 's , if he refused to cooperate with the heroin smuggling operation . tan duc thanh nguyen . tan duc thanh nguyen from brisbane , who is now 31 , was one of four drug couriers in the case . he was found in a hotel room on bali 's kuta beach with a small amount of heroin and drug paraphernalia . si yi chen and matthew norman . the others are si yi chen , 30 and matthew norman , 28 , both from sydney . foreignprisoners.com quotes chen as saying he deeply regrets his actions and did not mean to hurt others , especially his family . norman is quoted on the same website expressing remorse for his actions and hopes that people back home , `` do n't judge me too harshly . '' he says he has two sisters including a twin . foreignprisoners.com is run by foreign prisoner support service , a nonprofit organization based in south africa . martin stephen and rena lawrence . the same website details information about martin stephens , now 39 , and the only woman in the bali nine , 37-year-old renae lawrence . stephens was a former bartender from towradgi , a suburb of wollongong in new south wales . he claims he was forced to travel to bali and take part in the drug smuggling operation after death threats against his family . lawrence , from newcastle in new south wales , australia , was arrested with heroin strapped to her body . she claims chan threatened her life if she did not take part in the scheme . during her court appeal , lawrence apologized to indonesia for her actions . her original life sentence was also reduced to 20 years . during a court appearance in 2006 , chan denied threatening anyone . he told the denpasar district court before his sentencing in february of that year : `` a lot of lies have been said against me , but the true reality is i 'm not what people put me out to be . i 've never threatened anybody in my life . '' the denpasar district court also dismissed claims that chan made threats against lawrence and rush when the two were sentenced in 2006 . australia has repeatedly called for clemency for chan and sukumaran . foreign minister julie bishop said monday , `` the government is disappointed at today 's decision by the state administrative court of jakarta to reject the appeals of andrew chan and myuran sukumaran . we understand that the legal team for mr. chan and mr. sukumaran is considering other legal options . '' in a news release posted to the australian government 's website , bishop cited the `` extensive rehabilitation '' both men have undergone and said she will continue to appeal to her counterpart while australia continues to `` use all diplomatic options to seek a stay of execution . ''