washington ( cnn ) a new entry and a waiting game on the democratic side , a go-slow approach from a leading republican , and the big stakes of 2016 filled our sunday morning trip around the `` inside politics '' table . 1 . here 's ... bernie ! hillary clinton is about to get her first official challenger . sen. bernie sanders of vermont could make an announcement within days , reports cnn 's nia-malika henderson , adding a populist voice to a democratic race that starts with clinton as the overwhelming favorite . sanders has been exploring a run for months , and was a hit this weekend at a big south carolina democratic event . `` i do n't think he can necessarily challenge hillary clinton in terms of donors and in terms of organization , '' said henderson . `` but in terms of bringing the heat , bringing the fire , bringing that populist rhetoric , he 'll be interesting to see , and how he moves hillary clinton 's own rhetoric as well . '' 2 . for biden , watch , wait and ... few think vice president joe biden is willing to risk a third losing bid for the democratic presidential nomination . but his official word is that he is still looking at the race , and julie hirschfeld davis of the new york times reports that this `` wait and see '' approach is likely to continue for a bit . `` there is a strain of thinking that if hillary clinton 's campaign is truly to implode at some point , that democrats are going to need someone who can jump in quickly , raise a lot of money and have a lot of experience and launch a campaign , '' said davis . `` and joe biden would not mind being the person they talk about as that person . so , and as long as we are talking about that , we are still talking about joe biden , and that 's just the way he likes it . '' 3 . kasich also thinks waiting is best . ohio gov . john kasich is more visible of late , and makes no secret of the fact that he thinks he is the most qualified among the potential republican 2016 presidential prospects . but he is n't in a rush to make a formal declaration of candidacy . some see this as hesitation . but robert costa of the washington post detailed a conversation with the ohio governor in which kasich made the case that he need not rush . `` he 's not formally moving toward it right now , '' said costa . `` but i do n't think he feels a rush , because in this age of super pacs , it 's more about building donor relationships , building relationships in the early states , then maybe getting in when you have a little momentum . '' 4 . listen to the candidates -- and be reminded of the high stakes . personalities often trump policy in political coverage , especially in the early days of a campaign . but the old line `` elections have consequences '' gets repeated a lot because it just happens to be true . npr 's steve inskeep says the prospect of big changes was obvious as he did some recent homework about the 2016 race . `` jeb bush was asked this past week about president obama'a executive actions on immigration , and he said on a conservative radio talk show , ' yes , of course i would reverse them , ' '' said inskeep . `` so suddenly you are talking about millions of people who are on a path to be legalized for a while , now potentially on a path not to be legalized , depending on who wins an election . '' `` does n't mean they would go through with it . i think we all can recall president obama 's promise to close guantanamo right away if he could just replace president bush . but it certainly would color the campaign and the tenor of the campaign -- the huge changes that could lie in store depending on who wins . '' 5 . remember sharron angle ? the gop establishment sure does ! goal no.1 for republicans in 2016 is taking back the white house . but preserving their new senate majority runs a close second -- and that will be no easy task , because so many of the competitive races are in states that tend to lean blue in presidential years . so the gop establishment is putting a priority on candidate recruitment and hoping to build on its 2014 successes , which you might recall included an aggressive effort to discourage or defeat tea party candidates viewed as too risky by the establishment . so in nevada , where democrat harry reid is retiring , there is an intensifying effort to get republican rep. joe heck to declare his senate candidacy . and in colorado , the establishment favorite is rep. mike coffman , who opened a lot of eyes with his 2014 race in a competitive swing district against a top-tier democratic opponent . those two states -- and those two seats -- have special significance in the 2016 maneuvering : reid and colorado democrat michael bennet won narrow 2010 victories in what was for the most part a big gop year . ask the establishment why , and you will get a ton of finger-pointing at the tea party candidates who emerged as the gop nominees -- sharron angle in nevada and ken buck in colorado .