( cnn ) the force is strong in turkey -- or at least it appears to be at one university where thousands of students are petitioning for a jedi temple to be built on campus . the petition , which was started by a student at dokuz eylul university in the western province of izmir , so far has almost 5,500 signatures . `` there are less and less jedi left on the earth , '' the petition says . it adds that `` uneducated padawan '' -- the novice jedis in george lucas ' `` star wars '' film franchise -- `` are moving to the dark side . ... to find the balance in the force , we want a jedi temple . '' the page on change.org also features a still of jedi grand master yoda from `` star wars : episode ii -- attack of the clones '' teaching young jedis how to use a light saber . `` i 'm signing because the nearest temple ( is ) billions of light years away , '' one supporter wrote on the petition page . another supporter wrote : `` we want freedom of worship . there are mosques everywhere , but no jedi temple ! '' the petition was started by akin cagatay caliskan , an 18-year-old computer science student from ankara . caliskan says he is surprised by the impact his petition has made : `` i did not expect so many supporters . i thought maybe it might ( have ) 100 . '' the satirical document does have a serious side . an online debate started last month when mehmet karaca , the rector of istanbul technical university , said he would build a mosque on campus if there was enough support . karaca was referencing another petition asking a mosque be built on campus , which almost 200,000 students signed . twenty thousand students at itu also signed a separate petition in response , demanding a buddhist temple on campus . `` i can not fulfill my religious needs '' and can not afford `` to go to the nearest buddhist temple 2,000 miles away , '' utku gurcag boratac from istanbul wrote as her reason for signing . `` i want to fulfill my religious needs on campus , '' said another . this is just the latest flurry in a longstanding discussion around civil and religious freedoms in the secular republic . turkey 's secularist opposition has accused turkish president recep tayyip erdogan and his party , the islamist-based justice and development party , of trying to instill conservative islamic values into everyday life . late last year , the head of turkey 's islamic religious affairs authority , the diyanet , announced plans to build 80 mosques on university campuses across the country . the diyanet sparked discussion a few months earlier by opening a mosque on the campus of erzurum ataturk university in the eastern province of erzurum , according to turkish daily newspaper hurriyet .