charleston , south carolina ( cnn ) police officers saturday accompanied the hearse carrying the body of walter scott to his south carolina funeral service , where hundreds of mourners celebrated his life and death as a catalyst for change in america . a pair of officers on motorcycles were part of the large procession delivering the father of four -- who was fatally shot in the back by a police officer -- to a service open to the public . an overflow crowd gathered on a humid and occasionally rainy april afternoon at w.o.r.d . ministries christian center in summerville , which has a capacity of about 300 people . the flag-draped casket of the u.s. coast guard veteran was wheeled inside the church as scott 's relatives and friends followed . some dabbed tears ; others embraced . hundreds , including local officials , assembled inside the packed sanctuary -- in corridors , under an awning at the entrance , wherever they could stand . silence filled the vast space as scott 's daughter samantha read a poem of love dedicated to her father . anthony scott said god had selected his brother as a candidate for change in america . `` the change will come , '' he said , bringing to the crowd to its feet . the head of the church , george hamilton , spoke of how scott had brought members of his family to the church , of the agony of not only losing a family member but having to watch it happen on video . the death of scott , who was black , at the hands of a white police officer was `` motivated by racial prejudice , '' hamilton said . it was `` an act of overt racism . '' `` hate came because walter was an african-american , '' he said . hamilton said his remarks were not meant as an indictment of law enforcement , but he singled out the officer who killed scott as a `` disgrace to the north charleston police department . '' `` there is gong to be change , '' he said . `` walter 's death will not be in vain . '' after the service , pallbearers gently lifted scott 's casket into the hearse . crowds poured from the church . a slow-moving procession of black cars then made its way to live oak memorial gardens in charleston for the private burial . chris stewart , an attorney for the scott family , said the death represented more than an race issue . `` it 's a human issue , '' he said . `` we 're getting emails from people in arkansas telling us , ' i 'm a white male , and i 'm supporting this family . ' their son is going to be remembered for changing the way we look at each other . '' on friday night , scott 's open casket was draped with an american flag , and he was in a dark suit for his private visitation in charleston . a dallas cowboys banner -- his favorite nfl team -- was placed outside the casket , and a figurine of a cowboys player stood at his side . but scott 's family was missing . they needed privacy , said charleston mayor joseph riley , who attended . a week ago , scott was killed in north charleston after getting pulled over for a broken taillight . a passer-by caught the shooting on cell phone video , and officer michael slager was swiftly charged with murder . he was fired and faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted . who was walter scott ? the video shows scott running from an officer , who fires eight shots . scott is struck five times ; he falls to the ground . `` nothing in this video demonstrates that the officer 's life or the life of another was threatened , '' national urban league president marc morial said . `` the question here is whether the use of force was excessive . '' but one witness is speaking of a struggle before the shooting . and at least one expert believes a murder charge may not hold up . on thursday , gwen nichols told cnn 's brian todd that she saw scott and slager scuffling at the entrance to a vacant lot . `` it was like a tussle type of thing , like , you know , like , ' what do you want ? ' or ' what did i do ? ' type of thing , '' nichols said . `` i did n't hear mr. slager saying ' stop ! ' `` nichols ' account has similarities to slager 's . he had told investigators that he had tussled with scott over his taser and that he feared for his safety . a timeline of events . criminal defense attorney paul callan said he believes slager 's defense will play up the reported scuffle in arguing that this is not a murder case . `` defense attorneys will say this was a heat of passion shooting -- ( that ) this was something that he did suddenly after some kind of an altercation , a physical altercation with a suspect , '' callan said . `` and that would constitute manslaughter under law , as opposed to murder , and it makes a huge difference in sentencing . '' in south carolina , a murder conviction requires a measure of premeditation . but the account from the witness who recorded the cell phone video , feidin santana , paints a different picture . he was walking to work when he saw slager on top of scott , he said , who was on the ground . santana said he could hear the sound of a taser in use . he said he did n't see scott go after the taser , as slager initially claimed . he said he believes scott was trying to get away . `` mr. scott never tried to fight , '' santana said . neither the struggle nor the use of a taser was captured on video , because santana started recording shortly after that . investigators from the south carolina law enforcement division found troubling inconsistencies from the very start , it said in a statement . `` we believed early on that there was something not right about what happened in that encounter , '' division chief mark keel said in a statement . `` the cell phone video shot by a bystander confirmed our initial suspicions . '' slager 's lawyer , andy savage , has complained that he `` has not received the cooperation from law enforcement that the media has . '' savage 's office said in a statement that it has yet to receive `` any investigative documents , audio or video tapes , other than a copy of mr. slager 's arrest warrant . '' the news release added that the lawyer has been advised that the police union that slager belongs to `` is no longer involved in the case . '' charleston county sheriff al cannon said slager 's wife , jamie , who is eight months ' pregnant , and his mother had a visit with him at the county detention center friday . slager was being held in isolation and being `` monitored for his mental health , '' cannon said . in a statement , one of slager 's lawyers said the meeting lasted about an hour . `` his wife and mom were tearful but strong , and they were all very grateful for the chance to see him in person , even if separated by a thick pane of glass , '' the statement said . `` they held up family photos -- and even jamie 's ultrasound from earlier that day -- to remind him of all those who love him . throughout the visit , michael was focused on jamie and their baby and was very relieved to know that she is being shown so much love and support by their families . '' a second video , taken from a police dash cam , has also emerged from the day scott died . it shows moments before the shooting , when things seemed to be going smoothly between scott and slager . scott apparently tells the officer that he has no insurance on the vehicle , and slager returns to his car to do paperwork . then scott gets out of the car and runs out of the camera 's frame . scott was the subject of a bench warrant over $ 18,104.43 in unpaid child support at the time of the stop , according to court records . that was why he ran , lawyers for the family said after the funeral service . u.s. rep. james clyburn , d-south carolina , told reporters outside the service that scott lost a $ 35,000-a-year job the first time he was jailed for failing to pay child support . `` he said it was the best job he 's ever had , '' clyburn said . `` now you have to ask ... if you want to collect child support , there 's got to be income . and you ai n't going to make much income from jail . it seems to me that we need to take a look to how to deal with that issue without causing unemployment and the loss of freedom . '' on friday afternoon , police met with a man who was in scott 's car , but the passenger 's name was n't in a police report obtained by cnn . he was detained briefly after the shooting , one officer wrote in the report . scott family attorney chris stewart said he was a co-worker and friend . but he did not identify the passenger by name . on friday , a few mourners trickled into the fielding home for funerals . a white banner with a blue star near scott 's casket displayed his favorite nfl team . it said : `` tradition , the cowboys way . '' `` this is a heartbreaking tragedy for everyone in our community , '' said riley , the mayor . `` it breaks everyone 's hearts . '' cnn 's polo sandoval and martin savidge reported from charleston , and ben brumfield and ray sanchez reported and wrote in atlanta and new york .