( cnn ) a year ago bloomberg published a story with the following headline : mike pence , a koch favorite , mulls 2016 run for president . the story ticked off items on pence 's conservative things-to-do list while also noting his close ties to the deep-pocketed koch brothers , as well as other right-wing lobbying groups . last august the indiana governor was in dallas for an americans for prosperity event ; the group is backed by the conservative koch brothers , and supported gov . pence 's tax-slashing budget . now , pence is drawing huge heat for his controversial decision to sign a religious freedom law last week that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians . why would pence ignore the pleas of indiana 's chamber of commerce as well as the republican mayor of his state capital and sign such a bill ? because there 's a very powerful wing of his party that wants a conservative as its 2016 candidate and this bill was pence 's way of shoring up his street cred . it is also the reason why republican jeb bush , pence 's fellow white house hopeful , who is viewed as a little light in that category , was first to rush in to defend pence and the law . one lesson here : just because more than 70 % of the country now lives in states where same-sex marriage is legal does not mean 70 % of the country is happy about it . backlash aside , the fact is pence has scored a lot of points this week among ultraconservatives . and while that may not be enough to get him over this political hump , the very public debate that now embroils him — and arkansas gov . asa hutchinson , and likely 14 other states considering similar proposals this year -- is more than enough to drag the entire republican field farther to the right than the party had hoped . pence : ' was i expecting this kind of backlash ? heavens no . ' for there is no way a republican can get through the pending primary without denouncing lgbt rights , which unfortunately will turn numerous americans into single-issue voters . i foolishly hoped the issue of lgbt rights would be a bit player in the 2016 general election , overshadowed by foreign policy and the economy . instead it looks like it 's going to be dragged down to a replay of pat buchanan 's `` cultural war '' speech , during which he told the 1992 republican national convention : `` we stand with ( george h.w . bush ) against the amoral idea that gay and lesbian couples should have the same standing in law as married men and women '' and later followed with `` there is a religious war going on in this country . it is a cultural war , as critical to the kind of nation we shall be as the cold war itself . for this war is for the soul of america . '' progressives may enjoy watching pence 's temporary fall from grace , but his policy rhetoric has echoed that of 2016 hopeful sen. ted cruz of texas , who has indicated a federal ban on same-sex marriage is not off the gop table . and even if you think neither pence nor bush nor cruz will win the nomination , someone has to . in light of that , listen to conservative former arkansas gov . mike huckabee , a potential 2016 candidate describing conservatives ' discomfort with same-sex marriage : `` it 's like asking someone who 's jewish to start serving bacon-wrapped shrimp in their deli . '' or louisiana gov . bobby jindal : `` i certainly will support ted cruz and others that are talking about making ... a constitutional amendment to allow states to continue to define marriage . '' or wisconsin gov . scott walker , who has a long history of fighting against same-sex marriage and civil unions . and ben carson said jail turns people gay , so there 's that . remember : pence did n't act alone . he only signed a bill that first passed muster with other elected officials . in fact , according to the american civil liberties union , `` the indiana rfra [ religious freedom restoration act ] is one of 24 introduced in 15 states this year that could allow someone to use their religious beliefs to discriminate . numerous other bills specifically single out the lgbt community for unequal treatment . '' who supports , denounces indiana law ? gallup polls may suggest voters nationwide are more gay-friendly , but the trend on the state level tells a different story . perhaps we 're witnessing the final gasp of long-ago biases . or maybe those biases are having a rebirth we had underestimated . former rep. barney frank of massachusetts , the first member of congress to marry someone of the same sex while in office , said he believes republicans want the supreme court to rule in favor of same-sex marriage to provide political cover in the gop primary . `` we 're winning , '' he told a crowd in chicago recently while promoting his latest book . i guess if you look at where the country was on lgbt issues 10 years ago , we definitely are . that 's assuming you are part of the `` we '' who believe lgbt people should have the same rights as their heterosexual/cisgender counterparts . but as the situation in indiana has shown , `` winning '' should not be mistaken for having `` won . '' for it is doubtful that a candidate will be able to avoid taking a position on the wave of so-called `` religious freedom '' bills snaking through red-state legislatures . or to sidestep the topic of a constitutional amendment when it 's raised in a debate or at a campaign stop , especially with republicans controlling both the house and the senate . pence , and to a lesser extent , jeb bush , may be toxic now but america has a short attention span . more importantly , they are not alone . frank said when progressives get angry they march in the streets , and when conservatives get mad they march to the polls . if that holds true in 2016 , `` winning '' is going to feel very strange .