( cnn ) c-span 's live telecast of the white house correspondents ' association dinner on saturday night , hosted by cecily strong of `` saturday night live , '' was not strong 's finest hour , though the entire affair seemed like five of c-span 's longest hours . even so , there were some genuinely funny moments , although the ratio was low , and you had to be patient to get to them . but when you step back and look at the event as a whole , and appreciate what 's really happening -- in terms of press freedoms and even a u.s. president willing and able to poke fun at himself as well as others -- it 's hard not to think of this particular beltway-meets-showbiz event as a wonderfully american exercise in tolerance and good humor . that being said , it 's a very tough room -- and not just because the washington hilton ballroom is so cavernous . more than 2,000 credentialed white house journalists and their mostly celebrity guests convened for the occasion . and convened , and convened , and convened , as time dragged on and dinner was served late . president barack obama , as strong 's warm-up act , did n't hit the podium until 10:20 p.m. ( strong got her turn at 10:45 . ) obama , as in past years , came out strong -- a tough act to follow for any comedian . he had strong comedy lines and delivered them with timing that many stand-up comics would envy . noting his lame-duck status , obama said his advisers asked him if he had a bucket list . `` i have something that rhymes with bucket list , '' he claimed to have replied . obama , noting the night 's guest speaker , said , `` on ' saturday night live , ' cecily impersonates cnn anchor brooke baldwin . '' then , after a brief but well-timed pause , he added , `` which is surprising , because usually , the only people impersonating journalists on cnn are journalists on cnn . '' obama was nailing his own punch lines frequently , and perfectly . then , to up the ante on his time at the podium , he welcomed his `` anger translator '' -- a recurring character played by keegan-michael key on comedy central 's `` key & peele . '' it was a clever surprise , and the crowd reacted with surprising enthusiasm ( i would n't have presumed most of them knew of key 's character or his series ) , though key 's jokes lost something in the translation , and did n't pack the punch of obama 's . but the bit ended with a great twist : obama himself getting so worked up about a snowball being carried into congress to denounce global warming that the president 's `` anger translator '' had to calm obama down instead . and then came cecily strong , with a sly opening line referring not only to her appearance as one of the few female guest speakers at the correspondents ' dinner , but to the upcoming 2016 presidential election . `` feels right , '' she said , `` to have a woman following president obama . '' from there , the crowd seemed as tough as advertised , with `` oohs '' often as loud as laughter , as strong went from one target to another . she even got `` oohs '' when her targets were outside the room , as when she said , noting how obama has aged visibly in office , `` your hair is so white now , it can talk back to the police . '' but the seemingly tepid response to strong 's routine may have been partly due to the late hour . she came on after not only the dinner service and obama , but after scholarship awards , correspondent awards and tributes and other bits of official business . and her routine was n't over until 11:08 p.m. -- making it a longer tv show than even the emmys . before the main event finally began , c-span filled the time scanning the room with its cameras , but providing only ambient sound with very few identifying voice-overs or prerecorded features . once in a while , you could see someone recognizable in the large , oddly eclectic crowd : tea leoni , ivanka trump , larry wilmore , jane pauley . for the most part , though , it was like playing a frustratingly difficult beltway game of spot-the-face-in-the-crowd -- a sort of `` who 's waldo ? '' and after a few hours watching a gaggle of people chat and eat , all i wanted to do was go home . and i was already home . but i stayed tuned , just so i could watch , and grade , the results . final tally : obama gets an a- , keegan-michael key a c , cecily strong a b- , and the entire telecast and event an a+ for democracy -- but a d as television .