( cnn ) in case you needed a reminder that president barack obama is n't running for office again , he just alienated not only republicans , who have largely resented him from day one , but the progressive base of democratic voters . obama has argued with the progressive potentate elizabeth warren , calling her `` wrong '' on trade policy . the massachusetts senator is the same potentate to whom hillary clinton has been religiously prostrating . what everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections and the future of democratic politics . warren has publicly criticized so-called `` fast track '' trade authority that would allow the white house to negotiate massive , multination trade deals with little congressional oversight . the authority would pave the way for trade pacts such as the trans-pacific partnership , which is modeled on the north american free trade agreement , and has killed 700,000 american jobs and drove wages down in the united states while simultaneously decimating mexican agriculture and small businesses . aspects of the tpp deal would provide incentives for off-shoring jobs to low-wage countries , imposing limits on government regulations around food safety and the environment , and create mechanisms for multinational corporations to challenge any domestic laws they simply do n't like . in december , warren wrote a letter signed by several other democrats to u.s. trade representative michael froman raising concerns about the tpp . the letter warned that the tpp could erode safeguards that have been put in place to `` prevent future financial crises . '' `` we can not afford a trade deal that undermines the government 's ability to protect the american economy , '' warren wrote . at a town hall with msnbc 's chris matthews on tuesday , president obama said , `` i love elizabeth . we 're allies on a whole host of issues . but she 's wrong on this . '' obama added , `` when you hear folks make a lot of suggestions about how bad this trade deal is , when you dig into the facts , they are wrong . '' but `` i 'm right and she 's wrong '' does n't exactly come off as a thoughtful , let alone respectful , response to the policy critiques of one of the most trusted economic justice leaders in the democratic party today . meanwhile , hillary clinton is trying to walk a fine line somewhere in the middle . clinton has recently courted warren 's support while forcefully repeating the rhetoric of populism . but according to a report by the new york times , clinton 's staff is at pains to suggest that clinton has always been a populist as opposed to merely trying to now co-opt a current trend . yet it becomes harder to paint clinton as the `` original elizabeth warren '' each time she equivocates on trade policy and the tpp . in a 2012 speech as secretary of state , clinton praised the tpp as `` the gold standard in trade agreements to open free , transparent , fair trade , the kind of environment that has the rule of law and a level playing field . '' but now , as she campaigns for president facing a democratic electorate divided over the deal , clinton is sounding more critical . `` any trade deal has to produce jobs and raise wages and increase prosperity and protect our security , '' clinton said this week . so does clinton support the tpp deal or not ? campaigning in new hampshire on tuesday , clinton reportedly declined to say one way or the other . that 's not the behavior of a fierce populist . it 's more indicative of the sort of politically calculated , ideologically centrist `` triangulation '' for which her husband was famous . seizing on clinton 's ambiguity , her potential challenger in the democratic primary , martin o'malley , released a video this week making clear that he is against the tpp . according to a poll , as of 2012 just 1 in 4 americans believed that nafta had benefited u.s. workers and only 1 in 3 believed it had benefited the u.s. economy overall . even most republicans in this poll supported the position that the united states should either `` renegotiate '' or `` leave '' nafta versus `` continue to be a member . '' in other words , any political leader with even the dimmest grasp of economics let alone political pragmatism should run away from a new trade deal modeled on imitating and expanding nafta . while it 's not surprising that republicans are siding with big business and against working americans in supporting the tpp , it 's befuddling that president obama supports it . the only hope now is for 2016 democratic candidates , especially clinton at this point , to support populism not just in rhetoric but in real policy terms and show which party is , for the most part , on the side of the people and not on the side of multinational corporations . senate majority leader harry reid minced no words in revealing his position about trade `` fast track '' authority : `` i 'm not only no , i 'm hell no . '' if hillary clinton wants to prove she 's a real populist , now 's her chance to be even more clear .