( cnn ) the united states is failing its partners . if you want to understand one of the reasons that terrorism has been allowed to spread , it is that the majority of our partners do not have credible and capable special operations forces to respond to and defeat the current threat -- and we 're not doing nearly enough to address the problem . the trouble is that little of our foreign military financing -- including the recent counterterrorism partnership funds -- goes toward this vital facet in our efforts to counter extremism . as a result , violent extremists are making troubling gains . it 's not because we do n't recognize the problem -- nor that we do n't talk the talk . the 2015 national security strategy speaks to the importance of american-led partnerships , while the 2014 quadrennial defense review noted that we `` will rebalance our counterterrorism efforts toward greater emphasis on building partnership capacity . '' despite this apparent recognition , the united states is not where it needs to be and instead finds itself constantly responding to crises instead of heading them off because of the failure to prioritize long-term investment in special operations units in key partner nations . as a result of this neglect , since the attacks of september 11 , 2001 , we have seen deadly terrorist attacks not just in the middle east , but also in indonesia , india and sub-saharan africa . just look at the case of kenya . on september 21 , 2013 , al-shabaab jihadists attacked the westgate mall in nairobi , executing dozens of unarmed men , women , and children . less than two years later , at garissa university , al-shabaab jihadists attacked university dormitories , butchering almost 150 people . the perpetrators were separating the christians from the muslims and systemically executing the christians before detonating their suicide vests . during both incidents , the kenyan forces ' response was horribly executed . sadly , kenya is not the exception -- and it is by no means the only country missing out on vital u.s. assistance . in 2015 , u.s. taxpayers are providing $ 5.65 billion in foreign military finance , the majority of which is going to israel and egypt . kenya , meanwhile , was slated to receive a mere $ 1.2 million . nigeria , which is grappling with the rising threat of violent extremists in the shape of boko haram , has been afforded only $ 600,000 . simply put , the united states is spreading foreign military assistance too thin , while also failing to make necessary long-term commitments . it takes years to build special operations forces with credible capabilities . but although it is a worthwhile investment in terms of resources and energy , u.s. security assistance is not supporting enduring programs that build credible special operations partners . the reality is that we are not selling or giving our partners the capabilities that are critical to defeating the imminent threats they face today in hybrid warfare . we are also failing to develop long-term programs of record , bringing to bear all elements of national power as we did with plan colombia . this program , as well as the recent u.s. mission to support our filipino partners against abu sayyaf , demonstrates the power of a persistent presence by u.s. special forces when coupled with long-term funding and true interagency cooperation . true , the section 1206 global train and equip program fulfills some needs , but money from the program only provides limited support -- it is an annual appropriation for `` new and emerging '' counterterrorist operations or to support military and stability operations in which the u.s. armed forces are a participant . another program that builds special operations capacity , the joint combined exchange and training program , is also insufficient because it is ad hoc and meant to train u.s. forces first and foremost , not our partners . with all this in mind , it is clearly time for congress to step in and develop a dedicated program that builds out special operations in key nations to help bring the fight to the violent extremists in their own backyards . by investing everywhere , we are investing nowhere , which is why we need to make choices about where the united states and its allies will see maximum benefit . the united states has a choice -- reinforce failure and keep doing what we are doing or change course while we still have time . but to get this right , congress needs to start out by conducting hearings to find out in detail what current programs are providing to defeat imminent threats . this will mean asking the departments of state and defense to lay out a detailed budget with necessary metrics to show what capabilities these programs will provide to counter hybrid threats and when those capabilities will be complete . at the same time , congress needs to move beyond annual appropriations so that state and defense planners can do their job , too . attacks such as mumbai and westgate are easy to plan , do not require large amounts of ordinance and can be done in almost any location in the world -- we can expect to see a lot more of these . but with competent and capable partners who are interoperable with other special operations forces and law enforcement , we can start to make progress . it goes without saying that special operations forces are not a panacea for defeating terrorism , the causes of which are complex and diverse . but having credible special operations forces is a great first step . and for many of our partner nations , the special operations capability we give them may be the best chance they have at protecting their populations from extremists at home .