( cnn ) hillary clinton 's campaign-in-waiting met on saturday in its brooklyn headquarters , a day before the former secretary of state officially announces her campaign for president , according to a democrat who attended the meeting . robby mook , clinton 's soon-to-be campaign manager , distributed a `` values statement '' at the meeting that outlined what the campaign will stand for , what their goals are and how they plan to win -- something clinton failed to do in 2008 . the campaign 's purpose , the document states , is `` to give every family , every small business , and every american a path to lasting prosperity by electing hillary clinton the next president of the united states . '' the document makes clear that the campaign will try to avoid mistakes that plagued clinton 's failed 2008 run . many of the `` guiding principles '' in the memo mention issues that sunk clinton 's first campaign . the document , according to the source , includes the ideas from mook , along with a wide array of clinton 's soon-to-be staffers and advisers . the memo maintains that the campaign must remain humble , disciplined and united , something voters in iowa and others states have said clinton did not do in 2008 . `` this campaign is not about hillary clinton and not about us , '' reads the document that was obtained by cnn . in the section about the campaign 's guiding principles , the document reads , `` we are humble : we take nothing for granted , we are never afraid to lose , we always outcompete and fight for every vote we can win . we know this campaign will be won on the ground , in states . '' it also calls on campaign staffers to remain `` disciplined '' and `` open to a diverse range of views . '' `` when we disagree , it 's never personal . once a decision is made , we execute it -- together , '' reads the memo . `` we know there will be tough days , but we will bounce back and get back to work . '' the document also appears to telegraph the name to clinton 's campaign : `` hillary for america . '' clinton is planning to launch her presidential candidacy on sunday through a video message on social media , according to democratic sources . shortly after her announcement , clinton will travel iowa and new hampshire , critical early caucus primary and caucus states .