( cnn ) the victory of a 72-year-old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics . buhari , who some 30 years ago was nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been . swath . but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history . and the fact that the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites . for too long , nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth . the cancer of corruption has to be cut out . i visited nigeria in january and found a country under siege . abuja , the capital city , is where the rich have always imagined themselves making their last stand . soldiers guard the treacherous motorways ; houses are compounds covered in barbed wire . it 's a place where poor children rise at dawn to sift through the trash cans for food and black magic is practiced by the side of the road at dusk . yet thanks to nigeria 's oil , there is also tremendous wealth in abuja . and when you do n't really make money but simply take it from the soil and sell it , a crude kind of crony capitalism develops in which who you know is far more important than what you know . graft trickles down through the system ; through family , through patronage and through shady deals done with foreign businessmen at the 24-hour party palace at the abuja hilton hotel . the richest buy off the anger of the poorest , and vast swaths of society become complicit in the crime . for a while , that system brought some stability to the government of jonathan . but stability was contingent upon oil remaining at $ 110 a barrel , and in recent months the price has collapsed to below $ 50 a barrel . lacking funds , the government could no longer promise jobs to voters and had to start thinking creatively about serious economic development . one was the massive privatization of the power system , a sensible idea that promised to take energy provision out of the hands of a broken state and give it to businessmen to run . the problem is that costly investment and redevelopment did n't come soon enough : millions were left without power and the government 's few bold attempts at reform smacked of betrayal . the problem of corruption went hand-in-glove with the rise of terrorism . nigeria is not a natural , comfortable nation state ; it 's composed of many ethnicities and two major competing religions . the south is dominated by christians like jonathan , the north by muslims like buhari . and the north has witnessed a brutal , bloody terrorist insurgency led by boko haram , which translates as `` western education is forbidden . '' westerners might assume that boko haram 's major target is the christian south but , in fact , its war is as much against nonfundamentalist muslims as it is non-muslims , and its attacks have generally been focused on islamic population centers . failure to deal with this has not entirely been due to boko haram 's strategic ingenuity . previous administrations have simply been too dysfunctional to fight a war on terror . in 2010 , for instance , the government awarded a $ 470 million contract to provide security in abuja . few of the promised cameras were installed , yet the money was still paid in full . and soldiers sent to the front report being poorly equipped . the government is thought to have resorted to trying to purchase arms on the international black market , according to news reports -- although this is the kind of story that is hard to verify due to bans on granting visas to foreign journalists ( i was in nigeria as a consultant on a business visa ) . what is directly observable is that while the government proved capable of providing security in some areas , in others it utterly failed . and the jonathan government might have benefited from the boko haram terrorist emergency continuing in muslim centers , for the muslims were far more likely to vote for buhari . for buhari to win , he had to draw large numbers of votes in christian areas -- and there , again , a western prejudice is challenged . the victory of a muslim candidate in nigeria does not represent the victory of islamism , as we have so often been told by those skeptical of the ability of the muslim world to govern itself . on the contrary , buhari is associated with an earlier period in nigerian history when the army was relatively well paid and respected . he ran the country in the early 1980s along dictatorial lines , for sure . but he also ran a war against indiscipline when in power in which civil servants who were late to work were ordered to do frog jumps , drug dealers were publicly executed , and some 474 politicians and business were arrested on charges of corruption . buhari was removed in a coup , and he left office with the rare distinction of not having made very much money from it . now he has won the presidency promising to tackle those intertwined problems of boko haram and corruption . get the army functioning properly again , nigerians hope , and it will be able to drive back the fundamentalists . buhari has his critics , many of whom charge him with misrepresenting his cv and being a closet authoritarian . but they can not deny that he has won this historic victory because he has touched a chord with a people exhausted by years of misrule . you can only bribe the voters for so long before the squalor becomes too much to bear .