washington ( cnn ) rick santorum says he 'd hoped indiana gov . mike pence would veto the `` fix '' to his state 's religious freedom law rather than limiting its scope . the law unleashed an intense backlash against indiana , led by tech giants like apple and salesforce and sports organizations like the ncaa , amid concerns it would allow businesses to turn away gay and lesbian customers . santorum , the former republican senator from pennsylvania , who is likely to mount another presidential campaign in 2016 , said on cbs ' `` face the nation '' on sunday that pence 's decision to sign a follow-up bill -- which made clear the law could n't be used to refuse services based on sexual orientation -- led to a `` limited view '' of religious freedom . `` it does n't really open the debate up on some of the more current issues , '' santorum said -- a reference to gay rights issues . with the supreme court set to rule in june on whether same-sex marriage should be legalized nationwide , social conservatives like santorum have asserted that christian bakers , florists and wedding photographers should n't be forced to provide their services to same-sex weddings . the indiana uproar drew nearly all of the gop 's 2016 contenders into the debate , with candidates like jeb bush , marco rubio and ted cruz rushing to pence 's defense . `` tolerance is a two-way street , '' santorum said . `` if you 're a print shop and you are a gay man , should you be forced to print ' god hates fags ' for the westboro baptist church because they hold those signs up ? '' santorum said . `` should the government force you to do that ? '' he said . `` and that 's what these cases are all about . this is about the government coming in saying , ' no -- we 're going to make you do this . ' and this is where i think we just need some space to say , ' let 's have some tolerance -- have it be a two-way street . ' '' gay rights groups , meanwhile , have used the outrage over indiana 's law -- as well as a similar one that arkansas gov . asa hutchinson signed into law -- and debate in at least 14 other states over similar measures this year to renew their calls for state laws that bar discrimination based on sexual orientation . sarah warbelow , the human rights campaign 's legal director , said the debate could shift to states like texas and south carolina , where similar bills have been introduced . she said tech companies like facebook and google are increasingly wading into the debate because they 're recognizing that `` nondiscrimination protections are critical to every area of their employees ' lives . '' cardinal timothy dolan , the archbishop of the catholic archdiocese in new york , said on nbc 's `` meet the press '' on sunday that the debate over religious freedom calls for a `` delicate balance . '' `` we 've got to make sure that the rights of conscience and the ability to publicly exercise one 's religion is also balanced with another good -- namely , the rights of people not to be discriminated against , '' he said . `` it 's easier to ignore religious freedom than it is , today , the more popular issues , '' dolan said . `` in a way , i appreciate the fact that we have political leaders like gov . pence that are saying , ' whoa , wait a minute . without questioning the rights of the gay community , we also have to make sure that the rights of the religious community are protected . ' '' `` i just wish we could do that in a temperate , civil way , instead of screaming at each other , '' he said .