( cnn ) police added attempted murder to the list of charges against the mother of a quadriplegic man who was left in the woods for days , philadelphia police spokeswoman christine o'brien said tuesday . nyia parler can not be extradited to face the charges in philadelphia until she completes an unspecified `` treatment , '' maryland police said monday . when she does arrive , she will be charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , recklessly endangering another person and related offenses , in addition to the attempted murder count , o'brien said . the montgomery county ( maryland ) department of police took parler , 41 , into custody sunday after philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in maryland . a man walking through the woods found him friday `` lying in leaves , covered in a blanket with a bible and a wheelchair nearby , '' philadelphia police say . citing federal health care privacy laws , montgomery county police spokesman capt . paul starks said he could not divulge why parler was receiving treatment , but he said she had to complete it before she could be extradited . she remained in treatment as of tuesday morning , starks told cnn . if she chooses not to challenge her extradition , she will be transported to philadelphia once the treatment is complete , he said . for more than four days , police say , the quadriplegic man , who also suffers from cerebral palsy , was left lying in the woods of philadelphia 's cobbs creek park . low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week , and rain was reported in the area wednesday and thursday . the man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park , but philadelphia police lt. john walker told reporters that the man 's mother left him there the morning of april 6 . starks identified the mother as parler on monday . `` the mother went to visit her boyfriend down in maryland , over in montgomery county , and we believe she placed the child into cobbs creeks park , '' walker said at a news conference . walker told cnn the man was transported to presbyterian hospital , but cnn affiliates reported he was being treated at the children 's hospital of philadelphia . he suffered eye problems , dehydration , malnutrition and a cut to his back that raised infection concerns , the lieutenant told reporters . `` this kid 's obviously a fighter , '' walker said during a saturday news conference . `` it 's just unbelievable how we found him out there last night . to see that kid laying there , it 's heartbreaking to see another human , especially a mother , can treat someone like that . '' officials at philadelphia 's school of the future , which the man attends , became concerned when he did n't show up for classes last week and tried to contact his mother but eventually reached an aunt , philadelphia police said . `` the aunt was in contact via text message with nyia throughout the week and when she expressed her concerns about the complainant , nyia replied , ' we 're ok , ' which the aunt believed meant that the victim was with nyia in maryland , '' according to a police news release . when police tracked down the mother , she told them her son was with her , walker said . `` she indicated to both family members and the police officers that the child was with her down with her boyfriend in maryland , '' he said . the boyfriend was not aware of what happened , walker told cnn affiliate kyw-tv . walker told reporters she bore `` clear criminal liability in this case . '' there was no reason for the man to suffer , walker told philly.com , because the mother had sisters willing to take care of him . two of his aunts , who have tried to obtain guardianship of him , were staying with him at the hospital , police told the website . parler 's sister told police that parler has another child , a 16-year-old . the mother 's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation , walker told reporters . authorities are interested in learning more about `` how this kid was cared for , and what actions were taken and providing of services by different agencies . '' cnn 's chuck johnston and carma hassan contributed to this report .