( cnn ) thousands of palestinians are trapped in the devastated yarmouk refugee camp in syria , which has mostly been seized by groups including isis , activists report . the london-based syrian observatory for human rights says isis and the al qaeda-affiliated al-nusra front took control of 90 % of the camp in southern damascus . calling the lives of yarmouk refugees `` profoundly threatened '' on sunday , the united nations relief and works agency issued a statement urging humanitarian aid access . `` never has the hour been more desperate in the palestine refugee camp of yarmouk , '' the statement said . the unrwa estimates 18,000 civilians remain trapped in the camp that has been engulfed in fighting between the government and rebel forces since december 2012 . syria 's state-run sana news agency reports up to 2,000 people have fled in the past two days as food , water and medical supplies remain scarce . `` all people are trying to leave the camp , '' says syrian activist abu mohammed in damascus who used to live in yarmouk . `` there is no electricity , '' says mohammed . `` isis controls the hospital so injured people have nowhere to go . '' the syrian observatory for human rights reports barrel bombs were dropped on the camp sunday as clashes continued . the palestine liberation organization called on international bodies to assist in the evacuation of people from the camp . `` reports of kidnappings , beheadings and mass killings are coming out from al- yarmouk , which is under a brutal campaign of murder and occupation , '' palestine liberation organization executive committee member dr. saeb erekat said saturday . yarmouk , the largest palestinian refugee camp in syria , was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the arab-israeli conflict . `` the levels of humanity that we have seen have now descended into further levels of inhumanity , '' said chris gunness , spokesman for the unrwa . yarmouk , he added , `` was always a place where human rights meant very little . we are seeing it descend further . '' cnn 's samira said contributed to this report .