( cnn ) would you want a tv program about your family history to include details of a distant , long-deceased relative who had owned slaves ? seriously , who in their right mind would want to be tarnished by the sins of an ancestor you had no connection to other than a remote bloodline ? i would n't , and neither did ben affleck , who lobbied producers of a pbs show , `` finding your roots , '' to remove any reference to his great-great-great grandfather benjamin cole , a georgia slave owner in the mid-1800 's , in an episode that looked at affleck 's family history . ( affleck revealed cole 's name wednesday night . ) here 's the thing that might surprise many , given the tendency of the media to exploit any potentially scandalous material : the show 's producer , harvard professor henry louis gates jr. , apparently acquiesced to affleck 's request , because when the episode aired in october 2014 , there was no mention of the star 's slave-owning ancestor . affleck 's attempt to alter the content of the program only publicly became known a few days ago after wikileaks released hacked emails revealing an exchange between gates and sony pictures chief michael lynton . when gates asked how he should respond to affleck 's request to delete the material , lynton responded , `` all things being equal , i would definitely take it out . '' and on tuesday , affleck , via facebook , admitted that he had urged gates to excise any reference to his slave-owning relative . affleck explained , `` i did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves . i was embarrassed . the very thought left a bad taste in my mouth . '' now gates has publicly denied that he made his decision about the content of the program based on affleck 's request , but it seems likely that he did . after all , affleck noted as much in his facebook post , writing that gates `` agreed with me on the slave owner but made other choices i disagreed with . '' and three other celebrities profiled on the series last season were shown to have been related to slave owners . so it 's unlikely that it was simply happenstance that it left out any reference to affleck 's familial slave ownership connection . in any event , pbs has launched an internal review to determine if the show violated its own editorial standards . whatever the results of the review , affleck and gates did the right thing . let 's be clear : `` finding your roots '' is not an investigative news show ; it 's an entertainment program . in fact , as affleck noted , much of the material is provided directly by the celebrity being profiled . it 's not `` 60 minutes '' but more in the nature of a sophisticated profile of celebrities , using their marquee names to attract viewers . there 's not even a hint that affleck strong-armed the producers or made any type of threats against them if they included the information . in the emails between gates and lynton , which they presumably believed at the time were confidential and would remain so , there was no mention of undue pressure by affleck . instead , gates simply noted that affleck `` asked us to edit out something . '' after the emails were revealed , gates issued a statement , saying , `` ultimately , i maintain editorial control on all of my projects and , with my producers , decide what will make for the most compelling program . in the case of mr. affleck we focused on what we felt were the most interesting aspects of his ancestry -- including a revolutionary war ancestor , a third great-grandfather who was an occult enthusiast , and his mother who marched for civil rights during the freedom summer of 1964 . '' my view would be different if affleck had a history of uttering racist remarks or engaging in racist conduct . that would have made the information truly newsworthy . but instead we have a man known for championing progressive causes , which i 'm sure made him even more acutely sensitive that some on the right might possibly use this information against him in the future . perhaps that 's what affleck meant in his facebook post when he wrote that this information made him feel `` vulnerable . '' affleck has noted that he regrets asking pbs to not include information about his `` distant relative . '' that 's a nice gesture , but it was not needed . affleck had every right to ask for the information about a long-deceased distant relative to be left out of the show . and pbs had the choice to include it or leave it out . i applaud pbs for doing the right thing at a time when media outlets rarely show any restraint on the lives of people in the public eye .