obock , djibouti ( cnn ) amina ali qassim is sitting with her youngest grandchild on her lap , wiping away tears with her headscarf . only a few months old , this is the baby girl whose ears she desperately tried to cover the night the aerial bombardment started . she lay awake , she says , in a village mosque on the yemeni island of birim , counting explosions as the baby cried . it could have been worse though . they could have still been in their house when the first missile landed . `` our neighbor shouted to my husband ' you have to leave , they 're coming . ' and we just ran . as soon as we left the house , the first missile fell right by it and then a second on it . it burned everything to the ground , '' qassim tells us . qassim and her family fled birim at first light , piling in with three other families . twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the bab al-mandab strait to djibouti . bab al-mandab is one of the busiest waterways in the world , a thoroughfare for oil tankers and cargo ships . it 's now being crossed by desperate yemenis in rickety fishing boats seeking refuge from the conflict threatening to engulf their country . qassim 's son mohamed describes the families ' journey across this part of the red sea as `` a window into hell . '' `` the women were violently ill , '' he tells us . `` it was a catastrophe . '' it took them five hours to cross into the north of djibouti , where the government is providing the refugees with temporary shelter in this unfinished orphanage here in obock . and the u.n. says thousands more refugees are expected . qassim and her family will soon have to move to the plastic tents that have been prepared for them on the dusty outskirts of the town , taking with them only the collection of plastic mats and pots neatly stacked in the corner . it 's all that remains of everything they once owned . her two daughters are trapped back in yemen , in taiz . she has n't been able to reach them and the worry she says is almost unbearable . i ask her how many days it was after the saudi aerial bombardment began that they left . she looks at me and laughs , `` how many days would you have stayed ? '' then she goes quiet , looking down at the granddaughter in her lap . finally she tells me , `` i thought she would never be able to stop screaming . that the fear would stay with her forever . '' `` may god please have mercy on yemen . ''