( billboard ) from channing tatum twerking for jennifer lopez to host amy schumer 's archery fail , there were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 mtv movie awards . 2015 mtv movie awards : see the full winners list . here are the jokes , performances and moments that hit the target and the ones and missed it . best moments . amy schumer 's opener : from a `` boyhood '' /hpv joke to nearly flashing j.k. simmons to her run-in with a cancer support group , schumer 's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her comedy central show ( which ca n't come back on tv soon enough ) . plus , her monologue killed : `` half of you know who i am , half of you think i 'm meghan trainor . '' channing tatum doing his thing : when the cast of `` magic mike xxl '' presented j.lo with the scared as shit performance award , she asked them exactly what we were all thinking : `` why are n't you dancing ? '' channing tatum obliged , popping a twerk ( in a suit ) onstage in front of lopez . `` your turn , '' he told her . sadly , she did not oblige . amy schumer takes on hillary clinton , zayn malik and more in monologue . rebel wilson 's censored moment : introducing an exclusive clip from `` pitch perfect 2 '' as an `` exclusive clit '' was easily the funniest non-schumer joke of the entire night . even her castmates seemed shocked when she slipped it in . fall out boy meets fetty wap : `` centuries '' did n't need a rap breakdown , nor did `` trap queen '' need a punk-rock edge . but did it sound killer on both counts ? hell yeah . fetty with an electric guitar is something that needs to happen again . charli xcx , ty dolla $ ign & tinashe : there 's a reason charli gets invited to every mtv awards show : she attacks a pop song with the abandon of a rock ' n ' roll tidal wave . `` drop that kitty '' was tinashe 's time to shine , though . it 's only a shame she got about 30 seconds to command the stage . kiss cam : amy schumer sensuously kissing amber rose just before a commercial break ? well played , amy . kevin hart 's comedic genius award : while kimmel 's intro jokes were a little one-note ( we get it , kevin is short ) , it was pretty adorable that hart brought his kids onstage to accept his golden popcorn . as his son held it , you realized the award was bigger than the kid 's head . mtv movie awards : see all the photos . robert downey jr. accepting generation award : his speech was fine ( kudos for the `` keep your nose clean '' quip ) , but his avengers castmates taking a knee while he accepted his award was just perfect . misfires . archery fail : schumer 's bow-and-arrow misfire was a literal misfire . it was n't a big deal , but the fact that it ruined an entire gag ( with jimmy kimmel pretending to get shot in the chest ) was naturally awkward . of course , schumer poked fun at herself almost immediately . `` gone girl '' joke : `` how good was gone girl ? it 's the story of what one crazed white woman -- or every latina -- does when a man cheats on them , '' schumer joked . it was n't awful , just kinda off . mtv immediately cut to j.lo laughing like `` ummm , ok '' -- which is an accurate response . vin diesel sings ' furious 7 ' paul walker tribute song at mtv movie awards . shailene woodley speech : woodley definitely marches to the beat of her own drum , which is part of her appeal . but halfway through her trailblazer award acceptance speech , the neo-hippie charm wore off , leaving most people wondering what she was trying to say . one of those wondering where she was going was woodley herself , who wrapped up her speech by admitting it had totally gotten away from her . zac efron and dave franco : was the punchline for their whole shtick really just efron grabbing franco 's balls ? yes . apparently , a man touching another man 's junk is still comedy gold in 2015 . dwayne johnson : the rock shouting into the camera about 2014 's movie highlights was totally unnecessary . at this point , mtv has to realize we 've heard jokes about `` american sniper '' , `` gone girl '' , `` boyhood '' and `` whiplash '' for almost a year now , and we 're all ready to move on . but god bless the rock for giving it his all .