( cnn ) the arizona police officer who intentionally slammed his car into an armed suspect previously faced an excessive force lawsuit in new york , according to court documents . officer michael rapiejko was with the new york police department from 2003 to 2006 . two years after he left , he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who alleged that rapiejko pointed a gun and threatened to shoot him and handcuffed and choked him in front of his family during a 2005 arrest . the lawsuit said luis colon had parked his car and gotten out when rapiejko , with his gun aimed at colon , ordered him back into the car . during his arrest on charges of obstructing governmental administration , disorderly conduct and resisting arrest , colon alleged he was yanked from the car , handcuffed and choked . the charges against colon were dropped six months later . colon also sued two unnamed officers who arrived after the initial confrontation , court documents show . colon and the city settled the suit for $ 20,000 . the settlement said the defendants were not admitting to any wrongdoing . rapiejko had resigned voluntarily in 2006 , and there is no indication of any disciplinary action against him from the nypd , a senior law enforcement official told cnn . the nypd has said that it will not release further details about rapiejko . rapiejko 's actions in marana , arizona , in which he drove his patrol car into a man who had fired a rifle in the air minutes earlier and before that had pointed the gun at another officer , have stirred debate about what type of force police should have used . authorities said no charges have been brought against the officer for the february incident . the suspect , 36-year-old mario valencia , survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged . marana police chief terry rozema was asked wednesday on cnn 's `` new day '' whether police were fortunate that valencia did n't die . `` that very well may be ... that it 's luck that he is still alive . the fact of the matter remains , though , deadly force was authorized , '' rozema said . `` so if he ends up dying in that situation , ( then ) he ends up dying , and that 's unfortunate , ( but ) that 's not the desire of everybody , '' the chief added . in one of the dashcam videos , an officer who was tailing a walking valencia at slow speed reports over the radio that the suspect has fired one round in the air with a rifle he is accused of stealing that morning from a nearby walmart . another patrol car zooms past , runs into the man from behind , then hits a short cinder block wall next to a driveway . video from rapiejko 's camera shows the officer 's vehicle running into valencia , with the windshield smashing as the car hits the wall . police in marana justified rapiejko 's actions . `` we do n't know that if ( rapiejko ) lets him go for another 10 seconds , ( valencia ) does n't take somebody out in the parking lot , '' rozema said . `` and then we 're answering some completely different questions : ' why did n't you act sooner ? ... this guy had a gun ... why did n't you stop this guy before he shot my wife , before he shot my husband , before he shot my child ? ' `` valencia 's attorney , michelle cohen-metzger , told cnn on tuesday that `` it is miraculous that my client is n't dead . '' `` everything in the video seems to point towards an obvious excessive use of force , '' cohen-metzger said . tucson police sgt . pete dugan told cnn that valencia was involved in several crimes there the day he was struck , including a stealing a car that he drove a half hour north to marana . valencia faces 15 charges , including three counts of aggravated assault , three counts of armed robbery and possession of a deadly weapon by a prohibited possessor . cohen-metzger said he had a prior record . his next court appearance is may 18 . he is in the pima county jail . marana police on thursday told cnn 's miguel marquez that a store gun lock was still on the rifle when it was recovered . the wire that goes through the trigger and the lever to reload the gun were loose enough to allow it to still be used , police said . cnn 's tony marco , jason hanna and dominique debucquoy-dodley contributed to this report .