( cnn ) it is not hard to imagine the conversations inside the hillary clinton camp prelaunch : how do we take the best known woman in the world and make her seem like less of a big shot ? how can the people in iowa and new hampshire get to know the `` real hillary , '' the midwestern methodist ? ( as a friend told me , she 's someone who `` likes to sing ' god bless america ' on new year 's eve . '' ) and how to open the minds of people about someone everyone already has an opinion about ? same questions , no doubt , that the staff asked in 2008 when she ran against the newbie barack obama , and same questions they asked when , as first lady , she ran for the senate in new york . in that race , she ended up spending a lot of all-ears quality time in upstate new york . in this race , she could be spending a lot of all-you-can-eat time at diners , drive-ins and dives — just like the tv show . ( except guy fieri would probably have been recognized by the crowd at chipotle . just sayin . ' ) dining aside , it 's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician . all the gauzy ads and the small classrooms and the coffee shops ca n't mask the houdini-like effort hillary clinton is making to escape the inescapable reality -- that even her `` scooby-doo '' van is followed by throngs of press . ( i half imagined an o.j . moment with a helicopter hovering as she made her way down i-80 . ) try as she might to launch with a humble start — not entitled to anything — she still is who she is . virtually unchallenged . not to mention famous , accomplished and controversial . in watching it all unfold , it 's hard to underestimate the task at hand . it 's also hard to figure out whether it 's actually going to work . hillary clinton — and her experienced campaign team — are disciplined and relentlessly on message . that 's usually a good thing when you 're running a presidential campaign . but when you 're sitting at a community college in iowa and you tick off your rationale for running and your resume — unprompted — it seems less effective and more oddly incongruent . ( especially when the former secretary of state described her tenure in five words — as `` standing up for our country . '' short shrift , it seems to me . ) maybe it 's that the old lessons of message discipline do n't work in the informal environment the campaign is trying to create — at least not with this candidate . the hardest combination in politics is that just-right mixture of spontaneity and discipline . the ability to understand exactly what you have to say ( over and over ) and then say it as if you have never said it before . and look like you 're having a great time doing it . we like to call it authenticity , but it 's probably not . it 's a honed skill that combines connection and gravitas , both of which the voters demand in a president . ( a majority of voters -- 53 % -- say they want to vote for someone who has been financially successful , as opposed to someone who has not . ) so there 's this balance : if you 're too much like them , you 're nothing special to vote for . but if you 're too different , you 're not relatable . it 's a balance that does n't come easily to hillary clinton . but she 's not alone . when president george h.w . bush was running for re-election in 1992 , he was facing his own image issues . his populist challengers were calling him insensitive to middle class woes in the struggling state of new hampshire . bush tried mightily to drop the presidential persona , did some town halls , and famously declared : `` message : i care . '' some said he actually read it from a cue card , but he also said this : `` i do n't know what i have to do to convince people here that i really care about this ( the economy ) . i do . '' he lost . to an empathetic i-feel-your-pain bill clinton . and the rest , as they say , is history . or , in hillary 's case , at least trying to make history .