shanghai , china ( cnn ) with a well-paid job in finance and his own apartment , li lifei is living the chinese dream . but there 's one missing ingredient -- his own car . the 26-year old has his eye on a volkswagen tiguan but shanghai , like many large chinese cities , rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies . to register for a license plate auction , prospective car buyers like li must put down a deposit in exchange for disc containing software they can use to bid online . the auctions take place once a month on a saturday morning . `` i 've been trying for six months with no success , '' li told cnn . to boost his chances , li upgraded the speed of his internet connection from 10 to 50 mbps but to no avail . each month there are around 10,000 license plates available . at the most recent auction on saturday , li said the final price was 80,600 yuan ( $ 13,000 ) -- around three times the price of a cheap chinese car and a third of what li plans to spend on his suv . it 's possible to get a temporary license , but that has to be renewed every month , and li says he does n't want to use a huangniu , or middleman , some of whom employ hundreds of bidders to obtain the coveted registration . `` i know people who 've been trying for more than a year , '' he said . another option would be to buy a hybrid vehicle that automatically qualifies for a license plate -- a selling point not lost on the car manufacturers showing their latest models and concepts at the shanghai auto show this week . toyota , volkswagen and volvo all launched gasoline-electric hybrids for the chinese market at the show , while chinese manufacturer byd has been an early pioneer of electric and hybrid cars . `` the infrastructure ( charging stations ) for electric vehicles is not quite there yet but that 's the advantage of a hybrid -- you can have both , '' said volvo ceo hakan samuelsson . but chinese drivers have n't wholeheartedly embraced the concept . even though china overtook the united states as the world 's largest car market in 2009 , sales of electric and hybrid vehicles , while increasing quickly , still lag behind the u.s. , where more than 100,000 were sold last year . and it 's thought many are sold to local authorities and state industries , which are responding to central government directives . few chinese have american-style garages where the vehicles can be charged overnight . li said he thought it would be inconvenient . `` i do n't want a hybrid car . i thought maybe a tesla but it 's too expensive , '' he said , referring to the hyper luxury electric sports car developed by elon musk that has seen weak sales in china . for others , the hassles of buying and owning a car have become too much and some affluent city dwellers are spurning cars . shanghai resident lei gu , 35 , learned to drive as a student and microsoft employee in seattle and loved driving her compact geo on the open u.s. roads . but when she returned to china nine years ago , she chose not to purchase a car . `` i used to love driving but i do n't think i could drive here even if i wanted to . `` even though we have traffic rules , people do n't follow them . i can barely cross the street . '' she 's also put off by the congested traffic and the high cost of parking . if shanghai 's extensive subway system does n't take her where she wants to go , she uses a popular uber-like taxi app -- or rents a car . she 's not alone . a recent report by consultants bain & company suggested that even though china 's love affair with the car began late , it may already be souring . of 2,137 people it surveyed , some 40 % said cars were losing their appeal as a status symbol . gu says luxury cars like bmws and mercedes are still an important way to `` show face '' among many of her friends . `` if you 've been working for 10 years and do n't have a car , people might wonder if you have financial problems , '' she said . but she prefers to spend her money on other things like traveling abroad . `` i do care about face but there are other ways to show it . ''