washington ( cnn ) one former employee of the private blackwater worldwide security company was sentenced monday to life in prison and three others to 30 years each behind bars for their roles in a 2007 mass shooting in baghdad that left 17 people dead . a federal jury convicted the four in october after a lengthy trial that saw some 30 witnesses travel from iraq to testify against the security contractors . prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashed `` powerful sniper fire , machine guns and grenade launchers on innocent men , women and children . '' senior u.s. district court judge royce lamberth sentenced blackwater sniper nicholas slatten to a term of life in prison , mandatory for his first-degree murder conviction . blackwater workers paul slough , evan liberty and dustin heard were sentenced to 30 year each , plus one day . slough was convicted of 13 counts of voluntary manslaughter , 17 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense . the jury convicted liberty of eight counts of voluntary manslaughter , 12 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense . heard was found guilty of six counts of voluntary manslaughter , 11 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense . according to prosecutors , the four were among seven blackwater employees who opened fire in the nusoor square traffic circle in baghdad , killing 17 people . an fbi investigation found 14 of the deaths unjustified , according to rules of engagement for private security contractors in iraq . slatten was accused of firing the first shots . survivors of shooting tell fbi their stories in 2007 . blackwater said its convoy came under attack , and defense attorneys said in court that witness accounts were fabricated . but witnesses testified that the contractors opened fire without provocation . `` it was horror , '' said hasan jaber , an attorney who was driving to work when he was shot three times . `` people running out of their cars were being shot at . ... anything that moved in nusoor square was shot . women , children , young people , they shot everyone . '' among the dead were two boys , 9 and 11 , a doctor , a used car salesman , a truck driver , a businessman , an iraqi soldier , a gardener , a taxi driver and an aspiring doctor taking his mother to an appointment , according to prosecutors . the parents and brothers of the 9-year-old victim were present in court during the sentencing hearing and spoke . ali razzaq 's father looked at the defendants and yelled in broken english : `` if i kill anyone in his family , what he do ? ! today , we will see who will win , the law or blackwater , '' he said . `` blackwater killed my son . '' dad in 2007 : blackwater blew up son 's and wife 's ' skulls ' . the defense presented character witnesses , family members and former colleagues who testified to the defendants ' capacity to work under fire and willingness to help others . each defendant also gave a closing statement . slatten addressed the court last , taking the opportunity to declare his innocence . lamberth rejected his argument . the judge said that the punishments reflected the seriousness of the crimes . he said that the u.s. government `` should be commended for finding and exposing the truth of what happened . '' blackwater incident witness in 2007 : ' it was hell ' . a few gasps were heard in the courtroom , and some crying . the case was initially dismissed in 2008 after a judge found the justice department withheld key evidence and violated the rights of the contractors . a federal appeals court reversed the ruling , paving the way for the two-month trial that ended in convictions for the four . another contractor , jeremy ridgeway , pleaded guilty in 2008 to voluntary manslaughter and attempt to commit manslaughter and testified for the government . he has not yet been sentenced . blackwater lost its $ 1 billion contract with the state department to protect american diplomatic personnel in 2009 , after the iraqi government refused to renew the company 's operating license . the company was later renamed and sold , and now operates as academi , providing protection services and training . 2007 congressional report : blackwater most often shoots first . wesley bruer reported in washington . michael pearson reported and wrote in atlanta .