( cnn ) by the time kim kardashian set out to `` break the internet '' in november last year , a photo by 23-year-old conor mcdonnell had already got there -- with a little help from kim 's music superstar husband kanye west . mcdonnell is the self-taught photography star behind instagram 's most liked photo , showing the couple 's embrace at their may wedding , which has earned more than 2.4 milllion `` likes '' to date . the liverpool native has had a breakneck rise to success since his first instagram post in november 2011 , snapping the likes of drake , justin bieber , one direction , mumford & sons , snoop dogg , and red hot chili peppers , while traveling the world on private planes . lasting relationships with stars ellie goulding and rita ora have followed , and candid snaps of the photographer 's globetrotting , access-all-areas life have seen him accumulate over 25,000 followers on his personal account . not bad for someone who told cnn ones to watch he started photography `` by accident . '' fresh from accompanying calvin harris on tour in south america , mcdonnell shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their instagram fan base and take great photos on the go . from finding the right lighting , to which filter to chose : play the instagram videos below to find out how to supercharge your pictures for social media success . `` good lighting for me makes a shot . if i 'm taking a portrait of someone , i 'd much prefer to use natural lighting than a light bulb or manufactured lighting ! '' `` i make use of the rule of thirds quite a lot : if you imagine the screen split up in three thirds , you place the subject in one corner . there 's a lot you can find about it on the internet . '' `` there 's a patch here of very bright light and just behind it there 's dark . trying to expose it right can be tricky but on the iphone you can do it quite well just by tapping the screen and dragging the exposure up and down . '' `` i 'll upload a photo to an app called snapseed , edit the brightness and contrast in that a little bit , export it . and then open in another app called vsco cam , which is my favorite app on my whole phone . '' `` on vsco cam there 's tons of filters , the one i use the most is probably `` p5 , '' then i can edit all sorts ... and once i 'm done i just export it and post it on instagram . '' `` i know photographers who use a lot of hashtags , and hashtags can work if you want to build up your follower base , because a lot more people will probably see a photo than if you did n't hashtag it . ''