( cnn ) it 's a warm afternoon in miami , and 35-year-old emanuel vega has come to baptist health primary care for a physical exam . dr. mark caruso shakes his hand with a welcoming smile . vega , a strapping man with a thick black beard , is feeling good , but he came to see the doctor today because his wife thought he should -- she even made the appointment . it is free to him under his insurance policy with no co-pay , as most preventive care is under the affordable care act . vega is one of more than 44 million americans who is taking part in a medical ritual : visiting the doctor for an annual physical exam . but there 's little evidence that those visits actually do any good for healthy adults . caruso listens to vega 's heart and lungs , checks his pulse in his ankles and feels around his lymph nodes . he also asks vega about his exercise and sleeping schedule and orders blood and urine tests . as long as everything checks out , caruso asks vega to return for another exam in a year . vega says he definitely will . it was a positive experience for both doctor and patient , and they 're not alone ; 92 percent of americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam , according to a kaiser family foundation poll ( khn is an editorially independent program of the foundation ) . and 62 percent of those polled said they went to the doctor every year for their exam . but the evidence is not on their side . `` i would argue that we should move forward with the elimination of the annual physical , '' says dr. ateev mehrotra , a primary care physician and a professor of health policy at harvard medical school . mehrotra says patients should really only go to the doctor if something is wrong , or if it 's time to have an important preventive test like a colonoscopy . he realizes popular opinion is against this view . `` when i , as a doctor , say i do not advocate for the annual physical , i feel like i 'm attacking moms and apple pie , '' mehrotra says . `` it seems so intuitive and straightforward , and [ it 's ] something that 's been part of medicine for such a long time . '' but he says randomized trials going back to the 1980s just do n't support it . the society for general internal medicine even put annual physicals on a list of things doctors should avoid for healthy adults . one problem , mehrotra says , is the cost . each visit usually costs insurers just $ 150 , but that adds up fast . `` we estimate that it 's about $ 10 billion a year , which is more than how much we spend as a society on breast cancer care , '' mehrotra says . `` it 's all a lot of money . '' and then there 's the risk that a doctor will run a test and find a problem that 's not actually there . it 's called a false positive , and it can lead to a cascade of follow-up tests that can be expensive and could even cause real harm . dr. michael rothberg is another primary care physician and a health researcher at the cleveland clinic . he generally avoids giving physicals . `` i generally do n't like to frighten people and i do n't like to give them diseases they do n't have , '' rothberg says . `` i mostly tell my family , ' if you 're feeling well , stay away from doctors . if you get near them , they 'll start to look for things and order tests because that 's what doctors do . ' `` `` the flip side of that is if you 're not feeling well , do n't keep it to yourself . do n't minimize it . do n't pretend it 's not there , '' he adds . rothberg says he still has patients who always schedule an annual exam . for those patients , he skips the physical aspects of the exam and focuses instead on talking to them about their dietary and exercise habits , possible risks , age-appropriate vaccinations and any screening tests they may need . the guidelines discouraging annual physicals are aimed specifically at asymptomatic adults . dr. david fleming , president of the american college of physicians , says it 's important for elderly patients to be seen on a regular basis , to `` do a full assessment of everything -- how they live at home , if the conditions are safe , are they at risk of falling ? they need a flu shots every year . this is a population where it 's definitely indicated . '' back in miami , caruso is also well versed in the research on annual physicals , but he still believes in them . `` i think having a look at somebody is worth its weight in gold , '' he says . it 's an important part of developing a relationship with a patient , he says , and there have been countless times when he 's found real problems during an exam just like the one he gave to vega . `` what if mr. vega had had a lump or bump that was n't right ? '' caruso asks . `` what if when he had his shirt off , mr. vega said , ' oh yeah , i forgot to mention this spot on my chest , ' and it ended up being a melanoma we discovered early ? '' and vega did end up needing a little help -- he has a bad back that 's landed him in the er several times . caruso was able to link him up with a back specialist to help him manage the problem . kaiser health news ( khn ) is a nonprofit national health policy news service .