( cnn ) the onslaught on houthis rebels in yemen continued tuesday , with the saudi-led coalition asserting increasing control while locals fled the chaos and casualties piled up -- dozens of civilians among them . five days after their first airstrikes , the coalition has destroyed air defense systems of the houthis and supporters of yemen 's longtime president ali abdullah saleh , and rendered all but a fraction of air bases and stripes unusable , a saudi source said . saudi arabia 's navy now controls all yemeni ports , allowing only closely watched non-military medical goods to pass its blockade , according to the source . this effort is n't over , including widespread attempts to locate and destroy scud missiles still in the country , the source said . the saudis appear intent on seeing it through , as evidenced by remarks from saudi foreign minister saud al-faisal in riyadh . `` the houthi militia and agents of the former president -- supported by iran -- insist to meddle in yemen , reshuffle the cards , rob the yemeni will , make a coup against the constitutional legitimacy and reject all peaceful solutions , '' al-faisal said , according to the state-run saudi press agency . `` we are not warmongers , '' he added . `` but if war 's drums are beaten , we are ready for them . '' the airstrikes -- the latest focused around aden , taiz and coastal cities -- come at a cost , and not just to houthi rebel fighters . the international red cross said that intense fighting had brought `` disturbing reports of civilian casualties , '' with some of the worst violence around the port city of aden . erich ogoso , a spokesman with the united nations ' humanitarian agency , reported 182 dead and hundreds more wounded just between last wednesday and sunday . some 75,000 people have been displaced in the past week , many health facilities shut down and food prices have skyrocketed . `` increasing hostilities have led to ( the ) targeting of schools , health facilities and other social infrastructure , '' ogoso said . `` ... there are reports of damage to residential areas in different cities , and in aden , minors have reportedly taken part in the fighting on all sides . '' airstrikes that hit the al-mazraq camp for displaced persons near sanaa killed at least 29 people -- women and children among them , according to aid group doctors without borders . about 1,100 families live in the camp , said u.n. 's humanitarian affairs coordinator for yemen , johannes van der klaauw . `` they are , '' he said , `` among the most vulnerable people in yemen . '' yemen has been in disarray for some time , beset by widespread poverty and insecurity . those factors helped terror groups like al qaeda in the arabian peninsula find homes in the arab nation , but did n't help its 26 million citizens in their quest for peace and prosperity . the instability escalated as the houthis , a minority group long marginalized in yemen , increasingly challenged the government of president abdu rabu mansour hadi ( who in 2012 took over for saleh , who had been in power for 33 years ) . the houthis began moving into sanaa in september , then headed into aden earlier this month -- advancing despite intermittent ( and , time and again , unsuccessful ) talks aimed a peaceful political solution to the unrest . things finally came to a head last week , with hadi -- who claims to still be president , even though the houthis control government institutions -- left yemen . at roughly the same time , saudi arabia and its allies came in with force to support hadi , who they say remains yemen 's legitimate leader . the burgeoning conflict threatened to open a wider rift , not just in the region but in the muslim world . that 's because the saudis have painted the houthis as tools of iran 's government , an accusation that also reflects the fact saudi arabia ( and their allies in the coalition ) are predominantly sunni muslims , while iran and the houthis are shiites . the state-run saudi press agency quoted saudi minister of foreign affairs prince saud al-faisal as saying tuesday that he would not condemn iran , but would instead test the country 's intentions `` by extending our hands to it as a muslim neighbor to open a new page . '' if those two countries could achieve real cooperation , it could ease the pressures that are tearing yemen apart . on the other side , iranian deputy foreign minister hossein amir-abdollahian said that officials in his country and saudi arabia can help bring about a `` political solution '' in yemen , according to iran 's state-run press tv , citing afp . if they do n't , war could inflame the entire region . `` we strongly object to the military solution in yemen , '' amir-abdollahian said , reiterating a view made by other iranian officials . `` we believe that the saudi military attack against yemen is a strategic mistake . ''