( cnn ) minnesota vikings running back adrian peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the nfl on friday , the league said . the nfl suspended the 30-year-old football star in november over allegations that last may he disciplined his son , who was 4 at the time , too harshly with a `` switch , '' or thin stick . in a letter , nfl commissioner roger goodell told peterson that his continued participation in the league was contingent on a number of requirements , including that he maintain `` an ongoing program of counseling and treatment as recommended by medical advisers , '' the nfl said thursday . also required of peterson : avoiding `` any further conduct that violates the ( nfl 's ) personal conduct policy or other nfl policies . '' `` any further violation of the personal conduct policy by peterson would result in additional discipline , which could include suspension without pay or banishment from the nfl , '' the league said in a statement . peterson played in one game last season , a 35-6 win against st. louis in september , before the league put him on an exempt list september 17 -- keeping him off the field with pay -- in light of his indictment that month in the case . initially charged with felony child abuse , peterson pleaded no contest to misdemeanor reckless assault in november in texas . the nfl then suspended him without pay and he lost his appeal of that sanction the next month . in february , a minnesota district court judge vacated the decision that upheld his suspension , making peterson eligible for reinstatement . bleacher report : latest details , comments , reaction . the vikings issued a brief statement in which they said they `` look forward to adrian rejoining the vikings . '' espn reported that the team will hold voluntary offseason workouts beginning monday . the next vikings ' organized team activities begin in late may . it is unclear whether peterson will attend . he has been unhappy with how the vikings have handled the matter . though peterson dodged jail time with his no-contest plea , he received probation , community service and a $ 4,000 fine . he also will take parenting classes . `` i truly regret this incident , '' peterson said after accepting the deal . `` i stand here and i take full responsibility for my actions . i love my son more than any one of you can even imagine . '' peterson is considered one of the best running backs in the nfl . in 2011 he signed a seven-year contract worth more than $ 100 million with the vikings , who were 7-9 last season and failed to make the playoffs . in eight seasons , including last year 's abbreviated year , he has rushed for 10,190 yards and averaged a strong 5.0 yards per carry . cnn 's jill martin and eliott c. mclaughlin contributed to this report .