( cnn ) this is week two of an ongoing series : a catholic reads the bible this week covers the book of genesis , chapters 1-11 . a week ago , i was worried i would n't have anything to write about . now , i do n't even know where to begin . the first step was choosing a bible . i went with the version that i received for winning the religion award at rice memorial high school in south burlington , vermont . as i mentioned in the first installment of this series , i 'm a lifelong catholic who finally plans to read the bible from cover to cover . the bible i 'm reading is `` the deluxe catholic bible , '' published in 1986 by world bible publishing . after four days of reading this week , my journal is full of observations and ideas . with my crazy schedule , i found that reading at night was a perfect way to unwind and reflect . and as i started reading , i did n't want to stop . in order to fully process scripture , i need to slow down and read the footnotes . footnotes are my friend . first of all , genesis starts with two separate creation narratives . how did i not know this ? the first chapter is the seven days story with god creating the earth . in the second chapter the earth is again created and man is formed out of clay . talking with a cnn colleague , i mentioned how there seems to be fascination in genesis with dirt and clay . my colleague pointed out that even adam 's name is a play on the hebrew word `` adama , '' meaning ground . it struck me that the whole first two chapters have everything to do with the earth and man 's place in it , a struggle that we can relate to even now . from the creation of the garden of eden to the fall and the banishment , the bounty of the land and the access to it seems to be the area of highest concern . my greatest surprise , though , came when i read about seth . seth ? who ? i started asking people if they had remembered the story of seth . my unscientific poll of friends is that 9 out 10 people i asked had no idea who he was . turns out , seth is the forgotten son of adam and eve who is born after cain kills abel . adam fathered seth at 130 years old . yes , we are getting into the part of the bible with fantastical life spans that allow for the transition from the stories of adam to abraham . ( again , thank you footnotes ) . unfortunately , we do n't learn much more about seth . when he is mentioned , it 's about his descendants . but , because this was my first biblical surprise , i will never forget him . thank you , seth . as a woman , though i was waiting to read more about the role of women . did you know that eve is the first person named in the bible ? ( i expected adam , but he is called `` man '' in the first references . ) moving on , we have these tales about the `` sons of heaven '' seeing earth 's beautiful women and taking them as wives . um ? what ? i had never heard that one before . i had to read that passage a few times and , again , the footnotes helped . they say the story is an inclusion from mythology . but why ? my first hunch is that it might have been a way to take a story that everyone knew at the time and make it part of a new narrative . familiarity would lead to followers . of course , many christians do n't cite the `` sons of heaven '' today because it would take too much time to explain . maybe that 's why i do n't ever recall hearing this passage read at mass . with that in mind , i read about noah , descendent of seth , with a different perspective , too . i have never believed there was an ark . i never thought that god dictated the dimensions of the boat to save the animals two by two . it is a story told to make you realize the power of god . the explanation for the flood is that man had become more and more wicked , but i did n't expect , though , that god would `` regret '' creating man . ouch ! it really makes the reader want to stay on god 's good side . this `` wickedness '' of mankind and the `` regret '' from god sounds as if god made a mistake and decides to fix it , to start over , in essence . `` never again will i doom the earth because of man , since the desires of man are evil from the start . ... '' that phrase reminded me of my dad 's favorite saying , `` to err is human but to forgive is divine , '' which comes from a pope , but not a catholic holy man . but enough about that , i have to get back to reading .