( cnn ) on the morning of april 19 , 1995 , a man parked a rental truck packed with explosives in front of the alfred p. murrah federal building in oklahoma city . at 9:02 a.m. , the explosives detonated , killing 168 people , including 19 children . this was n't the work of a foreign terrorist group . timothy mcveigh and terry nichols , former u.s. army soldiers , were convicted of the attack . mcveigh was executed in 2001 , and nichols is serving a life sentence . twenty years later , domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to eco-terrorists to anti-government extremists and radical separatist groups , according to the fbi . the fbi 's goal , of course , is to prevent `` homegrown attacks '' before they happen . unfortunately , this is n't always possible . when acts of domestic terror do occur , the fbi investigates and tries to catch those responsible . from mcveigh and nichols to eric rudolph to ted kaczynski , the fbi is often successful , but every once in a while , the suspects get away . these are the fbi 's most-wanted domestic terrorist fugitives : it was september 26 , 1981 , when a crowd gathered at john f. kennedy international airport for an anti-apartheid demonstration . among the protestors , the fbi says , was donna joan borup , an alleged member of the may 19th communist organization . the radical group advocated overthrowing the u.s. government . the protest turned violent , and borup allegedly tossed a caustic substance in the eyes of a port authority police officer . according to the port authority , he `` lost all or most of his sight . '' borup and others were arrested and released on bail , but borup never showed up for her trial . an arrest warrant was issued in 1982 . today , she would be in her late 50s to mid-60s , standing between five feet four inches and five feet six inches . according to the fbi , borup `` is thought to have a photographic memory and is highly intelligent . '' the fbi considers her `` armed and dangerous . '' cheri laverne dalton is wanted for her alleged involvement in the brinks armored car robbery on october 20 , 1981 , when a group of political radicals associated with the black liberation army robbed $ 1.6 million from a brink 's truck in nanuet , new york . time magazine reported in november of that year that the attack happened shortly before 4 p.m. when brink 's guards peter paige and joe trombino loaded the money into their truck . suddenly armed robbers attacked . they opened fire , killing paige . trombino was seriously injured , but survived and kept working for brinks until he was killed in the september 11 , 2001 , attacks while making a delivery in the world trade center . according to the fbi , the robbers drove away after the brink 's robbery , allegedly meeting up with members of the weather underground -- another radical organization . they switched cars and drove off . following a tip , police caught up to them . a shootout left nyack police sgt . edward o'grady and officer waverly brown dead . hip hop artist tupac shakur 's stepfather , jeral wayne williams ( known as mutulu shakur ) is considered by authorities to be the mastermind behind the robbery . in 1988 , he received a 60-year prison sentence . he has a parole release date of 2016 . on november 17 , 1982 , a federal grand jury operating in the southern district of new york returned a superseding indictment charging dalton with various crimes related to the heist . dalton has ties to havana , cuba , and st. croix , virgin islands . according to the fbi , she is believed to be living in cuba . leo frederick burt , a 22-year-old aspiring journalist at the time , was part of a group that bombed a building at the university of wisconsin in 1970 to protest the vietnam war , the fbi says . it was classified as the largest act of domestic terror until the oklahoma city bombing . the explosion killed a physics researcher , severely damaged a building at the university and damaged 26 others . according to the fbi , explosives had been placed in a stolen truck three blocks from the building . burt was part of a radical anti-war group called the new year 's gang , the fbi says . angry over the vietnam war , the group targeted the army math research center in sterling hall at the university of wisconsin on august 24 , 1970 . on september 2 , 1970 , leo burt was indicted in madison , wisconsin . he was charged with sabotage , destruction of government property , and conspiracy . burt 's three accomplices were arrested and served prison sentences for the crime , but the hunt for burt continues . burt may wear glasses , and may have a mustache and beard . he has worn his hair long in the back , according to the fbi . he has ties to new york , boston , and peterborough , ontario . joseph mahmoud dibee and josephine sunshine overaker are thought to be among the last members of the eco-terror group known as `` the family , '' said to be affiliated with elf , the earth liberation front , or the animal liberation front ( alf ) . they are suspected to be involved in `` at least 25 domestic terrorism criminal actions totaling over $ 48 million in damages , including the largest eco-related arson in history , a $ 26 million arson at the vail ski resort , '' the fbi said . these alleged crimes occurred in oregon , washington , california , colorado and wyoming , and date back to 1996 according to the fbi . elf made no secret of its responsibility for the vail fire , and on october 19 , 1998 , issued a statement saying : `` vail inc. is already the largest ski operation in north america and now wants to expand even further . the 12 miles of roads and 885 acres of clearcuts will ruin the last best lynx habitat in the state . putting profits ahead of colorado 's wildlife will not be tolerated . '' other environmentalists denounced the fires , calling elf a fringe group whose actions did far more harm than good . on january 19 , 2006 , a federal grand jury in eugene , oregon , indicted overaker , dibee and two others -- since arrested -- on multiple charges related to their alleged role in a domestic terrorism cell . the fbi says overaker is fluent in spanish . dibee may have fled to syria . the fbi has led a long-running , multiple-agency criminal investigation dubbed `` operation backfire '' to combat violent elements of the environmental and animal rights groups , which remains open though not active . the case will remain open until overaker and dibee are located , apprehended and prosecuted , the fbi said . elizabeth anna duke is wanted for her alleged involvement in a string of crimes spanning the late 1970s through the early 1980s , according to the fbi . known as an active member of the radical group known as the may 19th communist organization , she was slapped with multiple charges . in may of 1985 , duke was arrested in bucks county , pennsylvania with alan berkman , who was wanted in connection to the 1981 brinks armored car robbery in nanuet , new york . she was released on bail , but fled in october . according to the fbi , duke is known to speak fluent spanish and has ties to texas but is also known to travel in the northern united states near the canadian border . she may have been travelling with donna joan borup who is wanted for allegedly throwing a caustic substance in the eyes of a port authority police officer during an anti-apartheid protest at john f. kennedy international airport in 1981 , the fbi said . william `` guillermo '' morales was an explosives expert who allegedly made bombs for an extremist organization violently advocating for puerto rican independence . the faln , translated as the armed forces of national liberation , claimed responsibility for or were blamed for 130 bombings , most of them in new york and chicago , in the 1970s and early 1980s that caused numerous deaths , injuries and millions of dollars in damage . morales was captured in may of 1983 in mexico , but was eventually handed over to cuban authorities , and the fbi thinks he has lived in cuba since june of 1988 . morales speaks both english and spanish . on july 12 , 1978 , morales was injured when a bomb he was working on accidentally exploded in east elmhurst , new york . badly injured , morales was taken to a hospital , and arrested . he was held at the bellevue hospital prison ward in new york until he was well enough to be transferred to federal prison , but escaped and fled . he is known to wear glasses and may have a beard . on june 3 , 1972 , western airlines flight 701 was flying from los angeles to seattle with 98 passengers and a crew of seven when willie roger holder and catherine marie kerkow allegedly hijacked the plane , threatening the crew and passengers with a ''bomb in an attache case . '' they demanded $ 500,000 , the fbi says . they were trying to force authorities to free angela davis , a prominent black militant , then on trial for murder , kidnapping and conspiracy in san jose , according to author brendan koerner , who wrote a book about the history of airline hijacking called `` the skies belong to us . '' koerner said davis was informed of the hijacking by the judge in her trial and refused to communicate with the hijackers . according to koerner , the ransom was paid in san francisco , where a little more than half of the passengers were released at the airport . the rest , he said , were released at jfk before the couple took off for algiers . it was a media circus , and the pair were dubbed a modern `` bonnie and clyde , '' according to koerner . `` basically the hijackers wanted to take angela davis to north vietnam , then head to australia to homestead in the outback . instead , they ended up crashing with the black panthers in algiers . '' on january 25 , 1975 , kerkow and holder were arrested in france when they tried to get in the country using fake passports , but the fbi says kerkow skipped out before her trial . holder was eventually extradited to the united states , but kerkow could be anywhere . the fbi says she may have ties to oregon , france , switzerland , algeria , jordan and cuba . opinion : homegrown extremist threat remains 20 years after oklahoma city bombing .