( cnn ) president abraham lincoln never lost his ardor for the united states to remain united during the civil war . in his second inaugural address he attempted to salve the nation with an eloquent summation of his philosophy and plans for putting it into practice . `` with malice toward none , with charity for all , with firmness in the right as god gives us to see the right , '' he orated , `` let us strive on to finish the work we are in to bind up the nations ' wounds , to care for him who shall have borne the battle for his widow and his orphan , to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations . '' the spirit of lincoln 's second inaugural was self-evident on april 9 , 1865 -- 150 years ago -- when confederate gen. robert e. lee dramatically surrendered his approximately 28,000 troops to union general ulysses s. grant at appomattox courthouse ( mclean house ) in virginia . over 600,000 americans -- northerners and southerners alike -- had perished in the bloody civil war . but the carnage was now about to end . the historic meeting between grant and lee began with pleasantries about the weather and their mutual service in the mexican war . the good fellowship was palpable . lee , in fact , had to abruptly remind the chatty grant about the diplomatic business at hand . after all , they were at appomattox courthouse to hash out terms of surrender . grant purposely ended up being generous to confederate soldiers . they would be paroled , not condemned to prison camps . rebel officers were even allowed to maintain their sidearms . personal property of southerners would now be respected . even rations were provided by grant for lee 's hungry soldiers . it was palm sunday and in the spirit of christian reconciliation grant ordered that no celebration occur within union army ranks . `` the confederates were now our prisoners , '' grant wrote , `` and we did not want to exult over their downfall . '' the myth-making about appomattox started from the moment lee left the courthouse on his horse to travel to richmond . surrendering had n't been easy for lee . sullen from defeat , his own family property in arlington had been confiscated by union forces ( converted into a union cemetery with lines of white crosses on the lawn ) . all 11,000 acres of his virginia land holdings had been stripped from him by the u.s. government . with no real home , lee rode to richmond , depressed and destitute , rendezvousing with his sick wife mary curtis lee at a spare apartment . remarkably , the stoic lee did n't express bitterness in public . when news reached lee that lincoln had been murdered , in fact , he was distraught , calling it `` a crime '' that was `` unexampled '' and `` deplorable . '' although much remained unresolved between the victors and vanquished , the little courthouse became a symbol of unity , just like the `` star spangled banner '' from the war of 1812 . one post-appomattox story that has long interested me was that of littleberry walker . after being present at lee 's dramatic surrender at appomattox , walker , a battle-fatigued confederate , laid down his rifle and journeyed back to red-clay , georgia , traveling mainly on foot , passing ragged clusters of rebel amputees , many hobbling on bayonet crutches , others with arms or heads swathed in bandages and all heading in the same direction : home . upon arriving in atlanta , a weary walker found the confederate railroad-city smoldered in ruin , the handiwork of gen. william t. sherman 's `` scorched earth policy . '' ( one-hundred-twenty years later , walker 's great-grandson , 39th president jimmy carter , would construct his carter center , an ngo dedicated to diplomatically resolving global conflicts , on the very hilltop overlooking atlanta on which gen. sherman once stood . ) upon leaving atlanta , walker continued walking south , anxious for his kinfolk . unfortunately , he returned to sumter county only to learn that his father had died and that the family farm was teetering on the brink of bankruptcy . one suspects inman , the main character of novelist charles frazier 's `` cold mountain , '' spoke for the battle-hardened civil war veterans like walker , when he lamented that , `` what you have lost will not be returned to you . it will always be lost . you 're left with only your scars to mark the void . all you can do is go on or not . but if you go on , it 's knowing you carry scars with you . '' as we reflect on the sesquicentennial of lee 's surrender at that forlorn virginia courthouse , today marvelously maintained by the national park service , we recognize that the scars of the civil war are still with us . the mason-dixon line divide still exists . almost all the old confederate states are now considered `` red '' ( republican ) , while the union states are `` blue '' ( democrat ) -- a residual variation of big federal government versus states ' rights paradigm of the civil war era . while the old spiritual `` slavery chain done broke at last '' was sung by blacks in the hours following the appomattox surrender , racism sadly continues to be a crippling national scourge . while there no longer are beatings in congress ( like in 1856 when preston brooks of south carolina caned charles sumner of massachusetts on the congressional floor ) the gridlock on capital hill in 2015 , the inability to get anything done , is similarly cold-cocking the spirit of our participatory democracy . all american eyes should be fixated on appomattox today . the mclean house is our collective sanctuary of national healing . as a public place , the mclean parlor remains small but the legacy which grant and lee made at the truce table is timeless in world history . for while the scars of the monstrous civil war still remain , the wounds have closed since 1865 , in large part , because of the civility of grant and lee . with grace and dignity , these brave west point generals gave righteous credence to lincoln 's `` with malice toward none '' finery .