( cnn ) this is the end . beautiful friend , the end . for the 1960s , the end arrived with -- depending on your ideals and your tribe -- either the rolling stones ' altamont fiasco in december 1969 , the kent state shootings in may 1970 or richard nixon 's 1972 re-election . for `` mad men , '' the `` end of an era , '' as its slogan has it , begins sunday . over the past eight years , the show about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times has become part of the national fabric , if never a huge ratings hit . stores have created fashion lines inspired by the show ; there have been `` mad men '' cocktails and `` mad men '' museum exhibits and even `` mad men '' presidential references . don draper , the creative director played by jon hamm , has become a symbol of the times -- his and , sometimes , ours . its subjects have taken the show to heart . in march , a `` mad men '' bench was unveiled in front of new york 's time & life building , where the fictional firm of sterling cooper & partners has its headquarters . the end of a tv series brings with it some risk . `` the sopranos , '' `` mad men '' creator matthew weiner 's former employer , divided fans with its famous cut-to-black finale . on the other hand , `` mad men 's '' former amc stablemate , `` breaking bad , '' was saluted for an almost perfect landing . speaking of landings : the last season -- technically , the first half of season 7 -- ended with the moon landing in july 1969 . though weiner and his cast have been typically tight-lipped -- weiner even hid the finale from his cast at first -- it 's reasonable to assume the new season will pick up soon afterward . what 's going to happen ? here are some educated guesses . with the '60s screaming towards their conclusion , `` mad men '' probably wo n't jump ahead much . the latter half of 1969 included the manson murders , the woodstock festival , a new york mayoral campaign and the vietnam war moratorium demonstrations -- plenty of fodder for the characters to interact with , if only tangentially . who knows ? the show might even mention the miracle mets . it would be a nice way to acknowledge the agency 's late lane pryce . of course , weiner might have a different idea ; he 's from baltimore . `` mad men '' is generally a show about disintegration , reflective of the '60s themselves . the old orders are falling apart : white-shoe wasp firms like sterling cooper giving way to the ethnic pace-setters such as doyle dane bernbach ; grimy new york replaced by sunny los angeles ; the `` good war '' generation butting heads with the `` make love , not war '' cohort ; vacuum tubes and ledger books being displaced by a sleek , solid-state ibm world . it 's all an ad agency can do to keep up . last season saw plenty of intraoffice turmoil , thanks to the ill-fitting merger between sterling cooper and former rival cutler gleason and chaough . though the agency survived , it 's now without bert cooper ( robert morse ) and under the ownership of ( real-life ) madison avenue titan mccann erickson . that 's not a recipe for long-term survival , and expect a number of longtime characters -- ken cosgrove ( aaron staton ) , harry crane ( rich sommer ) and perhaps even joan harris ( christina hendricks ) -- to look for an exit . roger sterling -- the wisecracking executive played by john slattery -- might find an exit as well , but not one he 's anticipating . he 's suffered two heart attacks . he drinks to excess . he 's never grown up . bet on a sudden and shocking departure . on the other hand , peggy olson 's star has continued to rise ( much like one of the character 's models , advertising wunderkind mary wells lawrence ) . she left sterling cooper once ; indeed , she would n't have returned if her new agency had n't merged with her old one . if olson , played by elisabeth moss , bolts the firm , it will probably be to head her own agency -- and possibly get married . that is , if she 's still interested in such an old-fashioned tradition . in recent seasons , don 's ex-wife , betty ( january jones ) , has lost herself amid all the turmoil . she sees herself through the eyes of her spouses , and though husband henry francis ( christopher stanley ) has been far more supportive than don , he 's a busy man . and sally , don 's daughter ( kiernan shipka ) , is proving to be a handful . on the one hand , she 's obviously bright ; on the other , she 's a teenager and starting to rebel . in recent seasons she 's run away and started sneaking cigarettes , and she 's always fighting with her mother . you could see her hitchhiking to woodstock , or at least dropping out of school . anything 's possible , but given all that the character has been through -- divorces , affairs , office politics , morose late-night rides with glen bishop -- it 's a bit on the nose , is n't it ? instead , try this : it 's april 1 , 1970 . richard nixon is signing legislation banning cigarette ads on radio and television , reminding don of the day 10 years earlier when he came up with the lucky strike campaign that began the series . no fool , he had seen this day coming years before . he 'll fix himself a drink , ponder buying an avocado-colored refrigerator , clean out his ashtray and leave the show the way he arrived : on top of the zeitgeist , unable to accept his past and utterly , inscrutably alone .