( cnn ) a brutal raid on the garissa university college in kenya has left nearly 150 people dead -- including students -- and dozens more wounded . gunmen attacked the campus early thursday as morning prayers were underway , shooting indiscriminately and taking hostages before being killed by security forces , officials said . the u.s. embassy in nairobi said al-shabaab militants have claimed responsibility . the harrowing attack comes just months after al-shabaab militants murdered non-muslim workers in a kenyan quarry . the terrorist group has been behind numerous attacks in the region . it has also recruited some americans , particularly from the somali-american community in minnesota . al-shabaab is a somali group that the united states designated as a foreign terrorist organization in march 2008 . it wants to turn somalia into a fundamentalist islamic state , according to the council on foreign relations . the group has been blamed for attacks in somalia that have killed international aid workers , journalists , civilian leaders and african union peacekeepers . it has a history of striking abroad , too . before admitting to the kenya quarry attack , al-shabaab claimed responsibility for the july 2010 suicide bombings in kampala , uganda , that killed more than 70 people , including a u.s. citizen , who had gathered at different locations to watch the broadcast of the world cup final soccer match . the total size of al-shabaab is not clear . in 2011 , a u.s. official who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the information said the group was estimated to control up to 1,000 fighters . a united nations report identified one insurgent leader who is believed to command `` an estimated force of between 200 and 500 fighters , '' most of them kenyans . and al-shabaab has links to other organizations . in february 2012 , the group 's leader , ahmed abdi godane , and al qaeda leader ayman al-zawahiri released a video announcing the alliance of the two organizations . decades of weak government amid grinding poverty have long made somalia a target for radical islamist groups . al-shabaab 's predecessor was al-ittihad al-islami ( aiai ) , which worked to create an islamist emirate in somalia . it was partially funded by former al qaeda leader osama bin laden , according to the council on foreign relations . aiai , which the u.s. state department designated as a terrorist group , strengthened after the fall in 1991 of siad barre 's military regime and during the years of lawlessness that ensued . in 2003 , a rift erupted between aiai 's old guard -- which was seeking to establish a new political front -- and its younger members , who wanted to impose fundamental islamic rule . ( al-shabaab means `` the youth . '' ) that strife led the younger members to ally with a group of sharia courts -- the islamic courts union ( icu ) -- that was seeking to impose order over a landscape marked by feuding warlords in the capital city . working together , the islamic courts union and al-shabaab gained control of mogadishu in 2006 . that sparked fears in neighboring ethiopia that violence would spill over there , according to the council on foreign relations . those fears -- combined with a request from somalia 's transitional government -- led ethiopian forces to enter somalia in december 2006 to remove the icu from power . and that move inflamed al-shabaab , which then attacked ethiopian forces and gained control of parts of central and southern somalia , according to a 2011 case study by rob wise , who was then with the counterterrorism program at the center for strategic and international studies . in 2011 , after attacks on tourist destinations in northern kenya blamed on al-shabaab , the kenyan government ordered a cross-border incursion aimed at creating a security buffer zone in southern somalia . ethiopian troops have also crossed the border and expelled al-shabaab from baidoa , a strategic town midway between the ethiopian border and mogadishu . the group then targeted african union soldiers and government buildings in the capital in suicide attacks . a suicide bombing in march 2012 killed five people at the presidential palace . analysts say tension appears to have been growing within al-shabaab between somalis and foreign fighters , several hundred of whom are thought to have entered somalia in recent years to join the group . the group has a sophisticated public relations arm that includes a twitter account and video production abilities . al-shabaab has even made a video that 's as slickly produced as a reality tv show , complete with a hip-hop jihad voice and a startling message : `` mortar by mortar , shell by shell , only going to stop when i send them to hell , '' an unidentified voice raps in english . but al-shabaab 's enemies -- and alliances -- can shift . abu mansour al-amriki , a former al-shabaab fighter and prolific english-language propagandist for the group , said in a video posted online last year that he had had a fallout with al-shabaab `` regarding matters of the sharia and matters of strategy '' and feared for his life . al-amriki , whose real name is omar hammami , was reportedly killed in somalia by al-shabaab . cnn was not able to confirm the report . finding replacements might not be difficult . sheikh ahmed matan , a member of britain 's somali community , said he knows of hundreds of young somali men living in the west who returned to somalia for terrorist training . al-shabaab has also `` succeeded in recruiting a number of americans to fight in somalia , most of whom are from minnesota , '' cnn national security analyst peter bergen wrote in a cnn.com column . in 2008 , the fbi launched operation rhino , `` a serious effort to crack down on anyone traveling to somalia to support al-shabaab , '' bergen wrote . the once-ragtag al qaeda affiliate has grown into an economic powerhouse , raising tens of millions of dollars in cash from schemes that have involved extortion , illegal taxation and other `` fees , '' according to the 2011 united nations report . the united states believed then that the group was coordinating with al qaeda groups in yemen and might have been plotting attacks in the region and abroad . in 2011 , it was generating `` between $ 70 million and $ 100 million per year , from duties and fees levied at airports and seaports , taxes on goods and services , taxes in kind on domestic produce , ' jihad contributions , ' checkpoints and various forms of extortion justified in terms of religious obligation , '' according to the report from the u.n . monitoring group on somalia and eritrea . in 2011 , the u.n. declared a famine in the southern somalia regions of bakool and lower shabelle , and al-shabaab reversed an earlier pledge to allow aid agencies to provide food in famine-stricken areas . that year , the u.n. interagency group for child mortality estimation said somalia had the highest mortality rate in the world for children ages 4 and younger . about 258,000 somalis died in the famine between october 2010 and april 2012 , and half the victims were younger than 5 years old , according to a report from the u.n. food and agriculture organization and the usaid-funded famine early warning systems network . the united states has supported u.n.-backed african forces fighting al-shabaab and strengthened its counterterrorism efforts against the group . it has also donated millions of dollars in aid . in september 2012 , somali parliament members selected hassan sheikh mohamud as the new president in a vote that marked a milestone for the nation , which had not had a stable central government since barre 's overthrow 21 years earlier . but that did n't mean al-shabaab was calling it quits . in january 2013 , french forces attempted to rescue a french intelligence commando held hostage in somalia by the group . the raid left the soldier dead , another soldier missing and 17 islamist fighters dead . but there has been political progress in somalia . in january 2013 , for the first time in more than two decades , the united states granted official recognition to the somali government . cnn 's tim lister , barbara starr , paula newton , david mckenzie and elise labott contributed to this report .