( cnn ) a door bearing a graffiti drawing by british artist banksy was seized by police in gaza on thursday after a dispute over its sale , a gaza police official told cnn on thursday . the owner of the door , rabea darduna , filed a complaint with a gaza court stating that , without realizing its value , he sold the door for just $ 175 u.s . the iron door will remain in the possession of the khan younis police in southern gaza until a court hearing at a date yet to be determined . when darduna 's gaza home was destroyed in last summer 's war , he says he felt he was left with nothing . only a doorway and a door . he sold the door to bring in some money to care for his six children , not realizing the prize he had . `` we sold it as we would sell an iron door , '' darduna said monday , `` for $ 175 . and the man took it . '' darduna says he was duped into believing the door was a normal door when it was really a canvas for banksy , one of the world 's most famous graffiti artists , who had painted a greek goddess with her head in her hand . the door was likely worth a small fortune -- a fortune darduna gave away for a fraction of its value . `` things started becoming clear that the artist is worldwide famous , and he drew it secretly , '' said darduna . `` [ the buyer ] used us . my house is demolished . we 're destroyed emotionally . we ask him to return the door . '' banksy 's graffiti in gaza has become an attraction after he visited in february and painted a series of political messages . his works adorn walls and homes turning rubble into riches . some of banksy 's art has sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars . banksy has never revealed his identity , but he is an english graffiti artist who began displaying his work in the early 1990s . his street art often portrays political and social messages . mohammed alshanbari says he 's had offers for banksy 's portrait of a cat playing with a ball of mangled metal , but he refuses to sell . in text accompanying the image on his official website , banksy wrote : `` a local man came up and said ' please -- what does this mean ? ' i explained i wanted to highlight the destruction in gaza by posting photos on my website -- but on the internet people only look at pictures of kittens . '' alshanbari says he 's looking after the mural on the wall where his house once stood . `` a lot of people showed up and people asked to buy it , but i 'm keeping it , and i wo n't sell it , '' he says . `` it 's a graffiti from the most famous artist in the world , and i ca n't give it away . it stands where the house used to stand . i cleared a lot of rubble , but left the wall . '' cnn 's talal abu-rahma reported from gaza and cnn 's steve almasy reported from atlanta . cnn 's salma abdelaziz and oren liebermann contributed to this report .