( cnn ) in 2001 , the taliban wiped out 1700 years of history in a matter of seconds , by blowing up ancient buddha statues in central afghanistan with dynamite . they proceeded to do so after an attempt at bringing down the 175-foot tall sculptures with anti-aircraft artillery had failed . sadly , the event was just the first in a series of atrocities that have robbed the world of some of its most prized cultural heritage . but historical architecture is also under threat from calamities which might well escape our control , such as earthquakes and climate change . the thought of losing a piece of our collective history is a bleak one . but if loss ca n't be avoided , technology can lend a hand . now cyark , a non-profit company founded by an iraqi-born engineer , is using groundbreaking laser scanning to ensure that -- at the very least -- incredibly accurate digital versions of the world 's treasures will stay with us forever . ben kacyra was born in mosul , iraq , in 1940 . he moved to the united states in 1964 , and in the 1990s he was instrumental in the design of the first portable laser scanner . he founded cyark , a company that specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture , in 2003 . `` two events happened that really influenced me and my wife , '' he told cnn 's nick glass , `` the taliban blew up the buddhas and an earthquake happened in bam , in iran . `` it demolished a whole mud city . so we looked at each other and we said , you know , sometimes you ca n't prevent an earthquake , obviously , and it 's very expensive to go back and rebuild , but if it had been scanned , our children and grandchildren would get the opportunity to come back and learn the history of that place . '' since then , kacyra has been doing exactly that : in a 2011 ted talk he explained his quest to preserve our `` collective treasure '' , and he has a plan to scan 500 world heritage sites in five years . so far , the list of completed scans includes ancient thebes , chichen itza , fort laramie , mesa verde , mount rushmore , petra , pompeii , rapa nui , the sydney opera house , tikal , and his native mosul . the idea is not just to protect endangered structures , but to offer free educational access to the digital recreations of important monuments via the web . `` we have that data , and if something -- god forbid -- happens to these , the data is there , '' says kacyra . in fact , current events have already caught up with the project : the royal tombs of kasubi , in uganda , were destroyed in 2010 by suspected arson . cyark had mapped them a year earlier , and that could lead to the reconstruction of what was lost . `` i 'm constantly looking at what 's happening in iraq and syria . `` i 'm so glad that we had already started and developed the tools that allowed us to go and be proactive to capture some of these things before these very unfortunate events . '' to scan the surroundings , cyark uses a portable , eye-safe laser device based on a technology called lidar -- a portmanteau of the words light and radar . it accurately maps a physical area much like a radar , but using lasers instead of radio waves . `` we have a very powerful laser that sends a beam of light pulsing 50,000 times per second , '' explains kacyra , `` which means that it 's collecting 50,000 points of everything that 's in front it as it pulses up and down and in a circular fashion , generating the geometry of everything that 's in the space around it . '' in other words , `` we gave the world a 3d laser scanner that has revolutionized how reality is captured . '' although its focus is in providing open access to cultural heritage , cyark is also attracting interest for alternative uses of the technology . `` we are discovering applications way beyond what we had anticipated , '' says kacyra . `` for example , the highway patrol wants to use it in accident reconstruction on the road or in crime scene investigations . where did the bullets go , trajectories and all that - this gives you the entire thing in minutes and then you can do all the analysis work . '' not even hollywood is immune from the allure of laser scanning . `` imagine it going all the way to art , the movies , movie sets . my wife got really excited about the first use in the movie field . '' before founding cyark , kacyra had developed a similar technology called cyrax , which he then subsequently sold . this technology was first used during the production of the 1997 sci-fi cult movie starship troopers , to scan an underground cave . `` they found out it was going to cost too much money to measure the cave so they could model it , something like half a million dollars and six weeks . `` they had heard about our scanning system so we went there . i think we did it for 20,000 dollars , and in a day or two , and it got used in a movie for the first time . `` it 's ubiquitous now in the movie industry for virtual sets . ''