( cnn ) in russia 's tightly-managed democracy , where being an opposition politician can seriously damage your health , chances to question the country 's leader are rare . president vladimir putin cuts an isolated figure , closely guarded behind the walls of the kremlin , traveling to-and-fro by helicopter or high-speed motorcade . his almost daily appearances on state television often show him in formal meetings with subordinates , or visiting dignitaries . interaction with ordinary russians is usually carefully controlled and fleeting . that is why this annual q & a session -- in which putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television -- is such a widely anticipated event which provokes such excitement . it is direct access to the russian leader , or at least as direct as most russians will ever get . in recent years , sitting in a shiny studio surrounded by a hand-picked audience of soldiers , doctors , teachers , factory workers and so on , putin has held forth on subjects from parenting to food prices , to relations with america . last year he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes . in 2013 , it was a record-breaking 4 hours and 47 minutes . organizers say this year , public interest is especially strong . at one call center in moscow , where the public are encouraged to pitch their putin questions , officials say more than 200,000 questions were submitted in the first hour after lines opened . the kremlin says they will have to sift through well over 1.7 million emails , video messages and texts to decide who gets to ask what on the big day . a few would-be questions released ahead of the event give us a flavor of what 's on russia 's mind . one man , who identifies himself as vitaly from the leningrad region , asks : `` vladimir vladimirovich ( putin 's middle name ) , why are prices going up in the shops but wages are staying the same ? '' sanctions and russia 's deep economic crisis , which saw the value of the russian currency , the ruble , plunge in value by 50 % against the dollar , is set to be a major a theme . so too is foreign policy . with moscow at odds with the west over ukraine , some of the released questions show how concerned ordinary russians are about their country 's place in the world . one unidentified schoolgirl asks : `` is there a threat to russia 's interests from the united states and europe ? and will there be a new iron curtain ? '' it 's not just russian schoolchildren who want to hear putin 's answer . critics of the kremlin , of course , slam this entire event as russia 's imitation of democracy in action . it 's hard to imagine a truly critical question , they say , getting aired on national television here . in fact , its best not to look at this event as an opportunity for russians to question their leader at all . instead , it is more like a highly produced , highly choreographed chance for their leader to speak to them , and to the world . sometimes , the kremlin likes to throw in a nasty surprise , too . last year saw nsa whistleblower , edward snowden , granted asylum in russia , address putin by videolink . who knows who may pop up this time .