( cnn ) the graffiti , written in a french chalk quarry and dating back almost 100 years , is plain and stark . `` hj leach . merely a private . 13/7/16 . sa australia , '' reads one inscription . `` ha deanate , 148th aero squadron , usa . 150 vermilyea ave , new york city , '' another says . `` 9th batt australians , g. fitzhenry , paddington , sydney , n.s.w. , 1916 july ; alistair ross , lismore , july , '' reads a third . they were world war i soldiers , four of almost 2,000 , whose writings have recently been found underneath battlefields near naours , france , about 120 miles north of paris . photographer jeff gusky , who has been chronicling details of the site , describes the inscriptions -- and the underground city in which they were found -- as `` breathtaking . '' `` this is a treasure trove , '' he said monday night from his home in east texas , where he works as an er doctor . `` even locally , no one realized what was there . '' gusky , a national geographic photographer , has chronicled the area in a portfolio he calls `` the hidden world of wwi . '' the revelations of the underground city , which extends for miles in some directions , have come to light recently only because of a series of events , gusky said . the underground city actually dates back centuries but was sealed up in the 18th century . it was rediscovered in the late 19th century . during world war i , soldiers would take refuge in the carved-out rooms and pathways . the front was sometimes mere miles away ; the battle of the somme , one of the bloodiest in world history , was fought nearby in 1916 . the land was privately owned for many years and generally off-limits to outsiders , said gusky , but it changed hands in 2013 . the rights to operate it were purchased by a consortium of villages that wanted to promote awareness of the area 's history , he said . researching the city is a painstaking task . for one thing , it 's dark , so observers generally have n't realized what 's in there until they 've gone exploring . moreover , the maze-like extensiveness of the site has made discovery a slow process . `` they go on and on and on . they 're so elaborate in some places , there are maps carved into stone so the soldiers would n't get lost , '' he said . the graffiti looks like it was written yesterday , he added . gusky has noted 1,821 names . about 40 % are australian , with most of the others identified as british . fifty-five are americans , and 662 have yet to be traced . for gusky , the graffiti provides a human connection with men who lived a century ago . in many cases , they just wanted to be remembered , he said . `` someone could be in this place one day and the next fighting at the front , '' he said . leach , `` merely a private , '' was killed a month later in battle , gusky observed . `` it could very well have been the last time he recorded his name as a living , breathing human being , '' he said . 7 things you did n't know about the man who started wwi .