( cnn ) irish betting company paddy power is backtracking after tweeting that `` newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed african-american male . '' the tweet , a pun on the name of the famous home end at liverpool football club , alluded to recent controversial incidents in the united states in which unarmed african-american men have been killed by police . paddy power -- well-known for its use of publicity stunts -- used it to link to a piece showing statistics for games between liverpool and newcastle united ahead of their english premier league match on monday . a paddy power spokesman told cnn before liverpool 's 2-0 victory at anfield : `` it was a joke , and no offense was meant . '' the tweet has since been deleted , but its removal -- along with the statement -- did little to placate social media users who condemned the organization , with some calling for the person who wrote the tweet to be sacked . in january , paddy power attracted headlines after backing david ginola 's failed candidacy for the presidency of world football 's governing body . the former paris saint-germain and tottenham player could not persuade enough fifa football associations to back his bid . he needed five to have any chance of unseating sepp blatter . paddy power started the funding for the candidacy , but its penchant for publicity stunts quickly led many people to dismiss ginola 's bid as another attempt to grab headlines . paddy power , the son of one the company 's founders and its marketing spokesman , explained : `` we 've been known for some mischievous activity around the world . this is not that . this is for real . '' last year , the company generated anger when it promised `` money back if he walks '' in relation to the trial of disgraced south african paralympian oscar pistorius . monday 's win put liverpool fifth in the table , four points behind defending champion manchester city , which holds england 's final european champions league qualification spot with six games left to play this season . young england forward raheem sterling , who has turned down a new contract , scored a fine solo goal in the first half , and midfielder joe allen 's 70th-minute strike condemned 13th-placed newcastle to a fifth successive league defeat . newcastle , which had france international midfielder moussa sissoko sent off in the 83rd minute , has not won at anfield since a 1-0 victory in the league cup in november 1995 .