( cnn ) in 1944 , 16-year-old yong soo lee of taegu , korea , was lured by a friend of hers to meet with an older japanese man . the man took the two of them , and three other teenage girls , by train , then ship , to taiwan . there , the girls were forced into sexual slavery , serving four to five japanese soldiers every day for a year . lee suffered beatings and torture , was infected with a venereal disease , was fed paltry amounts of food , faced temperatures so cold that ice formed on her body , and was never allowed outside . only the end of world war ii brought her relief . lee is just one example of the over 200,000 women from korea , china , the philippines , indonesia , and other asian nations , who were kidnapped and sexually enslaved by the japanese imperial army during world war ii . these so-called `` comfort women '' suffered unimaginable physical , emotional , and psychological trauma . when japanese prime minister shinzo abe addresses a joint meeting of congress on wednesday , he has an opportunity to do right by these women , and issue an unequivocal and irrefutable apology -- something that carries the weight of his government . in 2007 , in the very same chamber the prime minister will be issuing his address , the house of representatives sent a profound message to the japanese government by unanimously passing house resolution 121 , which i authored . the resolution called on the japanese government to formally acknowledge , apologize , and accept historical responsibility in a clear and unequivocal manner for its imperial armed forces ' coercion of young women into sexual slavery ; publicly refute any claims that the sexual enslavement and trafficking of the `` comfort women '' never occurred ; and educate current and future generations about this horrible crime . we are still waiting for their government to comply . in 2006 , during his first term , prime minister abe unleashed an international firestorm of criticism when he stated that there was no evidence of japanese coercion and complicity in setting up and running the `` comfort women '' system . and during his second term , abe and his right-wing allies have continued to question history -- even trying to dilute and rewrite it . last year , i , along with 17 of my house colleagues , wrote to the japanese ambassador to the united states , calling the timing and contents of the japanese government report on the 1993 kono statement : regrettable , unfortunate , unacceptable , and destabilizing . last year , meanwhile , the abe administration tried ( and failed ) to get the united nations to partially retract their authoritative 1996 report , which called on japan to apologize to the victims and pay reparations to survivors who had been forced into sex slavery . most notably , earlier this year , the japanese government tried unsuccessfully to change passages in u.s. history textbooks about the `` comfort women . '' some say that japan has already apologized enough and it 's time to move on . to those people i say , in light of these continued attempts to rewrite history , for every step forward the japanese government takes toward peace and reconciliation , it takes two steps back . as someone who was put into an internment camp as an infant , i know firsthand that governments must not be ignorant of their pasts . in 1942 , during world war ii , my government put aside the constitutional rights of japanese americans and systematically incarcerated 120,000 of us . we were u.s. citizens , but merely because of our ancestry , the government treated us like the enemy . decades later , we , the japanese american community , fought for an apology from our government . in 1988 , congress passed , and president ronald reagan signed into law , the civil liberties act , which was a formal apology to united states citizens of japanese ancestry who were unjustly put into internment camps during world war ii . our government made a mistake , but they apologized for it , and healed many wounds as a result . japan must now do the same . it must show the maturity of a democratic country , apologize for its mistake , and thereby gain the trust of her sister asian nations . the german chancellor angela merkel has urged prime minister abe to face japan 's history . germany knows something about this . after world war ii , germany engaged in a painful national `` coming to terms with the past '' that ripped open old wounds so that they could properly heal . time is of the essence . today , there are fewer than 100 surviving `` comfort women '' across the asia-pacific . each year , this number declines . ms. lee is one of 53 remaining korean survivors . the survivors are dying by the day . they deserve the justice and apology that has been due to them for the past 70 years . the opportunity to speak to a joint meeting of congress is an honor that is reserved for heads of state of our closest allies . i will be in the house chamber when prime minister abe delivers his address . ms. lee will attend as my guest . both of us hope the prime minister will take the privilege of this opportunity and finally , and firmly , apologize , and commit to educating the future generation honestly and humbly . ms. lee and her sisters deserve no less .