( cnn ) a grand jury in dallas county , texas , has decided not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of jason harrison , a schizophrenic man whose mother had called police for help getting him to the hospital . `` this particular case was reported out as a ' no bill , ' from the grand jury , '' said cristal retana , a spokeswoman for the dallas county district attorney 's office . the grand jury 's decision not to indict means officers john rogers and andrew hutchins wo n't face criminal prosecution in the case . but the officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from harrison 's family . the incident occurred in june , and harrison 's family filed a lawsuit in november . the release of video from one of the officer 's body cameras put the shooting back in the headlines last month . in it , harrison 's mother answers the door for police and nonchalantly walks outside . `` oh , he 's just off the chain , '' she says . `` you can hear him , talking about chopping up people . '' it was a fairly routine occurrence for her to call the police for assistance with her son . an officer asks who she 's talking about , and she replies , `` my son , bipolar , schizo , '' as jason harrison appears in the doorway behind her . he is twiddling a screwdriver between his fingers . one of the two officers called to the scene tells harrison to drop the tool , a command the officers repeat at least four times as harrison 's mom screams , `` jay ! jay ! jay ! '' within five seconds of that first command , the 39-year-old schizophrenic man is shot five times -- including twice in the back as he crashes headlong into the home 's garage door , just a few feet from his mother . video from one officer 's body camera fades to black as harrison 's mother wails , `` oh , they killed my son ! oh , they killed my son ! '' the officers continue to tell harrison to drop the weapon . the harrison family 's lawsuit against rogers and hutchins says they should have used nonlethal means of defusing the situation instead of choosing to engage `` in unlawful vicious attacks '' when they and the department were aware of harrison 's condition . the suit also claims the officers violated harrison 's civil rights . the officers , however , said in affidavits that they were forced to shoot an armed man who they deemed dangerous after he failed to comply with repeated orders to drop a screwdriver . cnn 's matthew stucker and catherine e. shoichet contributed to this report .