kiev , ukraine ( cnn ) the question haunting kiev is this : who might be murdering allies of ukraine 's ousted president viktor yanukovych ? the idea that this might be happening is not entirely new . but it muscled its way to the fore again this week with two high-profile shooting deaths in the ukrainian capital -- one of a former member of parliament with ties to yanukovych , the other of a ukrainian journalist known for his pro-russian views . oleg kalashnikov , the former member of parliament , was shot and killed shortly after 7 p.m. wednesday at the entrance to his apartment block . kalashnikov , 52 , was a member of the party of regions , the former ruling party in ukraine , and was close to yanukovych . police are investigating the death as a murder . a day later , on thursday , journalist oles buzyna , 45 , was killed near his home by shots fired from a dark blue ford focus , interior ministry adviser anton herashchenko said . the car 's license plates were reported to have been from either latvia or belorussia . the killings renewed speculation , sparked by earlier unusual deaths , about a conspiracy to kill people close to yanukovych . at least three former members of parliament with the party of regions have reportedly committed suicide in the last seven weeks : • on february 28 , mikhail chechetov reportedly jumped from the window of his 17th-floor apartment in kiev , having left a suicide note . he was suspected of having falsified the results of a parliamentary vote in early 2014 that essentially prohibited protest just as thousands of people were protesting against the yanukovych government . • on march 9 , stanislav melnik , a former member of parliament with the party of regions and the manager of several businesses in the separatist-minded eastern city of donetsk , was found dead in his apartment near kiev . he , too , reportedly left a suicide note . • and three days later , on march 12 , oleksandr peklushenko , another former member of parliament , was found in his house in zaporizhzhya , in southeastern ukraine , dead of a gunshot wound . police are investigating various scenarios , including suicide . interior ministry adviser anton gerashchenko said peklushenko `` might have wanted to avoid punishment for using violence against protesters , which he was suspected of . '' ukraine is deeply divided , and it has been for years . about a third of the population speaks russian as opposed to ukrainian . whether the country should be drawn into the orbit of russia or the west is a visceral issue , a question for many ukrainians not of politics but of identity . recent events have deepened the divide . in 2014 , after yanukovych turned his back on the european union in favor of closer ties with russia , he was driven from office by mass demonstrations . and with russia 's subsequent annexation of crimea and its support for russian-speaking separatists in eastern ukraine , the internecine animosity made the ugly transformation into war . with a government toppled and armed conflict in the east , ukrainians have reason to want each other dead . but the view of who might be responsible for the series of deaths differs starkly , according to which side of the country 's divide one is on . the opposition bloc , the country 's major opposition party , has no doubt the deaths have been politically motivated -- `` bloody terror against opposition politicians and journalists , '' the bloc 's media office called them . `` it is clear oppression of those who are not afraid to criticize the government , '' it said . the government , unsurprisingly , sees things differently . ukrainian president petro poroshenko , who came to office after yanukovych was ousted , has demanded an investigation of the killings of kalashnikov and buzyna , his media office said . `` it is evident that these crimes have the same origin , '' the media office quoted poroshenko as saying . `` their nature and political sense are clear . it is a deliberate provocation that plays in favor of our enemies . it is aimed at destabilizing the internal political situation in ukraine and discrediting the political choice of the ukrainian people . '' and anton geraschenko , an adviser to the country 's interior minister , took the theory one step further . `` it should not be excluded that the killings of oleg kalashnikov and olez buzyna were planned and organized from moscow and are a part of a plan to destabilize ukraine and further support anti-ukrainian mood in russian society , '' geraschenko said .