london ( cnn ) congolese immigrant tarsis mboma thale has a small business selling t-shirts in johannesburg , south africa . thale 's job normally requires him to walk the streets of the city he has called home for the past few years . but at the moment , he says , this is not an option . because he is simply too afraid . the reason is a wave of anti-immigrant violence that has swept the country in recent days , leaving several dead as authorities scrambled to detain those responsible and prevent further bloodshed . the cause of this surge in violence is murky , with some blaming alleged inflammatory comments about foreign nationals from the zulu king , local media reported , others saying a labor dispute between locals and foreigners back in march turned nasty . unemployment in impoverished areas has also been a factor . the violence has caused thousands of immigrants to seek refuge at police stations and shelters . thale fears he 'll be attacked if he goes to work . `` i 'm scared to go to town because i do not know when these people can attack and it 's stressful for me , '' he told cnn . `` we 're close to month end -- how am i going to pay the rent and feed my wife ? '' cnn spoke to several immigrants living and working in south africa about the crisis , which has caused south african president jacob zuma to postpone an overseas visit and left authorities scrambling to prevent further clashes . on tuesday the country 's defense minister said south africa would deploy troops to areas where police spread too thin in order to halt the attacks . zimbabwe immigrant stanley ndlovu says he is so frightened he dare not venture outside , not even to go to the local mall . he works in johannesburg as a cleaner and gardener , and also runs a small tuck shop where workers can buy food and basic supplies at his place of work . it 's a role he hears many south africans say should belong to them alone . he feels the south african government has been far too slow to respond to the violence , which has erupted intermittently in various cities over the past few years . `` to stop violence they need to arrest and sentence the perpetrators , '' he says . meanwhile , eric kalonji left the democratic republic of congo and arrived in the south african capital in 2012 , working as a waiter until the restaurant he worked at closed in january . now devoting himself to his studies in new zealand , he feels that the situation in south africa is more complex than a simple case of `` us versus them . '' he believes the blame lies heavily on what he calls the government 's failure to provide its people with jobs and education . `` this xenophobia thing is the result of a deeper malaise ( in ) south africans '' he says . `` a better policy from the government should be empowering the people with wider access to education so that they will qualify for the jobs that they say they deserve . '' opinion : labeling south africa turmoil ' xenophobia ' scapegoats poor blacks . kodwo amissah benyi , a hotel receptionist originally from ghana , now lives in the town of louis trichardt in south africa 's limpopo province . he 's far from the worst of the violence , but still close enough to follow the news with alarm . `` i fear it may spread because i do n't know what may spark unrest , '' he said . however he praised the government 's response to the attacks . `` the government is in crisis mode and pretoria ( the south african government ) is responding well by verbally condemning the attacks and showing force on the ground , '' he said .