( cnn ) the red cross on saturday called for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn yemen , saying many more people recently wounded in airstrikes and ground fighting will die if not tended to soon . the call came just before the u.n. security council met late saturday morning to discuss the situation in the arabian peninsula nation , where shiite rebels are pitted against external arab air forces and fighters loyal to yemen 's displaced sunni president . a pause was needed especially in and near the southern yemeni port city of aden , where intense fighting has happened in the past two weeks , the international committee of the red cross said . food , water , medical items and personnel need to get into these areas , the group said . `` otherwise , put starkly , many more people will die . for the wounded , their chances of survival depend on action within hours , not days , '' robert mardini , the icrc 's head of operations in the near and middle east , said . another red cross official said people are running out of food , water and fuel . `` medical supplies need to be here yesterday . the situation is difficult , '' said marie-claire feghali , a spokeswoman for the icrc who is in the capital , sanaa . `` we need to save the lives that can be saved . '' meanwhile , residents of sanaa , witnessed the fiercest saudi strikes since the air assault started last week . military facilities , including two bases , within the city limits have been targeted , three senior security officials in sanaa said . at the security council , russia submitted a draft resolution calling for a halt to the airstrikes that a nine-country regional coalition , led by saudi arabia , has been conducting against the rebels in yemen for more than a week . the meeting adjourned with no decision announced . one diplomat said the draft was missing what the envoy called key elements . it does n't call for the houthis to stop fighting , and it does not call for political talks between the belligerents , the diplomat told cnn on condition of anonymity . yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since houthi rebels -- minority shiites who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority sunni country -- forced yemeni president abdu rabu mansour hadi from power in january . the houthis put hadi under house arrest when they overtook sanaa in january . but hadi escaped in february , fled to aden and declared himself to still be president . houthis and their allies , including those loyal to hadi 's predecessor , then fought hadi 's forces in the aden area . hadi fled aden in late march , ultimately for saudi arabia , when the rebels and their military allies advanced on the city . the conflict prompted saudi arabia , a predominately sunni nation and yemen 's northern neighbor , and other arab nations to hit the rebels in yemen with airstrikes . a saudi source told cnn that special forces supplied weapons and communication equipment to yemeni fighters in aden loyal to hadi . the houthis were retreating from areas in the center of the city , including the presidential palace there , the source said . saudi special forces help oppose houthi rebels in yemen , source says . the united nations said thursday that at least 519 people have been killed in yemen in the past two weeks . an additional 1,700 have been wounded . tens of thousands have fled to nearby somalia and djibouti . in aden alone , fighting has killed 58 people and injured 200 more in the past two days , yemeni security officials said . at least 24 of the dead were houthis . complicating matters in yemen is that al qaeda in the arabian peninsula -- not the houthis or hadi-loyal forces -- holds sway in the country 's east . aqap is considered one of the most ruthless branches of the terrorist organization . also late this week , photos circulating on social media purported to show senior al qaeda leader khaled batarfi -- whom yemeni defense officials said militants busted out of jail on thursday -- posing in a presidential residence in southern yemen . sunni islamist fighters freed batarfi with some 270 prisoners when they overran the town of al mukallah . on saturday , the french military evacuated 44 people , including some french nationals , from the eastern yemeni port city of balhaf . cnn 's don melvin , trey haney , david shortell and richard roth contributed to this report .