( cnn ) the classic video game `` space invaders '' was developed in japan back in the late 1970 's -- and now their real-life counterparts are the topic of an earnest political discussion in japan 's corridors of power . luckily , japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government 's top military official earnestly revealed that the country 's air self defense force ( asdf ) had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object . responding to a query from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker antonio inoki , defense minister gen nakatani told the diet , japan 's parliament , that his jets had , to date , never come across any ufos from outer space . `` when the air self defense force detects indications of an unidentified flying object that could violate our country 's airspace , it scrambles fighter jets if necessary and makes visual observation , '' nakatani said . he continued : `` they sometimes find birds or flying objects other than aircraft but i do n't know of a case of finding an unidentified flying object believed to have come over from anywhere other than earth . '' inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe -- which describes him as `` among the most respected men in sports-entertainment '' -- and is the founder of the new japan pro wrestling organization . he entered japan 's upper house for a second stint in politics in 2013 . he also famously fought muhammad ali in 1976 , in one of the first-ever mixed-discipline matches , which would later pave the way for today 's wildly popular mixed martial arts contests . before his return to politics he was a regular fixture on japanese tv variety shows and has promoted a slew of products , from hot sauce to banks . the maverick politician also traveled to iraq in 1990 to try to secure the release of japanese hostages , and has more recently attempted to replicate former nba star dennis rodman 's `` basketball diplomacy '' by staging a wrestling tournament in north korea . he reportedly converted to islam in the 1990s , although he says he practices both islam and buddhism . the lawmaker , who is universally known in japan for his colossal chin and once-ever-present red scarf -- these days often replaced with a red necktie -- as much as for his political achievements , had asked a upper house budget committee meeting if aircraft were ever scrambled to meet extraterrestrial threats , and if research was being done into alien visitors , prompting nakatani 's response . inoki also claims to have seen a ufo with his own eyes , but admitted that he did n't know personally if aliens existed . the exchange was n't the first time japanese politicians have discussed the implications of visitors from another planet . in 2007 then-defense minister shigeru ishiba pondered the legal ramifications , under japan 's pacifist constitution , of a defense against an invasion from outer space . read more : japan unveils izumo , its largest warship since world war ii .