garissa , kenya ( cnn ) days after a horrific al-shabaab attack on its soil , kenya launched airstrikes targeting the terror group in somalia , according to a military source , who insisted the strikes were not retribution for last week 's massacre at garissa university college that killed nearly 150 people . `` the latest attack of al-shabaab bases by the kenya military is part of the ongoing operations that started in 2011 . it is not a retaliation to the garissa attack . the operation has been ongoing , '' the military source said monday . it is customary for kenyan military sources not to give their names to media . two of the airstrikes hit al-shabaab training camps , according to a resident of the southwest somalian town of bardera , almost 200 kilometers ( 125 miles ) from the kenyan border , and a local journalist who asked not to be named out of fear for his safety . the kenyan military began its bombing raids sunday afternoon , targeting the al-shabaab stronghold of godon dhawe , somali resident ibrahim mohammed said . godon dhawe is between bardera and the somalia-kenya border . al-shabaab , an al qaeda-linked militant group based in somalia , has claimed responsibility for the university attack . also monday , a police source said kenyan authorities had intelligence beforehand that a university in garissa could be attacked , yet the country 's rapid response team was stuck in nairobi for hours after the massacre began , arranging for transport . it 's not clear exactly why the elite team was stuck in the kenyan capital , roughly 370 kilometers ( 230 miles ) west of the attack , but the police source in garissa told cnn that kenyan politicians and nairobi-based journalists arrived on the scene before the team did . journalists on the ground corroborated that report . once the team entered the university complex , the situation was quickly defused , journalists and the police source said . manoah esipisu , a spokesman for kenya 's president and deputy president , defended the response time , telling cnn there is always criticism regarding whether `` you reacted as fast as you have or should n't have . '' `` with the benefit of hindsight you can always say things could have been done better , '' he said , adding that kenyan authorities saved a lot of students and `` got the job done . '' foreign minister amina mohamed echoed those remarks in a monday interview with cnn , saying the response was sufficient and denying reports that it was the elite rapid response team alone that brought an end to the situation . `` we have a military garrison in garissa , and the work began immediately after the attack was reported and continued for a number of hours until we were able to rescue 663 students of the 800 students that had been taken hostage by these terrorists . so the response was adequate , '' she said . she repeated esipisu 's assertion that dubbing the response slow is a reaction that comes only with the luxury of hindsight . `` obviously when parents are grieving and the country is mourning , it 's always easy to fall back on things like that , but i can assure you that we took very quick action as soon as this was reported , '' mohamed said . `` obviously hindsight is always 20/20 . we did everything that we could do . '' the kenyan government says mohamed mohamud is the mastermind of thursday 's terrorist attack on garissa university college . the country 's interior ministry singled out mohamud , a senior leader of al-shabaab , on twitter . he is also known by the aliases dulyadin and gamadhere , it said . mohamud is `` credited with having an extensive terrorist network within kenya , '' according to a kenyan ministry document given to cnn . the ministry posted a `` most wanted '' notice for mohamud . it offers a reward of 20 million kenyan shillings , about $ 215,000 . `` we appeal to anyone with any info on # gamadhere to share with relevant authorities and security agencies , '' the interior ministry posted on twitter . mohamud is in charge of external operations against kenya , the document says , and he is the regional commander within al-shabaab in charge of the juba region . in this role , he commands the militia along the border and `` is responsible for cross-border incursions in the country . '' his position as one of al-shabaab 's top field commanders in southern somalia has brought him into direct conflict with kenyan troops deployed as part of african union forces in the country . `` this is a man who has a lot of grudges against the kenyans , '' said stig jarle hansen , an associate professor at oslo 's norwegian university of life sciences and author of `` al-shabaab in somalia : the history and ideology of a militant islamist group . '' mohamud 's network extends within the dadaab refugee camp , the document says . dadaab is the world 's biggest refugee camp , home to thousands of people , according to the united nations . it 's in kenya 's north eastern province near somalia . garissa , the town where the university attack took place , is about 150 kilometers ( 90 miles ) from the somali border . it 's within `` striking distance '' of mohamud 's stronghold in somalia 's middle juba province , hansen told cnn . but he noted that mohamud is better known `` for tactical military attacks rather than terrorist attacks . '' inside garissa university college dorm 's scene of slaughter . over the weekend , al-shabaab promised to bring about `` another bloodbath '' in kenya . though the terrorist group is based in somalia , it has n't confined its violence to the lawless nation . in 2013 , militants attacked nairobi 's upscale westgate mall . mohamud has claimed responsibility for several attacks in the past few years , including december 's attack on a quarry in a kenyan village near the somali border , which killed at least 36 people . in that attack , al-shabaab militants separated non-muslim workers from their muslim counterparts and killed them . mohamud is kenyan and has three wives and three siblings , including two with links to al-shabaab , the document says . he 's from a clan , the ogaden , that has a heavy presence in kenya and somalia , hansen said . `` the borders historically have been meaningless to them , '' he said . cnn exclusive : exposing smuggler routes across the somalia-kenya border . on sunday , kenya 's interior ministry identified another terrorist involved in the garissa university college attack as abdirahim abdullahi . abdullahi 's father , abdullahi daqare , a government chief in mandera in northern kenya , told cnn that his son was missing . daqare is a kenyan somali , he said . his son graduated in 2013 from nairobi university law school and worked for a bank for two months before he went missing , daqare said in a phone interview . `` i have received reports from people who found information ( on ) the internet that my son was one of the terrorists , '' daqare said . `` i previously told the government that the son is missing . i sought their help to find the whereabouts of my son . '' he added that the two had not been in contact since his son disappeared . daqare said he had `` really given up on him . '' on sunday , families of some of the more than 147 people slain at garissa university college left a mortuary in nairobi after identifying the bodies of their loved ones . one woman almost had to be carried out . `` why ? why ? where are you , my children ? '' she wailed . across garissa , there was a sense of fear , foreboding and grief . the news agency reuters videotaped a man holding his daughter 's hand at a church as military patrols and security officials searched people . a church member told the agency , `` nowhere is safe , but here in church you can come , you be with god and then you just console yourself . '' three days of national mourning for victims of the attack , declared by kenyan president uhuru kenyatta , began sunday . cnn 's christian purefoy and lilian leposo reported from garissa ; eliott c. mclaughlin and greg botelho wrote from atlanta ; and jethro mullen reported and wrote from hong kong . cnn 's christiane amanpour , mick krever , david mckenzie , dominique van heerden , nick migwi , ashley fantz , florence obondo , jessica king and journalist omar nor contributed to this report .