( cnn ) as tourists stroll between yellowstone 's 300 active geysers , taking selfies in front of thousands of bubbling , boiling mud pots and hissing steam vents , they are treading on one of the planet 's greatest time bombs . the park is a supervolcano so enormous , it has puzzled geophysicists for decades , but now a research group , using seismic technology to scan its depths , have made a bombshell discovery . yellowstone 's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought , say scientists from the university of utah . underneath the national park 's attractions and walking paths is enough hot rock to fill the grand canyon nearly 14 times over . most of it is in a newly discovered magma reservoir , which the scientists featured in a study published on thursday in the journal science . it may help scientists better understand why yellowstone 's previous eruptions , in prehistoric times , were some of earth 's largest explosions in the last few million years . the utah scientists also created the first three-dimensional depiction of the geothermal structure under yellowstone , which comprises three parts . yellowstone 's ultimate heat source reaches down 440 to 1,800 miles beneath earth 's surface -- and may come from its molten core . it is responsible for fueling the newly discovered reservoir that lies on top of it . the magma chamber , which scientists already knew about , lies on top of the reservoir -- and draws magma from it . it is a three to nine miles under the surface of the earth and is what fuels the geysers , steaming puddles and other hot attractions . it alone has a volume 2.5 times that of the grand canyon . but those great magma expanses do not mean that the two hellish hollows could overflow the grand canyon with molten rock . the overwhelming bulk of their magma cavities comprise scorching -- yet solid -- rock , which is hollow , like sponges , and filled with pockets of liquefied rock . also , the discovery does n't mean that there is now more magma than there was before , the scientists say . and they are no signs of an imminent eruption . `` the actual hazard is the same , but now we have a much better understanding of the complete crustal magma system , '' said researcher robert b. smith . an eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely , the usgs says . the utah scientists put the yearly chance at 1 in 700,000 -- about the odds that you will be struck by lightning . but when it does blow , it probably will change the world . compared to yellowstone 's past , mount st. helens was a picnic , when it covered washington state with an ash bed about the size of lake michigan in 1980 . mount pinatubo , which exploded in the philippines in 1991 , does n't begin to scratch the surface of yellowstone 's roar . nor did krakatoa in 1883 , which killed thousands , and the final explosion of which reportedly ruptured the eardrums of people 40 miles away . to understand the consequences of yellowstone 's previous eruptions , open the history books to 1815 , when mount tambora blew many cubic miles of debris skyward and killed about 10,000 inhabitants of indonesia in an instant , according to a report in smithsonian magazine . its dust may have blocked sunlight around the world , chilling the air and dropping the earth 's climate into a frigid phase that garnered the year 1816 the `` year without a summer , '' some climatologists believe . it may have led to frosty crop failures in europe and north america . tambora blew 36 cubic miles of debris into the sky . yellowstone has dwarfed that at least three times , the usgs says . the explosions have left deep scars , and park goers often become familiar with one -- the yellowstone caldera , which takes up much of the park and is lined by a roundish mountainous ridge . the caldera is a volcanic crater some 40- by 25-miles large , left behind when 240 cubic miles of debris ruptured out of the earth and into the air during volcanic discharge some 630,000 years ago , usgs says . lava flowed into the breach , filling it , which may account for the lack of a deeper crater . long before that , 2 million years ago , volcanic activity blew 600 cubic miles of yellowstone debris into the air . those were the two largest eruptions in north america in a few million years , the usgs said , and they each buried in ash more than a third of what is now the continental u.s . `` if another large caldera-forming eruption were to occur at yellowstone , its effects would be worldwide , '' the usgs says . it would drastically shift the world 's climate . so , it 's no wonder scientists have cast an eye on yellowstone for a while . the utah researchers gave the yellowstone 's magma bowels a sort of ct scan , said lead researcher hsin-hua huang . volcanic activity triggers 2,000 to 3,000 small earthquakes per year , and the shake and shock waves travel at different speeds through molten , hot and other rock . it allowed them to develop a detailed model of the seething expanse beneath yellowstone that makes it what it is . here are the upper magma chamber and lower magma reservoir by the numbers . the upper chamber , which caused the historic blasts and is closest to the surface , is 2,500 cubic miles in volume and measures about 19 by 55 miles . the lower reservoir , which has a volume of 11,200 cubic miles , measures about 30 by 44 miles and is about 16 miles thick . even if the next explosion is many thousands of years away , yellowstone 's cavernous heat tanks poke up an occasionally surprise . the last lava flow was some 70,000 years ago , usgs says . but more recently in 2003 , ground temperatures rose high enough to dry out geysers and boil the sap in some trees . a few inches under the surface , thermometers recorded a temperature of 200 degrees fahrenheit -- nearly hot enough to boil water . so , national park authorities closed yellowstone to keep people from burning their feet -- or basting their tires on melting roads . calbuco volcano erupts for first time in more than 40 years . university of utah seismologists discover magma reservoir under yellowstone from the university of utah on vimeo .