( cnn ) deputies rushed kenneth morgan stancil iii from court thursday after the 20-year-old murder suspect swore at a judge and tried to flip over a table . stancil is accused of killing an employee monday at wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina . relatives have said victim ron lane was gay , cnn affiliate wncn reported , and investigators are looking into whether the shooting was a hate crime . authorities arrested stancil after he was found sleeping on a florida beach on tuesday . just a few minutes into thursday 's hearing on the first-degree murder charge he faces , stancil snapped back at the judge after he was offered a court-appointed lawyer . `` no , i do n't need one , '' said stancil , who stood before the judge with his legs shackled and his arms handcuffed in front of him . `` you know what i 'm saying ? i knew i would get life anyway . '' superior court judge arnold o. jones interjected , pointing out that the maximum sentence stancil faces is the death penalty . `` yes , i know that , '' stancil fired back . `` but when i knew what i had to do and i knew when i got caught , you know , i knew in my mind that i could get life , i could get the death penalty . you know what i 'm saying ? do you follow my topic ? i would have killed you , you know what i 'm saying , if you 're a f -- -ing child molester . '' the judge told him not to swear . `` i do n't give a f -- - what you want , '' stancil said , lunging forward and lifting up the table in front of him . deputies quickly corralled him and hustled him from the courtroom . the hearing resumed about 25 minutes later , when stancil was brought back into the courtroom , this time with his arms handcuffed behind him . when asked again by jones whether he wanted a lawyer , his response was quick -- and calm . `` yes , sir , '' he said . in an interview with cnn affiliate wral , stancil described himself as a neo-nazi and said he hates gay people `` with a passion . '' stancil had worked for lane , the school 's print shop operator , as part of a work-study program , but was let go from the program in early march because of poor attendance , college officials said . during the interview , and during a court appearance in florida on tuesday , stancil said lane deserved to die , accusing him of being a child molester who 'd made advances in online messages to stancil 's 16-year-old brother . lane 's family has described those accusations as untrue and slanderous . his cousin , steve smith , told wral that lane never made sexual advances toward children or anyone with whom he worked . he described him as a loving man who was dedicated to family and friends . `` yes , ron was gay . but people need to get over it , '' smith said . `` that 's between him and the lord , him and his savior . ''