( cnn ) a lot of questions . not too many answers . exactly one week after being taken into police custody in baltimore , freddie gray died sunday under circumstances that are unclear . `` the questions that many of you have are the same questions that we 're asking : how was mr. gray injured ? were our proper protocols and procedures actually followed ? what are the next steps to take from here ? '' said baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake . an attorney for gray 's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up . `` on last sunday morning at about 8 a.m. , the police chased freddie gray , a ... healthy man , without any evidence he had committed a crime . his take-down and arrest without probable cause occurred under a police video camera , which taped everything including the police dragging and throwing freddy into a police vehicle while he screamed in pain , '' attorney william murphy jr. said in a statement . video recorded at the scene shows gray , with his hands behind his back , screaming as police raise him to his feet . they drag him to a waiting van . `` he lapsed into a coma , died , was resuscitated , stayed in a coma and on monday , underwent extensive surgery at shock trauma to save his life . he clung to life for seven days and died today at approximately 7 a.m. we believe the police are keeping the circumstances of freddie 's death secret until they develop a version of events that will absolve them of all responsibility , '' said murphy . the attorney added that gray 's spinal cord was severely injured . at this point , police are declining to say much about the case , citing ongoing administrative and criminal investigations . they have not released the incident report , nor have they released the names of the officers involved . they have said that those officers have been placed on administrative duties . when asked why officers first encountered gray , baltimore police dept . capt . eric kowalczyk told cnn that they had been working in an area known for violent crime and drug sales . when the officers approached him , gray fled , kowalczyk said . gray 's death comes amid a string of recent deaths involving white officers and black suspects . the death of michael brown in ferguson , missouri , touched off protests and sparked a nationwide debate over race and policing . brown , an unarmed black teen , was shot by darren wilson , a white officer , last august . according to cnn affiliate wjz , protesters rallied over the weekend in baltimore , demanding answers . `` our hope and goal here is to be as informative as we can without compromising the criminal investigation , '' said kowalczyk . `` we 're very troubled by this . we want to find out the answers as much as the public does . '' cnn 's vivan kuo and janet digiacomo contributed to this report .