( cnn ) the mass killings of armenians in the ottoman empire , which began 100 years ago friday , is said by some scholars and others to have been the first genocide of the 20th century , even though the word `` genocide '' did not exist at the time . the issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional , both for armenians , who are descended from those killed , and for turks , the heirs to the ottomans . for both groups , the question touches as much on national identity as on historical facts . some armenians feel their nationhood can not be fully recognized unless the truth of what happened to their forebears is acknowledged . some turks still view the armenians as having been a threat to the ottoman empire in a time of war , and say many people of various ethnicities -- including turks -- were killed in the chaos of war . in addition , some turkish leaders fear that acknowledgment of a genocide could lead to demands for huge reparations . so , what do we know about happened in those fateful days ? here are some answers : the ottoman turks , having recently entered world war i on the side of germany and the austro-hungarian empire , were worried that armenians living in the ottoman empire would offer wartime assistance to russia . russia had long coveted control of constantinople ( now istanbul ) , which controlled access to the black sea -- and therefore access to russia 's only year-round seaports . many historians agree that the number was about 2 million . however , victims of the mass killings also included some of the 1.8 million armenians living in the caucasus under russian rule , some of whom were massacred by ottoman forces in 1918 as they marched through east armenia and azerbaijan . by 1914 , ottoman authorities were already portraying armenians as a threat to the empire 's security . then , on the night of april 23-24 , 1915 , the authorities in constantinople , the empire 's capital , rounded up about 250 armenian intellectuals and community leaders . many of them ended up deported or assassinated . april 24 , known as red sunday , is commemorated as genocide remembrance day by armenians around the world . friday is the 100th anniversary of that day . this is a major point of contention . estimates range from 300,000 to 2 million deaths between 1914 and 1923 , with not all of the victims in the ottoman empire . but most estimates -- including one of 800,000 between 1915 and 1918 , made by ottoman authorities themselves -- fall between 600,000 and 1.5 million . whether due to killings or forced deportation , the number of armenians living in turkey fell from 2 million in 1914 to under 400,000 by 1922 . almost any way one can imagine . while the death toll is in dispute , photographs from the era document some mass killings . some show ottoman soldiers posing with severed heads , others with them standing amid skulls in the dirt . the victims are reported to have died in mass burnings and by drowning , torture , gas , poison , disease and starvation . children were reported to have been loaded into boats , taken out to sea and thrown overboard . rape , too , was frequently reported . in addition , according to the website armenian-genocide.org , `` the great bulk of the armenian population was forcibly removed from armenia and anatolia to syria , where the vast majority was sent into the desert to die of thirst and hunger . '' no . genocide was not even a word at the time , much less a legally defined crime . the word `` genocide '' was invented in 1944 by a polish lawyer named raphael lemkin to describe the nazis ' systematic attempt to eradicate jews from europe . he formed the word by combining the greek word for race with the latin word for killing . genocide became a crime in 1948 , when the united nations approved the convention on the prevention and punishment of the crime of genocide . the definition included acts meant `` to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group . '' armenia , the vatican , the european parliament , france , russia and canada . germany is expected to join that group on friday , the 100th anniversary of the start of the killings . turkey , the united states , the european commission , the united kingdom and the united nations . a u.n. subcommittee called the killings genocide in 1985 , but current u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon declines to use the word . also , a year ago , on the eve of the 99th anniversary of red sunday , then-turkish prime minister ( now-president ) recep tayyip erdogan offered condolences for the mass killings , which he said had `` inhumane consequences . '' while turkey vehemently continues to reject the word `` genocide , '' his remarks went further than those of any previous turkish leader in acknowledging the suffering of armenians .