kathmandu , nepal ( cnn ) rescuers in nepal have pulled a man from the wreckage of a building where he was stuck for a staggering 82 hours after the devastating earthquake that hit the country saturday . his survival is unusual , as experts say it 's rare for injured people who are trapped to hold out for longer than 72 hours after a disaster . the man , rishi khanal , was saved after a french search and rescue team found him under the rubble on the outskirts of kathmandu , the capital , around noon tuesday , said pushparam k.c. , a spokesman for the armed police force of nepal . the team used specialized gear that detects signs of life , he said . but it took about 10 more hours for the french team and police officers to dig him out , the spokesman said . a police video of the rescue showed the teams drilling through concrete to reach khanal 's location and then hauling him up through the hole . they then carried him out of the ruined building on a stretcher . on wednesday afternoon , khanal , 27 , had just undergone surgery and was resting , surrounded by family and friends . he had suffered a crushed foot and was too weak and distraught to talk about his traumatic experience . `` it seems he survived by sheer willpower , '' said akhilesh shrestha , a doctor who treated khanal , according to the reuters news agency . khanal 's story of survival is n't the only one to emerge from the terrible destruction wrought by the quake , which has killed more than 5,000 people . a 4-month-old baby was rescued from a destroyed building in the town of bhaktapur at least 22 hours after the quake struck , the newspaper kathmandu today reported . a nepali military team had failed to notice the child during its search but returned after his cry was heard , the newspaper said . the little boy , whose name is sonit awal , was reported to be in stable condition without any internal injuries , according to initial examinations . cnn has n't independently confirmed sonit 's rescue , but the newspaper published photos showing the dust-caked infant being lifted by nepali soldiers in the ruined structure . tanka maya sitoula , a 40-year-old mother of four , was at home in kathmandu when the earthquake shook the city , bringing the five-story building down around her ground-floor apartment . she endured 36 long hours trapped in a room before an indian rescue team freed her . she escaped without injury , apparently protected by a beam . sitoula says she remained confident she would survive amid the rubble . `` i heard people making noise outside , so i thought i would be rescued , '' she said , as she and her family sheltered on the grounds of a nearby school . what did she do for 36 hours ? `` i was just lying down , '' she said . `` there was no room to move here and there . '' sitoula 's husband , mahendra , a butcher , said he called out for help for hours after the quake , as he could hear her shouting in the rubble of the collapsed building . it took 18 hours before the necessary help arrived , he said . and it took another 18 hours to free her . jon keisi was buried for more than 60 hours under the wreckage of a seven-story building in kathmandu that came tumbling down around him during the quake . rescue workers flown in from turkey had to help carve a tunnel deep into the debris to reach him . encased in an orange stretcher , he was lifted to safety tuesday . but he cried out in pain after his rescuers set him down , shaking his head from side to side . one of the hard-hat-wearing search team members that crowded around him called for water . keisi was injured and dehydrated , but the rescuers said they were confident he would survive . cnn 's elizabeth joseph reported from kathmandu , and cnn 's jethro mullen wrote from hong kong . cnn 's moni basu , manesh shrestha , ivan watson , tim hume and pamela boykoff contributed to this report .