( cnn ) mao zedong 's `` little red book , '' a selection of the chairman 's quotations , was required reading during china 's cultural revolution in the 1960s and 70s . china has now updated the practice for the digital age -- launching a smartphone app starring its current leader , president xi jinping , and featuring his latest speeches , statements and publications . designed by the central party school , which trains chinese communist party leaders , the app aims to `` arouse enthusiasm '' for socialist ideologies . `` with the help of internet technology , we hope that the theories of socialism with chinese characteristics will be presented in a way that appeals to web users , '' chen jiancai , the managing editor of the school 's official web site , said , according to xinhua , china 's state news agency . the app features the latest news about xi and allows users to access the traditional texts that xi quotes from . it even has an interactive map that allows you to pinpoint exactly where he made the speeches . it 's unclear how many people have downloaded the app , which is available on apple 's app store . willy lam , a china politics scholar at the chinese university of hong kong told cnn the app forms part of xi 's efforts to cultivate a very different image to his predecessors . xi is keen to be portrayed as a strong leader and as a man of the people -- he 's been photographed eating dumplings and has appeared in three animated cartoons . his down-to-earth behavior has drawn a huge number of fans , who address him as `` xi dada '' -- big uncle xi -- but it 's also aroused concern among some china analysts , who believe that xi is using the state propaganda apparatus to build a cult of personality . `` this is the 21st century 's little red book , '' lam says . `` he wants to be the supreme authority and build his prestige . the personality cult campaign will only grow . '' the app drew mixed reviews online and on social media . one headline on a technology news site read `` how can you call yourself chinese if you do n't download it ? '' some said the app , called xuexi zhongguo , which translates to `` study china , '' would be a handy study tool . `` xuexi zhongguo is an extremely useful app ... for civil servants selection tests , '' says one weibo user @ afeixiaoxiaozhuai . but others said they would boycott it . `` if they introduce an android version , i 'll get an iphone . and if it 's in apple store , i 'll say i can only afford an android phone . if they are available on both systems , i 'll get a nokia -- sorry , i ca n't afford a smartphone , '' said @ mujia .