( cnn ) the public outrage over the `` religious freedom '' bills recently passed in arkansas and indiana caught the governors of those states completely off-guard , judging by their confused and contradictory responses . as poll watchers , they surely knew that most americans now oppose the discriminatory laws and practices they accepted as normal only a dozen years ago . but the politicians underestimated the pushback organized by local and national businesses , including companies with no previous record of public support for social equality . they had better adjust to a new reality . for the past three decades , socially conservative evangelicals and pro-business interests have been powerfully allied against government regulations , environmental initiatives and social welfare programs , while supporting lower taxes for the wealthy and pushing back against the growing diversity in america 's population . for many , this alliance been puzzling : other , equally devout christians who place more emphasis on jesus christ 's message of unconditional love and on his denunciations of excessive wealth and neglect of the poor , have been uncomfortable with it , as have many business leaders . their priorities , after all , are based on the bottom line . and companies that sell goods and services to the public are learning that support for discrimination -- or even passive acceptance of it -- threatens that bottom line . hence , after indiana gov . mike pence signed a law that opened a new door for discrimination against same-sex couples , the threat of boycotts and other retaliation was swift , from groups as diverse as the national collegiate athletic association , the indiana pacers , walmart , eli lilly , apple and even the marriott international hotel chain . marriott international was founded by j.w . marriott , a dedicated mormon , and is now run by his son bill , also a mormon who fully accepts his church 's teachings about traditional marriage . yet in june , marriott international launched a `` # love travels '' marketing campaign , aimed at attracting lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender travelers with an assurance of `` the company 's commitment to make everyone feel comfortable about who they are . '' asked about the discrepancy between his religious rejection of same-sex marriage and his marketing overtures to same-sex honeymooners , marriott pointed to the bible 's injunction of unconditional love , but added `` beyond that , i am very careful about separating my personal faith and beliefs from how we run our business . '' in 2014 , global spending by lgbt travelers was estimated at more than $ 200 billion , and spending by this market segment is rising much faster than overall spending on travel . so marriott worries when states start to make such travelers feel unwelcome . businesses seeking to develop brand loyalty among younger consumers have a special incentive to highlight their rejection of anti-gay bias . a cnn poll taken in february found that 72 % of millennials nationwide believe that same-sex couples have the right to have their marriages recognized as valid . even among white evangelical protestants , 43 % of millennials support same-sex marriage , compared with less than 20 % of those their grandparents ' age , 68 and older . it used to be that businesses could close their eyes to discrimination in areas geographically isolated from the more liberal coasts , but that is no longer possible . according to researchers for mtv 's `` look different '' anti-bias campaign , 90 % of youths aged 14 to 24 agree that it is important to make their communities a less biased place , and almost 80 % say that everyone has a responsibility to help tackle bias . so who 's the `` moral majority '' now ? for media-savvy millennials , following that moral imperative means spreading the news about discrimination wherever it occurs and reaching beyond geographic boundaries to mobilize against it . in the first 24 hours after arkansas passed its version of the `` religious freedom '' bill , the twitter hashtag # boycottarkansas was used 12,000 times . it then snowballed after celebrity blogger perez hilton tweeted it to his 5.9 million twitter followers . america has crossed a threshold where it is no longer a good business model or political strategy to be intolerant of diversity , whether that pertains to race , ethnicity , gender or sexual orientation . since 2011 , the majority of children that have been born in the united states each year are members of racial or ethnic minorities . hispanics are projected to account for most of the growth in the labor force between now and 2060 . women now lead men in educational attainment . and more than half of americans live in states where same-sex marriage is legal . business leaders and politicians who ignore or offend these constituencies do so at their own peril .