( cnn ) just kill it already . that was the sentiment of many `` vampire diaries '' fans on tuesday after star nina dobrev announced she will be leaving the cw show at the end of this season . `` i always knew i wanted elena 's story to be a six season adventure , and within those six years i got the journey of a lifetime , '' she posted on her social media accounts after a `` goodbye party '' at lake lanier outside atlanta , where the show is filmed . `` i was a human , a vampire , a doppelganger , a crazy immortal , a doppelganger pretending to be human , a human pretending to be a doppelganger . i got kidnapped , killed , resurrected , tortured , cursed , body-snatched , was dead and undead , and there 's still so much more to come before the season finale in may . '' and while that may be true , fans were feeling a little jilted . many chastised the show 's producers , some even dobrev herself , for allowing the show to go on to a seventh season this fall after she departs . many were upset that dobrev 's departure could sink hopes of seeing a satisfying denouement to the relationship between dobrev 's character , elena gilbert , and love interest vampire damon salvatore . fans called the couple `` delena . '' `` i feel angry , sad , depressed , numb but most of all i feel like part of me died along with nina leaving tvd . nothing will be the same again , '' twitter user idamonandelena posted . producer julie plec issued a statement supporting dobrev 's decision . `` nina is excited to spread her wings , get some rest , travel the world and also take it by storm , and we support her a thousand-fold , '' she said in the statement , according to media accounts . `` we will miss nina and the four hundred characters she played , but we look forward to the insane and exciting challenge of continuing to tell stories of our salvatore brothers and our much-loved and gifted ensemble . '' no thanks , some fans said . dobrev seemed to anticipate the pain , urging fans to hold on through the show 's finale next month . `` if you think you know what 's coming , you do n't , '' she said .