( cnn ) the greater adjutant stork is a majestic bird . standing about 5 feet tall with an average wingspan of 8 feet , it soars over the boragaon landfill like a great protector . it knows the residents and shies away from strangers . `` they are intelligent birds . every time i got close to them they would fly away , '' photographer timothy bouldry said . the dirty , wet conditions of the landfill attracted the endangered stork , and the stork attracted bouldry . through a series of photos taken within a day , he captures what it 's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in india . the boragaon landfill is located in the city of guwahati , about 300 miles from bangladesh near the bhutanese border . it 's 94 acres of mostly fresh waste , surrounded by swamplands . ( other landfills , bouldry says , contain older , compacted trash . ) for the past seven years , bouldry has traveled the world photographing landfills . he 's visited places such as haiti , venezuela and colombia . the greater adjutant stork initially drew bouldry to boragaon , but he became connected with the people . about 100 families live inside the boragaon landfill . every day , they search the area for treasure -- a tiny scrap of metal , a bit of plastic , maybe a bone . they use large hooks to sort through the garbage , which sometimes reaches two or three stories high . they work in teams , and more than often they are barefoot . `` they do n't look at the things they 're doing as being unsanitary or unhealthy or unsafe , '' bouldry said . they collect plastic , metal and wires and sell it by the pound . the families make around $ 2 per day . their homes are constructed by recycled materials , with sometimes several families living in one shanty at a time . with no electricity , no running water -- and an overabundance of trash -- they are experts at repurposing . `` you might see a refrigerator being used as a closet , '' he said . social media . follow @ cnnphotos on twitter to join the conversation about photography . some of the children living in boragaon go to school on scholarship , but most of them work in the landfill to provide for their families . but do n't be deceived : the people living here feel anything but destitute . bouldry uses words such as `` love , '' `` hope '' and `` spirituality '' to describe them . `` i found that the landfill community is content , '' bouldry said . `` they are not jaded by modern civilization . '' bouldry lives and works inside the la chureca landfill in nicaragua , one of the largest landfills in the world . he helps the people living there grow gardens fertilized with compost he makes with organic waste from local smoothie shops . in addition to his photography , he teaches english and yoga classes a few times per week . but why ? bouldry went to art school in boston . he 's no stranger to sophisticated civilization . he said he found humanitarian photo projects to be the most fulfilling , and he became especially intrigued by landfills even though they are `` scary , dirty and kind of grotesque . '' `` this is my ' thank you ' to the informal recyclers of the world , '' he said . timothy bouldry is a photographer based in new hampshire . you can follow him on facebook and twitter .