( cnn ) sophisticated , glamorous and spacious -- when the super-rich go house-hunting they are searching for something special . real estate in london 's swankier suburbs can catch a buyers ' eye . mayfair , kensington and chelsea have long been the stomping ground of the elite -- and are now welcoming a new wave of african investors . `` the africans who are coming into london now are africans who themselves have worked for their money , '' explains bimpe nkontchou , a british-nigerian wealth manager based in london . `` they have grown in industry and are actually part of the exciting story of the african renaissance , '' she continues . `` it 's bringing to london the best of the continent . '' these investors are having a considerable impact on london 's property market and they mainly come from just six countries : nigeria , ghana , congo , gabon , cameroon and senegal . of these , nigerians are splashing out the most cash when it comes to bricks and mortar in the british capital -- typically spending between $ 22 and $ 37 million on securing a property , according to luxury property agents beauchamp estates . their research shows that over the past three years africans have spent over $ 900 million on luxury residential property in london . `` the new international african is very well-traveled , '' explains nkontchou . `` educated in the u.s. , uk and different parts of europe their taste is definitely more modern and clean . '' 'safe-haven ' owning a home in post codes like w1 or w8 -- around the corner from kensington palace -- means more than having a place to lay your head . these buildings are investments which are expected to gain even bigger value in the coming years . high-end auction house sotheby 's says that foreign investors see london as a `` safe haven '' for prime property investments , and ranks the city as the second most important hub for ultra high-net-worth homes . the only spot more important on the planet is new york city . for evidence that london still attracts high-end buyers , look no further than the sale of a penthouse in mayfair which fetched $ 40 million earlier this year . educated thinking . as well as an intelligent investment , many of the african buyers see these houses as a way of maintaining long standing cultural ties with london -- and it 's here they want to send their children to school . harrow , eton , cheltenham ladies college are all among the list of respected institutions that teach the offspring of wealthy africans . the nigerian embassy in london calculates that nigerian nationals now spend over $ 446 million per year on fees , tutoring and accommodation at british schools and university . `` west african clients are very much driven by the need to educate their children , '' says nkontchou . `` education usually means putting the children on an international stage , and that 's one reason why this is feeding into the demand for property in london . '' indeed , education industry experts icef monitor say there were over 17,500 nigerians studying in british universities in 2012 -- about 1,000 more than the 2009/10 academic session . and experts are expecting this trend to continue . `` virtually all the transactions are for end use , not rental investment , which indicates that the african buyer market in london has significant room for growth , '' says gary hersham , director at beauchamp estates . `` african buyers or luxury tenants in london are currently where the russians and ukrainians were five years ago . they have the resources and desire to purchase or rental luxury homes in prime central london , '' he adds . `` it is going to be the african century . `` more from marketplace africa . read this : africa 's green lean speed machines . read this : african designs rocking art world . editor 's note : cnn marketplace africa covers the macro trends impacting the region and also focuses on the continent 's key industries and corporations .