( cnn ) the latest outbreak of bird flu -- the worst in the u.s. since the 1980s -- is not a likely threat to humans , reports the centers for disease control and prevention . but as with any potential threat to human health , they are preparing for the worst just in case . the cdc and the united states department of agriculture held a press conference wednesday to talk about preparations . `` the risk to humans is low , our food supply is safe , '' said dr. john clifford , the usda 's chief veterinary officer . `` we know how to address disease when we find it . '' since mid-december , 16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry , backyard chickens , and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds , according to the cdc . that number will likely grow as birds with the disease fly from one state to the next . on monday , health leaders in iowa said more than 5 million hens would have to be euthanized after bird flu was detected at a commercial laying facility there . in the united states , some 3.5 million birds had already been euthanized to prevent the spread of the disease , according to the usda . iowa has about 60 million laying hens , according to the iowa egg council and is the top egg producer in the country . california and minnesota , two of the country 's top 10 egg producing states have also seen cases . the news is bad for the birds , but not for humans . the cdc considers the likelihood of bird to human transmission of the virus `` low '' according to dr. alicia fry , a medical officer with the cdc national center for immunization and respiratory disease , influenza division , epidemiology and prevention branch . `` that said , human infections have occurred '' with another strain of the virus , found in africa and in asia , so the cdc can not rule out the possibility of human infection , fry said . `` we are cautiously optimistic '' that it wo n't spread to humans , but `` we are prepared for the possibility , '' she added . they are studying the current virus and creating candidate vaccines which could be used if one were ever needed . the usda is also working on a potential vaccine for the birds . these are typical routine public health preparedness measures . the cdc said it is also monitoring at least 100 people who have worked with sick birds . none of the workers have gotten sick themselves . most of the people who have become infected with the other strains of the virus in asia and africa have had direct or prolonged contact with infected birds . the virus does not spread through people eating chickens or eggs . birds that are sick die quickly , according to clifford . incubation period is three to five days generally . with turkeys , they go off their water and their feed when they are sick and become lethargic or have a condition called `` torticollis '' or `` stargazing '' he said , and they die shortly after that . farmers also see a drop in egg production . commercial growers have taken extra precautions to disinfect vehicle tires and any equipment that comes into contact with the birds . workers must also disinfect their shoes and hands when they go from building to building to reduce contamination . with popular backyard birds , the usda suggests people try and protect their animals from coming into contact with wild water fowl that may carry the virus . the cdc said , as with any evolving public health situation , they will continue to provide updated information as it becomes available . the good news is the virus does n't like warm weather or strong sunlight , according to the usda . so the cases should go down over the summer , but they are going to monitor the situation knowing that it could come back in the fall .