( cnn ) a look at oklahoma city , 20 years later . a fly-by of pluto , 4 billion miles away . and the struggle to save the last male northern white rhino in the world . these are your best videos of the week : on april 19 , 1995 , the alfred r. murrah federal building in oklahoma city , oklahoma , was bombed by two disaffected young americans . one hundred sixty-eight people died in the terrorist attack , including 19 children . as the 20th anniversary of the tragedy approaches , cnn captured video of the memorial that stands on the site today . the video is at the top of this story . the use of marijuana as a medicinal treatment actually dates back millennia , to at least 2730 b.c . cnn 's sanjay gupta looks at the history of the herb in medicine -- including its prescription by queen victoria 's doctor . watch the video : just because you 're a politician does n't mean you come naturally to glad-handing . from the `` swing and miss '' to the `` smile , the cameras are rolling , '' the video age has captured a number of strange attempts by politicians attempting to look socially casual . watch the video : just as jimmy fallon become the go-to guy for viral video , newly minted `` late late show '' host james corden began staking his claim . cnn 's lisa france addresses the latest late-night matchups . watch the video : on thursday , a video of espn reporter britt mchenry insulting a tow company clerk came out -- and immediately went viral . mchenry was suspended for a week . watch the video : there are just four countries in the entire world that do n't guarantee any form of paid maternity leave . the u.s. is one of them . this and other details of women 's status in the united states are examined in this video , as well as a remarkable series by cnn 's jessica ravitz . watch the video : five northern white rhinoceroses are left in the entire world . all are in captivity -- and just one is male . he 's now being protected by armed guards around the clock . watch the video : tepco , the japanese utility , sent a robot in to examine the remains of the fukushima nuclear plant , destroyed in a 2011 tsunami . what it recorded was startling . watch the video : leave it to nasa to create a car that might make the problems of parallel parking a thing of the past . oh , and it 'll also probably work well on space missions . former nfl player aaron hernandez was found guilty of murder earlier this week . what happened at his trial ? watch the video : this summer , after nine years traveling through space , the new horizons spacecraft is scheduled to reach pluto . what will we learn ? some new pictures offer clues .