aden , yemen ( cnn ) it did n't look like much , but we 'd been told it was typical of the kind of craft ferrying the route between djibouti and aden . better , everyone advised , to be low key , even if low key meant faded lights and three water pumps chugging at all times . the wooden vessel was called mecca — after the holy city . we were told we 'd be at the port in aden by the next morning , but as the hours ticked by it soon became apparent that that was wildly optimistic . morning came and we were still only halfway there . we 'd been given a secure route , charted for us by the djiboutian coast guard . it meant hugging the coastline , trying to stay as much as possible out of the deeper water in the middle of the gulf of aden where the world 's navies seemed to be squaring off . it was almost double the distance of the direct route . add to that a strong current -- and stomach-churning seas -- and it felt like we would spend an eternity on board . after our second sunset , we were finally close enough for my phone to ping with a yemeni welcome message . however , we could n't risk arriving at night ; even getting too close to shore would risk being mistaken for a re-supply vessel and potentially taking a saudi hit . the captain slowed the boat to a crawl so the remaining miles would stretch until daybreak . finally , morning came . it was time to go into town to see what life was like for the people of aden . we were n't really sure what to expect but we did know we could n't stay for long . from the moment we stepped through the gates of the port , we were met by noise and desperation , shoving and shouting . `` where are you going ? '' `` i 'll pay , i 'll pay '' `` are you here to take the americans ? '' i shouted back that we 'd return soon . we had just five hours on the ground and we needed to visit the hospital , the shuttered markets , the frontlines . there was so much we needed to see . the crowds clustered around our camera lens , asking `` why ? '' `` why is this happening ? '' `` why has n't it stopped ? '' it felt like no time had passed before we were told we had to go . the shelling had begun . we 'd been hearing pops of sniper fire all day but now we could hear rounds of automatic weapons and they were getting louder . as we arrived back at port , we found we were n't leaving alone . after waiting at port , praying a passing ship would dock , ours had become an unexpected lifeline for some of the families caught in the fighting . the harbor-master asked if we could take 60 refugees . it did n't feel like the answer could be anything but yes . what we did n't realize until it was too late was that the refugees were being charged $ 300 a person : an `` exit fee . '' those who did n't have the money were pushed back behind the wrought iron gates of the port . those that did shared our day-and-a-half trip home . as the shores of djibouti grew closer , you could see the uncertainty begin to take over . many of them had come from comfortable lives , before the war shattered them . they had left homes that once hummed with air conditioners and televisions . would the camps have tvs , they asked . no , they would n't , i said . what i did n't say was that they 'd be lucky to have electricity . but woven amid the uncertainty was the relief of escape . some of the refugees took over our ship 's galley -- the kitchen . they 'd found a former chef amongst their number who commandeered the store cupboard , sending out a pick and mix of heaped trays . we got tuna spaghetti and more turkish coffee than our cameraman byron could possibly drink . because we 'd brought refugees back with us , we were asked by the djibouti coast guard to dock in the country 's north , in obok , so they could be given the proper status while they wait to see what happens back home . the immigration officials were -- understandably -- a little bemused by our presence amongst a boatload of people fleeing yemen , but to their credit they decided the important thing was that these families were now safe . from there djibouti port was just a few hours away , hours that stretched into infinity for the families ringing my phone to check that their loved ones had made it into harbor . over the last few hours , people had shyly come up to ask if they could borrow our phone to tell their families they were safe . now a deluge of anxious parents , siblings and partners flooded my ear , asking how it could possibly be that we were n't yet on dry land . but eventually we were , and as we watched the djiboutian officials unload what remained of people 's belongings onto shore , it was a reminder that these were the lucky ones . thousands more are still waiting back in yemen , hoping they too will reach a safe port .