( cnn ) a saudi-led coalition tuesday ended its `` operation decisive storm '' -- its nearly monthlong airstrike campaign in yemen -- and a new initiative is underway . `` operation renewal of hope '' will focus on the political process . saudi arabia had launched airstrikes on houthi positions across yemen , hoping to wipe out the iranian-allied rebel group that has overthrown the government and seized power . the saudis say they want to restore the yemeni government , a key u.s. ally in the fight against al qaeda , which was kicked out of the capital by the rebels earlier this year . this month , saudi officials said airstrikes have degraded houthi-controlled military infrastructure , including key buildings in the capital sanaa . the campaign achieved its objectives `` by a very good planning , very precise execution , by the courage of our pilots , our sailors , our soldiers , '' said brig . gen. ahmed asiri , a saudi military spokesman . a senior saudi official told cnn that the houthis agreed to `` nearly all demands '' of the u.n. security council . former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh and his family will leave yemen and never return for a position in politics , the source said . a statement from the saudi embassy in washington outlined objectives of the next phase of operations , including protecting civilians , enhancing humanitarian and medical assistance , confronting terrorism and creating an international coalition to provide maritime security . ground troops will continue to protect the border and confront any attempts to destabilize the situation , asiri said . military action will be taken if needed . but beyond the military campaign , the saudis and their allies have said they want to find a political solution for the violence-plagued nation . the aim is to bring back yemen 's `` security and stability through establishing a political process , '' said a statement from saudi arabia , the united arab emirates , bahrain , qatar and kuwait . ousted yemen president abdu rabu mansour hadi thanked the saudi-led coalition . hadi claims he 's yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with the saudis and other allies to return to his country . `` we promise to restructure the yemen military to ensure that it serves the people of yemen , '' hadi said , calling on the houthis to withdraw , and saying that he would return to yemen at `` the right time '' to rebuild the country . `` you will witness many changes in the days to come in our mission to build an institutional government and military , far from rebel militancy , '' said hadi . also tuesday , a u.s. military official told cnn that the united states is conducting `` manned reconnaissance '' off yemen . the official stressed that the repositioning of u.s. ships over the last days was not done to interdict iranian ships , but to ensure freedom of navigation and maritime security . why is saudi arabia bombing yemen ? cnn 's jethro mullen , tim lister , anas hamdan , jamie crawford and journalist hakim almasmari contributed to this report .