new york ( cnn ) a suburban new york cardiologist has been charged in connection with a failed scheme to have another physician hurt or killed , according to prosecutors . dr. anthony moschetto , 54 , pleaded not guilty wednesday to criminal solicitation , conspiracy , burglary , arson , criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on long island . he was released after posting $ 2 million bond and surrendering his passport . two other men -- identified as james chmela , 43 , and james kalamaras , 41 -- were named as accomplices , according to prosecutors . they pleaded not guilty in nassau county district court , according to authorities . both were released on bail . requests for comment from attorneys representing moschetto and chmela were not returned . it 's unclear whether kalamaras has retained an attorney . moschetto 's attorney , randy zelin , said wednesday that his client `` will be defending himself vigorously , '' the new york post reported . `` doctors are supposed to ensure the health and wellbeing of people , but dr. moschetto is alleged to have replaced that responsibility with brazen , callous and criminal acts , '' acting nassau district attorney madeline singas said in a statement . police officers allegedly discovered approximately 100 weapons at moschetto 's home , including hand grenades , high-capacity magazines and knives . many of the weapons were found in a hidden room behind a switch-activated bookshelf , according to prosecutors . the investigation began back in december , when undercover officers began buying heroin and oxycodone pills from moschetto in what was initially a routine investigation into the sale of prescription drugs , officials said . during the course of the undercover operation , however , moschetto also sold the officers two semiautomatic assault weapons as well as ammunition , prosecutors said . moschetto allegedly told officers during one buy that he needed dynamite to `` blow up a building . '' he later said he no longer needed the dynamite because a friend was setting fire to the building instead . kalamaras and chmela are believed to have taken part in the arson , according to prosecutors . `` the fire damaged but did not destroy the office of another cardiologist whose relationship with dr. moschetto had soured due to a professional dispute , '' according to the statement from the district attorney 's office . moschetto allegedly gave an informant and undercover detective blank prescriptions and cash for the assault and killing of the fellow cardiologist , according to prosecutors . he also requested that the rival 's wife be assaulted if she happened to be present , authorities said . `` he was willing to pay $ 5,000 to have him beaten and put in a hospital for a few months , and then he said he would pay $ 20,000 to have him killed , '' said assistant district attorney anne donnelly , reported cnn affiliate wcbs . the three men are to appear in nassau county district court on friday .