( cnn ) this article contains language that may be offensive to some . since the news broke last weekend that hillary clinton had declared her candidacy , notable among the blitz of news stories are the many that refer to her as the mononymous `` hillary , '' as if she were a pop star in a pantsuit . the new york post published an item titled `` lena dunham backs hillary for president '' while gossip site tmz refers to the former flotus , u.s. senator , and secretary of state on a first-name basis throughout its news story on the announcement . even the new republic posted a piece about the run called `` there 's nothing inevitable about hillary . '' she 's famous enough by now to go by one name , but should she ? while clinton is arguably more widely known than any of her to-date opponents , she 's also a former u.s. senator and secretary of state . she 's not beyoncé . and yet , despite her decorated career in government , we 've long called clinton by her first name , and her first name only , in a way we do n't do with men who have held similar , or even vaguely similar , positions of power . according to a university of utah study , clinton was called by her first name four times more than her 2008 rival , barack obama , and so it goes this time around . after all , rand 's also running for president . so is marco . when those guys declared , however , they got headlines that included their last names . there 's a very good reason for that . presidential candidates are not just professionals , but professionals declaring their candidacy for a position that many consider to be the most powerful in the world . a position that not only deserves formality and respect , but within a global context seems to require it . being president of the united states is a serious job . are there `` ted for president '' signs in our future ? unlikely . were we encouraged to `` vote for mitt '' ? nope . the u.s. army , meanwhile , is one of the most regimented organizations in the world , whose values put dignity and respect at top priority . cadets do n't call their commanding officers by their first names , even -- maybe especially -- if they 're women . so why are we all referring to the possible next commander-in-chief as if we 're part of her circle of close pals ? before you point to the fact that clinton is not the first clinton to cross this particular political threshold , the issue at hand is not one of practicality : the american public is smart enough to distinguish between this clinton and that clinton . george w. bush was n't the first in his family to run for office , and when he did , legitimate newspapers did n't go around noting the `` w '' ( or even `` dubya '' ) was up for the job . he was just bush , as he should have been , just as clinton is just clinton , a woman who has done a very good job distinguishing herself from her husband without the need to be referred to by her first name in order to avoid a case of mistaken identity . of course , the mononymity does n't seem to be unwelcome : sections of clinton 's website invite readers to `` like hillary on facebook '' and read about `` hillary 's story , '' while the campaign 's official hashtag appears to be # hillary2016 . her campaign chairman reportedly emailed potential campaign donors yesterday with the missive that `` it 's official : hillary 's running for president . '' perhaps clinton and her advisers believe the single name makes her more personable , and familiar . maybe it 's an effort to distance clinton from the other gender-based stereotype slapped on her the last time around , when she was `` the bitch '' to sarah palin 's `` ditz . '' but while we should like our president -- if not desire to have her as a personal friend -- it 's far more important to trust , and respect , her -- and that still requires a level of formality . it 's important for the american public to be able to imagine electing a leader not despite the fact that she 's a woman , or even because she 's a woman , but who , very simply , happens to be a woman . whether she endorses the idea or not , calling clinton by her first name serves to , at best , reinforce gender and workplace stereotypes -- that women need to be `` approachable , '' not abrasive or aloof , in order to get the job done and be liked while doing it -- and at worst , infantilize and put her in her place . there 's a reason , after all , that we address current and former presidents as mr. president when we meet them , and not `` hey , jimmy ! '' and if there 's a reason hillary clinton will be elected as our next president , it 's not because she let us call her hillary .