( cnn ) hillary clinton is now officially a candidate for president -- and the never ending clinton story rumbles on . she has been a part of all our lives now for approaching a quarter of a century . she started as the first lady that the right loved to hate , then the deceived wife , next a senator , then a candidate for president in one of the most dynamic primaries in history and finally , a secretary of state . the republicans have their aristocratic bushes , the democrats have their clintons . and if hillary or jeb were to win two presidential terms , then in the 44 years from 1981 to 2025 , 28 will have had a clinton or a bush in the white house . the great american republic now looks about as democratic as `` game of thrones . '' but even though hillary clinton has been around nearly my entire lifetime , the economist may speak for many when it asks : `` what does hillary stand for ? '' there is a paradox she presents : she is by far the best-known presidential candidate across both parties and , for the moment , almost unchallenged within her own . yet even though diane feinstein can assert confidently that hillary `` does n't ' need ' ( the white house ) . but she wants it '' -- the question unanswered is `` what for ? '' and for liberals , who believe that government is there to do something , it 's this lack of definition that is surely so disconcerting about clinton . there are good grounds for a liberal primary challenge to clinton . the economy has revived under obama but , say critics , largely to the benefit of wall street and the super-rich . the riots in ferguson , missouri , were a painful reminder that the poor , particularly the nonwhite poor , have been left behind . clinton 's credentials as a fighter against inequality are mixed . it is true , as the wall street times notes , that she has previously called for `` universal prekindergarten , equal pay for women , increases in the minimum wage , paid family leave , higher taxes on the wealthy and an expanded earned income tax credit for working-poor families . '' but she counts among her friends precisely those corporate people blamed by the occupy crowd for the country 's inequality . clinton is now , wisely , trying to distance herself from the clinton foundation -- after all , its fundraising efforts among foreign interests are hardly the stuff of populist liberalism . then there is her foreign policy record . clinton voted in 2002 to authorize the iraq war ( though in her memoir last year , she backed away from the vote , writing that she `` got it wrong . '' ) as secretary of state , she is easily associated in the mind of the left with such controversies as the war in syria , the crisis in libya and the collapse of the mubarak regime in egypt . that some of these may have had little to do with her is beside the point . clinton is going to have to spend a sizeable amount of time during the primaries explaining and defending the things that occurred while she was working for the obama administration . her personal ethics are on the agenda , too -- as demonstrated by the flap over her use of a private email account . these are the issues that her democratic rivals are running on . in iowa last week , both jim webb and martin o'malley attacked wall street , webb adding that he had also opposed the iraq war . both men questioned the wisdom of clintonian triangulation -- the idea that the white house can be won , and the country successfully governed , by always seeking the middle ground . both men would be wise to focus on iowa ; to contrast a populist , folksy campaign with the distant , over-managed style of clinton . and both would do well to tap into a feeling that it would be unhealthy , undemocratic and plain dull to let hillary coast to the nomination without a proper challenge . nevertheless , there is a strange contradiction between the constant assertions that democrats want a race and the polling evidence that clinton would beat anyone who tried to take her on . why do liberals demand a conversation about policy if the only answer they can still come up with is hillary ? the explanation is that the democratic party is intellectually impoverished . we hear often of the gop 's problems , how out of touch with a changing electorate it is and how it is divided against itself . the democrats ' challenges , however , are just as substantial . they 've just been masked by having a charismatic man in the white house dominating the national conversation . obama was elected at one of the highest points of national democratic popularity . but , since then , democratic power has been whittled away in successive congressional and local elections -- leaving the party without significant representation in the deep south and absent any mildly conservative support at all . everything was staked on obamacare , which was ambitious and noble venture but without an obvious second act to follow . democrats have become about defending the honor and reputation of their president rather than proposing bold new reforms . and the mood of their base can be felt either in the violence in missouri or the disaffected , hollow laughter of `` the daily show '' audience . cynicism abounds . who really imagines that hillary clinton is the kind of personality that can spark a renaissance of thinking or a rejuvenation of activism among liberals ? to repeat the question : what is she exactly running for ? if she has one trump card to play , however , it is reinvention . recall that she started the 2008 primaries out as a moderate , play-it-safe frontrunner and ended them drinking beer in an indiana bar -- reinvented , in the words of barack obama , as annie oakley . if there is little intellectualism left in liberalism , at least hillary clinton is clever . which is why she remains an asset to her party .