( cnn ) the presence of a harmful pesticide at a luxury villa in the u.s. virgin islands may have resulted in the illness of a delaware family , the u.s. environmental protection agency said friday . paramedics were called last week to a rented villa at the sirenusa resort in st. john after the family of four fell ill . they had rented the villa from march 14 to march 22 , and were later hospitalized . the illness was reported to the epa on march 20 . `` our preliminary results do show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying , '' said elias rodriguez , an epa spokesman . exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects , including central nervous system and respiratory system damage , according to the epa . the use of the pesticide is restricted in the united states because of its acute toxicity . it 's not allowed to be used indoors . only certified professionals are permitted to use it in certain agricultural settings . `` it 's an ongoing investigation ; we 're still on the island doing our assessment , '' rodriguez said . `` we have been doing different types of air sampling and wipe sampling . '' final test results were expected next week . the epa is working with local government agencies to investigate whether the family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on march 18 and whether any environmental regulations or laws were violated . `` pesticides can be very toxic , and it is critically important that they be applied properly and used only as approved by epa , '' said judith a. enck , a regional administrator for the epa . `` the epa is actively working to determine how this happened and will make sure steps are taken to prevent this from happening to others at these vacation apartments or elsewhere . '' depending on the season , the luxury villa where the family stayed rents between $ 550 and $ 1,200 per night . sea glass vacations , which acts as a rental agent for several units at sirenusa , said that the unit directly below the one where the family stayed was recently treated for pests , but that their unit was not treated . the company said it licensed an outside company , terminix , for the pest control services . `` sea glass vacations does not treat the units it manages for pests but instead relies on licensed professionals for pest control services , '' the company said in a statement . the u.s. department of justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter , according to a u.s. securities and exchange commission filing made monday by servicemaster global holdings , the parent company of terminix . in an email to cnn , a spokesman for terminix wrote that the company is `` committed to performing all work ... in a manner that is safe for our customers , employees , the public and the environment '' and is `` looking into this matter internally , and cooperating with authorities . '' `` we 're thinking about the family , and we join the community in wishing them a speedy recovery , '' terminix wrote . james maron , an attorney who has been a spokesman for the family , has not responded to requests for comment . the sec filing described the injuries to the family members as `` serious . ''