( cnn ) the university of florida and emory university are investigating allegations that zeta beta tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans last weekend at panama city beach , florida , by spitting , urinating and pouring beer on them . `` they actually spit on me and my service dog as well , and that 's just so disrespectful and it hurts . i come and i feel honored and i feel safe and that i belong , but now i feel like i 'm defending myself , '' wounded veteran nicholas connole told cnn affiliate wjhg . `` people were urinating off the balconies , throwing up in the elevators , making suggestive and sexual comments about veterans with their service dogs and derogatory and suggestive comments about their wives , '' said linda cope , organizer of the warrior beach retreat . both the university of florida and the international office of zeta beta tau are investigating , have apologized to the veterans group and the international office suspended activities for the fraternity chapters at the florida school at at emory in atlanta . the fraternity 's executive director , laurence bolotin said in a statement that three fraternity members from the university of florida have been expelled from the group . `` while the details of their actions are still under investigation , there is no doubt that some of our members engaged in ugly and unacceptable behavior , '' bolotin said . `` on behalf of our entire organization , i want to apologize to veterans , both those who were in panama city beach , and those who have felt the pain from afar , as well as to their families and all who support the warrior beach retreat and had worked to make it a positive and meaningful occasion for attendees . '' `` i am personally offended and disappointed by the behavior that has been described to me , '' university of florida student affairs vice president dave kratzer said . `` this is not representative of our students or of the university . '' a reporter for cnn affiliate wfox went to the university of florida fraternity house on friday seeking comment from members . nobody answered her knock on the door or would talk when she approached them in the parking lot . do fraternities make men behave badly ? emory university issued a statement saying it was appalled to hear of the disrespectful acts but said `` no evidence has been found to implicate emory students in these reported incidents . '' cope said the wounded warriors stayed at the same resort where the fraternities were having their spring formal . she said the fraternity members had too much to drink the night of april 17 . `` we had an american flag flying outside and there was urination coming down from the balconies going onto the flag , '' she said . `` one of the drunk kids pulled a veteran american flag out of the ground and [ we ] made the boy put it back . this all happened friday afternoon , through the night , into the late morning . '' she said the veterans and their families did not retaliate . `` these men and women acted like the leaders they are of our country , '' she said . cope told wjhg she received an apology letter from the university of florida president and the president of zeta beta tau at that school . the website for zeta beta tau says it 's the the world 's first jewish fraternity and prides itself on being an inclusive organization . in 1989 , it became the first fraternity to abolish pledging from its organization , the website said .