( cnn ) last week , california gov . jerry brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state 's history . his action was driven by a specific crisis unique to california at the moment -- the severe drought now in its fourth year there -- but it has significance for the whole nation . as it has in the past , california is leading the way in recognizing that population and economic growth has to respect the physical limits imposed by planet earth . california developed the infrastructure and system of legal rights it uses to distribute water at a time when the population was much smaller than it is today -- and when the climate was in an unusually wet phase , historically speaking . this led to a system that all but encourages heavy water use in dry parts of the state , with little consistency in allocation or pricing and little disincentive to waste . this has never made a lot of sense , but the new measures are the strongest acknowledgment yet that it just is n't tenable today in a serious drought . as for the drought : it wo n't be the last , and surely wo n't be the worst to come in the remainder of this century . brown 's measures may be temporary , but we can hope that they 'll be a step toward a more permanent reformation of the state 's water distribution system -- one that includes large agricultural users , who are not included in the current measures , although they are the dominant consumers of california 's water . how the drought affects rest of the nation . what california does now has global significance : lack of clean fresh water is a serious problem in much of the world . on the indian subcontinent , where supply ca n't meet the demands of rapid development , groundwater is being depleted much as it is in california , and is an equally unsustainable practice in both places . and my colleagues at columbia recently published a study arguing that drought in syria was one of the causes of the ongoing war there . they also presented strong evidence that the syrian drought was in part attributable to human-induced climate change -- in itself , another physical constraint the planet places on growth . our energy systems , like our water systems , are not sustainable . is the california drought a consequence of climate change ? a recent national oceanic and atmospheric administration report for which my colleague richard seager was lead author , argued that it is n't ( though the authors acknowledge that global warming makes the drought worse by increasing evaporation from the soil ) . california , and southwestern north america , indeed saw worse `` megadroughts '' in the pre-columbian past , long before any humans burned fossil fuels . at the same time , the latest projections are that the odds of such megadroughts are increasing with warming . so we 're left with a complex picture , one typical of many extreme weather events . we know that human-induced climate change is increasing the risk that an event such as this will happen , while at the same time we ca n't strongly blame climate change for the specific event happening right now . does it matter whether the drought is climate-change-induced or not ? from a pragmatic public relations perspective , maybe . extreme weather events make people aware that we are all vulnerable to them , and media coverage can draw attention to the scientific evidence that climate change is increasing the risks . at least in principle , this awareness can help to build the constituency for reducing greenhouse gas emissions . i lived in australia for a year in 2007-08 when the country was well into a drought that lasted about a dozen years -- and that led to water restrictions in nearly all the country 's major cities . though the role of greenhouse gases in that drought was n't clear either , the hardship nonetheless made australians much more concerned about climate change than americans were at the time . polls showed that the issue played a significant role in the national elections held during my year there , with a climate-denialist government falling to a much more climate-proactive one ( though the pendulum has since swung back ) . but being able to blame climate change for a specific extreme weather event should n't be the only thing to spur action on reducing greenhouse gases . whether we 're talking about a drought in california , a hurricane on the east coast , a flood in the midwest or a tornado outbreak on the plains , the connection of a single event to climate change is likely to be the subject of legitimate scientific controversy . the reality and seriousness of human-caused global warming , however , is n't . the scientific case that human emissions of greenhouse gases are changing the climate , and that these changes pose serious risks to humans and other species , does n't rest on single-event attribution , but rather on the statistics of large sets of weather events . that big picture is what should motivate us . and when it comes to our getting better prepared for the degree of climate change that is inevitable , in many cases it matters even less to what extent a given weather event was human-induced vs. natural . california could have had this drought , and worse , without global warming . similarly , sea level rise is increasing the risk of coastal floods , but cities such as new orleans , new york and many others were ( and are ) too vulnerable already . because really extreme events are by definition rare , most places have n't seen the worst nature can deliver , even without climate change , in their recent histories . so our development planning has tended to proceed under the assumption that that worst wo n't happen , leaving us with infrastructures that are n't properly adapted even to the current climate . many of the measures we need to take to close that gap -- such as making california 's water distribution system less wasteful , or new york 's subways more flood-proof -- will also help to prepare us for the new climates to come . they may not be enough , in the long term , but they 're a start . we call these `` no-regrets '' measures , because they are good ideas regardless of how rapidly or slowly global warming proceeds . if california can teach the rest of us something about how to design and implement such measures for water , it will be an upside to what otherwise is nothing but a slow-moving disaster .