aden , yemen ( cnn ) the streets were empty but not quiet . shelling began to boom through the yemeni city of aden on thursday afternoon as we hurried back to board the boat that had brought us here from djibouti . aden is a city gripped by fear , desperation and want . people line up for bread , they line up for cooking fuel , and the electricity only works a few hours a day . and from late afternoon onward , most people stay indoors . that is the time of the shelling , the daily aerial bombardment . how we got to yemen : 30 dangerous hours in a boat . saudi arabia began airstrikes on houthi rebels in yemen three weeks ago thursday . but aden remains a city not fully in the hands either of houthi rebels or forces loyal to the ousted government of president abdu rabu mansour hadi . everyone we spoke to thursday told us the same thing : living in aden these days is terrifying . we visited a hospital where doctors have given up trying to count the dead and the dying who are brought in . officials said they believe the toll of the dead runs into the hundreds . everywhere , we felt , saw , heard and smelled the desperation . we spoke to some of the loyalist military commanders . they said they felt they were pushing back the houthi forces . the houthis forced hadi from power in january , though hadi still claims to be yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with the saudis and other allies to return to yemen . those allied with hadi have accused the iranian government of supporting the houthis in their uprising in yemen . ' a window into hell ' : desperate yemenis flee saudi airstrikes by boat . since saudi arabia began aerial raids march 26 , it has launched more than 1,200 airstrikes . saudi officials said they have killed more than 500 houthi rebels . but the reality is that a good portion of the armaments the saudis send in on guided parachutes fall instead into houthi hands . there is , to be sure , a sense that three weeks into this operation , the saudis are making some headway with the strikes . but given how far along they are into the operation , the expectation would have been -- especially given the aerial cover the saudis are providing for loyalist forces on the ground -- that the houthi forces would have been pushed further back . that has n't happened . why is saudi arabia bombing yemen ? the government loyalists have gained territory ; that is why we were able to dock . there is an area around one of the smaller ports that is reliably in government hands . but aden 's main port will be hugely strategic for any potential ground incursion . those forces will need to be reinforced and supplied through somewhere -- and the port is at the top of the list . given that control of the city is still divided , there is a feeling that not enough of what the saudis set out to do has been accomplished . the loyalists were frank with us . we are outgunned , they said . we are fighting a force that is superior to us in terms of its arms , tanks and artillery . `` we 're fighting them with automatic machine guns , '' the loyalists told us . `` those reinforcements are n't getting in to us in time . '' cnn 's don melvin in london contributed to this report .