( cnn ) before landing a gyrocopter on the capitol lawn wednesday , doug hughes wrote about his intentions and the reasons behind them on a website called the thedemocracyclub.org . `` the point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in dc and more importantly , to present the solution ( s ) to the institutional graft , '' the 61-year-old florida postal carrier wrote in an online post titled `` your pilot . '' `` my flight is not a secret , '' the post says . `` before i took off , i sent an email to info @ barackobama.com . the letter is intended to persuade the guardians of the capitol that i am not a threat and that shooting me down will be a bigger headache than letting me deliver these letters to congress . '' hughes ' friend michael shanahan told cnn that hughes called him wednesday morning and told him to check out the website . although the post is not signed , he lists an email address of `` dhughes @ thedemocracyclub.org , '' and the information in his self-description matches information about hughes in public records . he refers to having multiple children -- the youngest an 11-year-old daughter -- and grandchildren as well . it 's unclear exactly when the post published . shanahan told cnn that when he searched for the site wednesday morning , he was unable to find it . `` the purpose of it was to call attention to the united states concerning our campaign finance laws , or the lack thereof , '' shanahan told cnn 's brooke baldwin . hughes had his first appearance in court scheduled for thursday . on wednesday , he took off in his gyrocopter from maryland and traveled through restricted airspace over washington , landing on the capitol 's west lawn . inside the small personal aircraft he had letters for every member of congress urging campaign finance reform . `` there 's no need to worry -- i 'm just delivering the mail , '' hughes wrote in his post . the incident shut down the capitol for part of the day . hughes ' main purpose `` was not so much to alert congress to something they already know , but to make a statement , so that america would take notice , '' shanahan said . the two men together run a website and nonprofit corporation called the civilist papers , which focuses on such issues , shanahan said . in his post , hughes wrote of his time spent in the navy and described his family . although he did not mention it in the post , one of hughes ' sons committed suicide 2 ½ years ago at the age of 24 , the tampa bay times reported . `` something changed in me , '' hughes told the paper . public records show hughes had a son named john joseph hughes who died . `` he told us that he felt like his son did something stupid , but he had made a point , '' said ben montgomery , the tampa bay times reporter who broke the story of the gyrocopter flight . `` he learned a lesson out of that . and it was : if you want to make a point , you 've got to do something big , as sad as that seems , '' montgomery told cnn 's jake tapper . `` he 's been thinking about this for 2½ years . he 's pictured every scenario you could possibly imagine , '' montgomery said . shanahan said hughes mentioned the idea when the two were brainstorming a couple of years ago . having grown up in washington , shanahan opposed the idea . `` i told him that , no , that was an insane plan because the chances are he was going to get killed . '' `` doug is like a pit bull when he gets an idea , '' shanahan said . `` he 's very stubborn . and he finds ways around it . ... the word got out because he was telling people of his idea . and the secret service heard of it . so , they interviewed the two of us . and after that , he said he was going to sell his copter and figure out something else to do . but then i noticed he did not sell this copter . '' when hughes called shanahan on wednesday morning , shanahan said he did not try to talk hughes out of the plan , but `` he was talking real quick , and i did n't know exactly what he meant by a lot of things . ''