( cnn ) on thursday , npr -- headquartered in washington , just 40 miles away from baltimore -- ran its latest update on the urban turmoil that has erupted in the wake of the death of 25-year-old freddie gray because of still-unexplained spinal injuries that occurred while he was under police custody . unfortunately , while it was a freshly produced segment , it was hardly a new story . titled `` baltimore unrest reveals tensions between african-americans and asians , '' the five-minute piece is urgently introduced with the promise that it will reveal `` what 's really happening in the more troubled neighborhoods of this majority black city , '' going on state that a key ingredient of the unrest was african-americans `` targeting asian-owned businesses for destruction . '' a similar claim was made after ferguson 's uprising in august of last year . indeed , it has been a toxic feature of the coverage of many episodes of mass metropolitan violence since the late 1980s , the era during which the trope of widespread hostility between asian and black communities first took root in the media consciousness . yes , interethnic tensions continue to exist , though they are hardly limited to asians and blacks . and yes , this has resulted in troubling incidents and tragedies on both sides . but while reports say that during the chaotic social breakdowns of the past year , black-owned businesses were mostly protected during bouts of violence , there 's little evidence to suggest a pattern in which asian businesses have been actively targeted out of racial animus . instead , it seems as if asian-owned stores have experienced damage partly because they make up a portion of establishments operating in the most economically vulnerable and socially volatile of neighborhoods . in other words , they were collateral damage , along with other stores in the vicinity of riots . so it 's time to call this persistent meme what it is : a misleading , hyperbolic and dangerous distraction , one that shifts blame away from the real issues . as jennifer lee , sociology professor at university of california , irvine , and author of the 2002 book `` civility in the city : blacks , jews and koreans in urban america , '' notes , `` the mainstream media continues to pit minority groups against one another to draw attention from larger structural problems that plague poor , disadvantaged communities . by directing our attention to interminority conflict , it directs blame away from the structures that perpetuate gross inequality and toward individual problems . '' let 's be honest . there were then -- and still are -- legitimate issues that exist between immigrant storeowners and the largely african american customers they serve that are rooted in extensive cultural differences . there 's no denying that friction exists in the daily transaction between embattled communities trying hard to coexist under economic and social pressures . for example , in 1993 , the robbery and shooting of joel lee , a 21-year-old korean american at towson state university , and the subsequent acquittal of his killer , was a point of contention between the korean and african american communities . but things are different now . decades after the height of media-inflamed tension between asian and african americans , patterns of immigration have shifted . stores once operated by recent korean immigrants are now owned by strivers from south asia , the middle east and africa . the population of baltimore has shrunk and its economy has contracted . among merchants , there 's ever-greater recognition that they and their customers are tied by a red thread , surviving or failing together . for decades , black and asian advocacy groups have been trying to bridge differences between the communities . for example , the baltimore-based korean-american grocers & licensed beverage association of maryland , founded in 1995 , has worked to support its entrepreneurial members in their own attempts to address longstanding issues of neglect and abuse by baltimore 's police , while also encouraging them to build deeper ties with their constituents . a kagro-sponsored annual scholarship program has given hundreds of thousands of dollars in college grants to children growing up in the baltimore neighborhoods their member retailers serve . these are n't the kind of stories you 'll hear in the media . it 's easier to focus on attention-grabbing anecdotes rather than the long , hard work of adjustment and accommodation going on within and around communities . back in 1995 , the baltimore sun profiled soon jae and eun ja lee , owners of lee 's food market in the west baltimore 's sandtown neighborhood -- the same part of the city that npr called out as a locus of asian-black tension . the story highlighted the lees ' openness to the community , their politeness and care for their customers and their outstanding generosity , which includes both free snacks to schoolchildren and the distribution of tens of thousands of free food baskets to needy local families each year . i spoke with eun ja lee , calling her without warning to check on the status of the lees ' four-decade-old business after the violence of monday and tuesday . were they open ? were they safe ? `` oh , of course we 're open , we 're always open ! '' said mrs. lee , warmly and brightly . `` this week , many customers came in and said to me ' mrs . lee , do n't worry you are part of our community , you are our family . we will make sure you are ok -- just stay open ! ' we love it . we love it . '' and yet , no one has come and interviewed her at their untouched and fully operational family market , nor have they talked with her customers , stoutly loyal after 37 years of patronage . reinforcing the tired narrative of black-asian interracial tension generates heat , but not light . there 's a far more complex and nuanced relationship between these two urban populations , one that is in an ongoing state of evolution -- and it deserves to be told , not buried under cliches and clickbait .