( cnn ) after two days of deliberation , jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the boston marathon bombing . the verdict is n't surprising . what might be , however , is the answer to how we prevent this kind of violence from happening again . because there could be other more young men just like him , which means the lessons we take from boston will affect whether we can keep america and americans safer . today , nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are muslim . by 2050 , pew reports , that will be some 1 out of 3 . by 2070 ? well , i 'll quote the all-caps headline reprinted by the drudge report : `` muslims to outnumber christians ! '' many americans read such numbers and worry : will this mean more dzhokhar tsarnaevs ? but that 's only if you believe islam causes extremism , which many have argued . and that 's wrong , of course . on the other hand , there are people who claim islam has nothing to do with terrorism . which is true — and false . sure , the islamic faith forbids murder , but there 's a small but significant minority of muslims murdering people in terrible ways , and in islam 's name . understanding what leads young muslims like dzhokhar down a dangerous path requires we understand radicalization . at any given moment in the middle east , we have little idea who 's going to attack whom next , who 's on whom 's side , how this is going to end , or what anyone 's even fighting over anymore . this bad news is going to turn worse before it gets better . but it will get better . to understand why , we have to take a stab at understanding what radicalizes muslims . contrary to common belief , muslims are n't unusually predisposed to violence . radical islam , which has taken on an ugly life of its own , began at the intersection of politics , religion and religious identity . islam is about what you believe , but it 's also about being part of a community . and what happens when you are a member of a community and you see it under attack ? some muslims who have turned to violence have done so with good intentions ( the road to hell , after all ) . consider : the tragedy of modern islam is in its endless sequence of tragedies . before my time , the brutal soviet invasion of afghanistan horrified many muslims . when i was in high school , bosnia occupied all our attention . there was of course russia 's brutal war on the chechen people — dzhokhar shares his name with a recent chechen patriot -- and israel 's ongoing occupation of the palestinian territories . and the blows against muslims do n't end there . there was serbia 's war on kosovo , another war in chechnya , the invasion of iraq , oppression in myanmar , civil strife in syria , the colonization of east turkestan , massacres of muslims in the central african republic , wars on a besieged gaza and west bank still under israeli rule . imagine how this looks to a restless young muslim . countless places where co-religionists have been killed , and nobody seems to do anything about it . nobody even wants to . extremists have long offered crude reasons for why the violence was happening , and then moved quickly to a single , tempting , terrible response : take up arms — and kill . in her new book , `` heretic : why islam needs a reformation now '' , ayaan hirsi ali argues that extremism is n't caused by political circumstances , but by islam itself . her conclusion is wrong . to fight extremism , we do n't need to reform islam . we need to show young muslims that extremism is doing the opposite of what it claimed to . rather than help muslims , it 's harming them . when i was a teenager , our massachusetts mosque hosted a delegation from bosnia that shared graphic , heartbreaking stories of rape , exile , and massacre inflicted on muslims , all because of their faith . the mosque raised money , collected food , blankets , medicine . promises were made to provide more , and regularly . but we all knew that was n't enough . as we left the mosque , my peers and i were disgruntled and confused . shocked . angry . our teachers could 've told us : go and fight . defend your muslim brothers and sisters who are under siege . or they could 've told us to keep our heads down and make money and live comfortably . neither answer would have satisfied . fortunately for us , they offered us a third way . they showed us , patiently , how to work with others , how to compromise , how to get things done . a more engaged american muslim community , they explained , could use its resources to help people suffering all around the world . they were right . we saw the dead-end road of radicalism from afar , but we also saw , up close , how communities that isolated themselves and turned inward found themselves powerless , ineffectual and ignored . thanks to social media , a medium that the world 's burgeoning young muslim population is increasingly comfortable with , more muslims can and will see this , too . radicalism will be done in by fellow muslims who want to save their religion from this monster within it . it 's happening already . our national conversation about islam is focused on the wrong issues . does islam need a reformation ? what in islam causes violence ? we would do a lot better if we accepted that muslims the world over have real grievances — dictatorships , corruption , foreign intervention , religious illiteracy , lack of economic opportunity -- and radicals exploit these . we need to show the young dzhokhars that , if they want to help , then violence is n't going to help . to fight extremism , we need to pose this question to young muslims : `` do you want to help your brothers and sisters in faith ? '' because those who claim to be defending us are making things so much worse . their narrative has failed . their solution is bankrupt . the caliph wears no clothes . it 's the reason why increasing numbers of muslims reject extremism -- and not just because our numbers are increasing .