( cnn ) it 's not easy being the pope . not only does he shepherd nearly 1 billion catholic souls , he also leads a small but morally significant state with envoys and interests in nearly every country . as scholars like to say , the vatican has walked the line between spiritual and worldly concerns for centuries . sometimes , as when st. john paul ii stood up to communist poland , the church 's moral and political clout have combined to pack a powerful punch . at other times , popes have to make a hard choice : adopt the sharp tongue of a prophet or the discretion of a diplomat ? this sunday in rome , pope francis faced just such a dilemma . first , the back story : one hundred years ago , more than 1 million armenians ( some estimates run as high as 1.5 million ) died at the hand of the turks . many of the victims were part of a branch of christianity closely aligned with catholicism . a slew of historians and at least 20 countries call the killings a `` genocide . '' ( a u.s. resolution to do the same has languished in congress . ) turkish officials disagree , arguing that the deaths , while unfortunate , were part of a long-running war that witnessed casualties on all sides . for their part , previous popes had finessed the genocide question . john paul ii used the `` g '' word in 2001 , but did n't dare speak it out loud . instead , it was tucked into a document signed by the former pontiff and the head of the armenian church , after they had celebrated mass together . pope emeritus benedict xvi called the killings `` a great evil '' and `` terrible persecution '' in a speech 2006 , but avoided labeling them genocide . ( benedict found other ways to tick off the turks , initially opposing their entry into the european union . ) as pope francis prepared to celebrate a special mass sunday to commemorate a century since the slaughter , vatican watchers were divided about whether he would use the word `` genocide . '' he did , but in a roundabout way , by quoting john paul 's document . `` in the past century , our human family has lived through three massive and unprecedented tragedies , '' francis said . `` the first , which is widely considered ' the first genocide of the 20th century , ' struck your own armenian people . '' the middle phrase comes directly from the document issued 14 years ago by john paul . in citing his predecessor , francis highlighted one of the vatican 's chiefest concerns , especially on matters of moral import : continuity . whether holding the line against artificial birth control , declining to ordain female priests or dealing with diplomatic tensions , it sometimes seems as if the church considers inconsistency the most unforgivable of sins . `` the vatican and the papacy love continuity , '' said the rev . thomas reese , a vatican analyst for national catholic reporter . if francis had not called the armenian killings a genocide , particularly at such a high-profile event -- the audience included armenia 's president -- it might have been interpreted as a change in church policy , reese said . at the same time , francis did n't want to anger the turks more than necessary , especially since they have become a key ally against the persecution of christians by isis in the middle east , which the pope alluded to in his speech on sunday . `` the fact that he quoted john paul is a sign that he 's downplaying it , '' reese said of the armenian murders . `` he 's telling people : there 's nothing new here . '' new or not , turkey was not happy . the nation recalled its vatican ambassador for `` consultations '' just hours after francis ' comments , the turkish foreign ministry said . turkey also promptly summoned his counterpart , the vatican 's ambassador , for a meeting , turkish state broadcaster trt reported . in a tweet sunday , turkey 's foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu called the pope 's use of the word `` unacceptable '' and `` out of touch with both historical facts and legal basis . '' `` religious authorities are not places through which hatred and animosity are fueled by unfounded allegations , '' the tweet reads . `` hatred '' and `` animosity '' are not words often used to describe pope francis . because he often shines a sympathetic face on the world , emphasizing mercy over judgment , it 's easy to miss the bluntness francis brings to the bully pulpit . on matters of doctrine and diplomacy , he may be carrying on catholic traditions , but in his willingness to engage in geopolitics and the tone that engagement often takes , this pope is decidedly different . he has helped broker a backroom detente between the united states and cuba , and invited israeli and palestinian leaders for an unprecedented prayer service at the vatican ( after annoying some israelis with an impromptu prayer at the wall that separates the west bank from jerusalem . ) but francis has also suggested that force may be justified to stop isis ' slaughter of christians , warned of the `` mexicanization '' of argentina and said that satirists who insult religion should expect a retaliatory punch . on monday , the pope addressed a roomful of priests at morning mass . he must have heard the hubbub about his `` genocide '' remark , but he encouraged his charges to speak frankly , without fear , and to bear the courage of their convictions , just as the early apostles had . `` we can not keep silent about what we have seen and heard , '' francis said . cnn 's gul tuysuz and jethro mullen contributed to this report .