kathmandu , nepal ( cnn ) the death toll from the devastating earthquake that struck nepal two days ago surged past 3,000 on monday , a government official said . the desperate search for survivors from the country 's worst natural disaster in more than 80 years continued . the number of people confirmed dead in nepal stands at 3,218 , said nepalese ministry of home affairs spokesman laxmi dhakal . india has reported 56 deaths , and china another 20 . the death toll is expected to climb further as officials get information from the rugged countryside that makes up most of nepal . as day broke monday , nepal was still in survival mode after suffering a series of aftershocks following the huge initial quake on saturday . the damage was everywhere . stunned residents wandered the streets of kathmandu , the capital city of roughly 3 million people that 's now the focus of international disaster relief efforts . people dug through piles of debris where their homes once stood , seeking pieces of their former lives and , possibly , family members . many of the injured were treated outside overflowing hospitals , where crowds of people gathered looking for relatives . dhakal , the government spokesman , said monday 6,525 people were reported to have been injured . one video aired on nepal state television captured a rare bright moment amid the death and devastation . it shows uniformed officers digging though rubble , desperately trying to free a man who is hurt but alive . rescuers lift him up , and cheers of joy erupt from the crowd . the clip shows him being put on a stretcher and carried to safety . but often , searchers have found bodies rather than survivors . and the odds of saving the living decrease as the crucial first 72 hours tick by . the earthquake and its aftershocks have turned one of the world 's most scenic regions into a panorama of devastation . `` the journey towards my family home in sitapaila was a map of quake destruction , with many houses -- old and new -- torn apart , '' wrote freelance journalist sunir pandey . `` a high wall surrounding a monastery had collapsed and the nuns had run to a nearby field , '' he wrote . `` a mud-and-brick cottage had fallen on a blue motorbike but no trace could be found of its rider . everywhere , survivors gathered wherever they could find open space -- fields , private compounds , empty roadside lots . '' at night , many nepalis slept in the open , shivering in the frigid air of the himalayan mountains but at least safe from falling debris . `` the entire city was under darkness , '' christina berry of england wrote for cnn affiliate ibn from kathmandu . `` there was not a single light anywhere . the power supply had been cut off . our caring hotel manager gave us some food and some candles , too . me and alexandra were so scared . we slept in the open verandah of the hotel fearing more quakes in the night . '' read earthquake stories from social media . cnn producer ingrid formanek , who arrived sunday night , said kathmandu `` looks like a city where buildings have been abandoned . people are hanging out in public squares and at intersections to avoid rubble from buildings . '' `` we were able to drive the main road to the hotel we 're staying at , but they 're not allowing anyone inside because of the aftershocks . the guests are in a big tent used for functions on the lawn . people are squeezed in . there are probably about 100 people in there , '' formanek said . `` the tents are covered , but water is seeping in from streets puddled with water , especially around the edges of the tent . '' residents of kathmandu are banding together to get by , with stores shuttered and very few sources of food and drinkable water . `` communal kitchens have been set up for cooking , '' formanek said . `` not by the government -- people set them up on their own . '' many of the city 's centuries-old buildings , which had stood stalwart for generations and provided a sense of national pride , have been toppled . dozens of bodies were pulled from dharahara , the historic nine-story tower that came crashing down during the quake . a backhoe chipped away at the nub left protruding through its crumbled ruins . when it seemed as if things could n't get worse , a powerful aftershock jolted nepal on sunday , sending people screaming into the streets and causing new injuries for already traumatized residents . climbers said it set off fresh avalanches on mount everest , where at least 17 people were reported to have been killed on saturday . the magnitude of the new quake sunday was initially estimated at 6.7 by the u.s. geological survey , considerably weaker than the magnitude-7.8 of the devastating one of a day earlier . four americans were confirmed to be among the dead . google executive dan fredinburg was one of them . according to an instagram post by his sister on his account , an avalanche killed fredinburg on mount everest . marisa eve girawong , who went by her middle name , of new jersey also was killed by an avalanche on everest . the physician 's assistant was working as an everest base camp doctor for seattle-based madison mountaineering , when she was swept away to her death . tom taplin , a filmmaker from santa monica , california , was making a documentary on everest climbers , when wind stirred by the avalanche caused him to take a fall , cnn affiliate kabc reported . looking for missing loved ones in nepal ? cnn ireport wants to help . the mountains that define nepal make it difficult to deliver relief , though international efforts are in full swing . aftershocks are also complicating operations . a team of 260 emergency responders was about an hour away from departure at israel 's ben gurion airport when an aftershock in kathmandu delayed its departure . the u.s. agency for international development 's disaster response team , made up of 54 urban search and rescue specialists from fairfax county , virginia , and six k-9s , headed to nepal on sunday on a c-17 military transport plane . the dogs are trained to find signs of life in rubble after a disaster . but the trip was expected to take about 24 hours , reducing the precious hours left in which survivors are likely to be found . are you in nepal or do you have loved ones affected ? please share with us if you are in a safe place . how to help the earthquake victims . fast facts on earthquakes . cnn 's manesh shrestha reported from kathmandu ; cnn 's ralph ellis wrote and reported from atlanta ; and cnn 's jethro mullen wrote and reported from hong kong . cnn 's harmeet shah singh , sumnima udas , oren liebermann and brian walker also contributed to this report .