washington ( cnn ) isis is a problem that is `` off the charts historically '' and has sent the united states into `` uncharted territory '' when it comes to putting down the terror group , the obama administration 's point man in the fight recently told cnn . the comments , which brett mcgurk made in an exclusive interview , were some of the administration 's strongest to date in describing the challenge the united states and its allies face in battling isis . `` this is a problem that is off the charts historically , '' he said , referring to the more than 20,000 foreign fighters who have gone into syria . `` just put that into perspective : it 's about twice the number that went into afghanistan in the 1980s over a 10-year period to fight the soviet union , and those came really from only a handful of countries . '' he concluded , `` we 're in unchartered territory here . '' mcgurk just returned from an urgent summit of coalition nations held in jordan . last week , canada became the latest nation to conduct airstrikes against isis over syria . the united states now lists 62 countries in the coalition . as the u.s.-led coalition has focused attention on iraq and syria , isis has expanded its reach to libya , egypt and yemen , often with existing extremist groups pledging allegiance to the militants . mcgurk did not rule out expanding u.s. military action beyond iraq and syria to combat the increasing regional threat . `` we have a lot of tools to protect ourselves and our national security interests , some of which are military tools , '' he said . `` of course we apply those tools when the president determines and our chain of command makes the recommendation that that is the right thing to do . '' the united states has also been stepping up efforts to involve sunni groups in the fight against isis . to date , that involvement has been extremely limited as sunni tribes see shiite militias , many with horrendous human rights records , take the lead . but mcgurk said that iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi is making progress getting sunni tribes to support a planned iraqi offensive against isis in anbar province in the coming weeks . he stressed the importance of working with al-abadi , noting that the iraqi leader was in anbar province last week handing out more than 1,000 ak-47s to tribal fighters who are going to join the iraqi security forces . `` we are helping to enable and train ( them ) as they begin to go on the offensive over the coming weeks and months in anbar , '' mcgurk said . `` they put out this very perverse , twisted vision , and it 's very attractive to a lot of young men around the world , '' he acknowledged . `` but in fact , what the foreign fighters are finding in syria and iraq is that they 're more likely to get killed in iraq and syria , and in fact , instead of getting a slave bride as isis leaders promise them , they 're more likely to get killed by a female peshmerga fighter in the streets of kobani . '' that bottom line , he assessed , could turn the tide : `` the foreign fighters are learning the reality of what it 's like when they go to join this twisted version of a caliphate , and i think we 're going to see those networks begin to dry up . ''