( cnn ) australia , an important ally of the united states , has agreed to share some of its intelligence with iran . australian foreign minister julie bishop said the deal is `` an informal arrangement '' with an emphasis on tracking australians who go to iraq to fight for isis . but one australian lawmaker reportedly described the move as `` dancing with the devil . '' over the weekend , bishop became the first australian government minister to visit iran in 12 years , meeting with president hassan rouhani . the intelligence-sharing deal was announced in an interview released monday that bishop gave to the australian broadcasting corporation while in tehran . `` during my discussions with the national leadership here , it was agreed that we could share intelligence , particularly on the foreign terrorist fighters from australia who are taking part in this conflict in iraq , '' she said . the iranians `` were very agreeable to share that information with us , '' she added . like many western nations , australia is grappling with the problem of citizens who are choosing to travel to iraq and syria to join isis , which calls itself the islamic state . australia is part of the u.s.-led coalition that 's carrying out airstrikes against isis . during the fight against the sunni extremist group , the coalition has found its interests aligned at times with those of iran , a shiite-majority nation that has strong ties with the iraqi government . iran-backed shiite militias played an important role in the recent battle to take the iraqi city of tikrit from isis jihadists . `` iran has a long standing relationship with iraq , and as you point out , they have a very strong military presence there . they also have an influence over the shia militia who are operating within iraq , '' she said . `` so they are in iraq , in places that we are not . they also have a very sophisticated intelligence network and they have a lot of information that they 've been gathering . '' bishop , who left tehran on sunday , declined to give details of the agreement with iran . `` obviously , if iran has information that will be of interest to us , and if we have information that would be of interest to them , in pursuing our common purpose in defeating daesh , then that 's an appropriate exchange , '' she said , using an alternative name for isis . but andrew wilkie , an independent australian member of parliament , criticized the plan . `` the announcement by the foreign minister that australia is entering into a security arrangement with the regime in tehran really should send shudders down the spine of every australian , '' he said , according to the australian broadcasting corporation . `` when you start dancing with the devil in a place like tehran , then we run the risk of becoming almost as bad as those who we dance with , '' wilkie told reporters .