( cnn ) pope francis risked turkish anger on sunday by using the word `` genocide '' to refer to the mass killings of armenians a century ago under the ottoman empire . `` in the past century , our human family has lived through three massive and unprecedented tragedies , '' the pope said at a mass at st. peter 's basilica to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the armenian massacres . `` the first , which is widely considered ' the first genocide of the 20th century , ' struck your own armenian people , '' he said , referencing a 2001 declaration by pope john paul ii and the head of the armenian church . his use of the term genocide -- even though he was quoting from the declaration -- upset turkey . the nation recalled its ambassador to the vatican for `` consultations '' just hours after francis ' comments , the turkish foreign ministry said . earlier , turkey summoned the ambassador from the vatican for a meeting , turkish state broadcaster trt reported . turkey 's former ambassador to the vatican , kenan gursoy , told cnn in a telephone interview that while it is the first time turkey has summoned its ambassador home from the vatican , `` this does not mean that our diplomatic ties with the vatican are over . '' `` since this is a situation that we do not approve of , as a first reaction , ( the ambassador ) is summoned to get consultation , '' gursoy said , adding that the pope 's use of the word `` genocide '' was `` a one-sided evaluation . '' in a tweet sunday on his official account , turkey 's foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu called the pope 's use of the word `` unacceptable '' and `` out of touch with both historical facts and legal basis . '' `` religious offices are not places through which hatred and animosity are fueled by unfounded allegations , '' the tweet reads . this consternation over the use of the word ' genocide ' occurs regularly . and armenians are equally upset , when turkey protests it . armenian foreign minister edward nalbandian rebuked turkey . `` we are in a situation in which turkey speaks a different language from the rest of the international community and it seems that it does n't understand that it is speaking a different language , '' he said to italian news agency adnkronos . `` during these past days there have been several international organizations that adopt resolutions or issue statements that recognize the armenian genocide and that appeal to turkey to make this step , '' he said . `` the pope 's statement are in this context of universal value . when turkey is able to understand this , it will be able to understand what the international community and big personalities ( or better translations ' leaders ' ) are saying . '' armenian groups and many scholars say that turks planned and carried out genocide , starting in 1915 , when more than a million ethnic armenians were massacred in the final years of the ottoman empire . turkey officially denies that a genocide took place , saying hundreds of thousands of armenian christians and turkish muslims died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of world war i . the armenian government and influential armenian diaspora groups have urged countries around the world to formally label the 1915 events as genocide . turkey has responded with pressure of its own against such moves . pope francis said sunday that `` catholic and orthodox syrians , assyrians , chaldeans and greeks '' were also killed in the bloodshed a century ago . he said nazism and stalinism were responsible for the other two `` massive and unprecedented tragedies '' of the past century . cnn 's gul tuysuz in turkey , nimet kirac and karen smith in atlanta contributed to this report .