( cnn ) when 65 cases of 20-year-old pappy van winkle -- one of the rarest and most expensive bourbons in the world -- were reported missing from a kentucky distillery in october 2013 , it was the crime heard round the whiskey-drinking world . franklin county sheriff pat melton , the man leading the investigation into the estimated $ 26,000 in missing pappy , said at the time that the high-end heist was `` indicative of an inside job . '' but ever since , the trail went largely cold . until now . on tuesday , a franklin county grand jury indicted `` nine members of a criminal syndicate that collaborated to promote or engage in the theft ... and illegal trafficking '' of liquor from two different kentucky distilleries : frankfort 's buffalo trace -- makers of pappy -- and the nearby wild turkey distillery , makers of the eponymous bourbon , according to the indictment . just like making good bourbon -- a specific type of whiskey synonymous with the bluegrass state -- melton 's case required time to develop and old-fashioned kentucky ingenuity . the sheriff 's hunch was reflected in the indictment : of the nine named , two worked at buffalo trace and one worked at wild turkey . the alleged ringleader , according to assistant commonwealth attorney zach becker , is gilbert `` toby '' curtsinger , a 45-year-old loading dock worker at the buffalo trace distillery . curtsinger and his wife , julie , each face eight charges for allegedly engaging in organized crime . curtsinger -- who has worked at buffalo trace for more than 20 years -- was arrested in march after authorities , acting on a tip , found five barrels of bourbon behind a shed on his property , according to cnn affiliate wkyt . those barrels , weighing more than 500 pounds each and worth up to $ 6,000 apiece , had recently been stolen from wild turkey , melton told bourbonblog.com 's tom fischer . while an additional search warrant allegedly turned up illegal steroids from curtsinger 's home , there was no sign of any pappy . `` he does n't know anything about ( stolen pappy van winkle ) , '' his mother , teresa curtsinger , told cnn last month . in fact , she said , once he bonded out of jail , curtsinger returned to his job at buffalo trace . however , according to melton , `` curtsinger was involved in numerous thefts of pappy van winkle , as well as eagle rare bourbon , both in bottles and barrels . '' melton said curtsinger distributed the highly coveted bourbon through a network of connections in his softball league . teresa curtsinger did not immediately return a message tuesday . but gilbert curtsinger 's attorney , whitney lawson , told the courier-journal of louisville , `` we 've been waiting patiently for this to happen . we 're glad that if they 're going to indict that they 've indicted so we can get to work . '' at a press conference announcing the indictments , melton got emotional as he described the tremendous amount of effort put into the investigation . `` ( franklin county detectives ) have done an absolute incredible job , '' he said as he choked back tears . `` and i 'm thrilled to have been a part of it . '' fischer , the whiskey blogger , got a different kind of emotional tug from what flanked the sheriff : several hundred thousand dollars ' worth of recovered booze -- including 20 cases of pappy . whether those 20 were among the 65 that vanished is not immediately known , but that did n't matter to fischer . `` on behalf of bourbon lovers everywhere , we are thrilled that the pappy is back ! ''