st. john , u.s. virgin islands ( cnn ) government officials are trying to track down vacationers who stayed at villas in the virgin islands who may have been exposed to a deadly pesticide . local officials said methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the u.s. virgin islands , in different parts of the island ; even the governor said his condominium complex was fumigated with it in 2013 , without his knowledge . investigators are still trying to piece together exactly what happened at the sirenusa resort , where a delaware family 's vacation in paradise turned into a nightmare . theresa devine and steve esmond and their two children fell gravely ill and suffered seizures ; two brothers , ages 14 and 16 , remain in comas . but this was likely not an isolated incident . local authorities here tell cnn there is evidence methyl bromide was used at least twice at the gated sirenusa resort on st. john by the pest control company terminix . they also say terminix used the pesticide across the islands on different occasions . dawn henry , the commissioner designee of the local department of planning and natural resources , or dpnr , said that while investigating what happened , the agency found methyl bromide was likely also used last fall at the same sirenusa resort , as well as in a vacation villa in st. croix and in two nontourist locations . methyl bromide is banned from indoor use , and is only approved as an agricultural pesticide . other pest control companies on the virgin islands were found in possession of methyl bromide and officials said they are checking records to see whether it was used improperly . ken mapp , the governor of the virgin islands , said it was . `` what these companies did or appear to have been doing is clearly a violation of the law and they 'll be held accountable for it , '' mapp said . he said he learned his own complex was fumigated with methyl bromide in 2013 , but said there have been no additional reports of people falling ill . authorities are trying to track down anyone who has stayed at the affected villas or who might have been exposed . family slowly recovering from illness after virgin islands trip . terminix issued a statement saying it is `` committed to performing all work ... in a manner that is safe for our customers , employees , the public and the environment '' and is `` looking into this matter internally , and cooperating with authorities . '' when cnn visited the terminix office on st. thomas , which is corporate-owned , an employee refused to comment , and another employee closed the door . henry said all canisters of methyl bromide known to exist in the area have been confiscated and will be shipped off-island for destruction as soon as possible . in the meantime , an attorney for esmond and devine said the family is still struggling . the two teenage boys remain in comas . their father has regained consciousness and is slowly getting better . devine is in better condition and is undergoing occupational therapy . dpnr , the local environmental agency , already had been under scrutiny . the u.s. environmental protection agency , which has oversight , designated it `` high risk , '' saying the agency `` does not meet management standards . '' the epa 's inspector general is also investigating . according to the department of justice , a former commissioner and two dpnr directors have been sentenced to jail terms since 2008 . that year , dean c. plaskett was sentenced to nine years for receiving kickbacks in awarding local government contracts . in 2014 , roberto tapia , the justice department said , pleaded guilty to using his position to engage in illegal drug trafficking while he was head of that same agency . he was sentenced to 70 months in federal prison . in january , mapp was sworn in and appointed henry as a new designee to run the department , so it is under a new administration . a spokeswoman for the epa said the dpnr has been cooperative in this investigation . she added that none of the troubles the agency has had are directly related to pesticide enforcement , but instead general practices . mapp said the agency 's problems have nothing to do with what happened to the devine and esmond 's family . instead , he blames the pesticide companies . `` it occurred because someone was cutting corners , thought they could enhance their profit margin and thought they could get away with it , and apparently in my own residence someone had been getting away with it for quite some time , '' mapp said . part of the investigation , he said , will be tracking whether the proper paperwork was filled out when the canisters were ordered , or if the pesticide was smuggled in . the department of justice is also investigating . `` if they purchased it and on these forms they said their use was for agriculture purposes , which is the only legal way they could use it , and then brought them into the territory and used them in commercial and residential buildings , that 's a clear and malice violation of the law , '' mapp said .