( cnn ) officer michael slager 's five-year career with the north charleston police department in south carolina ended after he resorted to deadly force following a routine traffic stop . slager , 33 , has been fired , officials said wednesday . his wife is eight months ' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance until the baby is born , north charleston mayor keith summey told reporters . he also has two stepchildren . his mother was interviewed by abc news on thursday . she told abc her son loved being a police officer . `` i ca n't imagine him doing something that . ... it 's not like him . that 's just not his character , '' karen sharpe said . she told abc she has n't watched the video of the shooting . slager initially told investigators that he used a taser in a confrontation saturday with walter scott , who was pulled over for a busted taillight . but scott went for the taser , according to slager . a widely circulated video of the shooting death of the 50-year-old unarmed african-american man by the white police officer tells another story : scott attempts to run . his back is to slager , who , from a few yards away , raises his gun and fires . slager is now charged with murder . the fbi is involved in the investigation of the slaying of the father of four . `` shots fired and the subject is down , '' slager said moments after the shooting , according to reports . `` he took my taser . '' slager was proficient with the nonlethal taser . according to personnel records , he scored 50 out of 50 on a taser certification exam in 2011 . before the officer starts firing at scott , the video shows a dark object falling behind him and hitting the ground . it 's not clear whether that is the taser . later in the video , when slager approaches scott 's body , he drops a dark object next to the man . again , it 's not clear whether that 's the taser . it 's unknown whether scott took the officer 's taser or whether the officer picked the object up and moved it closer to the body . slager was named in a police complaint in 2013 after he allegedly `` tased a man for no reason '' before slamming him to the ground and dragging him , according to the north charleston police department . at the time , slager was searching for a suspect who was described as being 5-feet-5-inches tall . the african-american man he confronted was 6-feet-3 inches tall . a lawyer for the man who filed the complaint , mario givens , said his client plans to file a lawsuit . `` the citizens of north charleston should n't have to live in the fear , '' the lawyer , eduardo curry , told reporters thursday . givens said slager came to his door , ordered him out of the house and then tased him . `` it was painful , '' he said . `` i fell . i have a couple bruises . '' slager was later cleared in that incident . `` i was upset , '' givens said . `` they took a real long time to even investigate the case . '' in another complaint in january , slager was cited for failing to file a report after an african-american woman called police because her children were being harassed . slager had worked as a waiter before joining the military , records show . he served in the u.s. coast guard from 2003 to 2009 , according to a job application filed with the north charleston police department . that application , filed in january 2009 , said slager had not been convicted of a felony in the past seven years . personnel documents describe slager as `` enthused '' when he joined the force and said he demonstrated `` great officer safety tactics '' in dealing with suspects . south carolina senators , governor condemn police shooting . slager 's annual in-service mandatory training included a range of topics from first aid to firearms and taser use . slager passed his certifications . in august , slager passed a firearms qualification . from 2009 to 2014 , slager qualified in the use of his glock firearm . he received and passed yearly training in `` bias based profiling '' and `` ethics , '' the documents said . he also was certified by the s.c. criminal justice academy in march 2013 as having `` met and successfully completed the in-service requirements '' as a law enforcement officer . slager completed a separate 10-hour `` active shooter incident response training '' course in december 2013 . according to the documents , slager was involved in a `` nonpreventable '' traffic accident last year when a motorist with his car in reverse struck the officer 's patrol car . the driver fled the scene . since graduating from the police academy in 2010 , a supervisor twice noted in training reports that he `` spoke with ( slager ) in reference to certain procedures in reference to conducting motor vehicle stops and citizen contacts . '' no other details were provided . slager signed his oath of office with the police force on march 1 , 2010 , pledging to `` faithfully serve the citizens of this city '' and `` never abuse my authority either by words or acts . '' `` i will enforce the law courteously and appropriately without fear or favor , malice or ill will , never employing unnecessary force or violence , '' the oath said . who was walter scott ? cnn 's john newsome contributed to this report .