( cnn ) job one for newly appointed attorney general loretta lynch is to create a muscular federal response to months of national unrest over controversial police killings like that of freddie gray , 25 . gray 's death last week -- from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody -- has touched off days of protests and rioting in baltimore . lynch 's job wo n't be easy : as the nation 's top law enforcement officer , she takes the reins of a justice department that has been walking a fine line between nudging local police departments in the direction of better community relations , and threatening legal action against departments where discrimination or brutality are out of control . but as events in baltimore demonstrate , too many local departments are n't getting the message . lynch will need to put down the carrots , pick up the stick and make clear that the justice department intends to crack down on police abuse by using one of its most potent weapons : the power to withhold federal funds from local departments . more about that in a moment . the first order of business will be to re-establish order in baltimore , where the national guard has been mobilized and a state of emergency declared . `` in the days ahead , i intend to work with leaders throughout baltimore to ensure that we can protect the security and civil rights of all residents , '' lynch said within hours of being sworn in on monday . `` and i will bring the full resources of the department of justice to bear in protecting those under threat , investigating wrongdoing and securing an end to violence . '' a key part of that vow -- `` investigating wrongdoing '' -- must include a close look at the baltimore police department , which has been the subject of bitter complaints of brutality . according to a major investigation by the baltimore sun published last fall , the city has paid out $ 5.7 million in court judgments or settlements to more than 100 people since 2011 in connection with allegations of brutality and/or violations of civil rights . `` officers have battered dozens of residents who suffered broken bones -- jaws , noses , arms , legs , ankles -- head trauma , organ failure , and even death , coming during questionable arrests . some residents were beaten while handcuffed ; others were thrown to the pavement , '' the sun expose says . `` and in almost every case , prosecutors or judges dismissed the charges against the victims -- if charges were filed at all . '' that kind of behavior helped set the stage for the riots and looting we now see . lynch has already launched a probe of the death of freddie gray , and the justice department is also investigating the recent videotaped police killing of walter scott in north charleston , south carolina , where an officer has been arrested and charged with murder . as attorney general , lynch has several tools with which to guide local law enforcement toward better behavior . a justice department program called community oriented policing services , launched in 2011 , helps local departments implement best practices . the cops program 's effectiveness will surely come under question , since baltimore was one of the eight departments participating in the voluntary program . lynch can also apply the tougher approach of suing local departments and securing court-ordered reforms , a power conferred by the violent crime control and law enforcement act of 1994 . the provision was a result of the 1991 videotaped police beating of rodney king by los angeles cops and the riot that ensued when the officers were acquitted . the obama administration has sued local departments 15 times -- more than either the clinton or bush administrations -- and has opened 11 more investigations of departments including those in cleveland , miami , and ferguson , missouri . but even those tough remedies may not be working , according to the marshall project , a nonprofit news organization that focuses on criminal justice issues . `` even where local leaders have embraced washington 's prescriptions , justice department officials have increasingly found themselves returning to grapple a second time with problems they thought they had fixed , '' writes reporter simone weichselbaum , noting that `` recurring problems have emerged in police departments in miami , new orleans and new jersey , all of which had promised to carry out major changes in response to justice department investigations that turned up evidence of discriminatory policing . '' that leaves lynch with a final , even tougher weapon : the power , under title vi of the civil rights act of 1964 , to deny federal law enforcement dollars to departments that engage in discriminatory practices . lynch 's predecessor as attorney general , eric holder , generally refrained from yanking funds , although in 2013 he did deny drug forfeiture money to the sheriff 's office in alamance county , north carolina , claiming the department was unlawfully targeting latinos for traffic stops . the sheriff of alamance county sued the justice department and the case remains unresolved -- but it underscores the fact that lynch has the power to press local departments , legally and financially , to curb local abuses . she should invoke the power where necessary and calm cities like baltimore as the nation heads into what could be a long , hot summer of unrest .