new york ( cnn ) when liana barrientos was 23 years old , she got married in westchester county , new york . a year later , she got married again in westchester county , but to a different man and without divorcing her first husband . only 18 days after that marriage , she got hitched yet again . then , barrientos declared `` i do '' five more times , sometimes only within two weeks of each other . in 2010 , she married once more , this time in the bronx . in an application for a marriage license , she stated it was her `` first and only '' marriage . barrientos , now 39 , is facing two criminal counts of `` offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree , '' referring to her false statements on the 2010 marriage license application , according to court documents . prosecutors said the marriages were part of an immigration scam . on friday , she pleaded not guilty at state supreme court in the bronx , according to her attorney , christopher wright , who declined to comment further . after leaving court , barrientos was arrested and charged with theft of service and criminal trespass for allegedly sneaking into the new york subway through an emergency exit , said detective annette markowski , a police spokeswoman . in total , barrientos has been married 10 times , with nine of her marriages occurring between 1999 and 2002 . all occurred either in westchester county , long island , new jersey or the bronx . she is believed to still be married to four men , and at one time , she was married to eight men at once , prosecutors say . prosecutors said the immigration scam involved some of her husbands , who filed for permanent residence status shortly after the marriages . any divorces happened only after such filings were approved . it was unclear whether any of the men will be prosecuted . the case was referred to the bronx district attorney 's office by immigration and customs enforcement and the department of homeland security 's investigation division . seven of the men are from so-called `` red-flagged '' countries , including egypt , turkey , georgia , pakistan and mali . her eighth husband , rashid rajput , was deported in 2006 to his native pakistan after an investigation by the joint terrorism task force . if convicted , barrientos faces up to four years in prison . her next court appearance is scheduled for may 18 .