( cnn ) by now , you probably have a position regarding the controversy over indiana 's religious freedom law . you applaud the growing chorus of companies blasting the law as an invitation for businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians , using religion as a cover . or , like indiana gov . mike pence , you are surprised at the backlash and maintain that it is basically a copy of a law that is already in the books at the federal level and 19 other states . the issue drives a wedge because , well , the debate over religious freedom and gay rights is always heated , but also because the interpretations and motives behind the law can be questioned . whichever side you 're on , here are five things you might not have considered when thinking about this controversy . these points might not change your mind , but offer context to better understand the uproar . as the author of the 1993 federal religious freedom restoration act ( rfra ) , sen. chuck schumer is one who can offer clarity over the controversy surrounding indiana 's version of the law . schumer mocks indiana 's contention that the state law is simply a mirror of the 22-year-old federal law . `` that may be true only if you 're using a funhouse mirror , '' schumer wrote on his facebook page . the federal law was intended to protect individual 's religious freedom from government intervention , he said . the indiana law justifies discrimination in the name of religious freedom , he contends . also , the law was envisioned to protect the religious freedoms of individuals , while the indiana law also protects private companies , schumer said . so , how can the law 's supporters claim it is basically a copy of the federal law ? if you look at the purpose of the law , the language in the federal and indiana religious freedom laws are indeed nearly indistinguishable . in short -- the government can not interfere with a person 's religious practices unless there is a compelling government interest to do so . the uproar is over that fact that the indiana law expands the reach of the religious protections to include private companies and cases where the government is not involved . other states previously passed their own version of the religious freedom law -- indiana became the 20th . but other state laws mirror the federal law much more closely than the indiana law does . the key difference in the indiana law is that it expands the instances where someone can use religious freedom as a defense . this is how it could make a difference : in 2006 , vanessa willock contacted a photographer about shooting her commitment ceremony with her partner . this was in new mexico , a state with a religious freedom law at the time of the dispute . the company , elane photography , refused the job because of the co-owner 's religious beliefs . willock sued elane photography for discrimination , and the company defended itself by citing the law . the photography studio lost the case because the court ruled that it could not use the religious freedom law because the dispute was between two private parties and not a government entity . what would happen if that case happened today in indiana , with the new , expanded religious freedom law ? for sure , the case would have proceeded to trial , said tim holbrook , a law professor at emory university . the photography studio would have had the chance to make its argument in court that it denied the service because of religious reasons . would the outcome have been the same ? would an indiana jury side with the company that refused service to a couple because of their sexual orientation ? in a letter expressing concern about the indiana law , a group of 30 legal scholars argued that what indiana has done is expanded the scope of the law to the point that religious considerations might trump discrimination concerns . `` in our expert opinion , the clear evidence ... unmistakably demonstrates that the broad language of the proposed state rfra will more likely create confusion , conflict , and a wave of litigation that will threaten the clarity of religious liberty rights in indiana while undermining the state 's ability to enforce other compelling interests , '' the letter , whose signatories included many indiana law professors , stated . these concerns are based on speculation of what might happen , said josh blackman , a constitutional law professor at south texas college of law . yes , the indiana law makes it clear that individuals and private companies can use the religious freedom law as a defense , he said . `` but , just because you raise the defense does not mean it will be successful . '' those who try to defend their discriminatory actions in court tend to lose , blackman said . in his opinion , if elane photography had been able to use the law as a defense in new mexico , it still likely would have lost the case . what 's clear is that indiana 's law increases the potential pool of people who can defend themselves claiming religious freedom . the success of such arguments is to be seen . in the meantime , some are already hatching plans on how to test the law , including bill levin , founder of the first church of cannabis , who argued on cnn that the law should protect his right to smoke pot . much is being made of the fact that the first religious freedom law was signed by president bill clinton more than 20 years ago . there was bipartisan support in 1993 , so why the commotion over a similar law in 2015 , some ask ? context , timing and intent have changed the way these laws are viewed . the federal law was written by two democrats , schumer and the late sen. edward kennedy . today , it is being championed by republicans . the law came into being after two native americans in oregon were fired from their jobs at a rehab clinic because they had consumed peyote , the hallucinogenic cactus . they were denied unemployment benefits , and they sued the state , claiming that the peyote was part of their religious customs . they lost the case . there was outrage over the decision , and the law was created as a remedy . as envisioned by its authors , it would protect the freedoms of religious minorities . over the years , the law helped a number of people -- a muslim prisoner won the right to grow a short beard , a santeria priest was allowed to sacrifice a goat on special religious occasions , and a native american boy received an exception to his school 's policy banning long hair on boys . the law was on the books for years , with little attention paid to it . but holbrook says it is no coincidence that the religious freedom laws became popular at the state level just as the gay rights and marriage equality movement made historic steps . many states are using the laws to carve out exceptions to allow christians to deny services to same-sex couples . holbrook said . `` the timing is beyond a coincidence , '' he said . `` we are having an interest in rfra at the time same-sex marriage is coming forward . '' though not enshrined in the law , critics accuse the states pursuing the laws of using them to justify discrimination by the majority religion . blackman said the history of the state religious freedom laws shows that they have not turned into conduits for discrimination . the expanded laws might mean more people will defend themselves using it , but most will likely lose , he said . `` the moral outrage over this reflects how uninformed people are on the history of the rfra , '' he said . so we 've established that the biggest difference between the federal law and the indiana law is the scope : in indiana , the law can be raised as a defense in private disputes , while the federal law applies only to government matters . not so fast . according to blackman , the interpretations of the federal religious freedom law are not uniform . four u.s. circuit courts of appeals have ruled that the federal law can be used as a defense in cases involving private parties . two other appeals courts have ruled that this is not allowed . and then , there is the hobby lobby case . hobby lobby , citing the federal religious freedom law , argued that it should not have to provide contraception coverage through insurance to its employees via obamacare because it was against the owners ' beliefs . and , hobby lobby won the case before the supreme court . the ruling , in effect , expanded the reach of the federal law to include a business . the hobby lobby decision , plus the appeals courts rulings , may have opened the door for states like indiana to be explicit about its expansion of the law . one way to look at it , blackman said , is that indiana simply clarified and codified something that is hazy in the federal courts . the outrage over the indiana law is that it can be used to deny services to the lgbt community on the ground of religious beliefs . some may rightfully ask , `` where was the outrage before the religious freedom law ? '' indiana does not have an nondiscrimination law that protects people based on sexual orientation or gender identity . in that sense , the religious freedom law is not necessary for those who want to discriminate against gays and lesbians . even before the controversial indiana law was passed , if a restaurant denied service to a gay couple , the couple might be able to sue , but not for discrimination . for that matter , there is also no federal law that protects the lgbt community . according to the human rights campaign , lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people are sometimes fired , denied a promotion or harassed in the workplace . and their recourse is limited . with the proliferation of religious freedom state laws , nondiscrimination laws become even more important . another hypothetical outcome of the new mexico case involving the lesbian couple and the photography studio . if new mexico had the same religious freedom law as indiana , the case would have gone to trial . but new mexico has a nondiscrimination law that protects the lgbt community , it and it would have provided a strong counter-argument to the religious freedom claim . in indiana , that protection would be lacking . ( it gets more complicated when some local governments , like the city of indianapolis , do have nondiscrimination ordinances ) . for this reason , holbrook suggests that a `` fix '' for the indiana law would be the passage of a nondiscrimination law . or , at the very least , an exception written into the religious freedom bill that protects from such discrimination .