sanaa , yemen ( cnn ) saudi airstrikes over yemen have resumed once again , two days after saudi arabia announced the end of its air campaign . the airstrikes thursday targeted rebel houthi militant positions in three parts of sanaa , two yemeni defense ministry officials said . the attacks lasted four hours . the strikes caused no casualties , but did destroy all three military compounds that were targeted , the officials said . they said saudi airstrikes were also targeting houthi positions in lahj province . on tuesday , saudi arabia announced the end of its operation decisive storm , a nearly month-long air campaign against houthi positions . the saudi-led coalition said a new initiative was underway , operation renewal of hope , focused on the political process . but less than 24 hours later , after rebel forces attacked a yemeni military brigade , the airstrikes resumed , security sources in taiz said . five airstrikes targeted a weapons depot in the province late wednesday , two taiz security officials said . they said explosions lasted for about 40 minutes . saudi arabia and its coalition partners started pounding houthi positions across yemen starting on march 26 , hoping to wipe out the iranian-allied rebel group that overthrew the yemeni government and seized power . the saudis say they want to restore the yemeni government -- a key u.s. ally in the fight against al qaeda -- which was kicked out of the capital by the rebels earlier this year . this month , saudi officials said airstrikes have degraded houthi-controlled military infrastructure , including key buildings in sanaa . the campaign achieved its objectives `` by a very good planning , very precise execution , by the courage of our pilots , our sailors , our soldiers , '' said brig . gen. ahmed asiri , a saudi military spokesman . a senior saudi official told cnn that the houthis agreed to `` nearly all demands '' of the u.n. security council . a statement from the saudi embassy in washington outlined objectives of the next phase of operations , including protecting civilians , enhancing humanitarian and medical assistance , confronting terrorism and creating an international coalition to provide maritime security . ground troops will continue to protect the border and confront any attempts to destabilize the situation , asiri said . military action will be taken if needed . houthi leader : ' anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming ' . on wednesday , houthis released yemeni defense minister mahmoud al-subaihi in sanaa , a senior saudi source said on the condition of anonymity . the houthis had said they detained the defense minister at an air base near the yemeni port city of aden on march 26 , shortly before the saudis began their airstrike campaign . the rebels had captured the base that day as part of an advance on the aden area . the united nations demanded al-subaihi 's release earlier this month . but beyond the military campaign , the saudis and their allies have said they want to find a political solution for the violence-plagued nation . president abd rabbuh mansur hadi , who says he 's yemen 's legitimate leader , thanked the saudi-led coalition . he is working with the saudis and other allies to return to his country . `` we promise to restructure the yemen military to ensure that it serves the people of yemen , '' hadi said , calling on the houthis to withdraw , and saying that he would return to yemen at `` the right time '' to rebuild the country . `` you will witness many changes in the days to come in our mission to build an institutional government and military , far from rebel militancy . '' why is saudi arabia bombing yemen ? hakim almasmari reported from sanaa ; holly yan reported and wrote from atlanta . cnn 's mohammed tawfeeq , salim essaid , nic robertson and josh levs contributed to this report .