( cnn ) there is a special kind of hell reserved for the women who fall into the clutches of today 's jihadi fighters . we are all familiar with the brutality of isis , the self-anointed islamic state , or boko haram , the nigerian terrorists who have pledged allegiance to isis . this new wave of violent islamist groups proudly brandishes medieval methods of cruelty through modern technology as a tool of recruitment and intimidation . but there is something very different about the way they treat women . the jihadi chiefs have a strategy beyond the battlefield . their treatment of their female victims plays an important part in their ambitious radical strategy . killing the enemy , the men , is a tactic for winning battles and conquering territory . what they do to women has an altogether different purpose : it is part of the larger plan of building a `` caliphate , '' a sharia-ruled state complete with controls and norms harking back to the seventh century or , rather , to the group 's interpretation of life in the early days of islam . yazidi girls who slipped isis after its siege of mount sinjar describe how they were sent to slave warehouses along with hundreds of other women . there , they were lined up in groups of 50 and displayed for isis fighters to choose among them , some for marriage , others for sexual slavery . the stories told to journalists or to human rights workers are confirmed by doctors who have examined the girls and say they have found evidence of repeated sexual assault . an investigation by human rights watch found `` a system of organized rape and sexual assault , sexual slavery , and forced marriage by isis forces , '' actions that the group says `` are war crimes and may be crimes against humanity . '' in nigeria , boko haram also has a very specific approach to women . the 276 students kidnapped one year ago make up a small portion of the 2,000 women and girls kidnapped by the group since 2014 , according to amnesty international . there , too , women captives move from house to house and village to village , forced to convert when they are not muslim , and prepare for marriage to jihadis . it 's a stark change from the previous generation of jihadis , when osama bin laden headed al qaeda . women were not a big part of al qaeda 's immediate plans because al qaeda , unlike isis , viewed the establishment of a caliphate as a distant goal , one for future generations . in contrast , isis is actively engaged in building those social structures . and if you want to build a new society , you need more than soldiers . you also need women . women are indispensable for establishing a functioning community , even one whose laws are brutally repressive . even if women are viewed as the property of men , they are still needed , not just for cooking , cleaning and sex , but to keep the home and raise children ; hence the methodical capture , assault and subjugation . it is no accident that boko haram has targeted students , as it did in chibok , or that somalia 's al-shabaab islamists killed scores of women in the massacre at kenya 's garissa university in kenya . as in previous conflicts , women are spoils of war and rape is a weapon of war . it is a way to humiliate the enemy , a `` reward '' for soldiers and a tactic of ethnic cleansing . during the bosnian war of the 1990s , experts said serbian soldiers engaged in systematic rape , thinking the babies of raped bosnian muslim women would be serbian . in darfur , government-backed militias were accused of using mass rape to humiliate the non-arab groups . but this is different . the women are not simply abused and discarded . isis and boko haram are enslaving them and incorporating them into the daily life of territories they rule , subjecting them to asphyxiating restrictions and abuses that have caused many of them to attempt suicide , according to some of those who escaped -- a phenomenon reminiscent of afghanistan during the rule of the taliban , another radical islamic group that managed to take control and impose unspeakable rules for women . isis is going to great lengths to prove how its treatment of women , including the selling of yazidi prisoners as slaves , is in keeping with islamic law . its online magazine cites islamic writings proclaiming : `` we will conquer your rome , break your crosses , and enslave your women , by the permission of allah . '' the worst fate is reserved for non-muslims , such as yazidis , but muslim women in areas seized by islamists have seen disaster . from mosul , iraq 's second-largest city , a modern town until isis conquered it last year , women say , `` they have withheld all freedoms from us '' and describe oppressive , fear-filled lives . the brutality of the new jihadis is more than mere sadism . if it is madness , it is madness with a method . and when it comes to women , the method is one that aims to control them as a way to establish the society they envision , one where some women say life is simply not worth living .