( cnn ) after years of making the case that the education of athletes is paramount , the ncaa now says it has no legal responsibility to make sure education is actually delivered . on its website , the ncaa prominently states , `` it 's our commitment -- and our responsibility -- to give young people opportunities to learn , play and succeed . '' and later , it says that `` in the collegiate model of sports , the young men and women competing on the field or court are students first , athletes second . '' but the ncaa is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former university of north carolina athletes . the lawsuit claimed the students did n't get an education because they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud scandal in ncaa history . in its response , the ncaa says it has no legal responsibility `` to ensure the academic integrity of the courses offered to student-athletes at its member institutions . '' even with pages of online information about academic standards , and even though the ncaa has established a system of academic eligibility and accountability that it boasts of regularly , ncaa attorneys wrote in this court filing that `` the ncaa did not assume a duty to ensure the quality of the education of student-athletes , '' and `` the ncaa does not have ' direct , day-to-day , operational control ' `` over member institutions like unc . `` it 's nonsense . it 's double talk , '' said gerald gurney , a former athletic-academic director who is now president of the drake group for academic integrity in collegiate sport . `` if you look at their basic core principles , it 's all about academics , the experience , the integration of academics , and the education of the student is paramount , '' gurney said . `` they seem to talk out of both sides of their mouths . '' the ncaa referred calls for comment to an online statement , which read in part : the ncaa believes that the lawsuit misunderstands the ncaa 's role with respect to its member schools and ignores the myriad steps the ncaa has taken to assist student-athletes in being equipped to excel both in the classroom and on the playing field . `` this case is troubling for a number of reasons , not the least of which is that the law does not and has never required the ncaa to ensure that every student-athlete is actually taking full advantage of the academic and athletic opportunities provided to them , '' said donald remy , ncaa chief legal officer . in its response to the lawsuit , it also likened its role to that of the american bar association or american medical association , and said that those entities are not sued every time a lawyer or doctor acts inappropriately . the scandal at unc involved thousands of athletes who , over 18 years , were funneled into classes that never met , where advisers fudged grades and accepted plagiarism so that athletes who were falling behind in class could remain eligible to play sports . mary willingham , the unc whistleblower turned ncaa critic , has for years said that athletes across the country are accepted to colleges even though they 're academically underprepared and then pushed into classes where little work is required . the system of eligibility that the ncaa brags about , she says , is a sham . `` why do we go through the trouble of compliance if we ca n't legitimize that the courses are real and the education is real anyway ? it makes no sense , '' said willingham , who recently wrote a book about the unc scandal called `` cheated . '' `` if they ca n't legitimize that the academics are real and take no responsibility for that , then why certify students semester after semester to play ? it 's lost its meaning for me . '' the ncaa 's claim that it 's hands-off when it comes to athletics seems to be a direct contradiction of what the organization has been repeating for years , not just in the rhetoric on its website , but in speeches by its president , mark emmert , and in court defending itself from numerous lawsuits over paying athletes . for example , before it lost a case filed by former ucla player ed o'bannon , suing for the right of athletes to make money off their images and likenesses , the ncaa stood on the pillar of amateurism , insisting that college athletes are paid with an education . that 's the defense the ncaa is now using in another class action filed by big-time sports attorney jeffrey kessler , seeking to make college sports a free market where athletes are paid salaries based on their value . in response , the ncaa said that what sets college sports apart from pros is education : consistent with `` its commitment to amateurism , member institutions conduct their athletics programs for students who choose to participate in intercollegiate athletics as a part of their educational experience and in accordance with ncaa bylaws . '' attorney michael hausfeld , who represented both o'bannon and now the unc athletes , said this : `` this startling inconsistency is unfortunately all too symptomatic of the ncaa 's shifting rhetoric and faltering commitment to its college athletes . ncaa president mark emmert has repeatedly proposed that ' what we live for is the education of our athletes , ' but the ncaa 's record tells a far different story . '' but rick burton , professor of sport management at syracuse university , said it 's not realistic to think that the ncaa would regulate every professor and every course an athlete might take at each university across the country . `` i understand , i think , where the ncaa is coming from . we would not let the ncaa come in and tell us how to run our chemistry department at syracuse university , '' he said . `` it sounds like someone is trying to say the ncaa should have been supervising that department at the university of north carolina , and there 's no logic to that , '' he said . `` the people who are saying the ncaa should be held accountable for academics at every school are just looking for an opportunity to throw rocks at the ncaa . '' unc , which was also sued , has admitted to the fraud , but also asked for a judge to throw out the case , saying the athletes waited too long -- seven years -- to sue and the `` educational malpractice '' theory does n't apply . unc claims it is protected by state law . this is reminiscent of another ncaa reversal . the ncaa , which was founded a century ago to protect athletes from `` dangerous and exploitive athletic practices , '' now says it does not enforce health and safety rules . in fact , in response to a lawsuit filed by the family of a player who died in 2011 , the ncaa wrote : `` the ncaa denies that it has a legal duty to protect student-athletes . '' a cnn investigation found that the ncaa has failed to open investigations in several cases where safety rules allegedly were broken . it has also fallen behind in imposing rules for concussions -- far behind even the nfl . ramogi huma , president of the national college players association , and a leading thorn in the ncaa 's side for decades , said this latest backpedaling from the ncaa leaves him wondering why the organization exists at all . `` there 's nothing left the ncaa can claim it does that is beneficial to college athletes or society . one has to wonder what does the ncaa do if it does n't protect players ? if it does n't play a role in the education of college athletics ? it begs the question of why does the ncaa exist -- and why does it have a tax exemption . ''