( rolling stone ) one summer a few years ago , frances bean cobain worked as an intern in the new york offices of rolling stone . frances -- the daughter of nirvana singer-guitarist kurt cobain and an executive producer of the new hbo documentary on his life , `` kurt cobain : montage of heck '' -- was `` a 15-year-old goth kid , so stoked , '' she recalls with a laugh during a recent interview for the cover story in our new issue . she remembers providing research assistance on a cover about the jonas brothers -- and working in a cubicle across from a wall with a giant painting of kurt . `` yeah , '' frances says with a grin and mock-exasperation , `` looking at my dad every day . '' ( preview the cover story and listen to a previously unheard cobain song here . ) that is one of many stories and revelations that come out over almost three hours late one afternoon in early march , as frances , now 22 and a visual artist , speaks publicly for the first time about her father ; life after his death ; her complex relationship with her mother , courtney love ; and the new film , written , directed and produced by brett morgen . `` kurt got to the point where he eventually had to sacrifice every bit of who he was to his art , because the world demanded it of him , '' frances says bluntly at one point . `` i think that was one of the main triggers as to why he felt he did n't want to be here and everyone would be happier without him . '' rolling stone : listen to a previously unheard kurt cobain song . but `` in reality , if he had lived , '' she goes on , `` i would have had a dad . and that would have been an incredible experience . '' what follows are additional excerpts from a remarkable -- and moving -- conversation . how would you describe `` montage of heck '' ? it 's emotional journalism . it 's the closest thing to having kurt tell his own story in his own words -- by his own aesthetic , his own perception of the world . it paints a portrait of a man attempting to cope with being a human . when brett and i first met , i was very specific about what i wanted to see , how i wanted kurt to be represented . i told him , `` i do n't want the mythology of kurt or the romanticism . '' even though kurt died in the most horrific way possible , there is this mythology and romanticism that surrounds him , because he 's 27 forever . the shelf life of an artist or musician is n't particularly long . kurt has gotten to icon status because he will never age . he will always be that relevant in that time and always be beautiful . rolling stone : 17 young innovators shaking up the music industry . there is , with any great artist , a little manic-ness and insanity . `` tropic of cancer '' is one of my favorite books . and [ author ] henry miller had this work ethic , where he would get out of bed every day and force himself to write five pages . it taught me that if you do the work , you progress . so many people are content to settle . my dad was exceptionally ambitious . but he had a lot thrown on him , exceeding his ambition . he wanted his band to be successful . but he did n't want to be the f -- -- -- voice of a generation . do you remember the first time you heard a nirvana record -- and knowing that was your father ? i 've talked to sean lennon about this . he had a few more years with his dad that you did . but for him , the records were a road into understanding his father after he was gone . i do n't really like nirvana that much [ grins ] . sorry , promotional people , universal . i 'm more into mercury rev , oasis , brian jonestown massacre [ laughs ] . the grunge scene is not what i 'm interested in . but `` territorial pissings '' [ on nevermind ] is a f -- -- -- great song . and `` dumb '' [ on in utero ] -- i cry every time i hear that song . it 's a stripped-down version of kurt 's perception of himself -- of himself on drugs , off drugs , feeling inadequate to be titled the voice of a generation . rolling stone : elton john , michael stipe defend transgender prisoners ' rights . the irony is that he wrote it before nirvana made nevermind . i know . it was projection , to something . there 's no way anyone can wrap their minds around that . did you feel awkward as a teenager , not being that interested in the music kurt made ? no . i would have felt more awkward if i 'd been a fan . i was around 15 when i realized he was inescapable . even if i was in a car and had the radio on , there 's my dad . he 's larger than life , and our culture is obsessed with dead musicians . we love to put them on a pedestal . if kurt had just been another guy who abandoned his family in the most awful way possible . . . but he was n't . he inspired people to put him on a pedestal , to become st. kurt . he became even bigger after he died than he was when he was alive . you do n't think it could have gotten any bigger . but it did . after the first screening i attended , there was a guy who said `` montage of heck '' was a very interesting film about people he did n't like . [ laughs ] that 's a pretty good description . rolling stone : a guide to cobain 's cinematic legacy . i found it interesting that the way morgen told kurt 's story did n't evoke any sympathy for that viewer -- that kurt 's art did not resonate with him . all he saw was a personalty he did n't like . that is an interesting perspective . for me , the film provided a lot more factual information about my father -- not just tall tales that were misconstrued , misremembered , rehashed , retold 10 different ways . it was factual evidence of who my father was as a child , as a teenager , as a man , as a husband , as an artist . it explored every single aspect of who he was as a human being . what was it like hearing his voice ? i 've been hearing his voice forever , through his music . i was thinking more of his speaking voice . his speaking voice is sort of similar to mine . it 's sort of a monotone . the depth to it is similar to the way i speak . i do n't know what the f -- - that is . i was n't even talking when he was around . do n't mistake the power of genes . it 's very weird how genes are . dave [ grohl ] , krist [ novoselic ] and pat [ smear ] came over to a house where i was living . it was the first time [ the ex-nirvana members ] had been together in a long time . and they had what i call the `` k. c. jeebies , '' which is when they see me , they see kurt . they look at me , and you can see they 're looking at a ghost . they were all getting the k. c. jeebies hardcore . dave said , `` she is so much like kurt . '' they were all talking amongst themselves , rehashing old stories i 'd heard a million times . i was sitting in a chair , chain-smoking , looking down like this [ affects total boredom ] . and they went , `` you are doing exactly what your father would have done . '' but i was glad they came over [ smiles ] . it was a cool experience , like having a nirvana reunion minus one . except for his spawn . what do you want to do next , now that this film is coming out ? in being one of the executive producers , you 're stepping into the public at almost the same age your father was when he made nirvana 's first album . the timing is . . .i like to think of it as poetic . coincidental , yeah . oddly enough , being 22 , it 's the first year a fire has been lit under my ass -- not because of the documentary , just personally . i have this motivation and ambition that i did n't have before : `` i want to go paint this painting . '' the hardest part of doing anything creatively is just getting up and doing . once i get out of bed and get into my art room , i start painting . i 'm there . and i 'm doing it . copyright © 2015 rolling stone .