( cnn ) for more than four days , police say , a 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods of philadelphia 's cobbs creek park with only a blanket and a bible . the person responsible is the man 's mother , who on sunday faced a host of charges after allegedly abandoning her son and catching a bus to maryland to see her boyfriend , said philadelphia police lt. john walker . low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week , and rain was reported in the area wednesday and thursday . the man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park , but walker told reporters that the man 's mother , whom he did not identify for cnn , left him there monday morning . `` sometime at 11 a.m. , the mother went to visit her boyfriend down in maryland , over in montgomery county , and we believe she placed the child into cobbs creeks park , '' walker said at a news conference . walker told cnn the man was transported to presbyterian hospital , but cnn affiliates reported he was being treated at the children 's hospital of philadelphia . he suffered eye problems , dehydration , malnutrition and a cut to the back that has raised infection concerns , the lieutenant told reporters . `` this kid 's obviously a fighter , '' walker said during a saturday news conference . `` it 's just unbelievable how we found him out there last night . to see that kid laying there , it 's heartbreaking to see another human , especially a mother , can treat someone like that . '' officials at philadelphia 's school of the future , which the man attends , became concerned when he did n't show up for classes and tried to contact his mother but eventually reached an aunt , cnn affiliate wpvi reported . when police tracked down the mother , she told them her son was with her , walker said . `` she indicated to both family members and the police officers that the child was with her down with her boyfriend in maryland , '' he said . the boyfriend was not aware of what happened , walker told cnn affiliate kyw-tv . the mother now stands charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , reckless endangerment of another person , neglect of a care-dependent person , unlawful restraint , kidnapping and false imprisonment , the station reported . walker told reporters she bore `` clear criminal liability in this case . '' maryland police took her into custody on sunday , and she will face the charges in philadelphia following an extradition hearing , wpvi reported . there was no reason for the man to suffer , walker told philly.com , because the mother had sisters willing to take care of him . two of his aunts , who have tried to obtain guardianship of him , were staying with him at the hospital , police told the website . the mother has another child , a 16-year-old , who is also being taken care of by family members , wpvi reported . the mother 's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation , walker told reporters . authorities are interested in learning more about `` how this kid was cared for , and what actions were taken and providing of services by different agencies . '' cnn 's carma hassan contributed to this report .