( cnn ) rebekah gregory blinked back tears as she thought about the verdict . it had been almost two years since dzhokhar tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the boston marathon , setting off deadly explosions that wounded her and hundreds of others . in court last month , she testified that one of the blasts on that day in 2013 left her lying in the street , staring at her own bones . now , jurors have found him guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the deadly bombings and their aftermath . but no verdict can ever totally make up for the pain , she said . `` i do n't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this , no mater if he does get the death penalty or he remains in prison for the rest of his life , '' she said , crying as she spoke to reporters outside her texas home . `` i do believe , however , that he should be held accountable for his actions . and i 'm very thankful for each of the jury members that are making him do that . '' gregory , who wrote a widely publicized letter to tsarnaev after testifying , said the trial has left her and other victims reeling from a flood of emotions as they relive horrifying memories , but it 's an important step . `` everything is being brought up again full force . our lives will never ever be the same , but i hope with this we can move forward and remember that we are still here for a reason , that there 's a bigger plan , '' she said . `` i may be standing on one fake leg , but i 'm standing here , stronger than ever , because someone tried to destroy me , and he failed . '' for gregory and others who lived through the 2013 attack , wednesday 's verdict brought a mix of emotions , from triumphant vows to move forward , to expressions of gratitude , to debate over whether tsarnaev should be sentenced to death . there were no outbursts inside the federal courthouse in boston . in fact , there was barely any peripheral noise as people sat on the edges of their seats . as tsarnaev fidgeted and scratched the back of his head , some survivors and victims ' family members lowered their heads and dabbed tears . as cnn 's alexandra field noted from inside the courtroom , `` they 've waited a long time for this . '' the family of sean collier , a 26-year-old police officer shot to death in his patrol car on the campus of the massachusetts institute of technology , said tsarnaev and his brother , tamerlan , were terrorists who `` failed monumentally '' in striking fear in people . `` while today 's verdict can never bring sean back , we are thankful that dzhokhar tsarnaev will be held accountable for the evil that he brought to so many families , '' the collier family said in a written statement . to richard `` dic '' donohue , an mbta police officer left in a pool of blood after being wounded in a shootout with the tsarnaevs in watertown , the verdicts show that `` as a society , ... terrorism will not prevail , and we will hold those accountable for their acts against our nation . '' `` justice has been served today , '' donahue tweeted . survivor karen brassard said she needed to attend the trial to help her heal . she does n't believe dzhokhar tsarnaev 's brother tamerlan , now dead , persuaded him to take part in the plot , as the defense contended . dzhokhar , in her view , was `` all in . '' `` obviously we are grateful for the outcome today , '' brassard tolder reporters . `` it 's not a happy occasion , but it 's something that we can put one more step behind us . '' that sense of turning the page was echoed by bruce mendelsohn , who is among those who rushed to save lives at the marathon finish line . the verdicts mean that dzhokhar tsarnaev is no longer a bombing suspect -- he is now officially a `` convicted killer . '' you ca n't call it celebration . but there is a newfound peace of mind , at least , in and around boston . this was a community that suffered greatly after the bombing and subsequent manhunt . and they got through it by rallying around each other , a deep bond reflected in the mantra `` boston strong . '' that feeling was reaffirmed all around the city by wednesday 's verdict . and it 's evident in people like heather abbott , who lost her left leg below the knee . since then , she 's become a living example of someone who was n't stopped by the terror -- learning not only to walk again , but to run again . `` nothing can ever replace the lives that were lost or changed forever , '' abbott said wednesday on facebook . `` but at least there is some relief in knowing that justice is served and responsibility will be taken . '' that view was commonly shared . for those hurt -- physically , mentally , emotionally -- by the horrors of 2013 , wednesday was key to their progression . but it 's not the end of the road . just ask jeff bauman . the picture of him , bloodied , being rushed through the streets of boston by good samaritan carlos arredondo , became a symbol of the carnage and heroism from this attack . even after losing both his legs , bauman has become a symbol since of resilience -- moving on with his life , by marrying and fathering a child . on wednesday , bauman said the verdict `` will never replace the lives that were lost and so dramatically changed . '' `` but it is a relief , '' he added , `` and one step closer to closure . '' cnn 's ann o'neill and steve almasy contributed to this report .