moscow ( cnn ) never mind . north korean leader kim jong un has backed out of next month 's visit to moscow for world war ii anniversary celebrations , kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said thursday . `` we were informed of the decision via diplomatic channels , '' peskov said . `` the decision is connected with north korean domestic affairs . '' the visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked kim 's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of north korea in late 2011 . he was to have met with russian president vladimir putin as part of the may visit to coincide with victory day , marking the 70th anniversary of the soviet union 's victory over nazi germany in world war ii . kim also could have had the chance to rub elbows with the heads of about 30 other governments , including the leaders of china , cuba , india , germany , vietnam and venezuela . this number represents about half the world leaders that russia has said it invited to the celebrations . kim 's trip had been anticipated since late december , when russian state media reported that moscow had extended an invitation . there was no further explanation , from moscow or pyongyang , as to why he would n't head west . still , north korea has a number of issues it 's been wrestling with for years . they include widespread poverty , its longstanding spat with neighboring south korea and the united states , as well as its international isolation largely due to its controversial nuclear program . and news about kim 's non-visit comes a day after south korean intelligence agents told lawmakers that kim is ruling with an iron fist , having ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year . cnn can not independently confirm the executions detailed by shin kyung-min , a lawmaker with the new politics alliance for democracy who attended the closed briefing . and the nature of the intelligence supporting the allegations was not immediately clear . that said , north korea is one of the most closed societies in the world . and there 's little doubt that kim is very much in charge . according to shin , intelligence officials say the north korean leader is ruling in an impromptu manner and does not countenance excuses or any views that vary with his own . cnn 's madison park and alla eshchenko contributed to this report . cnn 's matthew chance reported from moscow , and cnn 's ed payne and greg botelho wrote this story from atlanta .