( cnn ) two years ago in a less turbulent time , mike premeau and kathy danke launched a small business , memories gourmet pizza co. , in their wisconsin town . the two were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas , including breakfast pizzas and gluten-free options , in stores across nichols , west of green bay . they grew a base of loyal customers . but all that was threatened this week when people began mistaking them for memories pizza of walkerton , indiana , which made national headlines after its owners said they would refuse to cater a same-sex wedding . people posted angry comments on memories gourmet pizza 's facebook page and called its phone number to protest . and almost overnight , premeau and danke found themselves thrust unwillingly into a national debate over indiana 's controversial religious freedom restoration act . `` my stomach was in my throat all afternoon , '' danke told cnn affiliates wbnd and wfrv . `` all of a sudden , our facebook page started getting flooded , '' premeau said . `` i was shocked . it was like i was a rat running around in a cage , wondering what 's going on here . '' in a cruel coincidence , the flood of outrage began on wednesday , april fool 's day . `` if i 'm ever in the area , i 'll be sure to starve to death before i give you and you intolerance any of my money ! '' wrote one commenter on facebook . `` i do n't have much of a message , except that i hope your bigotry puts you out of business very quickly , '' a man said in a voice mail . indiana pizzeria finds itself at the center of ' religious freedom ' debate . premeau thinks the firestorm was sparked by people googling `` memories pizza '' and confusing the two businesses -- despite the fact that nichols and walkerton are in separate states and almost 300 miles apart . he and danke tried to defuse the outcry with a facebook post saying in part , `` we are not that company in indiana , nor do we agree or condone their words or actions . '' in response , they began getting messages of support on facebook , along with a few sharp-tongued comments from supporters of the other memories pizza . premeau said he also got a call from a man whose initial post may have set off the social media storm , apologizing for the mistake . still , he worries that damage to his wholesale pizza business may have been done . `` this misinformation and this defamation of character could cause me to lose the business over someone else 's identity in another state , '' he said .