( cnn ) charlotte dujardin says she is `` living the dream '' as she cements her status as a dressage legend . dujardin and valegro won their their second consecutive reem acra fei world cup dressage title in las vegas at the weekend -- a trophy to sit alongside olympic gold and the world and european titles . while their score of 94.196 narrowly missed their own world record in the sport , it was still a full 10 percentage points clear of any rival inside the thomas & mack arena . dutchman edward gal and glock 's undercover were second with 84.696 , ahead of germany 's jessica von bredow-werndl and unee bb in third with 80.464 . `` valegro just loves his job , '' said dujardin . `` i do n't have to force him to do anything , i just sit there and steer and off i go . there 's no sweating , no pushing , no pulling . he knows his job and it 's just fantastic '' added dujardin , who could n't stop smiling as she was pictured next to an elvis impersonator after her win . not everyone finds world cup success quite that relaxing . switzerland 's steve guerdat may be the london olympic champion , but his longines fei world cup jumping victory in vegas came at the 10th attempt . guerdat and albfuehren 's paille had the last fence down and narrowly avoided a time fault that would have denied them the outright win . `` i do n't really want to think about it , '' he joked . `` coming to the last i knew the time was tight . `` i just went as fast as i could to the finish line , but unfortunately there was a big fence in the way . '' he added : `` i 've been three times on the podium , twice in the jump-off and always finished in the top 10 . i always wanted to win this . '' the world cup finals are among the most prestigious equestrian titles , but the weekend 's events in las vegas were notable for the success of younger riders . american dressage rider laura graves , a 27-year-old who burst onto the international scene with fifth place at last year 's world equestrian games , improved to fourth in vegas . her performance was outdone by irish showjumper bertram allen , who took bronze on sunday at the age of 19 . the teenager is likely to rise through the ranks of the world 's top 10 following that performance , while gaining precious olympic qualification points . allen and molly malone finished behind french rider penelope leprevost , on board vagabond de la pomme , who took silver .