( cnn ) the united states and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with iran in lausanne , switzerland , on thursday that limits iran 's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon . expect pushback anyway , if the recent past is any harbinger . just last month , in an attempt to head off such an agreement , house speaker john boehner invited israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to preemptively blast it before congress , and 47 senators sent a letter to the iranian leadership warning them away from a deal . the debate that has already begun since the announcement of the new framework will likely result in more heat than light . it will not be helped by the gathering swirl of dubious assumptions and doubtful assertions . let us address some of these : the most misleading assertion , despite universal rejection by experts , is that the negotiations ' objective at the outset was the total elimination of any nuclear program in iran . that is the position of netanyahu and his acolytes in the u.s. congress . but that is not and never was the objective . if it had been , there would have been no iranian team at the negotiating table . rather , the objective has always been to structure an agreement or series of agreements so that iran could not covertly develop a nuclear arsenal before the united states and its allies could respond . the new framework has exceeded expectations in achieving that goal . it would reduce iran 's low-enriched uranium stockpile , cut by two-thirds its number of installed centrifuges and implement a rigorous inspection regime . another dubious assumption of opponents is that the iranian nuclear program is a covert weapons program . despite sharp accusations by some in the united states and its allies , iran denies having such a program , and u.s. intelligence contends that iran has not yet made the decision to build a nuclear weapon . iran 's continued cooperation with international atomic energy agency inspections is further evidence on this point , and we 'll know even more about iran 's program in the coming months and years because of the deal . in fact , the inspections provisions that are part of this agreement are designed to protect against any covert action by the iranians . what 's more , the rhetoric of some members of congress has implied that the negotiations have been between only the united states and iran ( i.e. , the 47 senators ' letter warning that a deal might be killed by congress or a future president ) . this of course is not the case . the talks were between iran and the five permanent members of the u.n. security council ( united states , united kingdom , france , china and russia ) plus germany , dubbed the p5+1 . while the united states has played a leading role in the effort , it negotiated the terms alongside its partners . if the agreement reached by the p5+1 is rejected by congress , it could result in an unraveling of the sanctions on iran and threaten nato cohesion in other areas . another questionable assertion is that this agreement contains a sunset clause , after which iran will be free to do as it pleases . again , this is not the case . some of the restrictions on iran 's nuclear activities , such as uranium enrichment , will be eased or eliminated over time , as long as 15 years . but most importantly , the framework agreement includes iran 's ratification of the additional protocol , which allows iaea inspectors expanded access to nuclear sites both declared and nondeclared . this provision will be permanent . it does not sunset . thus , going forward , if iran decides to enrich uranium to weapons-grade levels , monitors will be able to detect such a move in a matter of days and alert the u.n. security council . many in congress have said that the agreement should be a formal treaty requiring the senate to `` advise and consent . '' but the issue is not suited for a treaty . treaties impose equivalent obligations on all signatories . for example , the new start treaty limits russia and the united states to 1,550 deployed strategic warheads . but any agreement with iran will not be so balanced . the restrictions and obligations in the final framework agreement will be imposed almost exclusively on iran . the p5+1 are obligated only to ease and eventually remove most but not all economic sanctions , which were imposed as leverage to gain this final deal . finally some insist that any agreement must address iranian missile programs , human rights violations or support for hamas or hezbollah . as important as these issues are , and they must indeed be addressed , they are unrelated to the most important aim of a nuclear deal : preventing a nuclear iran . to include them in the negotiations would be a poison pill . this agreement should be judged on its merits and on how it affects the security of our negotiating partners and allies , including israel . those judgments should be fact-based , not based on questionable assertions or dubious assumptions .