( cnn ) when al-shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in garissa , kenya , on thursday , it was the bloodiest blow islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the u.s. embassy in nairobi . but it was also yet another pave stone in the long path of violence between kenya and the somali militants . to understand thursday 's attack , one must understand this : kenya and al-shabaab are at war . although al qaeda was behind the 1998 attack that killed more than 200 people , al-shabaab has killed many more kenyans and is by far the country 's most persistent tormenter , according to a university of maryland study . their attacks have notched up since 2008 . and in october 2011 , kenya defense forces invaded somalia , where al-shabaab is based , with the crushing operation linda nchi , swahili for `` protect the country . '' thus began a bloody vicious cycle , with al-shabaab retaliating on kenyan soil with ever more spectacular mass killings . here are some of the most heinous attacks on kenya by the somali terrorist group . early thursday , while many students still slept , at least four gunman burst into a christian prayer service at garissa university college , leading into easter weekend . they shot students and took hostages , whom they herded across campus . as they encountered students , they separated them into muslims and christians . they spared the former , eyewitness joel ayora said . they killed the latter . kenyan special forces moved in at the campus located about 90 miles from somalia 's southern border . they killed four gunman , but not before 147 victims were shot dead . in december , al-shabaab militants carried out the same macabre division of captives by religion at a rock quarry not far from the somali border . they shot christian workers dead , and spared their muslim colleagues . red cross workers counted at least 36 bodies dumped into the quarry . it was eye-for-an-eye retaliation , the militants said , for raids kenyan security forces carried out on mosques intended to weed out extremists . parallel to operation linda nchi , kenya has gone after ethnic somalis within their own borders triggering protest by human rights watch , which has accused the government of ethnic profiling and mistreatment . in a 2011 case , kenyan authorities reportedly rounded up ethnic somalis in garissa and let them sit in the mud , while beating some of them , hrw alleged . passengers on a bus in kenya 's north were told to recite from the quran or die in november 2014 . shortly after the bus carrying some 60 people departed mandera , near somalia 's border , al-shabaab gunmen stopped it in a hilly area and barged in . those who failed to recite verses were gunned down , leaving 28 dead . in its claim of responsibility , al-shabaab said the dead were christians , and their killing was retaliation mosque raids by kenyans . a day after the attack , kenyan security forces retaliated with an offensive across the border into somalia . they claimed to kill 100 al-shabaab militants . in july , al-shabaab gunmen opened fire on the lamu coast , a popular tourist region , and at a police station in a neighboring county . they killed 22 people . last may , tour companies evacuated vacationers from kenya after the uk and united states issued alerts that there was a high threat of attacks . before the garissa massacre , the westgate mall attack was the deepest wound al-shabaab had inflicted on kenya . for four days , four attackers turned the luxury shopping mall in the capital nairobi into a cauldron of blood , smoke and rubble . part of the mall collapsed as kenyan security forces fought for control . at least 61 civilians were killed , as well as a handful of security officers . al-shabaab said the attack was retaliation for kenya participation in africa union military operations in somalia . even with al-shabaab 's shooting in garissa , al qaeda 's bombing of the u.s. embassy in 1998 remains the single bloodiest islamist terror attack on kenyan soil . in short succession , bombs detonated at u.s. embassies in kenya and tanzania back then . the nairobi bombing was much deadlier that the explosion at dar es salaam . al qaeda founding member mamdouh mahmud salim was arrested and accused in the bombing and is being held in a new york jail , where he still awaits trial . he is serving a 32 year sentence after being convicted of stabbing a prison guard there in the eye .