rome ( cnn ) the italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of sicily , the italian military said friday . the boat , named airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers ( 56 miles ) from the libyan port of misrata , according to a statement from the italian joint forces . an italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a libyan soldier on the vessel , according to a statement by the italian navy . it said during the operation , rifle shots were accidentally fired , and one of the seven fisherman on board was slightly injured . the airone , carrying three sicilians and four tunisians , had embarked from mazara del vallo in sicily five days earlier to fish for shrimp . the airone 's captain said there were about 10 other ships in the area when it was seized , according to vito mazzarino , the boat 's owner . `` at a certain point a tug boat came up and flanked the fish boat and some libyans came on board , '' mazzarino said , quoting the captain , alberto figuccia . `` they were armed . and at that point chaos erupted . '' italy is a major gateway to europe for migrants from north africa . thousands of people each year make the dangerous sea journey from north africa to europe 's mediterranean coast , to flee war and poverty . italy registered more than 10,000 migrants in the first three months of 2015 , according to the international organization for migration . on monday , gunmen on a speedboat fired shots in the air and sped away with a wooden boat that was being used to transport migrants , according to frontex , the european union 's border management agency . that incident occurred 60 nautical miles from the libyan coast . the 250 migrants on board had already been transferred on to a different boat , frontex said on its website . `` this is a sign that smugglers in libya are running short of boats and are more willing to use weapons to recover those used to transport the migrants , '' said fabrice leggeri , frontex 's executive director , in a news release . italian police : muslim migrants threw christians overboard .