panama city beach , florida ( cnn ) a third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape that was videotaped on a crowded stretch of panama city beach , the bay county , florida , sheriff 's office said wednesday . police arrested the suspect at 11 p.m. tuesday . `` after developing information that george davon kennedy was the third suspect seen in the video of the gang rape , bcso investigators obtained a warrant for his arrest , '' according to a news release . investigators discovered that kennedy had family in dekalb county , georgia , and reached out to the sheriff 's office there . deputies in dekalb , in the atlanta area , tracked down kennedy and arrested him on a charge of sexual assault by multiple perpetrators , the bay county sheriff 's office said . kennedy is from murfreesboro , tennessee , and has been a student at middle tennessee state university , the sheriff 's office said . previously , ryan calhoun and delonte martistee were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators , the sheriff 's office said . calhoun was released saturday after posting $ 50,000 bond ; martistee remains in bay county jail , a county deputy said . troy university in alabama said the two are students and have been `` placed on temporary suspension from school per the university 's standards of conduct and disciplinary procedures . martistee , a member of the track and field team , has also been removed from the team . '' martistee is represented by a public defender . calhoun 's legal representation is unclear . no public statement has been made on either 's behalf . the arrests come after a woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped on a beach behind a popular club in broad daylight as bystanders watched . the woman did n't recall the assault , police say , but she saw the video of her alleged assault on the news , and though the footage had to be blurred , she recognized her tattoos and contacted authorities . it 's not the first time this has happened to a young woman in panama city beach , authorities say . four young men were involved in the assault , bay county sheriff frank mckeithen said , and while he previously said federal marshals were trying to track down a third suspect and investigators were seeking a possible witness , it 's unclear if the person arrested tuesday was someone the police had been looking for . `` there 's hundreds , hundreds of people standing there -- watching , looking , seeing , hearing what 's going on , '' mckeithen said . `` and yet our culture and our society and our young people have got to the point where obviously this is acceptable somewhere . i will tell you it is not acceptable in bay county . '' authorities have said they plan to interview the woman and show her the full video to see whether she knows the attackers and can help identify other suspects , said ruth corley , spokeswoman for the sheriff 's office . authorities are pressing charges , and the woman plans to cooperate , corley said . investigators were to meet with her this week . after interviewing witnesses , bay county investigators determined the alleged rape took place between march 10 and march 12 , behind spinnaker beach club , a popular bar and dance club for spring breakers . she `` does not remember the assault at all , '' corley said . `` she remembers taking a drink from a camelbak and there is a strong possibility she was drugged . '' ( camelbak sells various products for transporting water or other drinks . ) she was visiting panama city beach at the time of the assault , and is now home , authorities said . the troy , alabama , police department found the video during the course of an investigation into an unrelated shooting and turned it over to the bay county sheriff 's office . the video shows suspects pushing the victim 's hand aside and holding her legs down , corley said . `` you can see in the video there are people two feet away . they were assaulting her , and we believe the people around her knew she was being assaulted . '' the suspects can be heard commenting about what they are doing to her , corley said . authorities have three sworn statements from witnesses stating that the assault happened , corley said . the sheriff 's office released part of the video to local tv stations , which blurred portions of it before airing . cnn is showing part of what was released . while the video is `` one of the most disgusting , repulsive , sickening things that i 've seen this year on panama city beach , '' it 's not an isolated incident , mckeithen said . `` this is not the first video we 've recovered . it 's not the second video . it 's not the third video . there 's a number of videos we 've recovered with things similar to this , and i can only imagine how many things we have n't recovered . '' corley said that through social media , `` we have been able to find video of girls , incoherent and passed out , and almost like they are drugged , being assaulted on the beaches of panama city in front of a bunch of people standing around . '' about 100,000 spring break revelers come to the beach community every year . this year , the bay county sheriff 's office made more than 1,000 arrests for various crimes -- about triple the number of arrests made in the same period last year . cnn 's anneclaire stapleton , josh levs and alexandra field contributed to this report .