( cnn ) tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached for the may 2 fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao . in what pacquiao 's promoter , bob arum , dubbed the `` fight of the century , '' disagreements have hampered the release of the tickets because of questions over how many tickets would be allocated to each fighter for the highly-anticipated las vegas event . `` there was a craze for tickets and under our agreement with mayweather promotions , we felt we were being deprived of our fair share of the tickets ( from ) the standpoint of number and location , '' arum told cnn . `` it was very , very important to my fighter manny pacquiao , to the philippines people ... manny has friends and family like you ca n't believe -- that will be in account for 800 or 900 tickets themselves . '' the cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $ 1,500 but demand for the fight is such that some seats could fetch as much as $ 11,000 on the secondary market . kenny bayless has been named as the referee of next month 's fight between mayweather and pacquiao . the nevada state athletic commission said bayless , who has officiated more than 100 title contests , would take charge of the most anticipated bout in recent boxing history at the mgm grand . the 64-year-old nevada native , who has refereed five of mayweather 's bouts and seven of pacquiao 's , was described as `` the best referee out there '' by pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach . and nevada state athletic commission executive director robert bennett said : `` kenny knows the pressure , stress and responsibility . `` he 's efficient and effective , and has proven to be successful over a number of years working in las vegas and other parts of the world . he 's one of the best referees in the world . '' the commission also confirmed that three american judges -- dave moretti and burt clements of nevada and glenn feldman of connecticut -- had been appointed for the fight . `` i think we have the best judges , and kenny bayless is the best referee out there , '' roach said . `` i think he 's going to give us a fair fight . '' the welterweight world title fight is likely to smash all revenue records and become the richest bout in the sport 's history , eclipsing the pay-per-view record of 2.4 million viewers for mayweather 's fight against oscar de la hoya in 2007 . speaking when the bout was confirmed in february , pacquiao said : `` i am very happy that floyd mayweather and i can give the fans the fight they have wanted for so many years . `` they have waited long enough , and they deserve it . '' mayweather and pacquiao have been considered the best pound-for-pound boxers of their generation but a host of issues -- including differences over drug testing protocols as well as revenue splits and broadcaster conflicts -- have stopped the two from meeting in the ring . both are coming to the end of their careers and have established interests elsewhere . according to forbes , mayweather , 38 , is the highest paid athlete in world sport . pacquiao , who is 36 , has run for political office in his native philippines .