west of baghdad , iraq ( cnn ) the call from faleh essawi , the deputy chief of the provincial council , who we were supposed to be meeting up with , came just as we were about to hit the bridge -- the only safe route from baghdad to neighboring anbar province . `` isis has taken the east of the city , it 's not accessible , '' he says , sounding frantic , rapidly rattling off the neighborhoods and areas isis fighters had just stormed into . moments later , we see the impact : an endless stream of humanity , shell shocked , and exhausted . parents cradle babies in blankets , some struggle under the weight of their belongings , some carry small plastic bags , while others nothing but the children clutching at their hands . cars are not permitted to cross this bridge across the euphrates . the government feels that restricting vehicles will decrease the likelihood of explosives making their way into iraq 's capital . those too young or too tired to walk pile into metal carts pushed by boys or young men , normally used to carry produce to markets . an elderly woman sits in one , a child in her arms , a worn down plastic doll in her hand . many do n't want to talk , at least not for long . what they just went through is too raw , too painful . one man we encounter describes how isis fighters commandeered his house . `` we heard clashes in the early morning , and we could n't see the security forces anywhere , '' he recalls . `` we saw the isis fighters , they just came into the house , they did n't say a word . they just sent a sniper to the roof . i grabbed my children and ran . '' his wife bursts into tears , prompting him to apologize for not being able to talk anymore -- they just want to keep going . another older woman , sitting in one of the carts surrounded by her grandchildren , starts sobbing the moment we approach her . `` they took our homes and kicked us out , '' she cries . over the weekend isis moved into towns just to the north of ramadi , which lies 68 miles ( 110km ) west of baghdad , sending thousands fleeing on foot into the city . isis had already blocked off access from the south months ago , and the west was contested territory . the east , until now , was not just a relatively safe zone but the only viable entrance and exit . at a hospital in amriyat al-falluja , about a 15-minute drive away , a wounded local fighter winces in pain . he was shot by a sniper in ramadi that morning as isis fighters advanced -- the bullet barely missed his heart . `` we had been warning we could see their movements , '' he tells us . `` but we just did n't have the force to hold them off . we did n't leave a single person we did n't call and ask for back up . '' but none came . hours after our morning conversation we speak to essawi again by phone . `` security is collapsing in the city , '' he screams . `` this is what we warned baghdad would happen . where is baghdad ? where is al-abadi ? `` just god knows if we will survive this , '' he says and hangs up . amriyat al-falluja regularly comes under attack from rockets and mortars from isis positions nearby . the hospital 's façade is scarred by shrapnel . the wards are full of people injured during these attacks . fifteen-year-old mustafa ahmed has bandages on his neck , leg , and other parts of his body . `` a mortar fell on our street , one of my neighbors was wounded , '' he explains . `` we went out to help him and the second one fell on us . '' his friend died , he says . in the next room amal ahmed speaks softly . `` i was in the garden and a rocket hit and the shrapnel sliced me open , '' she says , as tears roll down her face . `` something fell out of me and i grabbed it and i put it back in and i lay down . '' she starts to cry harder . her husband was killed by u.s. forces in fallujah -- another city in anbar -- in 2003 . her children have all moved away except her youngest , who broke his arm in the same attack . `` when i see the situation i do n't have hope , it 's just getting worse . '' a few moments later , we hear two massive explosions from another of the hospital 's buildings . they think it 's an isis rocket or mortar attack so we take cover along with the iraqi forces we are with in the hallway , away from the windows . more explosions go off in the distance . then another actually shakes our building . `` anyone want tea ? '' one of the policemen with us asks , laughing as he pours . `` this happens all the time , we 're used to it . '' the police chief , major aref al-janabi , radios to his men to respond . al-janabi , like so many others , is frustrated with the lack of support from baghdad . earlier , he had taken us to the front lines , a long berm that stretches along the northern and western parts of the town that is dotted with fighting positions . he says he regularly provides the joint command center with coordinates for isis positions , but so far there have been no significant air strikes or reinforcements . more explosions follow in the distance . we 're quickly moved out and leave the town , heading back towards the bridge and the long , snaking lines of refugees . an ambulance passes us , trying to force its way through the crowds . the swell of people fleeing has grown considerably in the last hours -- not surprising given essawi 's dire assessment and warning . `` ramadi is under siege from all sides , '' he 'd told us earlier , anger mixed with an air of resignation . `` i consider the city to have fallen . '' he claimed that 150,000 have fled , scoffing at statements from iraqi officials in baghdad that reinforcements have been sent to ramadi . he has yet to see them .