( cnn ) twenty years ago , on april 19 , 1995 , timothy mcveigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the murrah federal building in oklahoma city . the attack killed 168 men , women and children , injured hundreds more , and remains the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in u.s. history . the attack 's aftermath saw a storm of media coverage with themes such as `` attack on the heartland '' and america 's `` lost innocence . '' in fact , the bombing took the country by surprise . it was n't simply the scale of the tragedy that drew attention , but the fact that the bombing exposed something new : american citizens targeting their own government with a deadliness hitherto unseen . the public became aware of the true danger of the extreme right . reports connected mcveigh and his accomplice terry nichols to anti-government ideology movements , such as the militia movement , as well as to white supremacist causes . law enforcement also played catchup . the federal bureau of investigation 's 1994 annual report on terrorism had given short shrift to the extreme right . its coverage of domestic terrorism focused on the activities of puerto rican radicals and animal rights and environmental extremists . in contrast , the report spent only a paragraph describing the threat from right-wing extremists . it ignored the rapidly growing militia and sovereign citizen movements , and made no reference to events in idaho and texas . in late 1992 , at ruby ridge , idaho , a standoff between u.s . marshals and randy weaver 's family resulted in the death of a marshal , a young boy and the boy 's unarmed mother . and in 1993 , federal agents launched an ill-conceived raid on property near waco , texas , belonging to the branch davidians sect , leading to a bloody shootout and a 51-day standoff , which ended in the death of almost all the davidians , including a number of children . these incidents infuriated the entire extreme right , which saw them as deliberate attempts by the government to kill american citizens . after oklahoma city , everything changed . the fbi shifted its priorities , hiring new agents and reassigning staff to work on domestic terrorism cases . it significantly expanded the number of joint terrorism task forces and went to congress with a lengthy `` want '' list . the effort actually paid off . increased scrutiny of right-wing extremists resulted in a flurry of arrests for everything from terrorist plots to hate crimes . though it had paid a high price to do so , it seemed that the united states had recognized the dangers that right-wing extremists posed . however , just six years after the oklahoma city bombing , an event occurred that pushed to the background those lessons so dearly won . the september 11 , 2001 , terror attacks -- attacks of a scale and ferocity that dwarfed even that of the oklahoma city bombing -- commanded the full attention of the nation . the government , law enforcement , the news media and the public all rushed to grapple with the issue of islamic extremism . unfortunately , rather than expanding national attention to encompass the dangers of both radical islam and right-wing extremism , the 9/11 attacks simply shifted attention away from the extreme right . certainly , the 9/11 attacks warranted great attention . they made starkly clear the threat that international radical islamist groups posed to the united states . moreover , the surge of right-wing extremism that marked the 1990s had seemingly ebbed . thus it is no real surprise that concern over right-wing violence faded into the background . the significance of the oklahoma city bombing , in terms of its service as a warning about right-wing violence , became greatly lessened . this is a lesson that americans must now recall and recover . radical islam , whether abroad or homegrown , represents a serious threat to the safety and security of americans . but right-wing extremism did not disappear after september 11 . its history since the oklahoma city bombing has consisted of a steady stream of plots , conspiracies , terrorist acts , and hate crimes . it , too , represents a serious threat . in fact , in recent years , violence from the extreme right has again surged—and at levels reminiscent of the dark days of the 1990s . from 1995 through 2000 , according to statistics from the anti-defamation league 's center on extremism , right-wing extremists were responsible for at least 47 different terrorist acts , conspiracies or plots . however , during the past six years , from 2009 through 2014 , right-wing extremists in the u.s. were involved in at least 42 actual or attempted terrorist acts . in other words , right-wing violence today is actually at or very close to levels during the days of the oklahoma city bombing . these statistics illustrate that `` homegrown violent extremism '' is not limited to extremism motivated by radical islam . the anger and hate that generated the oklahoma city bombing in 1995 is still around in 2015—and still dangerous . the 20th anniversary of the oklahoma city bombing provides a new opportunity for us to ensure that its significance does not disappear from the public eye . what the tragedies of 1995 and 2001 together teach is that the united states faces threats from multiple sources of extremism , all of which must be taken seriously . consequently , americans must have the wisdom to respond effectively and intelligently to ideological violence stemming from all sources . that would be the most positive way to pay homage to the victims of april 19 , 1995 .