( cnn ) a video shoot in nepal for an internet comedy series took a serious turn on saturday as the earth began rumbling . the nepali pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series when the magnitude-7.8 earthquake broke out . the team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets , surveying destruction to homes and historic sites and capturing scenes of heroism and chaos . the nepali pranksters ' videos show people 's reactions to various `` pranks '' that challenge cultural norms . one video shows the pranksters walking up to strangers and taking their hands for a long , awkward , handshake ; another shows them complimenting men and women on their clothes and appearance , with mixed results . for their next prank based on nepal 's ban on plastic bags , ashish prasai and akash sedai were in jawalakhel , sedai said in an email to cnn . the town , in lalitpur district , is home to nepal 's famed central zoo . the camera was rolling when they felt the ground shaking around 11:55 a.m. , sedai said . people started screaming and crying and vehicles came to a standstill as a building collapsed in the background . but earthquakes are a fact of life in nepal , and `` we were still thinking it was a just a simple earthquake , '' sedai said . they kept the camera rolling for 18 minutes as they traversed the streets full of crying and shouting people . they found homes destroyed , where people were pulling survivors out from piles of rubble . they stopped and talked to motorists , urging them to keep the streets clear for emergency vehicles , sedai said . they continued filming as they made their way to to the historic dharahara tower and basantapur durbar square , a unesco world heritage site , where people crawled among the ruins . by then , they realized their country was in a `` very bad condition , '' sedai said . the nepali pranksters made it through the first day of the earthquake , as did their families , sedai said . but with aftershocks and crumbling infrastructure still posing threats , safety is a temporary state of mind right now in nepal . `` we are scared . ... earthquakes waves are occurring now , '' he said . `` hope we will be alive and the problem will get solved soon . ''