( cnn ) a couple in their 20s , who led a youth ministry , and their baby boy were driving underneath a highway overpass in bonney lake , a seattle suburb , when other motorists heard the crackle of a pending collapse . concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family 's car , killing josh and vanessa ellis and their 8-month-old son , hudson , authorities said . `` the damage was so severe it was impossible to tell how many victims were in the vehicle . the only thing we had was we could tell there was one victim , '' said officer todd green of bonney lake police department , according to cnn affiliate komo . it took nine hours monday for crews to remove enough debris to discover the death toll on angeline road underneath state route 410 , authorities said . authorities continued their investigation tuesday , but initial findings were that there was an ongoing construction project on the highway and a side jersey barrier `` came loose and fell onto the roadway , '' green told the station . `` when it fell off the overpass , it landed square on the roof of the vehicle , '' green added . josh and vanessa ellis were youth pastors at the eastpointe foursquare church in puyallup , near bonney lake , the church said . the couple earlier wrote a short autobiography on the church website : `` we love to laugh . we are passionate about seeing young people discover the love and grace that jesus abundantly pours out on them . `` we get really excited about good coffee , quality time with friends and seattle welcoming an nba basketball team back to our city , '' the couple wrote . `` we love drive-in movies , frozen yogurt , dates to ikea and trips to the beach . '' lead pastor james ludlow said his church was reeling . `` we are stunned ! shocked ! wounded , broken and dismayed . but we know one thing for sure ... they are in glory in the loving arms of our king jesus ! '' ludlow said on the church 's facebook page . motorist dawn nelson was driving behind the ellis ' vehicle . `` i was just a second or two behind him , '' nelson told komo . `` i could hear the three crunch sounds and then it just came down . '' neighbors recounted a violent collapse . `` i thought a semi had come down the guardrail here in front , '' neighbor katie vance told the station . she felt the crash inside her home . `` it was a metal sound and a very heavy sound ... it was through your feet - like a guttural . it shook the whole house , '' she told the affiliate . cnn 's amanda watts contributed to this story .