melbourne , australia ( cnn ) a man stands on a beach in a distant land . waves lap his ankles . he wades through the gentle dawn light , arms outstretched , his head held high . he is fully dressed ; not a tourist but a freedom fighter . a photograph of this man , beamed around the world , becomes a universal symbol of the struggle against tyranny and the sweet triumph of liberty . it is 2015 . the man is peter greste . if you thought the man might have been an anzac on the shores of gallipoli , such is the power of persuasion . it 's easy to lead a horse to water when , in the centenary year of the gallipoli campaign , our nation is at saturation point with battlefield remembrance . the sum total of television programming , beer advertising , political grandstanding and opportunistic marketing suggests that the historical legacy of australia 's involvement in the first world war boils down to a simple equation : young ( white ) man plus distant beach equals sacrifice . there is nothing intrinsically wrong with military commemoration that honors the dead . last weekend i planted gallipoli rosemary in my backyard ; part of the proceeds go to the avenues of honour , a national project to preserve and restore australia 's living memorials . more objectionable is the fact that war remembrance is played like it is a zero sum game . to widen the scope of historical tribute , and also recall the words and deeds of the australian men and women who fought against the prescribed route of militaristic sentiment , is to risk being branded disrespectful and divisive . but the unassailable fact is that the first world war ripped australia asunder . even at the time , the great war itself was divisive , a historical reality belied by today 's bland , blanket coverage of `` the anzac spirit '' . australia 's participation in the war was contested from the outset . on august 11 , 1914 , veteran political campaigner vida goldstein wrote in her woman voter newspaper : `` it is a fearful reflection on 2,000 years of christianity that men have rushed into war before using every combined effort to prevent this appalling conflict . '' as she had done 20 years earlier in mobilizing forces around the issue of female suffrage , goldstein rallied her own army of foot soldiers with fighting words . `` the time has come for women to show that they , as givers of life , refuse to give their sons as material for slaughter . '' australian and new zealand women had a unique advantage in shaping public debate : the vote . `` the enfranchised women of australia are political units in the british empire , '' goldstein argued , `` and they ought to lead the world in sane methods of dealing with these conflicts . '' goldstein 's early entreaties failed to bite with the general populace . under the newly legislated war precautions act , the woman voter suffered censorship , leading goldstein and her women 's peace army to fight on multiple fronts : `` we are fighting for civil liberty and against military despotism . '' around the nation , trade unionists opposed to `` the capitalist war '' joined the movement . australia had the only entirely voluntary military service among the allied forces ; less than 40 % of eligible men signed up to fight `` for king and country . '' as the carnage at gallipoli brought home the realities of war , recruitment fell and peace activism became more widespread . general strikes halted industry , as workers reacted to the food shortages , unemployment and rising poverty that threatened the social accord of `` the working man 's paradise . '' with enlistments falling away in 1916 , prime minister billy hughes pushed for conscription and pushed through the unlawful associations act . groups that voiced opposition to the war , like the international workers of the world , were banned and dissidents were jailed for publishing material `` likely to cause disaffection or alarm '' . when waterfront workers and coal miners went on strike , the war precautions act was invoked to send them back to work . in september 1916 , the sydney twelve were arrested and tried for treason . `` fifteen years for 15 words '' was how one of the prisoners described his crime and punishment . the conscription referendums of october 28 , 1916 , and december 20 , 1917 , became a massive rallying point for people who opposed the war — or the federal government 's domestic policies . there were diverse reasons for that opposition , including the anti-british sentiments of irish catholic australians . in melbourne , the meeting place for such public debate was yarra bank , a pocket of land nestled between what today is birrarung marr and the rod laver arena . anti-conscription demonstrations saw up to 100,000 people gather on the dusty banks of dirty brown yarra river . most protest meetings were peaceful , but one became infamously violent . `` riotous scenes at yarra bank '' , headlines around the nation proclaimed , when a demonstration organized by the women 's peace army in the week before the 1916 referendum turned nasty and returned servicemen began to attack female speakers . both conscription referendums ultimately failed . the australian dictionary of biography contains profiles of 174 anti-conscriptionists , many of whom went to jail , including vida goldstein 's compatriots adela pankhurst and jennie baines . baines was imprisoned for refusing to pay the fine she was issued for flying a red flag at yarra bank in 1918 . she is reputedly the first australian prisoner to go on a hunger strike . other protesters were deported . as historian janet butler reminds us : `` it does take a special kind of bravery to stand against the tide . '' the enduring legacies of the first world war emanate beyond the battlefields of gallipoli , manifested not only in the `` shattered anzacs '' whose families bore the burden of care , but also in the class and sectarian divisions that shaped australia 's social and political relations in the 20th century . lest we also forget that the democratic freedoms we hold dear today -- freedom of the press , freedom of assembly , freedom of speech — were won in battles fought on home soil by courageous women and men who sacrificed much , but are still accorded little recognition . perhaps , by the 125th anniversary of the gallipoli campaign , when we again celebrate our national liberation narratives , we will come to associate riverbanks , as well as beaches , with the potent ebb and flow of freedom . copyright 2015 the conversation . some rights reserved .