beijing ( cnn ) china 's state prosecutors on friday formally charged the country 's former security czar with accepting bribes , making him the highest-ranking chinese communist party official ever to face corruption charges . zhou yongkang , 72 , was also charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets , the supreme people 's procuratorate , the highest prosecution authority in china , said . as a member of the ruling communist party 's politburo standing committee -- china 's top decision-making body -- zhou was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people . he retired in 2012 . at the height of his power , zhou controlled police forces , spy agencies , court systems as well as prosecution offices across china -- and was n't shy in deploying his vast assets to crush dissent and unrest in the name of `` preserving social stability . '' now , prosecutors have accused zhou of `` taking advantage of his posts to seek benefits for others and illegally accepting huge amounts of money '' during his long political career . his alleged actions have caused heavy losses to public assets and greatly harmed national interests , they added . zhou was notified of his legal rights during the investigation and his lawyer 's views were heard , according to a statement by the prosecutors . his case will be tried in tianjin , a city near the chinese capital , beijing . the president of china 's supreme court recently told reporters there would be `` open '' trials for accused former leaders like zhou . however , the charge of leaking state secrets may allow authorities to shield certain legal proceedings from public view in zhou 's case . zhou has not been seen in public since he attended an anniversary event at his alma mater in october 2013 . he was expelled from the communist party and arrested last december . state media have painted an intricate web of officials , cronies and tycoons -- some with alleged mafia connections -- orbiting around zhou before the crumbling of his power structure last summer . zhou and his family members were said to have accumulated enormous wealth , in a blatant exchange between money and power . he was also found to have affairs with multiple women and allegedly traded power for sex , state-run xinhua news agency reported last year . analysts have viewed his shocking downfall as a watershed moment in the secretive world of chinese politics , now ruled by president xi jinping . xi has been spearheading a massive anti-corruption campaign , targeting both `` tigers '' and `` flies '' -- high-ranking , and low-level , officials . zhou is by far the biggest tiger caught in xi 's dragnet to date . `` the important thing here is that xi has proven he 's powerful enough to break this taboo of never incriminating former politburo standing committee members , '' longtime political analyst willy lam , a professor at the chinese university of hong kong , said last year , when the government revealed its formal investigation into zhou . many observers also note zhou 's patronage of bo xilai , a former communist leader sentenced to life in prison for corruption in 2013 . bo 's spectacular downfall the year before -- complete with tales of murder , bribery and betrayal -- attracted global attention . state media have cited his subsequent conviction as a prime example of xi 's resolve to clean up the party . the former chongqing communist party chief 's supporters , however , have long called him a political victim -- the former high-flying politician was once considered xi 's main challenger for the top spot of chinese leadership . political watchers see similarities between the bo and zhou cases . `` the people being investigated for corruption are on the losing side of factional struggles , '' said lam , who has predicted a suspended death sentence for zhou .