( cnn ) to allay possible concerns , boston prosecutors released video friday of the shooting of a police officer last month that resulted in the killing of the gunman . the officer wounded , john moynihan , is white . angelo west , the gunman shot to death by officers , was black . after the shooting , community leaders in the predominantly african-american neighborhood of roxbury , where the shooting occurred , were quick to call for calm . one said the officers were forced to return fire . still , they were glad to see the video released for the sake of transparency . `` i think people understand that the decisions mr. west made put his life in grave jeopardy , '' clergyman mark v. scott told cnn affiliate wcvb . west had several prior gun convictions , police said . moynihan is a former u.s. army ranger who was honored at the white house for his heroism in the wake of the boston marathon bombing . the `` top cop '' helped save a transit officer wounded in a gunbattle with the bombers . last month , he became a gunshot victim when he and other officers in unmarked cars , but with blue lights flashing , stopped the car west was driving . when moynihan opened the driver's-side door , the video shows , west sprang out and fired a shot with a pistol at the officer 's face . as west ran away , he fired back at the other officers with his .357 magnum handgun , police said . they returned fire and killed him . moynihan , 34 , survived with a bullet wound under one eye . he was placed in a medically induced coma at a boston hospital . on saturday , moynihan was released from the hospital . `` his condition is best described as serious but improving , '' boston police said in a statement . `` in the days after the shooting , john and his family have been strengthened , humbled and inspired by the outpouring of love and support they 've received -- not only from his closest friends and fellow officers -- but also from concerned citizens and strangers from all over the country wishing him a full and speedy recovery . '' a woman who was driving by at the time of the shooting suffered a flesh wound in the right arm . she was not identified . two passengers in the car were arrested on unrelated charges involving an outstanding warrant and a probation violation . `` none of our officers like to use their firearms , '' police commissioner william evans said at the time . `` it 's probably the worst thing we have to do in our profession , but here , clearly unprovoked , one of our officers is shot point-blank in the face . '' in april 2013 , moynihan was among officers who helped save transit officer richard h. donohue jr. , who was shot during a gunfight involving tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev in the days after the marathon bombings . in the battle , police fired nearly 300 rounds within five to 10 minutes . moynihan and other massachusetts officers were cited for their `` heroic and relentless '' life-saving measures on donohue , who nearly lost his entire blood volume on the watertown street . at a white house ceremony in may , president barack obama honored moynihan and 52 other officers as `` america 's top cops . '' after moynihan was wounded and west killed , police and and local leaders sought to allay community concerns at a time when officer-involved shootings have led to protests throughout the nation . scott , of the black ministerial alliance of greater boston , said moynihan was shot `` assassination-style . '' he called for calm in roxbury . `` this is not about ' black lives matter , ' `` he said , referring to a protest movement that emerged after the shootings . `` it 's about ' all lives in the community matter , ' and it 's about the police ... responding to a concern from the community . '' cnn 's ann o'neill contributed to this report .