( cnn ) just over a month ago , kamron taylor sat in an illinois courtroom to hear a jury convict him of murder . early wednesday morning , taylor sat in an illinois jail . hiding outside his cell . ready to pounce . when he did , his victim was a correctional officer making his rounds , according to kankakee county sheriff timothy bukowski . taylor beat up the guard , put on his uniform and took his keys . he then walked out of the jail 's door and into the officer 's brown 2012 chevrolet equinox suv . where the 23-year-old , who was set to be sentenced in may , is now is anybody 's guess . the equinox was discovered around 8:30 a.m. ( 9:30 a.m . et ) in kankakee , but without any sign of the convicted murderer who drove it . looking for taylor is job no . 1 for authorities . no . 2 is figuring out how he managed to first get out of his cell , then get out of the jerome combs detention center and on the lam . `` the question for us is where did ( the county correctional system ) break down , '' bukowski said . `` it looks right now ( like ) somebody did n't do their job properly . '' what authorities do know is based on video , other evidence and interviews with witnesses -- namely other inmates at the kankakee jail . what they do n't know is how taylor got out of his two-man cell , when he should have been locked down . but somehow he did , and hid . `` and then when the opportunity arose , he attacked the officer , '' bukowski said , noting that taylor `` attacked from the side '' around 3 a.m. `` beat him , choked him . '' he then apparently disrobed the guard , a military veteran and 10-year employee of the corrections department . the guard was left on the jail floor , going in and out of consciousness , for about 35 minutes before authorities -- concerned because the guard had n't responded to calls -- found him , the sheriff said . `` they then called the ambulance and we were notified and put out an alert , '' added bukowski . by then , taylor was gone . he 'd pushed a button to notify `` master control '' that he wanted to leave , which means his identity would have been checked by camera . `` we think that because he had the officer 's uniform on , '' the sheriff explained , `` that 's how he was able to effectively escape . '' taylor walked out the door and into the detention center 's parking lot , where , authorities said , he clicked the correctional officer 's key fob to find the chevy equinox . that officer is now in an intensive care unit at st. mary 's hospital in kankakee , bukowski said . the manhunt , meanwhile , continues for taylor . he has a history of trouble with the law that predates his murder conviction , including an august 2009 sentence of five years , 10 months in tennessee for robbery and resisting arrest . taylor was on parole for that crime when he killed a man during a june 2013 botched robbery . a jury convicted him of murder in that incident in late february . after the verdict was read , taylor sat down , looked back , then got up and ran , according to the daily journal in kankakee . bailiffs and sheriff 's deputies wrestled him to the ground , eventually leading him out of the courtroom as he cursed . now a $ 5,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his arrest . the fact that he tried to get away once before and has been involved in fights `` raises an alert , i guess , '' the kankakee county sheriff said . `` but we figure that the people who are locked up in our facility are n't altar boys , and we take certain precautions for all of them , '' bukowski added . `` and you ca n't become complacent with anybody , especially murderers . '' cnn 's john newsome contributed to this report .