( cnn ) greenpeace activists have climbed aboard a shell oil rig to protest the company 's plans to drill in the arctic near alaska . the six protesters used ropes and harnesses monday to scale the huge platform in the pacific ocean , tweeting images of their daunting climb as they went . `` we made it ! we 're on shell 's platform . and we 're not alone , '' wrote aliyah field , an american activist taking part in the protest . `` everyone can help turn this into a platform for people power ! '' the rig , the polar pioneer , is on its way to the arctic via seattle . the environmental activists caught up with it about 750 miles northwest of hawaii , greenpeace said . they plan to occupy the underside of the rig 's main deck and say they have enough supplies to stay there for several days . shell did n't immediately respond to cnn 's request for comment late monday . but company spokeswoman kelly op de weegh told agence france-presse that the boarding was illegal and jeopardized the safety of the activists and the crew . greenpeace is furious over a decision last week by u.s. authorities to lift the suspensions on leases to drill for oil and gas in the chukchi sea , which lies between northern alaska and russia . shell and several other oil companies bought exploration leases for the sea in 2008 . the u.s. government 's decision `` means that in 100 days , shell could begin drilling in the alaskan arctic , '' greenpeace said . federal agencies still have to review and approve companies ' plans before exploratory drilling can start . shell 's work in the arctic has suffered some setbacks in the past , including a drilling barge that ran aground off southern alaska on december 31 , 2012 . greenpeace has repeatedly used the occupation of drilling-related vessels to bring attention to its cause . one group of its activists was detained for months by russian authorities in 2013 . in the current episode , the activists pursued the polar pioneer , which shell is leasing from transocean , as it traveled thousands of miles aboard a transport vessel from malaysia , greenpeace said . besides the american protester field , the activists come from australia , austria , germany , new zealand and sweden . the u.s. coast guard was n't immediately available for comment late monday on the incident . cnn 's dave alsup contributed to this report .