( cnn ) even in the horror of syria 's civil war , there are few places that showcase the scale of the destruction -- and the senselessness of the loss of life -- more than the yarmouk camp on the outskirts of damascus . set up as a refugee camp for palestinians in the 1950s , it slowly evolved into a neighborhood over the years , but since 2012 it has been engulfed in the syrian conflict . two weeks ago isis fighters stormed yarmouk , and that made life for those still inside even worse than it was before . the syrian government responded by unleashing a bombing and shelling campaign on the area , residents told cnn , including barrel bombs that flattened many of the buildings already scarred by the three-year-long conflict . death comes day and night . `` i looked up and saw dust , '' one resident said . `` i opened the door and started walking outside and started shouting to the neighbors . one told me ' i am wounded , ' another one did n't answer me at all . that second one -- may god have mercy on his soul -- he was martyred . '' while the battle for yarmouk is very typical of syria 's civil war , the conflict here is unique . most of those fighting on all sides are palestinians . pro-government factions besiege the area from the outside , cutting off supplies and aid most of the time . the inside is held by anti-regime groups , some of which are islamists . the situation in yarmouk was thrust in to the headlines on april 1 when isis fighters stormed the rebel-held area and unleashed a campaign of violence and killings . since then , a local activist tells cnn , isis has withdrawn to another area and left the al qaedalinked group jabhat al-nusra in charge of the district . ' the deepest circle of hell ' : terrified yarmouk residents describe isis raid . but this is only the most recent in a deadly urban war that is slowly grinding down yarmouk 's buildings and people . of the more than 100,000 that used to live there , only about 18,000 remain , according to unrwa , the u.n. agency tasked with aiding palestinians . i have been to yarmouk on various occasions , and the picture has always been the same . pro-government factions surrounded the area and there was house-to house combat , mostly at night . a lot of destruction , very little territorial gain for either side , all of it taking a horrifying toll on the civilians trapped in the middle . `` we have no food or water , '' one resident said , standing amid the ruins of yarmouk 's houses . `` they should open a route so we can eat and drink and they can deliver assistance and food . we have nothing . what can we do ? '' but international aid groups can do very little . there are few occasions where aid is allowed into yarmouk , or where civilians are allowed out . unrwa can only care for those who do manage to escape . u.n. official to visit besieged refugee camp . the agency , along with the syrian arab red crescent , runs several shelters for displaced people in government-controlled areas near the camp . pierre krahenbuhl , the commissioner general for unrwa , recently visited some of them and acknowledged that far too little help was reaching those who need it most . `` we have to call on the world and call on all the actors in the world who can influence the situation to mobilize , '' krahenbuhl said . `` but much more has to be done to respect the civilians and to make sure that they are safe inside the camp . '' but of course those still inside are by no means safe -- subjected to shelling , bombing and street combat on top of being thirsty , hungry and in need of medication . but one thing that has not been broken is the residents ' self-respect and pride . `` this is yarmouk camp and we are not leaving our homes , '' one man said . `` whatever happens , if they keep hitting us with barrel bombs we will die . '' an elderly woman recalled her life as a palestinian refugee . `` i fled palestine when i was seven years old , '' she said . `` but i will not leave the yarmouk camp even if i am 75 or 76 years old . yarmouk camp is equal to my soul . i built it with my bare hands . i carried its stones on my head from a village and laid the foundation to my home . block by block i carried them on my head . '' but despite their defiance , there 's seemingly nothing that can be done to prevent yarmouk from being reduced to rubble . this is a war of attrition , two sides fighting for inches in tough combat without seeing that they are wrecking the prize they claim to be fighting for . desperation for palestinians trapped in syrian refugee camp .