( cnn ) more than 300 suspects have been arrested in south africa in connection with deadly attacks on foreigners that have forced thousands to flee , the government said sunday . `` we once again unequivocally condemn the maiming and killing of our brothers and sisters from other parts of the continent , '' the government said . `` no amount of frustration or anger can justify these attacks and looting of shops . '' thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in durban . the attacks in durban killed two immigrants and three south africans , including a 14-year-old boy , authorities said . heavily armed police have scrambled to stop clashes after local residents accused immigrants from other african nations of taking their jobs . the government praised law enforcement agencies for stopping further bloodshed in durban . `` we believe that their commitment to duty has prevented injuries and even deaths that could have happened if they security forces had not acted , '' it said . the xenophobic sentiment is certainly not representative of all south africans . `` there has been an outpouring of support from ordinary south africans who are disgusted with the attacks not only because they are foreign , or african , but because they are fellow human beings , '' said gift of the givers charity , which is helping those seeking refuge . the charity said last week that about 8,500 people had fled to refugee centers or police stations because of the violence . south africa 's government implored citizens to remember the country 's history of overcoming challenges with the support of african neighbors . `` during the apartheid many south africans fled persecution and death at the hands of the apartheid government , '' it said in its statement . `` africa opened its doors and became a home away from home for many south africans . '' president jacob zuma has canceled a trip to indonesia and visited displaced foreign nationals in chatsworth to express his support , the government said . the gift of the givers charity assured immigrants that it has a facility in johannesburg to help those who might need shelter there . `` we have tents and all essential supplies on standby but pray that sanity prevails and this does not become necessary , '' it said . in the past , johannesburg has been the epicenter of anti-immigrant tensions . in 2008 , scores were killed in attacks in the poorest areas of johannesburg . most of the victims were zimbabweans who had fled repression and dire economic circumstances . in that attack , police arrested more than 200 people for various crimes including rape , murder , robbery and theft . cnn 's larry register contributed to this report .