( cnn ) isis on wednesday released more than 200 yazidis , a minority group whose members were killed , captured and displaced when the islamist terror organization overtook their towns in northern iraq last summer , officials said . most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly , said rassol omar , a commander in the peshmerga force that defends northern iraq 's semi-autonomous kurdish region . omar did n't say what led to the release , other than asserting that arab tribal leaders helped to coordinate it . the freed yazidis were received by peshmerga , who sent them to the kurdish regional capital , irbil , said nuri osman , an official with iraq 's kurdistan regional government . it was n't immediately clear what motivated wednesday 's release , osman said . osman said 217 yazidis were released . omar , the peshmerga commander , had a higher count : 228 . isis previously released scores of other yazidis -- largely children and the elderly -- since attacking the group 's towns last year . the sunni islamist militant group steamrolled into iraq 's north last summer , forcing hundreds of thousands of minorities -- yazidis among them -- from their homes . yazidis are of kurdish descent , and their religion is considered a pre-islamic sect that draws from christianity , judaism and zoroastrianism . one of the oldest religious communities in the world , the yazidis have long suffered persecution , with many muslims referring to them as devil worshipers . isis ' cruelty to them has been extraordinary . isis ' conquest of the town of sinjar , in particular , provoked a major humanitarian crisis as some yazidis fled into the mountains -- where many became trapped for a time without food and water -- and others fled by foot into neighboring syria . isis slaughtered yazidis by the hundreds , yian dakhil , the only lawmaker representing the yazidis in iraq 's parliament , told cnn last year . reports emerged from some yazidi survivors that isis raped and enslaved female yazidi captives . an international coalition responded , first by airdropping supplies in the mountains . rescues came next . and then , starting in august , the united states and other nations conducted airstrikes targeting isis in iraq and syria . the u.s. state department estimates that 500,000 yazidis live in northern iraq , accounting for less than 1 % of the country 's population . cnn 's raja razek reported from beirut . cnn 's jason hanna wrote from atlanta . cnn 's hamdi alkshali , faith karimi and yousuf basil contributed to this report .