( cnn ) when melissa atkins wardy , author of `` redefining girly '' and a passionate advocate for fighting gender stereotypes , heard from a frustrated mom on facebook , she knew she needed to do something . so she shared the mom 's story . in a blog post , wardy told how the mom , veronica of richland , washington , wanted to buy `` big hero 6 '' fabric to make pillows for her two children . the problem ? the fabric did n't include two of the heroes from the movie : the female characters , honey lemon and gogo . so veronica decided to send an email to springs creative , the company that makes the fabric , saying that as a woman and an engineer , she was offended . she got an answer from the company but it did n't help . girl empowerment ads like goldieblox : do they work ? a licensing manager for springs creative responded that the company has found that boys do n't want girl characters on their things . `` eeeww girls ! yuck ! haha , '' the licensing manager wrote . it will come as no surprise that veronica was none too pleased to receive that response . `` i was frustrated and disgusted that a manager , and a female manager too , would laugh off my initial contact with the company . it was unprofessional . so i responded , '' veronica told cnn . she asked that we not use her last name , in order to maintain her privacy . in an email back to the company , veronica wrote , `` by eliminating the women in your fabric design , you are telling boys that it 's ok to think girls are yucky , unworthy and less than a boy . `` you are also telling girls they are unworthy , unwanted and that it 's un-cool to be smart and confident . '' what happened next shows that parents , aided by social media outrage , may have more leverage to combat gender stereotyping in our culture than they realize . and the `` big hero 6 '' example -- along with a similar recent one involving toms , the shoes retailer -- suggests that manufacturers may be finally getting it , too . first , the rest of the story about springs creative and the `` big hero '' fabric : after sharing veronica 's story with her readers and her 6,700 twitter followers , wardy encouraged people to give springs creative a piece of their mind . she also invited them to tweet their own stories with the hashtag # includethegirls . women responded in droves , pointing out how black widow , the female character in the popular `` avengers '' superhero movie franchise , is often excluded from merchandise and how cereal boxes rarely include female characters . `` this sends the direct message to both boys and girls that females are forgettable , unimportant , undesirable . what a horrible thing to teach our children ! '' said wardy , who is also the founder and chief executive officer of pigtail pals & ballcap buddies , a company that makes empowering clothing for boys and girls . `` the prevailing theory is , 1. boys are the default audience , and 2. boys wo n't want an item with a girl on it , '' wardy said . `` yet , i talk with thousands of parents every week who say otherwise . '' why trying to make our kids happy can backfire . those parents are clearly making their voices heard . because not too long after veronica received her initial response from springs creative , wardy said she got a call from the company , asking her to post a statement from springs creative on her site . `` it is sometimes difficult to hear negative feedback but the message was clear and we intend to act upon your message , '' the statement read . `` most importantly , springs creative does not condone sexism in any shape or form and does not design products to shine a negative light on females or males . '' the company said it would be talking with disney `` immediately '' about additional designs for `` big hero 6 '' that would incorporate all the characters . `` we would never intentionally offend any segment of the population . we are a strong company with positive morals and values and we respect and see both genders equally , '' said the statement . springs creative told cnn it would have no further comment . veronica said she was surprised the company responded so quickly . `` i do not believe this would have happened without the pigtail pals and ballcap buddies community also raising their voices . '' the real march madness : when will women 's teams get equal buzz ? around the same time , wardy heard from another follower about an issue with toms and wrote about it on her site . on the normally progressive retailer 's web landing page for kids were photos that some parents felt played into gender stereotypes . one photo suggested `` playtime approved '' shoes for boys , and the other , this one on a pink background , included the caption `` little ladies : adorn their feet for spring . '' `` really , toms ? girls are not ornaments we adorn . girls play , too ! '' wardy wrote on her facebook page . two hours later , wardy received a comment from toms on her facebook page , saying that the company completely agrees and that the wording has been changed to now say `` new arrivals for kids . '' `` we 're really grateful whenever our community brings something like this to our attention , '' said doug piwinski , senior vice president , global marketing and communications for toms . `` perhaps as much or more than any other brand , i mean we really listen to our customers in our community . '' so , here 's my question : are the two speedy responses from companies after women spoke out on social media more a sign that companies are truly getting it about gender stereotypes and girl and boy empowerment , or more a sign of the power of parents ? or are they a mixture of both ? how to super bowl # likeagirl . wardy said there 's no doubt that companies are in business to protect their bottom line , and that will always be a motivator . but she said these back-to-back incidents show what can happen when parents make it clear they wo n't buy products from companies that sell gender stereotypes . `` ' be not silent ' is my mantra . speak up ! '' wardy said . `` the success with springs creative and toms and other wins we 've had in the past is an example of the power of parents ( moms and dads ) and children 's advocates aggregating their voices to say , ' enough is enough . ' `` veronica said it 's a sign of the power of parents becoming `` more aware , reactive and using social media to make their voices heard by companies that market to children . '' she added , `` one voice can be dismissed ; the hailstorm of voices collectively can not be ignored so easily . '' it is clear , from these two examples , that parents using their voices online and with their wallets can encourage companies to change . there 's no question that raising awareness about stereotypes helps , said wardy . `` if companies are n't paying attention by now , they most certainly should be . '' pink , princess-y and sexy too soon . do you think more companies are getting the message to include girl characters on merchandise ? share your thoughts with kelly wallace on twitter or cnn living on facebook .