tikrit , iraq ( cnn ) isis is gone , but the fear remains . as iraqi forces , aided by shiite militiamen , took control wednesday of the northern city of tikrit , they found vehicles laden with explosives and buildings that might be booby-trapped . cnn senior international correspondent arwa damon , who was in tikrit on tuesday , saw a large mechanical digger packed with explosives that iraqi forces had to disarm . the troops , she said , were cautious when they entered buildings in case they were wired to explode . plumes of smoke rose from burning buildings in the background . near former iraqi dictator saddam hussein 's presidential palaces compound -- tikrit is hussein 's birthplace -- the cnn team also saw a destroyed truck with a large machine gun mounted on the back . iraqi forces said they had fired an rpg at the truck , killing three isis fighters . isis was ejected from the palaces compound in fierce fighting , they said , adding that there may still be booby traps . federal police said they dismantled hundreds of ieds ( improvised explosive devices ) wednesday . cnn heard at least 16 explosions , some very loud , which police said were controlled . the potential booby traps were political as well as physical . officials are concerned about the behavior of the conquerors , particularly the iranian-backed shiite militiamen who helped iraqi troops . officials fear the militiamen might take `` scorched earth '' reprisals for the reported massacre of shiite air force cadets by isis fighters in tikrit last year . much of the population of tikrit is , like isis , sunni muslim . and officials fear that reprisals by shiite militias against the sunni population could stoke local anger , jeopardizing the government 's ability to hold onto tikrit and pull the country together . sectarian resentment helped fuel the rise of isis in the first place . ' where are our sons ? ' demand families of soldiers captured by isis . still , the liberation of tikrit from the terrorist group , which is also known as isil and calls itself the islamic state , represented a significant victory for the iraqi government , which had tried -- and failed -- to retake the city many times before . iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi arrived wednesday to claim the victory , which took place a year after the city was first attacked by isis . al-abadi , who is also iraq 's top military commander , had announced the previous evening on iraqiya tv that the city was under the control of iraqi forces . iraqi forces continued to clean out pockets of resistance wednesday , said interior minister mohammed al-ghabban , who was also in the city . but he said the iraqi government would be in full control shortly . `` the enemy has been defeated , and it has lost all its capabilities , '' al-ghabban said . `` in the coming hours , the battle will end . '' iraqi security said that the few isis militants left in the city are hiding inside houses hoping to escape in the dark . isis ' nine-month dominion over tikrit was marked by brutality . in addition to the reported massacre of the 1,500-plus air force cadets at camp speicher in june , isis is believed to have buried victims in mass graves and to have destroyed an assyrian church that had graced tikrit since the eighth century . the push into tikrit came days after u.s.-led airstrikes targeted isis bases around the city . al-abadi said those tactics would now be replicated in other areas . brett mcgurk , the u.s. deputy special presidential envoy to the global coalition to counter isil , tweeted that the coalition 's airstrikes had destroyed numerous isis shelters . `` we will continue to support courageous iraqi forces operating under iraqi command as they work to reclaim their territory from # isil , '' mcgurk tweeted . the key to victory in tikrit this time , the prime minister said , was surprise . but help from the coalition of shiite militiamen and volunteers also played a part . the militia members , estimated to number around 20,000 , are backed by iran . the offensive marked the first open participation of iranian advisers on the front lines in iraq . the victory in tikrit sets the stage for iraqi forces to take back an even bigger prize -- mosul , iraq 's second-largest city . a u.s. official said in february that up to 25,000 iraqi troops plan to return to mosul in april or may in an effort to retake the city . don melvin wrote this report in london . arwa damon and hamdi alkhshali reported from tikrit and jomana karadsheh from baghdad .