( cnn ) a popular chinese television host known for impromptu satire is now the subject of controversy after being caught on camera cursing the late chairman mao zedong . bi fujian , who works for state-run china central television , was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the communist party 's early years when he started going off script . `` the communist party , chairman mao . do n't mention that old son of a b***h. he made us suffer so bad , '' went bi 's improvised lyrics . the other dinner guests burst into laughter . bi later apologized . `` my personal speech has led to grave social consequences , and i feel remorseful for that . i hereby sincerely apologize to the public . as a public figure , i shall learn the lesson from this incident , adhering to strict self-discipline , '' he posted on weibo , china 's twitter-like social media platform . making disrespectful references to china 's leaders in public is considered a taboo in china , even today . and bi 's comment was directed at the man regarded by many as the country 's founding father -- despite his controversial reputation . the 75-second video clip , seemingly filmed on the cellphone of another dinner guest , was uploaded on monday . since then , it has been removed from video-sharing sites inside china , although it was still accessible on weibo . it 's unclear when the incident occurred , or what the relationsip was between the camera person and bi . cctv said it would investigate . `` as a cctv presenter , bi fujian 's speech in the online video has led to grave social consequences , '' the network said in a statement posted on its weibo account . cctv did not respond to a cnn request for comment . fondly known as `` grandpa bi , '' the 56-year-old tv personality was born and grew up in the mao era . the song bi riffed on was part of a `` red '' peking opera that was first performed in the late 1950s . it was popularized during the cultural revolution of the 1960s and 1970s -- which was launched by mao -- when china was torn apart by violence and social unrest . the video quickly divided china 's online community . critics said bi , as an influential public figure , deserved a harsh punishment . but others rushed to his defense , arguing that bi was simply enjoying himself in a private setting and was set up by whoever uploaded the clip . the video also emerged just a day before the new head of cctv started his job , leading some to wonder if it were a case of `` a new broom sweeps clean . '' mao still divides opinion in china . his giant portrait hangs on beijing 's tiananmen gate , and thousands flock to see his embalmed body at his mausoleum in tiananmen square in the heart of the chinese capital . but despite this reverence , mao 's is a deeply flawed legacy . many remember him as a brutal dictator who inspired fear , paranoia and famine , and whose actions resulted in tens of millions of deaths . cnn 's shen lu contributed to this report .