( cnn ) about a dozen native american actors have walked off the set of an adam sandler movie comedy , saying the satirical western 's script is insulting to native americans and women , according to a report . the walkout occurred wednesday on the set of `` the ridiculous six '' near las vegas , new mexico , according to the indian country today media network . the script called for native women 's names such as `` beaver 's breath '' and `` no bra '' and an actress portraying an apache woman to squat and urinate while smoking a peace pipe , ictmn reported . `` when i began doing this film , i had an uneasy feeling inside of me and i felt so conflicted . ... we talked to the producers about our concerns . they just told us , ' if you guys are so sensitive , you should leave , ' `` said allison young , a navajo and one of the actors who left the set . `` nothing has changed , '' she told ictmn . `` we are still just hollywood indians . '' `` they were being disrespectful , '' added david hill , a choctaw actor . `` they were bringing up those same old arguments that dan snyder uses in defending the ( washington ) redskins . but let me tell you , our dignity is not for sale . '' produced by sandler 's happy madison productions as part of a four-picture deal with netflix , `` the ridiculous six '' also stars will forte , taylor lautner , steve buscemi , john turturro , nick nolte , luke wilson and rob schneider , among others . the ictmn describes the movie as a western spoof on `` the magnificent seven , '' the 1960 classic about gunfighters who protect a village from a group of bandits . the movie was co-written by sandler and is being directed by his frequent collaborator frank coraci . actors playing historical figures include david spade as general custer , blake shelton as wyatt earp and vanilla ice as mark twain , according to the internet movie database . sandler had not commented publicly on the walkout as of friday morning , although people were criticizing him in comments posted on his facebook page . `` hey adam , act like an adult for once . respect others , especially native americans , '' wrote one commenter . in a statement sent to cnn and other media outlets , netflix defended the movie as satire : `` the movie has ridiculous in the title for a reason : because it is ridiculous . it is a broad satire of western movies and the stereotypes they popularized , featuring a diverse cast that is not only part of -- but in on -- the joke . '' the native american actors who spoke to ictmn were n't laughing , however . one , loren anthony , posted a photo to instagram from the set monday along with a comment saying , `` having a good time , great cast , great crew and feeling blessed to be here . '' but by wednesday , the navajo actor had become disillusioned and joined others in walking out . he told ictmn he felt insulted because costumes he and others wore to portray apache indians were not authentic . `` we were supposed to be apache , but it was really stereotypical and we did not look apache at all . we looked more like comanche , '' he said . according to ictmn , a native american adviser hired to help ensure the movie 's cultural authenticity also walked off the set in protest . hill , the choctaw actor , seemed to hold out hope that differences between the producers and native american cast members could be resolved . `` i hope they will listen to us , '' he told ictmn . `` we understand this is a comedy , we understand this is humor , but we wo n't tolerate disrespect . '' in photos : a glimpse of life on the reservation .