( cnn ) two deputies involved in the fatal attempt to arrest eric harris in tulsa , oklahoma , have been reassigned because of threats against them and their families , sheriff stanley glanz said monday in a news conference . the deputies were trying to arrest harris when reserve deputy robert bates shot him . unlike bates , they are not charged with a crime , but have come under criticism for pinning harris ' head to the ground as he said , `` i 'm losing my breath . '' police appear on video saying , `` f*ck your breath , '' apparently in response . sheriff stanley glanz did n't specify the nature of the threats , but said he was `` very concerned '' for their safety and that of their families . he did not say what the deputies had been assigned to do . another sheriff 's official said the office has temporarily suspended operations of the agency 's drug unit pending the review of the april 2 shooting of harris following a weapons sting . glanz indicated he has not yet decided how to proceed with a review of their actions , saying any action may be delayed until after the court case involving bates has been settled . bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in harris ' death . bates , who is free on $ 25,000 bond pending trial , shot harris with his handgun after calling out , `` taser , taser , '' -- an indication he planned to use a stun gun to subdue harris following a brief foot chase with the other deputies . amid questions about his age -- 73 -- training and friendship with glanz , bates has said the shooting was accidental , and has apologized to the family . lawyer releases training records for tulsa deputy charged in killing . on monday , glanz also apologized to harris ' family . `` we are sorry eric was taken from you , '' he said . but he said his office holds itself to the highest national standards of policing , and said monday that the fbi had cleared the agency of any civil rights violations in the shooting . bates is white . harris was black . there have been allegations , first reported by the tulsa world newspaper , that some of bates ' training records had been forged , or that he was unqualified to be serving on the force . the sheriff denied those allegations , saying he was certain bates had qualified on the gun range and had extensive additional training . he said he was unaware of any forgery involving training records , and said he had not issued any training waivers for bates , with whom he has been friends for more than two decades . but he said he supported prosecutor 's decision to proceed with the case . he also said he had brought in a dallas police consultant who had previously examined the office 's policies and procedures for another look . harris ' family has said the shooting reveals `` a deep-seated problem '' within the department and has demanded justice , and changes in policy .