lausanne , switzerland ( cnn ) there are plenty of details left to iron out , but negotiators took a significant step thursday toward a landmark deal aimed at keeping iran 's nuclear program peaceful . after a marathon stretch of late-night negotiations in lausanne , switzerland , diplomats announced they 'd come up with the framework for an agreement that 's been months in the making . iran would reduce its stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98 % and significantly scale back its number of installed centrifuges , according to the plan . in exchange , the united states and the european union would lift sanctions that have crippled the country 's economy . `` it is a good deal , a deal that meets our core objectives , '' u.s. president barack obama said in a speech from the white house rose garden . `` this framework would cut off every pathway that iran could take to develop a nuclear weapon . '' the deal would include strict verification measures to make sure iran complies , he said . `` if iran cheats , '' obama said , `` the world will know it . '' key points of the deal . the world powers involved in the talks with iran were the united states , russia , china , france , the united kingdom and germany . for the united states and iran , two countries with a long history of strained relations , the negotiations took on an added significance . just two years ago , they had n't talked with each other officially in nearly four decades . `` i think there was a seriousness of purpose , '' u.s. secretary of state john kerry told cnn in an interview shortly after the framework was announced . `` people negotiated hard . it was tough , very intense at times , sometimes emotional and confrontational . it was a very intensive process , because the stakes are very high , and because there is a long history of not talking to each other . for 35 years , we have n't talked with the iranians directly like this . '' on thursday , iranian state television broadcast obama 's speech live , something many iranians described as unprecedented . some iranians marked the historic moment in u.s.-iranian relations on twitter by sharing `` selfies '' of themselves in front of the live obama speech . but u.s. leaders were still talking tough , even as they praised the agreement . kerry stressed that if a final deal is reached with iran , the removal of any sanctions against tehran will come in phases . `` and if we find out at any point that iran is not complying with the agreement , the sanctions can snap back into place , '' he said . iran did n't seem to be changing its tune , either . `` iran-u.s. relations had nothing to do with this . this was an attempt to resolve the nuclear issue . ... we have serious differences with the united states , '' foreign minister javad zarif said after the deal 's framework was announced , noting that `` mutual mistrust '' had been a serious problem in the talks . the preliminary agreement will not put an end to iran 's enrichment activities , zarif said . `` none of those measures include closing any of our facilities . the proud people of iran would never accept that , '' he said . but he said iran will abide by the agreement , which would limit enrichment activities to one location , he said . 21 questions on iranian nuclear talks . but work on the deal is n't finished . there 's a june 30 deadline for coming up with a final agreement . in the united states , the obama administration could face an uphill battle selling the deal to a skeptical congress , which has threatened to impose new sanctions on iran . already , there were rumblings of the looming political fight . kerry said he did n't believe congress would block the deal , telling cnn it `` would be very irresponsible to make politics trump facts and science and the realities of what is possible here . '' house speaker john boehner said in a statement that he was planning to stand strong and press the administration with tough questions . `` the president says negotiators have cleared the basic threshold needed to continue talks , but the parameters for a final deal represent an alarming departure from the white house 's initial goals , '' he said , arguing that congress must review details of a deal before any sanctions are lifted . obama warned leaders of congress not to stop the deal . `` if congress kills this deal not based on expert analysis and without offering any reasonable alternative , then it 's the united states that will be blamed for the failure of diplomacy , '' obama said . `` international unity will collapse . '' obama maintains the deal would shut down iran 's path to getting a nuclear bomb . but israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu says the opposite is true . `` such a deal would not block iran 's path to the bomb . it would pave it , '' he said in a statement . `` it would increase the risks of nuclear proliferation in the region and the risks of a horrific war . '' netanyahu has been lobbying against an agreement since the talks began , warning u.s. lawmakers in a congressional address last month that iran ca n't be trusted . israeli government officials vowed to continue their push against what they called `` a poor framework that will lead to a bad and dangerous agreement . '' `` if an agreement is reached on the basis of this framework , it will result in a historic mistake that will make the world a far more dangerous place , '' the israeli officials said in a statement . `` this framework gives international legitimacy to iran 's nuclear program that aims only to produce nuclear bombs . '' obama said that he was reaching out to netanyahu to explain and defend the tentative framework . `` if , in fact , prime minister netanyahu is looking for the most effective way to ensure that iran does n't get a nuclear weapon , this is the best option , '' obama said . negotiations between iran and the five permanent members of the u.n. security council -- china , france , russia , the united kingdom and the united states -- plus germany began in 2006 and have had a tortured history . over the past nine years , the push and pull over iran 's nuclear program produced a bewildering array of proposals . meanwhile , as talks dragged on , the united states , the european union and others imposed sanctions on iran , provoking resentment among tehran 's leaders , who called the sanctions a crime against humanity . the challenge all along was twofold : to assure the international community that iran could not develop nuclear weapons ( which it denied in any event that it was doing ) ; and to accommodate the country 's assertion of its right -- as a signer of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons -- to enrich nuclear fuel for civilian purposes . the broad outlines of a deal seem to have been clear for some time . but the devil was in the details , and the numbers , timing , sequencing and verification procedures proved devilishly difficult to resolve . until now . the 2013 election of hassan rouhani , a political moderate , to iran 's presidency infused the talks with new hope , though questions lingered over whether he could persuade the country 's hard-liners to accept an agreement . u.s. leaders also were divided over the agreement as envisioned . in a march 9 letter signed by 47 republican u.s. senators , iran 's leaders were warned that any deal not approved by the senate could immediately be revoked by president barack obama 's successor in 2017 . democrats denounced the sending of such a letter to foreign leaders as an unprecedented intervention in negotiations between the administration and another country . and iran 's leaders also dismissed the letter.​ . cnn 's elise labott reported from lausanne and mariano castillo and catherine e. shoichet wrote the story in atlanta . cnn 's don melvin , mark bixler , cynde strand , sarah aarthun , jedd rosche , jethro mullen , greg botelho and jim sciutto contributed to this report .