ol pejeta conservancy , kenya ( cnn ) at first glance , sudan looks like any other northern white rhino : stout and agile , with square lips . he grazes under the hot sun , his massive head lowered to the ground , at the ol pejeta conservancy in central kenya . when he 's not wallowing in his enclosure , he waddles around the sprawling savannah , stopping briefly to drink water from a concrete hole . but sudan is not just any rhino . he 's the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world . for an animal on the verge of extinction , the fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with the two female northern white rhinos at the conservancy . sudan 's female companions , fatu and najin , live at the conservancy , where experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct . the animals are under 24-hour protection by armed guards . rhinos are targeted by poachers , fueled by the belief in asia that their horns cure various ailments . experts say the rhino horn is becoming more lucrative than drugs . in addition to round-the-clock security , the conservancy has put radio transmitters on the animals and dispatches incognito rangers into neighboring communities to gather intelligence on poaching . the conservancy is also raising funds to help equip and train rangers who guard the rhinos . at 42 , sudan is elderly in rhino years . fatu , 15 , is a spring chicken , while najin is 25 . though the three northern white rhinos are physiologically healthy , age might be a factor , says george paul , the deputy veterinarian at the conservancy . `` sudan is currently old and may not be able to naturally mount and mate with a female , '' he says . in addition , he has a low sperm count , which complicates natural and scientific efforts , experts say . najin could conceive , but her hind legs are so weak , she may be unable to support a mounted male . `` there has been recorded mating between different pairs over the last few years , but not conceptions , '' paul says . `` based on a recent health examination conducted , both animals have a regular estrus cycle , but no conception has been recorded . '' and if one is not recorded soon , the beloved animal will go extinct . rhinos on a plane : life-saving mission across borders . in a race against time , international experts are resorting to science to try to sustain the subspecies . the northern white rhino can not mate with a black rhino , but there is a chance it could mate with a southern white rhino , paul says . while southern white rhinos are not endangered -- ol pejeta has 19 -- they are a different subspecies from the northern white rhino genetically . though the offspring would not be 100 % northern white rhino , it would be better than nothing , experts say . a committee at the conservancy is also looking at various alternative reproduction techniques , including in vitro fertilization . `` in other countries , success has been achieved with embryo transfer in a different rhino species , thus that , as a technique , can be presupposed to be the most promising , '' paul says . `` however , consultations are ongoing amongst different reproductive technique experts on the way forward . '' bringing rhinos back to uganda , one calf at a time . the need to preserve the northern white rhino is dire . `` realistically , we are looking at these animals dying in the next decade or so . but hopefully , using artificial methods of reproduction , we might be able to bring them back in the future , '' paul says . `` this might mean that it will happen when the current animals are already deceased , but it could happen . '' the conservancy acquired the northern white rhinos -- two males and two females -- in 2009 from a zoo in the czech republic . suni , the other male northern white rhino at the conservancy , died last year . in another incident , another male , angalifu , died at the san diego zoo last year , bringing the subspecies closer to extinction . there are no known northern white rhinos left in the wild . a total of five remain in captivity worldwide : three in kenya , and one each at zoos in san diego and the czech republic . but sudan , a male , is in a company of one . 11 wildlife experiences that could vanish in your lifetime .