( cnn ) mountaineers have returned to mount everest for this year 's climbing season , resuming the quest to summit the world 's highest peak after a deadly season last year . in 2014 , the nepal climbing season ended after a piece of glacial ice fell , unleashing an avalanche that killed 16 nepalis who had just finished their morning prayers . the april 18 accident was the single deadliest incident to ever occur on mount everest . the deaths launched fierce debates about the enormous risks faced by the sherpas and the dangers of climbing everest . in order to reduce risks , the route through khumbu icefall , the notoriously treacherous path where the 16 were killed , has been changed to one that takes longer but is expected to be safer . `` they 're going in the icefall and , as we found out on april 18 , it 's the most dangerous place , '' said conrad anker , a veteran climber who has been to everest three times . `` they 're exposed to the tumbling ice , hanging seracs above it . it 's very , very dangerous . it 's the most dangerous place i 've been in the mountains . '' at this point in the season , climbing teams have not yet entered khumbu icefall , which is essentially a frozen river rapid with jagged pieces breaking off and moving . nepal has issued 347 permits this year to climb mount everest , with 125 of them from the previously shortened season , according to the nepal ministry of tourism . it 's a slight increase from the 334 who were given permission last year . the local nepalese committee that determines the path up everest announced in february that a different route had been selected . the climbers will now take a central route through the khumbu icefall , avoiding the area where the deaths occurred . the committee comprised of sherpas voted to return to the central route for safety reasons . `` there will be little risk of avalanche than in the right or left , '' said yangji doma sherpa , the spokeswoman for the sagarmatha pollution control committee . the central route had been used in the 1990s , but was abandoned in favor of a quicker route , she said . the new path means climbers will have to cross more crevasses , and use more vertical and horizontal ladders . the committee issued a recommendation that the weight of workers ' gear be limited to avoid overloading the ladders . `` i think it will be an hour longer on the icefall , '' said alan arnette , who is blogging from everest base camp this season . `` i do n't think it will be game changer . '' but one company , alpenglow expeditions , said it would stop climbing from the nepal side , where the climbers have to go through the icefall , in favor of the northern route from china . `` we 've seen it get progressively more dangerous over the last few years , '' said adrian ballinger , the company 's founder and ceo . `` we believe the risk is too great for our workers . '' according to the china tibet mountaineering association , 320 people have been registered to climb the northern route to everest this year . that 's 136 more than last year . the chinese side of everest has typically been less popular than its nepal counterpart , because of concerns of government closures . some everest observers say the northern route has harsher weather and more rocky terrain , but it also does n't have an icefall . the increasing popularity of the northern route has caused concern amongst nepali companies that climbers will divert to the chinese side . `` i can already see the shift with mountaineers i speak to , '' said dawa steven sherpa , who is based in nepal . `` more people are going to go to tibet than nepal . nepal needs the tourism far more than china does . china has incredible wealth of resources and nepal does not . '' leading expeditions is how sherpas feed their families and send their children to school . nepal depends heavily on tourism dollars . many of the guides had to bury their friends after the accident last year , and while they may be ready to return to the summit , their families are not . many of them are `` leaving behind nervous , stressed-out wives and children , '' whose memories of what happened last year are fresh , said dawa sherpa , managing director of asian trekking . `` they do say they do n't want to put them through that again , '' he said . `` they 're not fearful for their own lives , it 's what they 're putting their family through . '' several mountaineers are also returning this year . one of them is jon reiter , who spoke to cnn last year after the tragedy . when the icy avalanche thundered down , reiter was shoved behind an ice block by his sherpa guide . reiter , who is making his way to base camp this year , could not be reached directly . but he explained why he 's heading back to everest this year on his blog . `` i ca n't quite find the words to tell you why , or what really pulls me back to the mountains , '' he wrote . `` when we were in the midst of last year 's events it was hard to see the big picture . it was hard to remember that people die in the mountains but that it 's more rare than not . `` it was hard for me to remember that i 'm not choosing between my life at home and dying in the mountains . i like to think it 's similar to surviving a plane crash or a major pile up on the freeway . '' cnn 's sugam pokharel contributed to this report .