( cnn ) thursday will mark three weeks since saudi arabia began airstrikes on houthi rebels in yemen . but there is as yet little sign that the rebels are being driven back , that the fighting in yemen is dying down or that lives there are being saved . to the contrary , increasingly more yemenis appear to be fleeing the country , attempting the dangerous trip in rickety fishing boats across the red sea to the horn of africa -- a trip historically made by people fleeing africa rather than the other way around . hopes for stability , not only in yemen but in the middle east in general , are fading as fears grow that saudia arabia and iran are fighting a proxy war in yemen for regional domination . and the number of dead continues to mount . yemen 's health ministry said over the weekend that 385 civilians had been killed and 342 others had been wounded . the world health organization has put a higher figure on both tolls -- 648 killed and 2,191 wounded -- but includes militant casualties in the totals . the houthis forced yemeni president abdu rabu mansour hadi from power in january , though hadi still claims he is yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with the saudis and other allies to return to yemen . those allied with hadi have accused the iranian government of supporting the houthis in their uprising in yemen . like the iranians , the houthis are shiites . and like the saudis , hadi and his government are sunni . since it began on march 26 , saudi arabia has launched more than 1,200 airstrikes . saudi officials claim to have killed more than 500 houthi rebels . the u.n. security council voted tuesday in favor of an arms embargo on houthis -- the minority group that has taken over large swaths of yemen , including its capital , sanaa -- and supporters of former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh . the resolution `` raises the cost '' for the houthis , according to mark lyall grant , britain 's ambassador to the united nations . in addition to the arms embargo , the resolution also demands that the shiite group pull back and refrain from more violence and includes sanctions aimed at controlling the spread of terrorism , according to grant . russia abstained from tuesday 's vote , saying it did n't like the inclusion of sanctions . why is saudi arabia bombing yemen ?