durham , north carolina ( cnn ) president obama 's nomination of loretta lynch to become the country 's first african-american woman attorney general is a historic pick . her confirmation , however , is now taking on new historical relevance as her wait for a confirmation vote by the full senate drags into its sixth month . the period between the senate judiciary committee 's vote to confirm and the full senate vote -- which in lynch 's case has not been scheduled -- has lasted longer for her than for any attorney general nominee in recent history . by the time the senate returns from easter recess on monday , it 'll have been longer than the eight previous nominees for the job -- combined . lynch , currently the u.s. attorney for the eastern district of new york , cleared the committee february 26 by a vote of 12-8 , with republican sens . orrin hatch of utah , lindsey graham of south carolina and jeff flake of arizona joining democrats in sending the nomination to the full senate . obama nominated lynch to replace attorney general eric holder on november 8 , after holder had announced plans to leave the post weeks earlier . hundreds of miles from washington , longtime residents of durham , north carolina , were beaming with pride . lynch 's family moved to the city when she was a child . her parents , married for 60 years , still live there . they watched the announcement on television . `` that was encouraging but i knew then that we had a fight on our hands , '' said lynch 's father , the rev . lorenzo lynch . `` i 've been in politics most of my life . i know that nothing is certain , and i know that nothing is easy . '' lorenzo lynch , 82 , is a retired baptist preacher and was active in the civil rights movement of the 1960s . he ran , unsuccessfully , for mayor of durham in 1973 . for the next round of his daughter 's `` fight , '' he traveled to washington in late january to attend his daughter 's confirmation hearing before the judiciary committee . `` i heard a lot at that hearing that i 've heard since childhood . that is the presupposition of the mindset , '' lorenzo lynch said . `` the dual system or the dual treatment . '' when asked to provide specific examples , lorenzo lynch deferred to the state branch of the naacp and e. lavonia allison , a durham activist who has known loretta lynch since the family moved to durham . `` i do n't want to think about the epidermis , but some people are thinking that way , '' allison said , suggesting that lynch 's confirmation vote has been delayed because lynch is african-american . `` when it has taken so long , when it has been so different from any other person who has been nominated ... how else can we interpret that it is so different ? '' allison said . in march , rep. g.k. butterfield , d-north carolina , chairman of the congressional black caucus , said , `` i think race certainly can be considered as a major factor in the reason for this delay , but it 's also the irrationality of the new republicans . '' sen. dick durbin , d-illinois , evoked imagery of the segregated south in criticism of republicans , saying lynch had been `` asked to sit in the back of the bus when it comes to the senate calendar . '' durbin was harshly criticized by arizona 's sen. john mccain . `` i deeply regret that the senator from illinois chose to come here yesterday and question the integrity and motivation , mine and my republican colleagues , '' mccain said on the senate floor . `` it was offensive and unnecessary , and i think he owes this body , ms. lynch and all americans an apology , '' mccain added . `` i thought he should be commended , '' lorenzo lynch said . `` i think that 's a poetic description of what has happened and poetry , like most language , is limited but it does have wings ... to carry a point . '' giuliani pushes for lynch confirmation . senate republicans adamantly deny the delay in scheduling a vote on lynch 's nomination is because she is african-american . many point out that lynch , if confirmed , will be replacing the country 's first african-american attorney general who was confirmed by an overwhelming margin . instead , republicans and democrats say the delay is part of an ongoing partisan battle . for some , it 's part of a fight over a human trafficking bill that has stalled in the senate . for others , the delay is retaliation for president obama 's 2014 executive actions on immigration . on the eve of holder 's announcement of his plans to leave the department of justice , the political number crunchers at fivethirtyeight.com predicted that whoever the president nominated would `` likely face at least a moderately tough confirmation hearing in the senate . '' some of lynch 's supporters across north carolina have organized to convince the state 's two republican senators to support lynch 's confirmation . in march , several dozen north carolina women , led by the naacp , traveled to washington to meet with their senators , richard burr and thom tillis . reportedly , the meeting lasted nearly an hour and was very cordial . at a news conference at the washington press club , the group blasted the senators for opposing the nomination . `` senator burr and senator tillis , it is time for you to act like you have some sense . it 's past time . you have embarrassed the state of north carolina , '' allison said after the meeting . for their part , burr and tillis released a statement after the meeting : `` while we remain concerned with ms. lynch 's stated desire to lead the department of justice in the same manner as eric holder and will not be supporting her nomination , we are grateful that the group came to washington to talk about this issue and exchange ideas . weeks later , the naacp organized protests outside the senators ' offices in raleigh , charlotte and wilmington . `` i think there is a much deeper analysis , '' said north carolina naacp branch president rev . william barber ii . `` i believe if she had been clarence thomas , she would have been confirmed . '' `` because of her courage , her character and her commitment to the law and to the enforcement of the laws of this land , particularly the 14th and 15th amendments to the constitution , and because her consciousness was shaped in the crucible of the civil rights movement -- that is what they fear , '' barber said . obama turns up the heat on loretta lynch confirmation ' limbo ' . lorenzo lynch says he carried his daughter to several civil rights marches on his shoulders . he admits that he did not think that much of the recent progress of african-americans was possible when he was fighting for equal rights . now , his small living room is filled with stacks of loosely organized newspaper stories about his daughter 's nomination and photos of his visit to the white house . lynch admits that he 's never told his only daughter that he 's proud of her , although he 's sure she knows it . he plans to change that , soon , regardless of the outcome of her pending nomination .