( cnn ) easter is unique on the christian calendar , a major point in the cycle of the religious year , and one that has always been able to resist the commercialization and culture warring that surrounds christmas . that 's in part because easter is genuinely about how religious impulses , and patterns , can operate in ways that affect our lives . nevertheless , i 'm often surprised by how little people , even those supposedly within the christian tradition , actually know about what is called holy week and its culmination on easter sunday . at a time when our culture is roiled by questions of identity and ethics ( and tolerance ) that have profound religious implications , it 's worth pausing to explore this crucial holiday -- and the awareness of the human condition , in all its sadness and glory , that it engenders . after all , holy week calls mostly to those who incline their minds and hearts in its direction with seriousness of intent . still , the fuss must puzzle those looking on , wondering what it all means . why do christians make so much of this springtime week , and make so much of easter weekend ? there is a phrase that many never come across , even among christians : easter triduum . this refers to the three days of easter that begin with good friday , proceed through holy saturday , and conclude with easter sunday . it 's definitely a progression , although the word itself -- triduum -- can refer to any three days of prayer . easter triduum has a kind of major prologue in maundy thursday , the day when , by tradition , jesus celebrated the last supper with his disciples in the upper room in jerusalem on the night before he was crucified . the idea of holy communion begins with this meal , which was a passover meal . jesus , of course , was jewish , as were all his disciples . he was never trying to erase judaism and found a new religion . his work involved modifying and extending judaism in fresh ways . on maundy thursday , christians sometimes practice the washing of feet , recalling that jesus washed the very dusty feet of his disciples at the last supper as a way of demonstrating profound humility -- showing that he was himself a servant -- and modeling a kind of ideal behavior . good friday is n't , in fact , so good . it 's the day of the crucifixion , when jesus was scourged and beaten , forced to carry his cross to golgotha , the `` place of the skull , '' and nailed to the cross itself for what must have been an agonizing death . the actual scene of the crucifixion varies from gospel to gospel , as do his last words , assembled into the so-called `` seven last words '' of jesus by adding up fragments from different gospels . some of these words are quotations , as when jesus asked god why he has abandoned him : this is a quote from the 22nd psalm , which opens : `` my god , my god , why hast thou forsaken me ? '' good friday is a day of death , sacrifice , displacement , fear . holy saturday is probably the least understood day of the easter triduum . it 's a passageway between the darkness of the crucifixion and the bright hope of easter . this day occupies an anxious space in human experience , when the certain knowledge of something dreadful is n't quite erased -- ca n't be erased -- simply by hope . it 's a day of depression , a day of suspension . then comes easter , with the aura of the resurrection . i 'm always moved by the deep symbolism of this mythic moment , when the body of christ becomes what is called a `` glorified body . '' this was not , as i 've said elsewhere , the great resuscitation , although that 's part of it , too . resurrection implies a total transformation , something beyond the physical realm . it 's very important that almost nobody who encounters jesus after the resurrection can really recognize him , know him , or understand him as the same person who was with them before he was crucified . easter embraces the great mystery of resurrection , with its promise of transformation -- a shift from one form to another , and a change that moves well beyond any literal understanding . the three days of easter , the triduum , occur only once a year on the calendar . but the really interesting thing is that we all experience the pattern of the three days again and again . we find ourselves emptied out in small ways , nailed to our own trees in life , embarrassed or broken by life . it was the buddha who famously observed that life is suffering . good friday embodies the christian version of that truth . jesus suffered in the way all of us must suffer . we must all die , perhaps less ignominiously but just as certainly . our friends and families must die . we all experience illness , loss , sadness , a loss of confidence , darkness . this is simply part of the human experience . we dive again and again into holy saturday , too -- a period of transition , when the bleakness of suffering is perhaps slightly behind us but nothing restorative seems in view . we know well this in-between time ; it 's an anxious passage , with only a glimmer on the horizon of potential hope . and we 've all been resurrected , again and again , perhaps in tiny ways . this is the joy of easter , and it 's not something reserved for one day on the calendar . it 's there whenever we experience what t.s . eliot once called the `` timeless moment , '' which can only occur -- paradoxically -- in time itself . it 's a mystical point where timelessness intersects with time . i suspect we all experience the triduum frequently , sometimes more than once in a single day . but the ritual enactment of these three days of the easter season reminds all of those who practice christianity -- and perhaps those who do n't -- that we should expect to move through darkness into light . it 's a pattern that describes a kind of spiritual progression . it 's good cause for celebration , too : and one that wo n't easily be co-opted by secular culture .