( cnn ) wealthy nigerians used to travel abroad to get their fix of luxury goods . however these days , they can take a stroll around victoria island , an exclusive neighborhood in lagos where brands like porsche , hugo boss and ermenegildo zegna line the streets . the nigerian city is among african metropolises which have seen some of the highest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent . others include luanda , dar es salaam and accra , which is predicted to nearly double its millionaire count from 800 in 2012 to 1,500 in 2020 . if the growth continues , these cities could join an existing club of african wealth hubs hosting the so-called ultra-high net worth individuals , typically those with over $ 30 million of net assets excluding their primary residence . these centers of affluence are spread from johannesburg in the south , through lagos in the west and nairobi in the east , to cairo in the north . this emerging class of africa 's new millionaires has been pushing the demand for luxury products across the continent , with sales of high-end products growing by a third between 2008 and 2013 . however , they are no longer concentrated in southern africa , traditionally the wealthiest part of the continent . nigeria is now one of the fastest growing markets for french champagne and digital televisions according to a report by deloitte , and in 2013 lvmh 's seven nigerian branches outsold its 600 south african stores . `` africa is one of the fastest growing regions in terms of middle class , '' says fflur roberts , head of luxury at euromonitor , a market research provider . `` it 's due to a mix of rising incomes , rising population but also growth slowing in other emerging markets . '' luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors , benefiting from local knowledge of their partners but still retaining a significant amount of control over how their name is marketed in that country . `` getting a new brand in a new market where they do n't fully understand the operating environment would be very dangerous for that brand , '' explains roberts . she warns that in spite of potential , the future of luxury in africa is dependent on reforms taking place : `` it will rely on infrastructure and the operating environment such as security and how trading is done , '' she says . when it comes to what they choose to splash their cash on , africa 's rich like to stick to well-known global labels that carry an automatic badge of status . `` generally the brands they buy will be more ostentatious compared to somebody in the more developed , mature markets . it 's going to be the louis vuitton , the gucci , the prada , '' says roberts . she adds that this could be down to the fact that typical a luxury consumer in africa is much younger than those in mature markets such as western europe , who tend to be in their 50s and 60s . `` they are in their late twenties or thirties so it 's very much new wealth , and they will be looking towards luxury as a means of showing status and success , '' says roberts . however , in spite of mainstream brand 's dominance , smaller home-grown labels also see the growth in appetite for luxury goods as a valuable opportunity . `` africa has all the foundations that are needed to create a real vibrant luxury industry , '' says swaady martin leke , ivorian entrepreneur and founder of the johannesburg-based luxury tea brand yswara . `` we have the craftsmanship , we have the heritage , we have a very rich culture that does n't date just 20 years , but centuries , thousands and thousands of years of know-how and craftsmanship . so here is this continent where you have all the raw material and the know-how , but what is missing is the link to luxury . `` now is the time and you need to start positioning yourself , because africa is getting richer , that 's for sure , '' she adds . more from africa view . read this : ethiopia - a land where coffee meets tradition . read this : why kenya is the flower garden of europe .