( cnn ) saudi arabia has executed a second indonesian maid despite protests from jakarta , which is itself facing fierce criticism for its failure to heed calls for clemency for a number of foreigners on death row . the indonesian government summoned the saudi ambassador to the foreign ministry on thursday after learning that 37-year-old karni bt . medi tarsim had been beheaded , without official warning . karni was sentenced to death in march 2013 for killing her employer 's four-year-old child . she was the second indonesian domestic worker executed by the saudis this week , following the death of siti zaenab bt . duhri rupa on tuesday -- the execution again carried out with indonesian officials receiving no prior warning . `` that is our main issue . it 's not that suddenly there was an execution . we did n't know when it would take place . still , we took over a hundred steps to try to free ( siti ) from execution , '' said arrmanatha nasir , spokesman for indonesia 's ministry of foreign affairs . siti , 47 , was convicted of killing her employer 's wife in 1999 , but the death penalty was delayed until the youngest of the victim 's sons reached puberty and was old enough to consider requesting her pardon . he did n't . rights groups say they suspect siti was mentally ill and cast aspersions on claims she had confessed to the crime . amnesty international also said reports suggested she had been abused while working in the victim 's home . `` imposing the death penalty and executing someone with a suspected mental illness smacks of a basic lack of humanity , '' said philip luther , middle east and north africa programme director at amnesty international . in a statement , the indonesian government said the protection of its citizens abroad was a `` priority '' and listed the attempts it had made to help siti , including providing legal aid , writing letters to the saudi king and `` continuous efforts ... to ask for forgiveness from the family . '' indonesia said in many cases its efforts had worked . from july 2011 to the end of march this year , it said it had `` successfully freed '' 238 of its citizens from the death penalty . one of those was satinah binti jumadi ahmad who was sentenced to death in 2011 after reportedly admitting to killing her 70-year-old employer and stealing $ 10,000 . satinah claimed she acted in self-dense . days before her scheduled execution , the indonesian government stepped in with so-called `` blood money '' of 7 million saudi riyals -- at the time worth about $ 1.8 million . satinah was spared . indonesia 's efforts to save its own citizens does not sit well with advocates who are seeking the same mercy for foreigners languishing on indonesia 's death row . two of the most high profile cases are andrew chan and myuran sukumaran , australians convicted of attempting to smuggle heroin from bali to australia in 2005 . friday marks the 10-year anniversary of their arrest with seven other people -- members of the so-called `` bali nine '' -- who are currently serving lengthy sentences in indonesian prisons . as the alleged ringleaders , chan and sukumaran were sentenced to death , and denied clemency from president jokowi widodo , a decision being challenged through the country 's constitutional court . `` if indonesia wants to effectively protect indonesians from the death penalty abroad , indonesia should also abolish the death penalty here , '' said todung mulya lubis , one of the men 's lawyers . chan , 31 , and sukumaran -- who also turns 34 on friday -- are currently incarcerated on nusakambangan island in preparation for their execution but no date has been set . human rights watch called on widodo to suspend all planned executions in indonesia -- as the previous government did between 2008 and 2013 . no executions were carried out in 2014 , but earlier this year , six people -- including five foreigners -- faced the firing squad . `` the executions of two indonesian citizens in saudi arabia in a single week should be a turning point on the subject of death penalty in indonesia , '' said andreas harsono , the indonesian researcher for human rights watch . `` please stop the lecture of sovereignty . it is so old fashioned . '' before news of the second execution emerged on thursday , the indonesian ministry of foreign affairs held a press briefing to denounce the saudi action . when asked whether jakarta 's complaints smacked of hypocrisy , given the country 's refusal to spare foreigners on death row , spokesman arrmanatha nasir said : `` if you read our constitution , it is the job , the role of the government to protect its citizens , right ? so it 's not a double standard . '' `` on the issue of death penalty , we can have a long debate whether it is against human rights or it is morally wrong or right . that 's a whole other discussion , that 's a whole other argument , but what we 're saying now here is we are implementing our laws and we are adhering to our constitution that we have to protect our citizens abroad . ''