( cnn ) china 's cybercensors have long used a `` great firewall '' to block its citizens from reading critical articles from western news websites or consuming other content it disapproves of . but it 's no longer enough for them , says a study published friday . they 've developed a new it weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders , including in the united states . the study 's authors have named it the `` great cannon , '' and it operates in plain sight . going on the attack so visibly and handily within another country 's borders will probably draw international ire , the study 's authors say , and beijing may have counted on that . `` this is a powerful attack capability , and we are curious about the risk and benefit analysis that led the chinese government to reveal it with this highly visible denial of service attack , '' said researcher john scott-railton . the reason chinese censors are taking that risk : free-speech cyberactivists have found ways to get around the great firewall and give chinese readers greater access to the west 's free press . enter the `` great cannon . '' it blasts targeted web servers with massive distributed denial of service attacks , and it uses the web browsers of unsuspecting web surfers to do it . the cannon wrecked two online services with ddos attacks in march , say the researchers from the university of toronto 's citizen lab , the international computer science institute , the university of california-berkeley and princeton university . many of the researchers focus on the abuse of information technology to undermine civil liberties and human rights . and they are afraid this new cyberweapon could easily be used for an array of powerful attacks beyond what they 've already observed . `` a modest technical change could turn the great cannon into a malware delivery device for infecting the computer of a target individual anywhere in the world who visits a chinese server , '' scott-railton said . this might include all emails headed in and out of china , he said . `` the device could replace genuine attachments with malicious files , for example . '' one of the great cannon 's targets that the researchers studied was an obvious one -- greatfire.org , run by chinese expats bent on fighting beijing 's censorship . they monitor chinese citizens ' access to international news sites such as german news service deutsche welle or the tibet post . but the other target may seem odd at first glance . github is a popular silicon valley hosting service used by programmers who want to share code with each other . the two attacks were connected , however , the study says . greatfire.org hosted two github repositories that contained computer code allowing chinese readers to get around the great firewall and read the new york times in chinese . critical articles from the times are a particular fly in the ointment for beijing , and china has turned away at least three of the paper 's reporters in short succession , according to a u.s. congressional commission on china . github said it thought the attackers were trying to coerce it into taking content offline . greatfire.org says it suspects the attack may have been in response to a wall street journal article on its struggle to circumvent chinese censors . both services suspected china was behind their attacks and used the great firewall to carry it out , according to statements and media reports . by triggering attacks and analyzing them , the researchers concluded that beijing has developed a tool distinctly different from the great firewall . they are confident it is also in china and say it is technically similar to the great firewall . the firewall , in a manner of speaking , stands aside and watches all digital traffic going in and out of china , the researchers say . if it sees requests going out into the world for content it does n't want citizens to see , the researchers say , it discreetly injects forged messages to the foreign server and the chinese user 's computer to make them stop communicating . the user might see an http 403 reply -- `` sorry , you 're not authorized to see this page . '' not only does the great firewall monitor tons of traffic , but its systems have to do a lot of processing to discern what to block and what not , so it 's work-intensive . the great cannon takes on a much lighter load , because it does n't care about all that traffic . instead , it targets traffic between a handful of web addresses . but it uses web traffic unrelated to its targets to build its attack against them . users going to baidu , one of china 's most prolific web services and most successful internet companies , can become unknowing proxy warriors against the great cannon 's targets , the study says . in the overwhelming number of cases , when traffic came into china from the outside world , the great cannon let it through to baidu 's advertising servers . but in a tiny fraction of the cases the researchers observed , it picked out computers it wanted to use in the attack , and sent bad code back to the user 's browser . `` the malicious script enlisted the requesting user as an unwitting participant in the ddos attack against greatfire.org and github , '' the authors wrote . their browsers mercilessly fired requests at both sites and paralyzed them . `` at the time of writing they number 2.6 billion requests per hour , '' greatfire.org wrote during an outage in march . `` websites are not equipped to handle that kind of volume so they usually ' break ' and go offline . '' github said the march incident was the biggest ddos attack in its history . back then , the programmers noticed that there were unique aspects about the attack . `` these include every vector we 've seen in previous attacks as well as some sophisticated new techniques that use the web browsers of unsuspecting , uninvolved people to flood github.com with high levels of traffic , '' they wrote . baidu denies any involvement in the attacks and says its internal security has remained intact , the researchers said . but government cybercensors ' monitoring of traffic to and from baidu 's servers could hurt its reputation as a major player in international commerce . fully encrypting web traffic should help to defend against the great cannon , scott-railton said . chinese president xi jinping is a communist party hardliner , and since he took office in november 2012 , chinese citizens have felt the grip tightening again on freedoms they thought they had gained , journalists and activists say . xi and the politburo `` are responding to new threats by falling back on repressive tactics '' rather than `` experimenting with more liberal policies , '' think tank freedom house wrote in an analysis . and repression has particularly targeted grass-roots activists , online opinion leaders and ordinary citizens on the internet . xi also has a reputation for eyeing western values with suspicion and considering american it companies , such as intel and google , partners of the u.s. government . `` deployment of the gc ( great cannon ) may also reflect a desire to counter what the chinese government perceives as u.s. hegemony in cyberspace , '' the researchers write . the authors say the united states and great britain already have methods for intercepting unencrypted traffic and launching attacks .