( cnn ) nasa says its messenger space probe crashed into mercury on thursday after running out of fuel , ending a nearly 11-year journey that provided valuable data and thousands of photos . mission controllers at the johns hopkins university applied physics laboratory ( apl ) in laurel , maryland , confirmed the probe slammed into the surface of mercury , as anticipated , at 3:26 p.m. edt , nasa told cnn in an email . nasa earlier said the probe was expected to hit the surface at 8,750 miles per hour and to create an impact crater 52 feet ( 16 meters ) in diameter . the crash was n't visible from earth because it occurred on the far side of mercury . messenger ( an acronym for mercury surface , space environment , geochemistry , and ranging ) was launched in 2004 and traveled more than 6½ years before it started circling mercury on march 18 , 2011 . it was the first spacecraft to orbit the planet closest to the sun . it traveled about 5 billion miles -- a journey that included 15 trips around the sun . spacecraft to make death dive into mercury . the spacecraft was healthy when it crashed , but was out of fuel . when scientists determined there was no way to save it , they held a briefing this month to celebrate the mission 's success . `` for the first time in history we now have real knowledge about the planet mercury that shows it to be a fascinating world as part of our diverse solar system , '' said john grunsfeld , associate administrator for the science mission directorate at nasa headquarters in washington . one of the mission 's big findings : it sent back data indicating that ice in mercury 's shadowed polar regions , if spread over an area the size of washington , would be more than two miles thick , nasa said . as the end neared , the probe sent back some final tweets thanking mission managers and counting down its final orbits . the messenger mission is over , but scientists say they 'll be busy for years studying data from the probe . and while the space probe wo n't be sending back anymore images , you can see mercury with your own eyes . it 's visible in the night sky just before dusk until about the end of may .