( cnn ) as his military career winds down , britain 's prince harry is going to be spending some time down under . the 30-year-old prince is due to arrive monday in australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces there . harry `` will work and live alongside colleagues in the australian army in a number of regiments in sydney , darwin and perth , '' the australian defence forces said thursday . he has already spent time with australian troops on a number of occasions during his 10-year military career , a spokesman said . `` prince harry has trained and served alongside australian armed forces on operational tours to afghanistan ; he has met them during the invictus games ; and even trekked to the south pole with a couple of australian soldiers , '' the spokesman said . the younger son of prince charles and princess diana , harry is known in the british army as `` captain harry wales , '' from his official title and name , his royal highness prince henry of wales . he began his formal military duties in 2005 at the royal military academy sandhurst . last month , he announced that he would be leaving the armed forces in june , describing the decision as `` really tough . '' australian military officials say the prince 's program with them will be `` challenging . '' it will involve training in urban settings and patrolling the australian bush , as well as aviation activities and fire exercises . he 'll also participate in regular activities like physical training and pack marches , the australian military said . harry will also spend time meeting wounded , injured and ill service members in australia . `` wounded warriors '' are a special interest for prince harry . he helped spearhead and continues to champion the invictus games , a competition for former military personnel who have been wounded in the line of duty . before he reports for duty monday , the prince will lay a wreath at the war memorial in the australian capital , canberra . during his attachment with the australian military , harry will accompany charles on a trip to turkey at the end of april for commemorations on the anniversary of the world war i battle of gallipoli . cnn 's max foster contributed to this report .