los angeles ( cnn ) former rap mogul marion `` suge '' knight was ordered thursday to stand trial for murder and other charges stemming from a deadly hit-and-run confrontation on the movie set of the biopic `` straight outta compton '' earlier this year . in addition to that ruling , judge ronald coen also lowered knight 's bail to $ 10 million from $ 25 million , a figure that defense lawyers called excessive . the judge also dismissed one of the two counts of hit-and-run against knight . in all , knight will stand trial on one count of murder , one count of attempted murder and one count of hit-and-run , the judge ruled after holding a two-day preliminary hearing this week that ended thursday . knight , 49 , faces up to life in prison if convicted . knight suffers diabetes and blot clots , and the case has clearly strained him : he collapsed in court last month after learning of the $ 25 million bail and he was taken to the hospital for treatment . knight was in court thursday . at the end of hearing , he turned around and looked at his family in the gallery , and he smiled to his fiancee as deputies led him handcuffed out of the courtroom . in a press conference after the hearing , fiancee toi kelly said regarding knight 's health that he is `` doing much better . '' the judge dismissed the other hit-and-run count because california law says no more than one charge of hit-and-run should be brought against a defendant when the same weapon , in this case the vehicle knight was driving , is used against several people . knight is accused of running over two men , killing one of them , during an argument . killed was terry carter , 55 . the survivor is cle sloan , 51 , who in testimony this week declined to identify knight as his attacker because sloan does n't want to be a `` snitch '' who sends knight to prison , according to cnn affiliates kabc and ktla . prosecutors offered sloan immunity , but he still refused to testify against knight on monday , the affiliates reported . the deadly incident happened on january 29 , after a flare-up on the set of the biopic `` straight outta compton , '' a film about the highly influential and controversial rap group n.w.a . the alleged argument spilled over to the parking lot of tam 's burgers in compton . at the time , knight was out on bail in a separate robbery case . the hit-and-run was captured on videotape and allegedly shows knight inside a red truck . in the video , the truck pulls into the entrance of the compton restaurant , and he is then approached by sloan , who was working security on the site . the two men appear to talk for a few moments , with knight still in his vehicle . suddenly , the vehicle backs up , knocking sloan to the ground . while still in reverse , the truck moves out of range of the security camera . the vehicle is then seen zooming forward , back into camera range , running over sloan a second time , and then running over a second man , carter , a former rap music label owner . carter later died . in closing arguments prior to the judge 's ruling , knight 's attorney matthew fletcher argued that knight was the victim . knight was only defending himself against sloan , whom the defense attorney accused of possessing a gun at the time . `` mr. sloan is the initial and consistent aggressor , '' knight 's attorney argued . `` there 's no intent to kill , there 's an intent to survive . '' `` even without a gun , we know mr. sloan was brave enough to attack in broad daylight , '' the defense attorney said . fletcher added that knight 's defense was to stand his ground . sloan `` needed immunity because he was the actual aggressor , '' fletcher said . `` he is the person who got terry ( carter ) killed . '' los angeles county deputy district attorney cynthia barnes argued , however , told the judge that knight was engaged in `` mutual combat situation '' where he used his car as deadly weapon . if knight `` ever had the right of self-defense , the moment he backed-up and mr. sloan was ran-over , he lost the right of self-defense , '' barnes said . `` there was pre-mediation and intent when he ( knight ) ran over him a second time . '' knight is scheduled to be arraigned on april 30 . the incident is the latest run-in with the law for knight , who founded the wildly successful death row records in 1991 and signed artists such as snoop doggy dogg ( now known as snoop lion ) and tupac shakur . knight was driving the car in which shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in las vegas in 1996 . shortly afterward , knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions . that prison time -- along with shakur 's death , feuds between knight and a number of rappers , and desertions by dr. dre , snoop and others -- contributed to the label 's bankruptcy in 2006 . in august , knight and two other people were shot while inside a celebrity-filled sunset strip party hosted by singer chris brown on the eve of the mtv video music awards .