( cnn ) police in india are putting aside their batons in favor of an overhead solution to angry and unruly crowds : pepper-spraying drones . yashasvi yadav , senior superintendent of police in lucknow , northern india , told cnn the city 's force has bought four drones and is in the process of purchasing one more . `` the drones have been tested in controlled conditions , '' he said . `` they have been very successful and will be used by the lucknow police whenever there are violent protests or mob attacks . '' the miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray ; each drone costs between $ 9,560 and $ 19,300 , yadav added . views on the new measure are mixed , with some concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech -- an already contentious issue in india . last month , the country failed to enforce a law that would allow authorities to arrest people who post offensive material on social media . others believe the country could learn from events further afield . some say this method of crowd control needs regulation too . questions have also been raised as to why the police are resorting to aggression . `` while i think it is bound to fail if not be another scam in the making , it also shows the mindset of the administration to not use dialogue and mediation to solve problems but use authoritarian and forceful methods , '' photojournalist chirag wakaskar in mumbai told cnn . `` what they could do is start by having video surveillance in sensitive areas and have swifter justice . '' protests are a common occurrence in india , a country with a population of 1.2 billion ; lucknow , the capital of the northern state of uttar pradesh , also used drone cameras to monitor crowds at a recent religious festival . as well as being used as a security measure in other cities including delhi and mumbai , the unmanned , airborne vehicles have been used in tiger hunts , disaster relief and criminal investigations -- and even pizza deliveries . reports suggest that the drone surveillance will be officially launched by the chief minister of lucknow , akhilesh yadav , later this month . kunal sehgal contributed to this report .