( cnn ) two transportation security administration screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men at denver international airport , denver police said . here 's how police say the scheme worked : when the male tsa officer noticed a man he found attractive , he would alert a female tsa officer . the female officer would then tell the screening machine that a female passenger -- not a male -- was walking through . and that information would trigger a machine to register an anomaly in the groin area , prompting the male tsa officer to pat down the passenger , police said , citing a tsa investigation . but during the patdown , the male tsa officer used the palms of his hands to touch the passenger 's front groin area and buttocks , which violates tsa policy . former tsa agent sentenced for recording coworker . all this came to light after an anonymous tip from a tsa employee in november . the agency launched an investigation , and investigator chris higgins monitored the two tsa officers in question , denver police said in a report . higgins watched the plan being carried out on february 9 . he interviewed the female tsa officer , who said she had done this with her colleague at least 10 other times , police said . both of the tsa officers investigated have been fired , tsa special agent charles stone told police . authorities did not release their names . giant security gap at airports : lack of criminal background checks . the tsa called the incident deplorable . `` these alleged acts are egregious and intolerable , '' the agency said in a written statement to cnn . `` all allegations of misconduct are thoroughly investigated by the agency . and when substantiated , employees are held accountable . '' but it 's unlikely criminal charges will be filed because there is no identifiable victim . the tsa said it has been trying to identify the passenger in the february incident but to no avail . the tsa said no passengers have come forward with similar cases so far at the denver airport . hidden cameras reveal airport workers stealing from luggage . cnn 's tony marco contributed to this report .