( cnn ) according to an outside review by columbia journalism school professors , `` ( a ) n institutional failure at rolling stone resulted in a deeply flawed article about a purported gang rape at the university of virginia . '' the columbia team concluded that `` the failure encompassed reporting , editing , editorial supervision and fact-checking . '' hardly a ringing endorsement of the editorial process at the publication . the magazine 's managing editor , will dana , wrote , `` we would like to apologize to our readers and to all of those who were damaged by our story and the ensuing fallout , including members of the phi kappa psi fraternity and uva administrators and students . '' brian stelter : fraternity to ' pursue all available legal action ' . the next question is : can uva , phi kappa psi or any of the other fraternities on campus sue for defamation ? the virginia supreme court said in jordan v. kollman that `` the elements of libel are ( 1 ) publication of ( 2 ) an actionable statement with ( 3 ) the requisite intent . '' `` actionable '' means the statement must be both false and defamatory . of course , the law of defamation must be balanced against the freedom of speech protected under not only the first amendment to the united states constitution , but also the virginia constitution . true statements can not be defamatory . neither can pure statements of opinion , because they theoretically can not be either true or false . but the rolling stone article certainly purported to be fact , and it apparently is not exactly what the law considers `` true . '' the individual members of the fraternity will likely be considered private individuals , and not public figures ; the latter have a harder time proving defamation . a private person suing for defamation must establish that the defendant has published a false factual statement that is about the person and that it also harms the person 's reputation . the private plaintiff also must show that the defendant knew that the statement was false , or believed it was true but lacked a reasonable basis , or acted negligently in checking the facts . at first blush , that sounds like it fits perfectly , right ? the columbia report may go a long way toward establishing at least a modicum of the required intent . but that 's only half the battle . there are strict rules about who can be a plaintiff in a defamation action like this . the identity of the aspiring plaintiff matters . first , let 's eliminate uva . the university is a public university , and therefore it is a governmental entity . the supreme court has been clear on the issue of libelous statements about the government : the government can not sue for defamation . there is no such cause of action in american jurisprudence . now the fraternities , starting with phi kappa psi . a fraternity is not an individual , but a group . a plaintiff in a defamation case must show that the statements were `` of or concerning '' the plaintiff . it sounds obvious , but if you 're going to say a statement hurt you , you have to prove the statement actually was about you to begin with . when the statements are about a group without naming an individual , it 's hard to say the statement is `` concerning '' the individual -- and groups generally can not sue . for example , you can be sued if you call a specific lawyer a thief , but that same person can not sue you if you simply call all lawyers thieves . defamatory statements about a group are therefore not actionable by the group 's individual members , for the most part . like all rules , however , there are exceptions . if the defamatory language is about `` a comparatively small group of persons and the defamatory part is easily imputed against all members of the small group , an individual member may sue . '' if i said , `` the 1980 philadelphia phillies infielders were a bunch of criminals '' ( they were n't ) , the individual players could sue , because that mean statement is clearly about certain persons -- if i said that -- which i did n't . phi kappa psi would likely argue that the `` small group '' exception fits it perfectly : even if the individual members were not identified by name , the defamatory story has been imputed directly to individual members , who have suffered by their association with the group . on the other hand , rolling stone 's lawyers would likely argue that the group is so large and fluid ( after all , the membership changes somewhat every year ) , that even though the fraternity 's reputation is tarnished , the members have suffered no individualized injury . as for the other fraternities on campus but not implicated in the story , that 's likely a group that moves from the small category to large , and the members of greek life generally will have a harder time bringing a lawsuit . lawyers will tell you that a libel suit is one of those things that citizens often threaten each other with on facebook , but that such cases are rarely actually filed . that 's because a plaintiff usually has to show some kind of financial harm . so if your aunt edna calls you a loser on twitter , you 're going to have to spend money on an expert to explain to a jury how that actually damaged you financially . and since most of the people who waste time threatening each other with defamation suits on facebook live in their moms ' basements and are `` between jobs , '' these are not the kind of people who have money or reputation to damage in the first place . the uva situation is not your run-of-the-mill defamation case . the university wo n't be able to sue , but if the members of the fraternity can get past some of the preliminary hurdles of a defamation claim , and they can make a tangible case for damages , then this could be one of those rare successful defamation cases .