( cnn ) she could stand on a strand of human hair , with room to spare . the microscopic polymer statue by south african sculptor jonty hurwitz , entitled trust , measured just 1/100th of a centimeter and had been called the `` smallest sculpture ever made . '' but the world 's tiniest woman suddenly disappeared to an unknown location , likely never to be seen again . while she was being photographed through an electron microscope -- the only way to view the minute creation -- trust vanished , with only a smudged fingerprint left behind by her photographer as a clue . after an hour long search , hurwitz and the photographer gave in : `` it was horror . i remember saying to him : ' you just destroyed or lost the smallest human form that was ever created in history , ' said hurwitz to cnn ones to watch . `` it was gone . '' but was it , really ? hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist who has applied the same tech wizardry to sculpture that he put into coding a finance site valued at over $ 500 million . the 45-year-old 's `` nano-sculptures '' are made from a mysterious resin -- `` a big scientific secret '' , says hurwitz -- and created through a process called `` two-photon lithography . '' hurwitz works with a team of nanotechnology engineers at karlsruhe university , who focus beams of ultraviolet light to `` zap '' solid the liquid resin , one 3d pixel at a time . the resulting sculptures -- he has also created a statue depicting the classical myth of cupid and psyche -- can lie on an ant 's head . put one into the eye of a needle , and it will barely occupy one corner . the `` nano '' project is just one of hurwitz ' science-inspired sculptural experiments . another one explores the properties of the mathematical constant pi , presenting an indecipherable , `` anamorphic '' physical sculpture , whose hidden form becomes clear only when reflected in a cylindrical mirror . and he hints that a forthcoming project will also be influenced by his love of the natural world , but will sit at the opposite end of the scale to his nano-models . hurwitz , who first made his name as the uk-based co-founder of controversial `` payday '' loans business wonga , says he makes visual art with a team , as in traditionally collaborative art forms , such as cinema . he discusses accumulating collaborators as an aggressive start-up accumulates new talent : `` i spent a huge amount of time scouring the world for amazing achievements of humanity and contact these people to work with them . for me the creation of an artwork these days is analogous to the creation of a film : for each piece there may 20 people involved , each one brilliant in their field . '' hurwitz makes no secret of his desire to bring together contemporary science and art -- delighting in the fact that his nano-scale and 3d printed pieces depend on cutting edge technology , and would have been unimaginable just 10 years ago . online , fans response has been overwhelming , he says , and the internet has become his exhibition space . it provides an `` epic scale '' that brick-and-mortar galleries ca n't match , he says , and estimates 13 million people have seen his sculptures since they hit the web in november last year . `` i love the buzz . i love the buzz when i launch a piece on the internet and on google analytics , you suddenly see society engaging ... millions and millions of people engaging . '' `` you put a few images on the internet and just watch society consume , engage and think . with comments and blogs and people saying ' it 's not art ' and people working out the science behind it and people complaining ... i just love that buzz ! i love influencing society . '' there 's also another side -- what hurwitz calls `` the traditional side of the geeky art world '' -- accusing him of being just an engineer rather than an artist . but he 's unapologetic : `` a lot of the artistic expression that i bring to the world represents the absolute current moment in human development . whether it 's 3d printing , technology or science , i love to represent the now . '' hurwitz says the creation of the physical artwork is `` just the beginning of its lifecycle . '' so what about the missing woman , whose lifecycle has tragically been cut short ? she came back to life during the filming of cnn ones to watch ( in the video above ) -- trust v.2 , her new name , has taken the absent dancer 's place . even still , there are some who think neither dancer was ever there . invisible to the naked eye , how can we trust this sculpture ever existed beyond the computer screen ? for hurwitz , this mystery gets right to the heart of nano-scale 's appeal : `` you 've got this ' emperor 's new clothes ' element to this end of the scale spectrum , because you look at these nano-sculptures and there 's nothing there , there 's an element of me going : ' this sculpture ... believe me , it 's there . ' `` at that scale , the sculpture does n't really exist , or our perception does n't allow us to perceive its existence . `` in a way , it challenges the whole idea of contemporary art , by asking : ' hang on , a piece of art you ca n't really see , is it really a piece of art ? ' ''