easley , south carolina ( cnn ) the cracker or the bite of ice cream -- brynn duncan still is n't sure which one sent her into anaphylactic shock that day . her food allergies change so frequently , keeping track is almost pointless . it was just another day with another massive allergic reaction . she can always tell when one is coming on . `` i just get this overwhelming sense of -- they call it impending doom . '' her labradoodle , moose , starts alerting , licking her hands frantically . `` i 'll feel like i 'm being stabbed in the stomach , and then it gets hard to breathe and my throat and tongue start swelling . and we have to treat it really fast . '' on that particular day in march , multiple epipens did n't slow the reaction . the paramedics who arrived to take brynn to greenville memorial hospital , or `` hotel greenville '' as she likes to call it , knew her well . when she asked for her security blanket , they knew to hand her her smartphone . `` new day , new crisis , '' brynn quips as she tells the story , as if it 's about her first day of college or a shopping trip gone wrong . it might as well be . when you 're allergic to life , a near-death experience is no big deal . less than a week after her trip to the hospital , brynn , 21 , is back at home in easley , south carolina . she lies on her back , her head near the foot of her bed , chattering away as her mom changes the access to her chest port . melissa duncan , a paralegal by day , dons a mask and surgical gloves before disinfecting the area around the tube that 's connected to brynn 's jugular vein . the disinfectant burns , and brynn 's blood pressure hits 150/102 . her heart rate rockets to 128 . `` the meds we have to give her to keep her alive , she reacts to , '' melissa says , shaking her head . `` never in a million years did i think i would be doing this . `` brynn was seemingly a normal kid -- until she was n't . yes , she was a fussy baby . yes , she got sick often as a child , melissa muses out loud -- but what kid does n't ? brynn was also incredibly energetic , always the center of attention . her father , barry , jokingly rues the day she learned to talk . she started taekwondo at the age of 9 and had her black belt by the time she was 11 . that was the same year doctors diagnosed brynn with ibs , or irritable bowel syndrome . `` she 's always been -- '' melissa duncan pauses . `` high maintenance ! '' brynn fills in with a laugh . it was n't until shortly before her 16th birthday in 2010 that brynn had her first serious allergic reaction . the next two years became a blur of sick days and doctors ' appointments . brynn saw specialist after specialist . the gastrointestinologist diagnosed her with gastroparesis , or partial paralysis of the stomach muscles . a cardiologist said she had pots , or postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome -- meaning that when she stood up for longer than a few minutes , her blood pressure dropped , leaving her light-headed and nauseated . a wake forest doctor diagnosed her with ehlers-danlos syndrome , a connective tissue disorder that causes fragile skin and overly flexible joints . after doing hours of research , melissa , barry and brynn came up with their own diagnosis : mast cell disease . they found a specialist online , dr. lawrence afrin , who at the time was working in charleston . they waited nearly nine months to see him , but hearing him confirm their suspicions was life-changing . scientists do n't know yet what causes mast cell disease . researchers have found mutations in mast cells that may cause the abnormal behavior , but the mutations vary from one patient to the next . because of this , scientists suspect the mutations are acquired early in life . but genetics may make some children more susceptible to developing the mutations . mast cells are the regulators of your immune system . they 're the ones that release histamine when a bug bites , or when you come into contact with an allergen . they basically sound the alarm that lets the rest of your immune system know something is wrong . until recently , the only mast cell disease doctors had identified was mastocytosis , which is characterized by `` abnormal proliferation and activation '' of the body 's mast cells -- meaning there are way too many and they act in strange ways . but in the last few years doctors such as afrin have started to recognize that there are many different layers to mast cell disease . for instance , brynn has mast cell activation syndrome , meaning her mast cells act strangely , but they 're not growing in number . `` it 's like i 'm living in a 24/7 allergic reaction , '' brynn explains simply . fruit , vegetables , milk , soy , nuts , smoke , perfume , the sun -- you name it , brynn is allergic to it . but it 's not really about the specifics ; the allergens change depending on how `` angry '' her mast cells are that day , she says . on good days , she can eat small amounts of plain meat or mashed potatoes . on bad days , even using her feeding tube causes her extreme pain . not everyone with mast cell activation syndrome has it as bad as brynn does . `` oh god , no , '' afrin says when asked . `` no , no , no , no . '' but mast cells are located in your connective tissue , including your skin and the lining of your stomach and intestine . they can affect every system in the body , afrin says , so the disease is capable of causing all the symptoms brynn experiences . you have to ask yourself , he says : `` is this poor patient so uniquely unlucky to have acquired so many different , independent problems ? or is it more likely that there is just one thing going on ? '' of course , having a diagnosis did n't make living with mast cell disease any easier . in 2012 , brynn was admitted to the hospital 30 times . she started having seizures and episodes of dystonia -- painful , violent muscle contractions that are `` scary to see and scary to experience . '' on multiple occasions , doctors have had to put casts on her legs to prevent her joints from bending in the wrong direction .