( cnn ) the stark video of a south carolina officer gunning down an apparently unarmed black man as he ran away with his back to police has prompted an equally fast-moving reaction by officials and the public alike . the video is being dissected frame by frame by authorities and media outlets , all in an effort to reconstruct what exactly happened between north charleston police officer michael slager , a five-year employee of that force , and walter scott , 50 . slager , 33 , was charged tuesday with first-degree murder after firing eight shots at scott , killing him . slager is also now `` terminated '' from the force , north charleston mayor keith summey said wednesday . added police chief eddie driggers on wednesday : `` i watched the video , and i was sickened by what i saw and i have not watched it since . '' both scott and slager had once served in the u.s. coast guard , with scott 's service occurring 1984-86 and slager 's 2003-09 . scott was a father of four . slager is a father to two stepchildren , and his wife is eight months ' pregnant . here 's what we know of the fatal shooting : slager pulled scott over at 9:33 a.m. saturday for a broken taillight , according to authorities . chief driggers described the incident as `` traffic stop of an individual who had a minor infraction on his vehicle , a brake light being out . '' a foot chase then occurred , a police report said . the video , taken by a passer-by , does n't show any vehicle . rather , slager and scott are on a path or roadway in a parklike setting bordered partly by a chain-link fence . the video was shot over and through the fence . `` the officer said that walter ran from the vehicle during the traffic stop , '' scott family attorney l. chris stewart said . according to the police report , scott did not comply with the officer 's demands . scott 's brother , anthony scott , said his brother had trouble with child support and had an outstanding warrant against him , but that his sibling was n't prone to violence . `` that very well could have been the reason ( for running from police ) , not to be arrested for the warrant that was on him for child support , '' anthony scott said . the video begins by showing a second or two of an apparent struggle between the officer and suspect . the officer contended he used a taser stun gun on scott and that scott tried to take that weapon , authorities said . but when anthony scott saw the video , he was convinced the officer lied , he told cnn . `` there was not a struggle for the taser , '' anthony scott said . `` i did n't believe my brother would have done that anyway . '' the video shows walter scott running away , with his back to the officer . as he does so , two objects fall . one falls behind the officer . and the other falls between the two men . to anthony scott , the videotape shows his brother was `` running for his life '' away from the officer to escape more of the taser . `` i think my brother was thinking he was not going to be shot . no one would have thought that , '' scott said . as walter scott runs away , the officer pulls his service pistol and fires eight times , the video shows . as the shots are being fired , scott keeps running away from the officer , the video shows . scott then falls . later in the video , when the officer approaches scott 's body , he drops a dark object next to the man . it 's not clear whether it is the taser . it 's also unknown whether scott took the officer 's taser , or whether the officer picked the object up and moved it closer to the body . immediately after scott was shot , according to the video , someone yells , `` put your hands behind your back ! '' scott , motionless and face-down on the ground , is handcuffed . it was slager who apparently called police dispatch . `` 226 to dispatch , shots fired , subject is down . he grabbed my taser , '' slager told the dispatcher , according to a transcript provide by broadcastify.com . the dispatcher notes that the subject is down at 9:38 a.m. , according to the transcript . about 90 seconds after saying that scott `` grabbed '' his taser , the officer describes scott as unresponsive and having wounds to the chest , right thigh and buttocks , according to the transcript . the location of the shooting is behind a pawn shop , the officer tells the dispatcher . a police report identified that shop as mega pawn . according to cnn affiliate wciv-tv in charleston , slager initially said through his attorney , david aylor , that he followed the appropriate policies and procedures . however , aylor later told cnn that he was no longer representing the officer . `` today , i withdrew my representation of michael slager . this is a terrible tragedy that has impacted our community , '' aylor said in a statement . later , anthony scott 's mother calls him and says his brother was tasered at a traffic stop . anthony scott goes to the scene and finds it curious to see police tape around his brother 's vehicle and the officer 's vehicle . he asks officers what happened . no one replies . then anthony scott 's nephew tells him that `` my brother is gone , '' anthony scott said . `` and at that , i lost it , '' anthony scott said . an officer also apprises him later of what happened . anthony scott is shown the video for the first time on sunday . `` my reaction to it was that we have to get ahold of the video and that this was key evidence , key evidence in the case , '' anthony scott said . `` we had to get it . the country had to see this . '' he felt `` a little bit of anger and happy at the same time , '' the brother said . `` based on what the video was showing , it was discrediting what the officer had initially stated , '' anthony scott said . the nation did indeed see the video -- and was stunned by its revelations . authorities saw it , too . slager was denied bail at a bond hearing tuesday night , wciv reported . `` i have two stepchildren and one on the way , '' slager told a magistrate through video conferencing . if found guilty of murder , slager could face up to life in prison or death . the city of north charleston will continue to cover the insurance for the pregnancy of slager 's wife , the mayor said . an autopsy on scott , performed sunday , `` revealed that mr. scott sustained multiple gunshot wounds to the back of his body and the manner of death was ruled ' homicide , ' `` charleston county coroner rae h. wooten said wednesday . anthony scott said wednesday that his brother was `` shot in the back four times . '' the autopsy findings support family 's claims that the police used excessive use -- even if the video never existed , anthony scott said . `` eventually we would have gotten to this point , but not this fast , '' anthony scott said . `` there is absolutely no way to cover that up , '' he added about the gunshot wounds to the back . north charleston police are n't involved in the investigation into the shooting and have turned the matter over to the south carolina law enforcement division . the fbi is also investigating . anthony scott and family attorney stewart believe the object that officer slager relocated at the crime scene is the taser , they said . stewart also accused the officer of trying to plant evidence by moving the taser and placing it close to walter scott 's body . a slow-motion analysis of the tape , along with highlights of key moments , supports the family 's step-by-step interpretation of the officer 's actions , including the handling of the taser , the attorney alleged . `` he drops the taser , kills mr. scott , walks all the way back , picks something up off the ground from where he was taking the shots , comes back to the body , waits a second , drops it on the ground , and then pretends to be recovering it and putting it back on his holster , '' stewart said , referring to the taser . `` why we believe that is because it fits in line with his initial report of what happened out there . i mean he just committed a murder . he needed something , a justifiable reason to use lethal force , and that 's the only thing he could think of , '' stewart said . neither officer slager or his attorney could be reached for comment wednesday . authorities are n't commenting on the details of the case while it 's under investigation . cnn 's ashley fantz , holly yan , ryan scallan , tristan smith , martin savidge , dana ford , sam stringer , randi kaye , chandler friedman , evan perez , don lemon , steve brusk , john newsome , tony marco and christie bear contributed to this report .