( cnn ) iran will sign a final nuclear agreement only if economic sanctions against the nation are removed on the first day of the deal 's implementation , president hassan rouhani said thursday . ayatollah ali khamenei , the islamic republic 's supreme leader , meanwhile , told state-run media outlets he is neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it is n't final , and he 's not certain it will become binding because he has `` never been optimistic about negotiations with the u.s . '' six world powers and iran reached a preliminary deal last week that aims to limit tehran 's nuclear program in exchange for lifting economic sanctions . the united states , however , has stressed that if a final deal is reached with iran , the removal of any sanctions will come in phases . but work on the agreement is n't finished . negotiators from iran and the united states , china , germany , france , britain and russia have until june 30 to come up with a final deal . khamenei said he supports the negotiators , but in several not-so-subtle shots at the united states , noted it is too soon to celebrate the proposed deal . `` everything lies in the details , '' khamenei said in a thursday address , according to press tv . `` the other side , which is known for backpedaling on its commitments , may want to corner our country when it comes to the specifics . '' what has been hashed out so far is no guarantee that the deal will become final , he said , and according to the islamic republic news agency , the leader said he ca n't support or oppose the deal , especially when it 's possible `` the other disloyal party intends to limit our country . '' some have asked why khamenei has n't taken a position on the talks , and the reason is simple , he said , according to irna : `` there is no need to take a position . officials say nothing has been done yet and that nothing is binding . i am neither in favor nor against it . '' any final deal must `` ensure the interests and dignity of the ( iranian ) nation , '' he said , adding he will support an agreement that `` will safeguard national interests and dignity . '' he said he 'd rather see the agreement fail than make a deal that jeopardizes iran 's interests . `` what has happened so far will neither guarantee the agreement itself nor its content . it will not even guarantee completion of the negotiations . therefore , it is meaningless to congratulate me or others about it , '' he said . rouhani said his government would not surrender to bullying , sanctions and threats , according to press tv . `` we will not sign any deal unless on the very first day of its implementation all economic sanctions against iran are lifted all at once , '' rouhani said at a ceremony to mark national nuclear technology day in tehran . president barack obama faces an uphill battle selling the deal to a skeptical congress , which has threatened to impose new sanctions on iran . u.s. energy secretary ernest moniz , a nuclear physicist and negotiator with iran , estimated it would take six months after a final deal is signed for the sanctions to be lifted . he told cnn 's christiane amanpour that it was a `` ballpark '' figure contingent on a lot of work the iranians will have to do beforehand . `` the core nuclear provisions must be satisfied ... the provisions that give us our confidence , '' moniz said . he said it 's in the `` hands of the iranians '' to fulfill steps such as reducing stockpiles and lowering the number of operating centrifuges . `` it will depend on their ability to execute those moves , '' moniz said . asked if the iranians were aware of that time frame during the negotiations -- before rouhani called for the immediate lifting of sanctions -- moniz said , `` oh , yes , for sure . '' the no . 3 house republican leader said a bill to ease any sanctions does not stand much of a chance in the u.s. house of representatives or senate . `` the sanctions that were put in place -- again , very bipartisan sanctions passed by congress years ago that were effective -- the only way to get rid of them completely would be for congress to vote to ease those sanctions , '' rep. steve scalise of louisiana said in a radio interview with wwl in new orleans on wednesday . `` we have n't had that vote . i do n't see that passing out of the house . i do n't even think it would pass out of the senate right now . '' diplomats announced last week that they 'd come up with the framework for an agreement after a marathon stretch of late-night negotiations in lausanne , switzerland . the framework includes the easing of u.s. and u.n. sanctions on iran if it takes certain steps to curb its nuclear program . iran would reduce its stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98 % for 15 years and significantly scale back its number of installed centrifuges , according to the plan . in exchange , the united states and the european union would lift sanctions that have crippled the country 's economy . `` it is a good deal , a deal that meets our core objectives , '' obama said after it was announced april 2 . `` this framework would cut off every pathway that iran could take to develop a nuclear weapon . '' it would include strict verification measures to make sure iran complies , he said . the united states and iran have a long history of strained relations , which made the negotiations more significant . just two years ago , the two countries had not talked with each other officially in nearly four decades . cnn 's eliott c. mclaughlin , christine theodorou and catherine e. shoichet contributed to this report .