tulsa , oklahoma ( cnn ) amid growing scrutiny over whether a 73-year-old volunteer deputy who killed a suspect during a sting operation was qualified to be policing the streets , a new report raises a troubling allegation . some supervisors at the tulsa county sheriff 's office were told to forge reserve deputy robert bates ' training records , and three who refused were reassigned to less desirable duties , the tulsa world newspaper reported . claims that the volunteer deputy 's records had been falsified emerged `` almost immediately '' from multiple sources after bates killed eric harris on april 2 , reporter dylan goforth said . bates claims he meant to use his taser but accidentally fired his handgun at harris instead . the newspaper 's story does not say who allegedly asked the supervisors to falsify the training records or why . but the orders apparently started years ago , before harris ' death , `` back when ( bates ) was trying to get on as a deputy , '' reporter ziva branstetter told cnn 's `` new day . '' the sheriff 's office denied the allegations in the tulsa world 's report . it also declined a cnn interview to respond to the claims . in an email to cnn , the department 's maj. shannon clark said the lack of named sources in the newspaper 's report leaves him dubious . `` just keep in mind that the tulsa world reporter can not validate her sources and claims anonymity , which leaves us skeptical that her claims are unsubstantiated and deceptive , '' clark wrote . clark brewster , an attorney who represents bates , said the accusations are based on an affidavit from a former sheriff 's office employee who 's now facing a first-degree murder charge . `` i do n't put a lot of stock in that report or the credibility of who would further that report , '' brewster said . shooting casts spotlight on volunteer police programs . sheriff stanley glanz and other sheriff 's officials have repeatedly insisted bates was properly trained . the tulsa county sheriff 's office has released a summary of bates ' training courses only over the past seven years . the office rejected cnn 's request for the full training records because bates ' case is under investigation . branstetter said she 's run into similar obstacles when asking for the names of supervisors who 'd signed off on bates ' training records . `` you would think the sheriff 's office , if in fact there has been no pressure applied , no falsification of records , that they would be forthcoming with these documents , '' she told cnn 's `` new day . '' `` we 've asked for them . they 've said they do n't believe they 're public records . '' bates was classified as an advanced reserve deputy for the sheriff 's office . that means he would have had to complete 480 hours of the field training officer program to maintain that classification , the paper said . bates would also have needed firearms certification training . but the sheriff himself has acknowledged there is a problem with bates ' gun certification records -- his office ca n't find them . `` bob went out and qualified with three different weapons with an instructor , '' glanz told kfaq radio this week . he said bates `` qualified with a young lady that was a firearms instructor . '' but she is no longer there . `` she has left the sheriff 's office and is now a secret service agent , '' glanz told kfaq . `` and we 're trying to get a hold of her and talk to her about ... we ca n't find the records that she supposedly turned in . so we 're going to talk to her and find out if for sure he did qualify with those . '' opinion : who gave this reserve cop a gun ? even before the tulsa world story , inconsistencies were apparent in bates ' history with the sheriff 's office . in his statement to investigators , bates said he `` became an advanced tcso reserve deputy in 2007 . '' but the tulsa county sheriff 's office has said bates had been a reserve deputy since 2008 . it also said bates had undergone 300 hours of training . that would be less than the 480 hours of field training that the tulsa world said is required to be an `` advanced '' reserve deputy , which bates claimed to be . in a statement he made to investigators after the shooting , bates said the gun he used was his personal weapon , adding that he last qualified at the range in autumn . he also said he 'd attended `` numerous schools and seminars related to drug investigations and the tactical operations associated with the apprehension of suspects involved in drug trafficking , '' a five-day homicide investigation school in dallas and training from arizona 's maricopa county sheriff 's office on responding to active shooters . but an arizona official told cnn bates never trained with the agency . `` he did n't come to arizona , '' the official from the maricopa county sheriff 's office said , `` and he certainly did n't train with us . '' brewster said that line in bates ' statement was referring to a lecture given at a seminar in washington by maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio . the seminar was part of extensive training bates received at classes across the country and through work in the field , he said . `` he met every training regimen , '' brewster said . `` he met every requirement , and all he did was give of himself . '' bates is now charged with second-degree manslaughter for harris ' death . he turned himself in to authorities tuesday and immediately posted bail of $ 25,000 . his attorney has said he 's not guilty , calling the death an `` excusable homicide . '' the lawyer for harris ' family claims bates was n't qualified to be on the force , but received preferential treatment because he 'd made donations to the agency and was a friend of the sheriff -- an accusation officials deny , saying they stand by his training record . tulsa police sgt . jim clark , who has been brought in to review the case , has said bates fell `` victim '' to something called `` slip and capture , '' a term to describe a high-stress situation in which a person intends to do one thing and instead does something else . it 's a controversial claim that has n't convinced critics of the department , and calls for an independent investigation into the sheriff 's office and the case are growing . earlier this week , the office spokesman rejected any idea of outside investigators into the shooting . `` we 're not scared to prosecute our own . ... there 's nobody in this culture that can be tougher on cops than their own , '' clark said . `` you know that analogy that you 'll eat your young ? you know , that 's the same thing in law enforcement . if we have a dirty cop in our ranks , we will disclose them much quicker than the media . '' a spokesman for oklahoma attorney general scott pruitt said his office is concerned about allegations reported in the media about the case `` and will continue to monitor and assess what appropriate measures , if any , are warranted . '' glanz has stated publicly that he 's reached out to the regional office of the fbi to look into the shooting . special agent terry b. weber told cnn there 's no open fbi investigation into the case . how easy is it to confuse a gun for a taser ? cnn 's ed lavandera reported from tulsa . cnn 's holly yan and catherine e. shoichet reported from atlanta . cnn 's dave alsup and jason morris contributed to this report .