surkhet , nepal ( cnn ) ten years ago , with her high school diploma and a backpack , maggie doyne left her new jersey hometown to travel the world before college . she lived in a buddhist monastery , helped rebuild a sea wall in fiji , then went to india and worked with nepalese refugees . there , she met a young girl who wanted to find her family in nepal . doyne went with her . that 's when doyne 's life took an unexpected turn . do you know a hero ? nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015 . a decade-long civil war had just ended in the country , and doyne witnessed its effects firsthand . she met women and children who were suffering , struggling to survive . `` it changed me , '' said doyne , now 28 . `` there were children with mallets that would go into the riverbed , pick up a big stone and break it into little , little pieces ( to sell ) . and they were doing that all day , every day . '' doyne called her parents and asked them to wire her the $ 5,000 she had earned babysitting . in 2006 , she purchased land in surkhet , a district in western nepal . she worked for two years with the local community to build the kopila valley children 's home . today , kopila -- which means `` flower bud '' in nepali -- is home to about 50 children , from infants to teenagers . doyne started the blinknow foundation to support and grow her efforts . in 2010 , the group opened its kopila valley school , which today educates more than 350 students . doyne lives in nepal year-round , traveling to the u.s. a few times a year . see more cnn heroes . the cnn heroes team traveled to surkhet and talked to doyne about her work and the community she supports . below is an edited version of their conversation . cnn : how does it work , raising nearly 50 kids ? maggie doyne : it 's communal living , for sure ! we 're a family of almost 50 kids ages 8 months to 16 years . everybody just pitches in and helps each other . they all have their chores . they all have their duties . and everybody cooks the meals together and makes sure that they do their part to make the home run smoothly . the staff at the home , we call them the aunties and the uncles . we wake up in the morning and go off to school . and then come home and do homework and eat our meals together , and everybody goes to bed at night . cnn : how does a child come to live in your home ? doyne : our first priority as an organization is to keep a child with their family if at all possible . in order to come into the home , you need to have lost both parents , or in some rare cases have suffered extreme neglect , abuse or have a parent who 's incarcerated . we have to conduct a full investigation . so usually that involves going to the child 's village , making calls , doing police checks , getting documentation and paperwork . we have to dig up birth certificates , death certificates , make sure that everything lines up the way that they say it does . cnn : meanwhile , you have 350 children attending your school . what is their background ? doyne : every single year we 'll get from 1,000 to 1,500 applicants . and we choose the ones who are the most needful and really wo n't be in school without us . most of them live in one room , a mud hut . a lot of them are just in survival mode . we try to relieve the burden from the family , so that the child has food , medical care , books , zero fees for education . cnn : what have you learned working with the local community in nepal ? doyne : i learned very early on , from the beginning , that i could n't come in and just be like , `` here , i have a vision . this is what we 're going to do . '' that does n't work . it has to be slow ; it has to be organic . and it has to come from the community and be a `` we '' thing . it 's really important to me that this is a nepali project , working for nepal , for the community . so the faces that you see are strong nepali women and amazing nepali role-model men . cnn : how does the project continue to grow ? doyne : we started with the home and then school . we run the school lunch program . then we needed to keep our kids really healthy , so we started a small clinic and then a counseling center . from there we started getting more sustainable and growing our own food . and then from there we decided to start a women 's center . we just bought a new piece of property to create a totally green and sustainable off-the-grid campus . this year we converted to solar energy . so we 'll have a high school and then a day care , preschool , elementary , all the way up , and a vocational center where kids can become a thriving young adult with everything they need to succeed moving forward . it 's become so much more than just a little girl with a backpack and a big dream . it 's become a community . and i want to teach and have other people take this example and hope this sets a precedent for what our world can be and look like . want to get involved ? check out the blinknow foundation website at www.blinknow.org and see how to help .