( cnn ) after more than nine years of traveling through the solar system , nasa 's new horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of pluto . the initial picture released on tuesday shows a couple of orange-tinged blobs : pluto and its largest moon , charon . but the probe will soon be beaming back much sharper images and a wealth of other information about pluto 's remote , unexplored corner of the solar system . `` this is pure exploration ; we 're going to turn points of light into a planet and a system of moons before your eyes , '' said alan stern , new horizons ' principal investigator . launched in 2006 , new horizons is nearing the crucial point in its epic voyage of more than 3 billion miles . the probe is due to make its closest approach to pluto on july 14 . `` in an unprecedented flyby this july , our knowledge of what the pluto system is really like will expand exponentially , and i have no doubt there will be exciting discoveries , '' said john grunsfeld , an astronaut and associate administrator of the nasa science mission directorate . discovered in 1930 , pluto was once considered to be the smallest planet in the solar system . but scientists have since revised that view because of pluto 's size and location , demoting it to the status of `` dwarf planet '' : a planet that 's too small to clear other objects out of its way . pluto is 1,400 miles wide , roughly half the width of the continental united states . at 3.6 billion miles out in the solar system , it 's about 40 times as far from the sun as earth is . by discovering more about pluto and its moons , new horizons will shed light on a little-known third zone of the solar system , beyond the rocky planets and the gas giants . the area , known as the kuiper belt , contains `` mysterious small planets and planetary building blocks , '' according to nasa . it 's known for producing comets , such as halley 's comet , which orbits the sun about every 75 years . new horizons will use its array of cameras and other instruments to study pluto 's surface and atmosphere , as well as its moons , which number at least five . it will also be on the lookout for rings and other satellites . stern said the spacecraft 's encounter was set to be `` an exploration bonanza unparalleled in anticipation since the storied missions of voyager in the 1980s . ''