( cnn ) we did it again , in another american city . we set baltimore on fire this time . we brutalized black bodies . we turned a funeral into a riot . we let things get out of hand . we looted . we threw stones at policemen . we threw stones at citizens . we created camera-ready chaos , and we replayed the images . we created a culture of such deep distrust and disrespect that violence seemed the inevitable response . we let the violence flow . we let the violence stand for everything that 's wrong with the things we already did n't like . by now you may be asking , `` who 's we ? '' you may be saying with some irritation , `` do n't lump me in with them . i did n't have anything to do with it . '' to which the only real answer can be : stop kidding yourself . the word `` we '' is one of the great american words . we the people . yes we can . we are family . i use `` we '' a lot when i talk about our country 's achievements . i like to say we won the second world war , we put a man on the moon , we invented the internet , we gave the world jazz . well , if i -- a son of immigrants whose family had nothing to do with any of those accomplishments -- if i get to claim those aspects of american history , then surely i have to claim the unsavory aspects too . `` we '' cuts both ways . we enslaved africans . we cut reconstruction short and made a mockery of equal citizenship . we supported jim crow , then redlined , subordinated , and ghettoized african-americans . we cut blacks out of the new deal . we created a polity in which racial inequity and economic inequality magnify each other unrelentingly . we tried to put a lid on it with heavy policing and a war on drugs . we failed . we are the authors of every page of baltimore 's story . do n't tell me it 's not your responsibility or mine . about how slavery and its legacy are artifacts of a time past . someone else 's problem . no , we own them all . and we all have to face that before we can fix anything in baltimore or beyond . but there 's another dimension of the story of `` we '' that matters as well . it 's about progressives and conservatives and their competing stories of how we got here . every time protests and violence break out in response to police brutality , the same depressing pattern breaks out . the event becomes simply a rorschach test for left and right , and each side sees in the rioting confirmation of its prior views . for the left , it 's about the deep structural root causes of the alienation and violence . liberals gravitate on social media to commentaries or reactions that reinforce this frame , like the surprisingly astute comments from the baltimore orioles executive who spelled out why a long history of racial injustice and economic disenfranchisement made rioting nearly inevitable . conservatives gravitate to their own frames , about a lack of personal responsibility or role models among poor urban blacks , about the failures of great society and democratic programs , and about how it all comes back to a president ( who happens to be black ) who has divided us by focusing so much on race . what gets lost in this groundhog day replay of left-right frames is a simple reality that we all have to recognize : both longstanding structural racism and personal irresponsibility are on display this week . both a history of police brutality and a present crisis of street violence . both an inherited , multigenerational lack of opportunity and a dearth of leaders willing to address it . we can not separate out the aspects of the problem that do n't fit our preferred explanation -- not if we are sincere about solving the problem . and until more people can see this , we will not see progress . we ca n't judge looters for their antisocial behavior without judging a color-caste structure and a school-to-prison pipeline that has flushed them away like so much refuse . by the same token , we ca n't keep opining about root causes without also supporting the parents and pastors and neighbors who , in their own small ways , are organizing each other to break the cycle of brokenness . i 'm of the left . but it can not possibly be that only those with whom i disagree are responsible for what is happening in baltimore . it can not possibly be that only my worldview contains all the solutions . whatever our political perspective , we need to open our eyes to what is actually happening in baltimore and other cities in the united states in the second decade of the 21st century . it is an abomination . we should all be able to say that . it 's time to push each other out of our ideological and identity comfort zones and build unlikely coalitions to create more opportunity . it 's time to act like we are all in charge . because we are . and there is no other `` we '' waiting in the wings .