( cnn ) countries around the world have launched massive aid operations to help victims of the nepal earthquake , but distribution of aid faces challenges as nepal is still trying to come to terms with the scale of the disaster . with over 4,400 dead , 8,000 injured and 8 million people across nepal affected , numerous aid groups and at least 16 nations have rushed to send supplies and workers to the stricken country . but now the nepalese government and army who are leading the disaster response face another problem : how to effectively coordinate and organize the massive influx of humanitarian aid . here are three major obstacles that are hampering efforts of distribution . nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid . relief organizations say the tarmac at tribhuvan international airport remains jam-packed with a large number of cargo planes . several aircraft carrying essential supplies have been turned away , or diverted to india and elsewhere . `` the airport is totally congested . even the planes which have landed , goods have n't been offloaded , '' jagan chapagain , the asia pacific director of the ifrc ( international federations of red cross and red crescent societies ) told cnn . flightradar24 , a live air traffic monitor , shows that incoming flights have had to circle in the air several times before being able to land . the united nations disaster assessment and coordination ( undac ) team who is on the ground coordinating international relief efforts says they are doing all they can to address the problem . `` there are lots of flights arriving from around the world for search and rescue , and that 's the challenge we 're trying to address by supporting the airport staff directly , '' said marcus werne , a undac team leader . but chapagain says that airport management is still chaotic , with staff and military not being able to clear runways and offload supplies effectively . according to a u.n. situation report , main roads in kathmandu are open , but remote areas are largely inaccessible . `` due to the mountainous geography , infrastructure damage , collapsed bridges and damaged roads , access to many of the affected areas is reported to be extremely limited , '' read the report . the nepalese government has not been able to provide relief to all affected areas due to difficulties in transporting goods , a government official told cnn . `` the helicopters are small . they do n't fly in windy and cloudy conditions . given nepal 's geographical terrain we can not use surface transport much but we are using it , '' said sagar mani parajuli , the joint secretary for nepal 's home ministry . the situation has deteriorated to the point where relief workers are as good as stranded . pirtha raj joshi , a disaster management officer for nepal red cross , had to walk 10 hours to reach a office in one of the severely affected districts , said chapagain . initial reports from the ifrc say that over 36,000 houses have been totally destroyed , with the number expected to rise as teams arriving in severely affected areas continue to assess damages . just two days after the earthquake struck , nepalese authorities leading the response are still trying to fully understand which areas have been affected , how they are affected and what the priorities are . `` typically what we see , also in other emergencies , is that it takes a few days for supply lines , distribution lines to stabilize , '' undac 's werne told cnn . `` right now we 're working with a lot of secondary data , and working on some of the key vulnerable areas identified prior to the earthquake , '' he added . the operation to get aid to survivors in nepal is still `` very ad hoc '' and it will be a few days before the distribution becomes organized because the government is still constrained by the scale of the disaster , says chapagain . cnn 's manesh shrestha in kathmandu , and bex wright and jethro mullen in hong kong , contributed to this report .