hong kong ( cnn ) when she was growing up , mui thomas , wanted to be a fashion model -- not an unusual aspiration for a young girl . but mui suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection . `` i really do n't think i knew that i did n't look like everybody else , '' she says . she was born with harlequin ichthyosis , which means her skin is extremely thick , dry and flaky -- resembling fish scales . she ca n't sweat but she can shed tears . on the day we speak , her appearance raises few eyebrows at her local starbucks in sai kung -- she 's a familiar and well-known presence in the waterfront hong kong town where she grew up . mui 's struggle to come to terms with her condition and other people 's reactions to it has , at times , left her on the brink of suicide . but , now 22 , she refuses to let it get in the way of her life -- she has a full-time job , plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker -- educating and inspiring others about the challenges of looking `` visibly different . '' after she was abandoned at birth , long-time hong kong expats tina and rog thomas began fostering mui , when she was just one and a half years old . they were told she did n't have long to live . `` we wanted to give her a family life in the time she had , '' says tina . however , mui began to thrive in a loving family environment and tina and rog formally adopted mui when she was three years old . together they gradually learned how to manage her skin condition . each day she bathes twice , ideally for two hours each time , and everywhere she goes she carries a backpack with three or four tubs of cream that she must apply throughout the day to stop her skin from drying out . she 's thought to be the fourth oldest person alive with harlequin ichthyosis . the oldest is 31 . but while mui 's unusual appearance made little difference during her early years , that changed when she started secondary school . the school she attended required that she be accompanied by a educational assistant , which put up a barrier between her and the other children and made it difficult for her to make friends . things got worse when she became a victim of cyberbullying . she began to deny her appearance , stopped bathing , taking her medication and applying the cream . at times , she considered jumping from the balcony of her home . `` they 'd say things like ' you should n't have been born ' -- and very personal things that only people who knew me would know , '' she says . `` it made me very wary of everybody . even when people tried to be nice , i did n't repay it . i did n't trust them . '' the worst episode lasted for 10 months and only stopped after police became involved and found the bully -- someone whom mui thought was her friend . mui left school with no qualifications . she says the school did n't push her to study and made too many allowances for her skin disorder . `` i still wish i had got a very hard kick up the backside from the teachers when i was n't doing work , '' says mui . since leaving school , mui has found a full-time job working with people with special needs and at weekends can be found running around a rugby pitch with a whistle -- she 's a referee for kids ' matches . along with her parents , she 's also begun speaking about her experiences of living with a `` visible difference '' and cyberbullying at schools around hong kong . her father has also written a family memoir called `` the girl behind the face . '' many have found her story inspirational -- a real life version of the young adult novel `` wonder '' by r.j. palacio about a young boy with a deformed face who enters middle school . on saturday , she will graduate from school assemblies and speak in front of a paying audience at a tedx talk in the city . her father is both protective and proud . he thinks public speaking will help mui come to terms with her condition but he 's also wary that she could be portrayed as a `` modern freak show . '' `` it 's difficult for her because she spent so long denying it . the more she confronts it , the more she is aware of it -- it will build confidence , '' he says . there 's even talk she might take part in a fashion show for people with visible difference , realizing a childhood dream . in person , mui comes across as articulate , poised and confident -- something her mom says comes out of spending so much time with adults while growing up -- and it 's easy to see how she could command an audience of hundreds . but after two hours of chatting in a coffee shop , she 's a little bored and keen to get back to her job . she flings her backpack over her shoulder and dashes off into hong kong 's crowded streets .