atlanta ( cnn ) it was a scene worthy of any top cop show on tv -- bullets flying , banged-up cars and the fbi chasing an armed robbery suspect . in the end , two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured . fbi agents and task force officers were following 36-year-old kevone charleston of austell , georgia , as he pulled into a cvs pharmacy in forsyth county , georgia , early saturday . charleston is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to november 2013 , according to fbi officials . `` the incident all happened around 7 o'clock saturday morning , '' said fbi special agent stephen emmett . `` there were multiple agents and officers that were following him based on his prior mo , and when they saw he was about to rob another cvs , they moved in . '' authorities say charleston parked his vehicle nearby and then popped the hood as if there were something wrong . then he walked to the cvs , preparing to enter . when agents confronted him , charleston ran , got in his car and traveled about 75 yards as agents opened fire . `` there were several fbi vehicles that were rammed or were hit by the suspect 's vehicle when he was trying to flee . one government vehicle sustained heavy damage to its front and side , and another government suv ended up on its side . that 's how the two agents sustained their injuries , '' emmett said . twelve fbi agents and six government vehicles followed charleston . emmett said charleston `` was trying to get away , our agents were trying to stop him . he collided with the first government vehicle , the taurus , then the second , and the suv ended on its side . `` the perp was stopped 8 feet away in the median , and that 's where he received his gunshot wounds . '' the two agents were treated at an area hospital and released , according to emmett , who says `` they are fine . '' charleston was shot and wounded by fbi agents and task force officers , but his injuries are not life threatening , according to forsyth county sheriff 's deputy robin regan . although he declined to give details of the 32 previous robberies , emmett said it was an intensive investigation that was already underway as a priority for the fbi 's violent crimes and major offender squad . he added , `` his mo involved armed confrontations , so our officers went into this fully prepared for an armed confrontation based on his past history . '' emmett says he 's relieved that the fbi 's officers and agents are ok and that the suspect is in custody . he said it was the `` conclusion of an intensive and lengthy investigation . '' cnn 's vivian kuo and ryan scallan contributed to this report .