( cnn ) kim bok-dong is 89 now , and is going blind and deaf . she knows her health is fading , and she can no longer walk unassisted . but her eyes burn bright with a passion borne of redressing her suffering of a lifetime ago . she enters a meeting of tokyo foreign correspondents in a wheelchair , visibly exhausted after a flight from seoul and days of interviews and meetings . the nightmares from five years as a sex slave of the japanese army , from 1940 onwards , are still crystal clear . kim is determined to share her story with anyone who will listen , until she 's no longer physically able . `` my only wish is to set the record straight about the past . before i die , '' kim says . kim was a 14-year-old girl when the japanese came to her village in korea . she says they told her she had no choice but to leave her home and family to support the war effort by working at a sewing factory . `` there was no option not to go , '' she recalls . `` if we did n't go , we 'd be considered traitors , '' instead of going to a sewing factory , kim says she ended up in japanese military brothels in half a dozen countries . along with about 30 other women , she says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl -- no woman -- should ever have to do . kim describes seemingly endless days of soldiers lined up outside the brothel , called a `` comfort station . '' often they were so close to the front lines , they could hear the battles of world war two happening all around them . `` our job was to revitalize the soldiers , '' she says . `` on saturdays , they would start lining up at noon . and it would last until 8pm . there was always a long line of soldiers . on sunday it was 8 a.m to 5 p.m. again , a long line . i did n't have the chance to count how many . '' kim estimates each japanese soldier took around three minutes . they usually kept their boots and leg wraps on , hurriedly finishing so the next solider could have his turn . kim says it was dehumanizing , exhausting , and often excruciating . `` when it was over , i could n't even get up . it went on for such a long time . by the time the sun went down , i could n't use my lower body at all . after the first year , we were just like machines , '' she says . kim believes the years of physical abuse took a permanent toll on her body . tears stream down her cheeks as she explains how she was never able to fulfill her dream of having children . `` when i started , the japanese military would often beat me because i was n't submissive , '' kim says . `` there are no words to describe my suffering . even now . i ca n't live without medicine . i 'm always in pain . '' kim is part of an ngo called the `` korean council for the women drafted for military sexual slavery by japan , '' which is fighting for an apology . some japanese prime ministers have personally apologized in the past , but the ngo director believes that it 's not nearly enough . tokyo maintains its legal liability for the wrongdoing was cleared by a bilateral claims treaty signed in 1965 between south korea and japan . kim 's story matches testimony from other so-called `` comfort women . '' in washington , as japanese prime minister shinzo abe conducts a state visit to the united states , former korean sex slave lee yong-soo makes a tearful plea to him , demanding an official apology for japan 's sexual enslavement of an estimated 200,000 comfort women , mostly korean and chinese . many have since passed away , but those still alive want individual compensation for their treatment . critics say abe has not been vocal enough . they fear his government is trying to whitewash the past , to appease conservatives who feel comfort women were paid prostitutes , not victims of official military policy . `` when it comes to the comfort women sex slave system , it is pretty much unique to japan . i think nazi germany had some of it to a smaller degree . but in the japanese case it was large scale , and state-sponsored , essentially , '' says koichi nakano , a professor of political science at tokyo 's sophia university . nakano points out that , since abe first came to office his government has succeeded in removing references to `` comfort women '' from many japanese school textbooks . it 's part of what critics call japan 's track record of glossing over its war crimes . `` ( comfort women ) have gone through tremendous trauma . and in a way , the japanese government risks a second rape by discrediting their testimonies and treating ( their experiences ) as if they were lies , '' nakano says . abe insists he and other prime ministers have made repeated apologies . `` i am deeply pained to think of the comfort women who experienced immeasurable pain and suffering , '' abe told diet lawmakers last year . abe gave a similarly worded statement during a press conference tuesday in washington , dc -- leading critics to question the sincerity of abe 's expressions of remorse over the issue . abe has said he does not believe women were coerced to work in the military brothels . nakano says abe and conservative lawmakers feel `` singled out . '' `` they feel there 's some sort of a plot by other asian countries to sully the japanese name to their advantage . '' with abe 's historic visit to the u.s. just months before the 70th anniversary of the end of world war two , kim wants president obama to pressure his key asian ally to do more to acknowledge history . meanwhile , kim has had enough of the excuses she says are hampering her efforts to finally get peace . `` to say there 's no evidence is absurd . i am the evidence , '' she says .