charleston , south carolina ( cnn ) the casket is draped with an american flag , and walter scott is dressed in a dark suit . a white banner with a blue star refers to his favorite nfl team . it says : `` tradition , the cowboys way . '' a few mourners trickled into the fielding home for funerals in charleston , south carolina . charleston mayor joseph riley comes by to pay his respects and show support for the scott family . they are not at friday night 's visitation , the mayor says . the stress of the past week since scott was fatally shot in the back by a north charleston police officer michael slager is too much . they went by the funeral home earlier but they are exhausted , he says . they need their privacy now and at saturday 's funeral and burial , he says . `` this is a heartbreaking tragedy for everyone in our community , '' he says , adding they share the grief of their neighbors in north charleston and with the scott family . `` it breaks everyone 's hearts , wherever we live . '' meanwhile , police continue to investigate the incident in which scott ran from his car after a traffic stop then was shot while fleeing from slager . on friday afternoon , police met with a man who was in scott 's car when slager pulled it over for a broken taillight . the passenger 's name was n't in a police report obtained by cnn . the passenger was detained briefly after the shooting , one officer wrote in the report . scott family attorney chris stewart said the man with scott was a co-worker and friend . but he did not identify the friend by name , nor did thom berry , a south carolina law enforcement division spokesman , who confirmed friday 's meeting . slager has been fired and faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted on a murder charge . video shot by a witness shows the officer shooting scott in the back as he runs away . slager had told investigators he feared for his safety after he and scott tussled over his taser . his lawyer , andy savage , said friday he `` has not received the cooperation from law enforcement that the media has . '' savage 's office said in a written statement that it has yet to receive `` any investigative documents , audio or video tapes , other than a copy of mr. slager 's arrest warrant . '' the news release added that the lawyer has been advised that the police union that slager belongs to `` is no longer involved in the case . '' on thursday , dash cam video and a new witness emerged from the day scott died . the dash cam footage shows slager talking calmly to scott during the traffic stop . scott apparently says he has no insurance on the vehicle , and slager returns to his car to do paperwork . moments later , scott gets out of his car and bolts . a foot chase ensues . scott never reappears on the dash cam video , but a witness later takes video of the officer shooting scott several times in the back as he is running away . `` nothing in this video demonstrates that the officer 's life or the life of another was threatened , '' national urban league president marc morial said . `` the question here is whether the use of force was excessive . '' on thursday , a new witness emerged in the case . gwen nichols told cnn 's brian todd that she saw a scuffle between scott and slager at the entrance to a vacant lot . `` it was like a tussle type of thing , like , you know , like , ' what do you want ? ' or ' what did i do ? ' type of thing , '' nichols said . `` i did n't hear mr. slager saying : ' stop ! ' `` scott was the subject of a bench warrant over $ 18,104.43 in unpaid child support at the time of the stop , according to court records . that may be why he ran , an attorney for the family said . criminal defense attorney paul callan said he believes slager 's defense will play up the reported scuffle in arguing that this is not a murder case . `` defense attorneys will say this was a heat of passion shooting -- ( that ) this was something that he did suddenly after some kind of an altercation , a physical altercation with a suspect , '' callan said . `` and that would constitute manslaughter under law , as opposed to murder , and it makes a huge difference in sentencing . '' in south carolina , a murder conviction requires a measure of premeditation . what we know about officer slager . the investigation has been turned over to the south carolina law enforcement division , or sled . in a statement released thursday , sled said its investigators found troubling inconsistencies from the very start . `` we believed early on that there was something not right about what happened in that encounter , '' sled chief mark keel said in a statement . `` the cell phone video shot by a bystander confirmed our initial suspicions . '' feidin santana , who took the video of the shooting , told cnn 's anderson cooper that he was walking to work when he saw slager on top of scott , who was on the ground . he said he could hear the sound of a taser in use . santana said he did n't see scott go after the taser , as slager initially claimed . he said he believes scott was trying to get away . `` mr. scott never tried to fight , '' santana said . neither the struggle nor the use of a taser was captured on video , because santana started recording shortly after that . his video shows scott running away from slager before the officer aims his gun . slager fires eight shots toward scott , striking him five times . a timeline of events . while the initial traffic stop may have seemed to be perfectly normal and professional , and the foot chase a reasonable choice , an analyst saw little justification for that last act . `` i 'm not familiar with south carolina police training , but i guarantee you that they do not teach to shoot a fleeing unarmed man in the back , '' said jim bueermann , president of the police foundation , a washington-based nonprofit . there are several claims in the initial police reports that are not supported in santana 's video . and there may be more to the investigation than just whether scott 's killing was justified , cnn legal analyst danny cevallos said . `` if it 's determined that multiple officers attempted to cover for the shooting officer , and it 's shown that those reports were false , this will be a devastating blow for law enforcement everywhere , '' he said . who was walter scott ? cnn 's polo sandoval reported from charleston and steve almasy reported and wrote in atlanta . cnn 's jim sciutto , jason carroll and holly yan contributed to this report .