( cnn ) japan 's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 , joining an elite club of nations who have explored earth 's satellite . the japan aerospace exploration agency ( jaxa ) , divulged the plan to an expert panel , including members of the cabinet and the education , culture , sports , science and technology ministry on monday . `` this is an initial step and a lot of procedures are still ahead before the plan is formally approved , '' a jaxa spokesperson told reporters . if it is approved , the agency will reportedly use its epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a slim probe -- the acronym stands for `` smart lander for investigating moon '' -- on the surface of the celestial body . japanese media estimates that the mission will cost in the region of ¥10 billion to ¥15 billion ( $ 83.4 million - $ 125 million ) . jaxa spokesperson chihito onda confirmed to cnn that this estimate is realistic . the mission is expected to be used to perfect soft-landing technologies , which could be utilized in future , manned expeditions to the moon , or even mars . the lander will use face recognition software found in digital cameras , which will be repurposed to enable the craft to recognize craters on the surface , onda said . the move could be seen as japan 's attempt to play catchup to its asian neighbors china and india , which have both notched significant extraterrestrial victories in recent years -- china 's yutu lunar rover outlasted expectations and india successfully put a probe into orbit around mars the first time of asking . in 2008 japan put its selene craft -- known in japan as kaguya , after a japanese moon princess from a 10th century folk tale -- into orbit around the moon to gather data about its surface . the data gathered by the orbiter will also be used to calculate a suitable landing site for the rover . jaxa has also put a probe on an asteroid , which returned to earth in 2010 . along with china , the united states and the former soviet union are the only other nations to have so far landed craft on the surface of the moon . cnn 's junko ogura contributed to this report .