( cnn ) a hooded angel with black wings appeared on tuesday near the spot where walter scott was shot and killed by a police officer in north charleston , south carolina , on saturday . since then , it 's been taken up as an icon of the black lives matter movement . when protesters held the winged figure at a wednesday morning rally outside north charleston 's city hall , the artwork was widely photographed . creator phillip hyman grew up in the neighborhood where scott , an unarmed black man , was shot in the back several times by a white police officer on saturday . hyman now lives in another part of the city and could n't stop thinking about it . he woke up about 3 a.m. a couple of days after scott was killed and began searching for materials . `` art is really about that moment . i just could n't take it any longer , '' he said . hyman dug into the trash and found a piece of wood that was the perfect size . then he picked up a can of black house paint and started making the reclaimed wood into a work of art . the 56-year-old said he crafted the artwork as a way of mourning with the family . `` that 's who all this should really be about , not about the propaganda and making it your own story , '' said hyman , who talks quickly and passionately about his subject material . `` shooting him in the back and just the indignity of it all . '' the figure , painted black in mourning for the family , has wings because it 's going to heaven , hyman said . the man depicted in hyman 's piece is dressed in a hooded sweatsuit , though that 's not what scott was wearing when he was killed . hyman said he prefers not to say too much about who the black angel figure is . people can look at the art and make their own interpretations , he said . `` it 's a statement of where we are in america today . it 's relevant in charleston , ferguson , florida , anywhere now . '' after hyman put the piece up on tuesday near where scott was killed , he got a call from a local protester with the black lives matter movement , which has staged protests around the country in the wake of high-profile deaths at the hands of police . the group asked for permission to use his artwork in its demonstrations at the north charleston city hall . hyman was happy to oblige . each day , the protesters call hyman and he either carries the angel-winged artwork to the protest , or the protesters come over to his home to pick it up . `` it 's taken a life of its own , so i 'm letting it do what it 's supposed to do now , '' he said . freelance photographer joel woodhall spotted the artwork and wondered where it came from . woodhall , who lives in nearby charleston , said the artwork made him feel sorrow for a life ended too soon . `` it was very emotionally moving . it 's beautiful , '' he told cnn . this is n't the first time hyman has used artwork to effect change : he restored a local theater to its former glory . he commemorated martin luther king jr. 's birthday by painting a mural in a bad neighborhood that needed light . hyman 's wife , kay , says her husband always paints from the heart . `` to see this recognized , he just goes into tears because it 's very special to him . ''