( cnn ) a jury of rolling stone 's media peers has dissected the magazine 's disastrous , discredited story about rape on the campus of the university of virginia , and the emerging consensus is that rolling stone 's lapses and sloppy blunders amount to journalistic malpractice -- made all the worse by the magazine 's head-in-the sand reaction to the thorough , devastating report released by a panel of investigators from the columbia university graduate school of journalism . rolling stone 's egregious mistakes of reporting and editing are regrettable but understandable . the magazine 's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not . before the original story , `` a rape on campus , '' was pulled from the rolling stone website , it registered 2.7 million hits following its publication in november -- more than any noncelebrity story in the magazine 's history . an anonymous undergraduate , given the name `` jackie , '' told rolling stone writer sabrina rubin erdely she had been invited to a party thrown by phi kappa psi fraternity in 2012 -- only to end up beaten and gang-raped by seven boys , who were allegedly coached along in the attack by the same student , a casual acquaintance , who had invited jackie to the party . the horrific allegations sparked protests against the fraternity , a police investigation , the temporary suspension of all fraternities at the school and a nationwide debate about the prevalence of sexual violence on college campuses . but the story began to unravel almost immediately when washington post reporter t. rees shapiro took a closer look , leading rolling stone to back away from the story and request a review by the columbia university graduate school of journalism . that review , which is considerably longer than the original article , reveals startling lapses in basic journalistic practice . rolling stone writer erdely never verified the identity of the attacker and therefore never confronted him with the allegations ; she never spoke to three of jackie 's friends who allegedly talked with jackie immediately after the attack , and she never gave the fraternity a fair chance to respond , refusing to provide specific information about what happened and when . and at every step of the way , when jackie began acting flaky -- refusing to provide basic information needed to verify her story or vanishing for weeks at a time without returning calls from the reporter -- neither erdely nor her editors or the magazine 's fact checkers made the hard but necessary decision to hit the pause button and decline to run the story . having worked part time as a journalism professor for a decade ( including one semester at columbia ) , i would agree with colleagues who call rolling stone 's lapses the kind that would be unacceptable in a freshman classroom . i 've told students for years : you should never print allegations without giving people a fair chance to respond . and you should never take a source 's word about important facts without verifying the truth . ( there 's a reason we call it reporting and not dictation . ) most of all , i tell students , remember that you 're writing about human beings , who are complicated creatures : the good guys are never all that good , and the bad guys usually are n't completely bad . people can be mistaken or deceitful , i tell young reporters , they frequently forget and often lie to themselves . that does n't make a source useless , but it must make you extra careful . unfortunately , the early word from rolling stone is that they 've absorbed none of these lessons . publisher jann wenner has apparently decided not to fire , demote or discipline anybody at rolling stone , provoking expressions of disbelief among seasoned journalists . `` no one fired at rolling stone . really ? '' wrote cnn media critic brian stelter . `` what would rolling stone in its heyday write about an institution that screwed up unbelievably , damaged people 's lives , but punished no one ? '' tweeted john bresnahan , the capitol bureau chief of politico . `` rolling stone outsources its investigation to columbia and proceeds to do nothing in terms of individual accountability afterward ? ok ... , '' tweeted pundit joe concha . worse still , the editors who committed the blunder seem unprepared to revamp their operation to prevent a repeat of the debacle , framing the error as an earnest but misguided attempt to believe the word of a sexual assault victim . `` rolling stone 's senior editors are unanimous in the belief that the story 's failure does not require them to change their editorial systems , '' the columbia report says . and check out this amazing conclusion from will dana , the managing editor who presided over the disaster . dana told the columbia team : `` it 's not like i think we need to overhaul our process , and i do n't think we need to necessarily institute a lot of new ways of doing things . we just have to do what we 've always done and just make sure we do n't make this mistake again . '' that smug attitude pretty much ensures rolling stone 's newsroom managers will commit another goof in the future . at a minimum , they should heed the wise counsel of my friend bill grueskin , an executive editor at bloomberg who formerly served as dean of academic affairs at the columbia j-school . `` when doing big , investigative stories , reporters face many challenges : recalcitrant sources , complex numbers , buried records . editors , whose labors are usually cloaked in anonymity , are spared most of those hurdles . but they face their own internal newsroom challenges , particularly when handling a potential blockbuster story , '' grueskin writes . `` they must keep their star reporters happy , trim verbiage that interrupts the narrative , and deal with the expectations of bosses hungry for prizes and traffic . '' the problem could be , says grueskin , that rolling stone had too many chefs in the kitchen , instead of `` a single , talented editor with an intact set of vertebrae . '' until wenner and his team learn that basic lesson -- and revamp their hiring , editing and fact-checking process accordingly -- the rolling stone fiasco will eventually be followed by another , one made less forgivable because we all saw it coming .