( cnn ) i remember the day i stopped praying . it was the day after my little brother , jimmy , died of cancer . he was 25 . i was so angry at god . i was 27 at the time , and , like most young people i had stopped going to church . but , on that day -- that terrible day -- i desperately needed to understand why god took my brother . i called the nearest catholic church , looking for a priest . a lady picked up the phone . `` can i talk with father ? '' i asked . i wish i could say her answer was `` yes . '' instead , she asked me if i was a member of that particular parish . `` does it matter ? '' i asked . ( at the time i lived far from my home parish . ) i do n't remember how she responded , but the answer about my being able to see father was clearly no . i do n't know if all catholic churches would have shut me out , but i figured , at the time , it was part of the long list of rules the vatican required catholic leaders to follow . i cried for a bit , then decided i would never ask god for anything . clearly , his conduits on earth did not have time for me -- a lifelong catholic -- and sinner -- so why would he ? ever since , i 've considered myself a lapsed catholic . until pope francis . there is something about francis that 's reawakened my faith . and it 's not because he opened the floodgates to allow sin in the eyes of the church . he still argues against things i passionately support , but i find myself -- like many other lapsed catholics -- enthralled . recently i had the pleasure of meeting one of the pope 's newly appointed cardinals . his name is cardinal gerald lacroix . the 57-year-old presides at the basilica cathedral of notre dame in quebec city . one of my first questions : what is it about pope francis ? `` every person is a mystery you know . ... but what 's evident is this man is living with such freedom , such inner freedom . he 's himself . he 's in tune with the lord , '' lacroix told me . `` those close to him say he 's up close to 4 in the morning to prepare his daily mass , which is at 7 in the morning on the weekdays . so that 's almost three hours of prayer , preparation and silence before the lord and the word of god . wow , that really fine-tunes you to start off a day . '' perhaps that 's how the pope stays humble . why he defies tradition and washes the feet of the disabled , women and those of other faiths . why he ordered showers to be built for the poor in st. peter 's square . all of this is appealing , but it 's more than that . in my mind , it 's his tone . when pope francis said , `` if a person is gay and he searches for the lord and has good will , who am i to judge ? '' the comment took me aback . homosexuality has long been a taboo subject for the vatican , yet pope francis uttered those welcoming words . lacroix likened the pope 's approach to jesus . `` jesus did n't judge . jesus did not come as a judge . he came as someone who preached and talked about the love of god . '' those kinds of answers are so different in my experience , but i understand why more conservative catholics worry . if the pope does not judge , then who will tell us who is a sinner and who is not ? `` i hear that sometimes , too , '' lacroix told me . `` i think pope francis is conservative in the right way . you have to be conservative enough to come back to what is the foundation : that 's the gospel . you can not reproach pope francis of not living the gospel , or not preaching the truth of the gospel . '' but is n't homosexuality a sin in the eyes of the church ? `` there is room for everyone . the door is open , '' cardinal lacroix insisted . `` of course you know that the catholic church will never promote same sex marriage , but do we respect homosexual persons ? do we welcome them ? do we accompany them ? of course . but to respect the church and its teaching , which is based on a long tradition and also the word of god , we will not go so far as to bless . but that does n't mean we reject . '' that last sentiment -- `` that does n't mean we reject . '' -- did it for me . i finally understood why pope francis reawakened my faith . i always felt my church would reject me for committing the smallest of sins . like calling a priest at a church that was not my home parish . like not covering my head with a traditional veil at easter . like accidentally eating meat on holy friday . like supporting the use of contraception . but as lacroix told me , jesus walked with sinners until the very end . he did not banish them to fires of hell , for he refused to give up on anyone . the cardinal 's last words to me : `` i 'm trying to do my best on ( the ) local level -- to have an open ear to what the church and world are experiencing . to see how we can today respond to those needs . i want people to see me , and the church , as an open heart to grow together . not a church that 's imposing -- we have nothing to impose -- we have someone to propose : the lord jesus and his gospel . '' i ca n't wait to go church next sunday . and , yes , i will bow my head and pray for forgiveness , and if i 'm worthy , christ 's love .