( cnn ) the abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls a year ago this week captured global attention and inspired the hashtag # bringbackourgirls , but the horrors for nigeria 's children are widespread . `` around 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes as a result of the conflict in northeast nigeria between boko haram , military forces and civilian self-defense groups , '' unicef said monday . the `` number of children running for their lives within nigeria , or crossing over the border to chad , niger and cameroon , has more than doubled in just less than a year . '' unicef released a report on the crisis titled `` missing childhoods . '' it also launched a social media campaign using the hashtag # bringbackourchildhood . the campaign has `` leading snapchat artists '' sharing images based on drawings from children in nigeria , chad , niger and cameroon . artwork can also be seen on facebook , twitter , instagram and tumblr . more than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence , unicef said . about 1.2 million are displaced internally , while others have crossed into cameroon , chad and niger . `` the vast majority of the displaced -- more than 880,000 -- are staying with host communities with little access to humanitarian support , putting additional strains on already stretched health , education and social services , '' it said . the april 14 , 2014 , kidnappings at a girls school in chibok by the islamist group boko haram `` is only one of endless tragedies being replicated on an epic scale across nigeria and the region , '' said manuel fontaine , unicef regional director for west and central africa . `` scores of girls and boys have gone missing in nigeria -- abducted , recruited by armed groups , attacked , used as weapons , or forced to flee violence . they have the right to get their childhoods back . '' kids are being used by boko haram as combatants , cooks , and lookouts , unicef said . `` young women and girls are being subjected to forced marriage , forced labor and rape , '' it said . at least 196 teachers and 314 schoolchildren were killed in 2014 , and more than 300 schools were damaged or destroyed .