( cnn ) i 'm haunted by the video of officer michael slager firing eight shots at walter scott as he fled his encounter with north charleston police -- his back turned to the officer . what i find more disturbing is how the officer cuffs the fallen scott and allows him to die face-down in the dirt while slager appears to plant an item next to his body . i understand why people are skeptical of self-defense claims -- especially from law enforcement . if not for the video taken by a bystander , i ca n't help but think that this story would be shuttered behind the wall of an active investigation . as a defense attorney , i am more sensitive than anyone to the assumption of innocence for those accused of a crime , but this single piece of evidence -- a video of a man shot in the back while in full retreat -- defies any reasonable explanation . thank god there was a camera . it will help ensure that justice will be served in this case . however , there is another camera that -- had it been deployed -- might have prevented the entire tragedy : a police body camera . throughout the entire encounter with scott , it 's clear slager had no idea someone was filming him . had he known there would be video of his every move , would he have drawn his weapon on a fleeing man ? would he have fired ? eight times ? would he have misrepresented the encounter on his police report ? of course not . if slager had been wearing a body camera , scott would probably still be alive , and slager would n't be facing the possibility of life in prison -- or a possible death sentence . body cameras are expensive to deploy , sure . and storing the massive amounts of data that body cameras create costs even more . that cost , however -- if we 're talking the monetary kind -- may be eclipsed by the punitive damages delivered to scott 's family in an inevitable civil suit against the north charleston police department . most importantly , we have to ask ourselves this : what 's the value of a human life ? certainly it 's worth the price of some mass data storage . and there 's something else at stake . the public is losing confidence in law enforcement , and the strained relationship between minorities and police is reaching a breaking point . every police shooting that captures headlines justifies an ever increasing fear of cops in the street . as fear ratchets up , so does the tension between cops and the people in the communities they serve . as tension rises , the risk of more shootings increases . it is a cycle of destruction that could lead to chaos . police body cameras can help break this cycle . studies have shown that both cops and people in the community act better when they know they are on camera . complaints against cops decrease , and , most importantly , use-of-force incidents drop . i will admit that body cameras are only an interim solution . they only help compensate for the real underlying problem , which is this : there is a bias against black men that has infiltrated the criminal justice system , and we are seeing it in the disproportionate shooting of black men . when we look at this footage -- and when we see the dashboard camera from the other south carolina officer who last year shot a man who was reaching for his driver 's license -- it 's clear that many cops are more likely to interpret actions , even routine actions , from black men as potentially aggressive . these may not be overtly racist cops . they may not intentionally treat black men differently , but we ca n't pretend that black men are n't being disproportionately targeted . all across the country , we see it happening , and with the proliferation of video , we 're seeing it happen with alarming frequency . somehow , we 're going to have to beat this bias out of our system . set tougher employment screening standards when hiring cops . institute more training to help officers recognize the bias and adjust for it . as a society , we have to focus on the broad social changes needed to address disparities in income , education and opportunities -- disparities that keep us a racially divided nation . but social change , sadly , may take generations of hard work . in the meantime , if we ca n't immediately root out racial bias , we can at least put a bright spotlight on it , and we can start by focusing on the one interaction where racial bias results in the loss of life -- we can start by placing body-mounted cameras on cops .