( cnn ) launching rockets is a complicated thing . landing them upright on a platform floating in the ocean ? well , that 's never been done before . spacex , the private space exploration company founded by billionaire elon musk , hopes to give it a try . but weather forced it to scrub monday 's plan to launch . spacex said on twitter that tuesday at 4:10 p.m . et will be the next opportunity for the company to launch a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station . that will be the easy part . after the launch , spacex will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform , or what it calls an autonomous spaceport drone ship , in the atlantic ocean off florida . usually booster rockets burn up in earth 's atmosphere or , like nasa 's space shuttle boosters , they fall back into the ocean . so why try to land one ? musk wants to cut costs . on his company 's website , he says that if anyone can figure out how to `` reuse rockets just like airplanes , the cost of access to space will be reduced by as much as a factor of a hundred . '' spacex tried to land a falcon 9 on the drone ship in january , but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded . the company has previously said the odds of a successful landing are about 50 % . if you want to see how it goes , it will post photos online throughout the mission and will put video on youtube . and if the landing does n't work ? spacex says it will keep trying and , after it masters landing at sea , hopes to someday land rockets on the ground . what about the rest of the rocket and the dragon ? the smaller , top part of the rocket will carry the dragon into orbit and then break away from the cargo ship and burn up in earth 's atmosphere . the dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4,300 pounds ( 1,950 kilograms ) of supplies , including research equipment and isspresso , an espresso maker that astronauts can use to make coffee and tea . the space station crew will spend about five weeks unpacking the dragon . they 'll then stuff it with over 3,000 pounds of science experiments , trash and other stuff to send back to earth . when they 're done , dragon will leave the space station and mission controllers will guide it to splashdown in the pacific ocean off california . this is the sixth spacex mission to the international space station . the company was the first private space contractor to dock with the station . cnn 's catherine e. shoichet contributed to this report .