( cnn ) the tulsa county reserve deputy who fatally shot a man instead of using his taser turned himself in to authorities tuesday at the tulsa county jail . video shows reserve deputy robert bates announcing he is going to deploy his taser after an undercover weapons sting on april 2 but then shooting eric courtney harris in the back with a handgun . bates was charged with second-degree manslaughter monday . he surrendered tuesday morning , accompanied by his attorney , clark brewster , and immediately posted bail of $ 25,000 . as he exited the jailhouse , bates paused in front of television cameras for a moment but did not speak . his attorney reiterated that he believes the charge against his client is unwarranted . the tulsa county sheriff 's office says a sting operation caught harris illegally selling a gun . harris ran when officers came in for the arrest . authorities say bates thought he pulled out his taser but `` inadvertently '' fired his gun . harris ' brother , andre harris , told cnn that he is pleased district attorney steve kunzweiler pressed charges . in his opinion , however , no type of force should have been used in the arrest of his brother . watching the video of the shooting , andre harris said he can see that three or more officers were already on top of his brother . that manpower should have been enough to arrest him , he said . `` it was a situation where i did n't necessarily think that a taser should even be used , '' andre harris said . scott wood , another bates ' attorney , has said the shooting was an `` excusable homicide . '' investigators ' efforts to defend bates and the other deputies involved in the arrest have sparked a mounting chorus of criticism online . harris ' relatives are demanding an independent investigation of what they call unjustified brutality . they 're also questioning why the 73-year-old bates -- the ceo of an insurance company who volunteers as a certified reserve deputy -- was on the scene in such a sensitive and high-risk sting operation . daniel smolen , an attorney representing the harris family , said bates paid big money to play a cop in his spare time . bates , who was a police officer for a year in the 1960s , had been a reserve deputy since 2008 , with 300 hours of training and 1,100 hours of community policing experience , according to the sheriff 's office . he was also a frequent contributor to the tulsa county sheriff 's office , including $ 2,500 to the re-election of sheriff stanley glanz . the sheriff 's office has said that bates had law enforcement certification , but smolen said he has not seen any field training records . `` we 're holding up all right at this point , '' andre harris said . `` we 're putting our faith in god that justice will be served , and we can get some closure in this situation . '' how easy is it to confuse a gun for a taser ? in a statement released tuesday , eric harris ' family members said they know there are many good deputies working in tulsa county . `` however , the treatment of eric of april 2 clearly shows that there is a deep-seated problem within the tcso , '' the statement said . the family said that the sheriff has not apologized and that the department has not shown remorse or indication it will change its policies . cnn 's jason morris and ed lavandera contributed to this report .