( cnn ) they are superstars flown in from across the globe -- and they probably had more legroom than you . the world 's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached las vegas for this week 's world cup finals . the man who arranged their travel says , for horses , it 's business class all the way . `` there are two horses per box , '' explains tim dutta , who oversaw the loading of more than $ 150 million in equine talent onto a qatar airways flight at amsterdam 's schiphol airport earlier this month . `` we pay attention to each horse 's little idiosyncrasies and requirements -- do they like wet hay , or not ? do we use sea salt to encourage them to drink ? `` i like the horses to have some quiet time too , they need that . so when the aircraft is at cruise then they are left alone for a while , to have a snooze and relax , without being bothered by anyone . '' no horse is snoozing now . the flights are over and they 're in las vegas to work . vegas is home to the finals for the sixth time since first hosting showjumping in 2000 . the venue is the thomas & mack center , a stone 's throw from the strip , which had the distinction of being opened by frank sinatra and diana ross in 1983 . organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend this week 's event , which boasts an $ 8 million budget . expect elvis presley beaming down from the jumbotron ; chefs from the bellagio serving vip guests who paid upwards of $ 1,500 a ticket ; and tennis legend steffi graf presenting the trophies . in the past , that was not your usual showjumping and dressage atmosphere -- but that 's something the sport is trying to change . hosting world-class horsesport in vegas is a way to raise its profile in the united states . as with this month 's showjumping on miami beach , the thinking is location , location , location . for the riders , few locations are comparable . `` it 's like a wrigley field feel , '' said tim keener , one of the vegas organizers , describing how the bowl of the arena will seat spectators unusually close to the action . showjumping comes here for the showbiz . in previous years , trophies have been handed out by flying showgirls descending from the rafters . elvis impersonators have burst into the arena on horseback . this year , a `` selfie booth '' will let fans crowd in with leading riders for awkward photos on their phones -- and there will be quite some choice of riders . since the world cup finals are among the most prestigious titles available , the cast list over the next four days features almost all of the world 's top names . in showjumping , germany 's daniel deusser is both the defending world cup champion and the new world no . 1 , unseating britain 's scott brash . the germans are the most successful nation at the world cup finals , with 10 showjumping victories , and three-time champion marcus ehning will also compete . the hosts have a superstar and 2013 champion in beezie madden , while 2012 champion rich fellers will ride aptly named `` comeback king '' flexible , a horse undeterred by a series of illnesses and injuries which would have seen almost any other stallion retire . in dressage , britain 's charlotte dujardin and valero are the runaway favorites to successfully defend last year 's world cup title . the partnership is the first ever to hold the world cup alongside olympic , world and european gold . few riders are expected to mount a serious challenge if dujardin and valegro perform well , but watch out for germany 's isabell werth and up-and-coming us rider laura graves . graves , 27 , has barely spent a year on the u.s. senior team , yet finished fifth in last year 's world equestrian games on board verdades . the action begins on thursday , april 16 , with dressage reaching a climax on the saturday and showjumping a day later . but if you miss it , the chances are you wo n't have to wait long for another chance . vegas is so in love with horses , organizers are already planning a bid to bring the event back in 2019 .