( cnn ) if there was ever any doubt that the obama administration 's clean power plan is an energy policy plan , not a carbon reduction plan , all you have to do is look at how they treat nuclear energy . nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy , generating over 60 % of our carbon-free electricity . surely president barack obama 's climate plan , allegedly aimed at reducing the united states ' overall carbon emissions , would revitalize the nuclear industry , lead to increased plant construction and help meet aggressive carbon reduction targets . well , think again . james hansen , the former head of nasa 's goddard institute for space studies , said in 2013 that `` continued opposition to nuclear power threatens humanity 's ability to avoid dangerous climate change . '' yet wednesday , the white house will celebrate earth day and promote its work to fend off climate change , while strategically ignoring its largest tool to cut carbon emissions -- nuclear energy -- as well as the warning of one of the administration 's favorite climate scientists . despite the fact that nuclear power is carbon-free , the obama administration 's energy policy plan is biased against it . this bias is created by how environmental protection agency credits nuclear power in its models of both current emissions and plan implementation . epa 's modeling is divorced from reality . first , epa 's `` base case for the proposed clean power plan '' purports to depict the current state of the industry as the future would unfold without the clean power plan . this base case assumes no new nuclear construction and indicates the retirement of 96 of our 99 operating nuclear plants by 2050 . epa 's implementation modeling , `` option 1 -- state , '' shows exactly the same situation : no new construction and 96 retirements by 2050 . in other words , epa assumes that the nuclear industry is essentially phased out by 2050 . these assumptions are tremendously important because they determine how emission targets are set and what state actions will receive credit toward those targets . a group of university of tennessee graduate students made this point to epa at a public hearing last summer . using epa 's own data , the graduate students showed that epa 's energy policy plan creates incentives for states to shut down nuclear power plants and replace them with natural gas combined cycle plants . the students demonstrated that under this scenario , epa 's model shows emission reductions while real world emissions actually increase . president obama 's epa has shifted its position on nuclear energy and hidden that policy shift in a model . for example , when epa modeled the lieberman-warner bill in 2008 , the agency indicated 44 nuclear plants would need to be built by 2030 in order to achieve the carbon reductions mandated in the bill . epa 's modeling of the 2009 waxman-markey bill showed the need to build 275 new nuclear plants by 2050 to meet the carbon reduction targets in the legislation . where did this policy shift come from ? at a recent hearing in the environment and public works committee , mary nichols , chairman of the california air resources board , told congress that epa looked at california 's california global warming solutions act when developing its so-called clean power plan and that epa 's plan adopts the same policy choices -- limited credit for either nuclear or hydropower -- both of which are carbon-free . thus , epa is assuming legislative powers and is making policy choices that favor some forms of carbon-free energy over others . congress did not give epa the authority to make these choices , so instead they have hidden them in the modeling . for example , the same modeling that assumes the nuclear energy phaseout coincidentally shows robust development of renewables without any retirements between now and 2050 . this is a very favorable assumption albeit unlikely considering wind turbines and solar panels are commonly believed to last only 20 to 30 years before needing replacement . this anti-nuclear bias also is evident in obama 's recent executive order `` planning for federal sustainability in the next decade , '' which directs agencies to reduce their carbon emissions . even though existing nuclear plants generate carbon-free electricity , the executive order does not allow agencies to take credit for emission reduction from nuclear energy unless it is energy from small modular reactors . while i have long fought back on attempts for the federal government to tax carbon , i believe in an all-of-the-above energy strategy that provides our nation with energy security , and i have supported legislation that helps to clean the air . the administration says it shares these same interests , despite differing avenues to get there . the administration also believes in man-driven global warming , which should make nuclear energy its golden key . but the clean power plan and the president 's recent executive order demonstrate that the obama administration is neither serious about reducing carbon emissions nor pursuing an all-of-the-above energy strategy . if you think this administration supports nuclear energy , think again .