( cnn ) an american teenager who helped her boyfriend stuff her mother 's lifeless body into a suitcase at an upmarket hotel in bali has been sentenced to 10 years in prison . heather mack , 19 , who gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago , was found guilty with her 21-year-old boyfriend , tommy schaefer , of killing sheila von wiese-mack on the indonesian island last august . schaefer was sentenced to 18 years in prison for battering von wiese-mack to death in room 317 of the st. regis bali resort . schaefer had claimed he killed his girlfriend 's mother in self-defense after a violent argument erupted over the young couple 's relationship . the beaten body of von wiese-mack was found in a large silver suitcase that the couple had loaded in a waiting taxi outside the resort . they told the driver they 'd be back soon , but after a lengthy wait he alerted hotel staff who inspected the bag , noticed blood and called police . the lovers were arrested after being found the following morning at another hotel about 15 kilometers ( nine miles ) away . inside the bag , von wiese-mack 's body had been wrapped in hotel bedding . a forensic examination determined that she had died from a blunt force to the face that fractured her facial bones and caused her to suffocate . described as a chicago socialite , von wiese-mack was reported to have a troubled relationship with her teenage daughter . schaefer denied that the murder was premeditated . he told the court that he acted in self-defense when his girlfriend 's mother started strangling him during an argument in the bali hotel room . `` she squeezed my neck for about 20 to 30 seconds . i could n't breathe . i had blood going to my head and my eyes were so watery , '' schaefer told the court . he said he reached for a nearby bowl `` before she could . '' `` i could n't see for a moment because my eyes were so watery and i was distraught , i was in a state of mind , i had no idea what was happening . i was almost about to black out . and i grabbed it and i started swinging , '' he told the court . mack told the court her mother had threatened to kill the couple 's unborn baby , according to local media . the prosecutor alleged that the two planned the murder , because mack 's mother disapproved of their relationship . after being detained by police , the couple initially claimed they 'd been taken captive at the resort by an armed gang , whose members killed heather 's mother , and from whom they managed to escape . the two were tried separately , though both trials were heard by the same court , with the same prosecutors . prosecutors had sought a prison sentence of 18 years for schaefer and 15 years for mack . under indonesian law , mack will be allowed to keep her baby with her in prison for two years , after which she can nominate who should take custody . journalists fairuz husaini and ragil lestari and cnn 's kathy quiano contributed to this report .