( cnn ) blue bell ice cream has temporarily shut down one of its manufacturing plants over the discovery of listeria contamination in a serving of ice cream originating from that plant . public health officials warned consumers friday not to eat any blue bell-branded products made at the company 's broken arrow , oklahoma , plant . that includes 3-ounce servings of blue bell ice cream from this plant that went to institutions in containers marked with the letters o , p , q , r , s or t behind the coding date . the warning by the centers for disease control and prevention does not affect other blue bell ice cream , including other 3-ounce servings , not made at the plant . but blue bell has recalled other products . the company is shutting down the broken arrow facility `` out of an abundance of caution '' to search for a possible cause of contamination . it is the third time blue bell has taken action in light of a listeria outbreak at a kansas hospital that served the company 's ice cream . listeria monocytogenes was recently found in a cup of ice cream recovered from the hospital . the cup contaminated with the bacteria was produced at the broken arrow plant in april 2014 , blue bell said . and , according to the cdc , listeria bacteria was found in additional samples of the same product that were recovered from the plant . the bacteria in the hospital sample and the factory sample appeared to match each other genetically , the cdc said . but they did not appear identical to listeria samples taken from patients infected in the kansas outbreak . in a separate outbreak in texas , the cdc did find that listeria samples taken from patients who came down with listeriosis between 2010 and 2014 in a hospital that served 3-ounce blue bell cups matched the listeria in recovered samples . none of this means the ice cream is the source of either spate of the infections . `` investigation to determine whether these illnesses are related to exposure to blue bell products is ongoing , '' the cdc said . in early march , in light of the kansas listeria outbreak , blue bell recalled a group of products made at a plant in texas . it later added 3-ounce cup servings to the recall . five people were infected and three died in the past year in kansas from listeria that might be linked to blue bell creameries products , according to the cdc . all five of them were hospitalized at the same hospital before developing listeriosis , the cdc said . at least four of them had consumed milkshakes made with blue bell ice cream before developing the infection . `` we are devastated and know that blue bell has to be and can be better than this , '' paul kruse , blue bell ceo and president , said in a statement . `` quality and safety have always been our top priorities . we are deeply saddened and concerned for all those who have been affected . '' the cdc advises that individuals and institutions should check their freezers for the recalled products and throw them away . in a statement on its website , blue bell said `` this recall in no way includes blue bell ice cream half gallons , pints , quarts , 3 gallons or other 3 oz . cups . '' this has been the first product recall in the 108-year history of blue bell creameries , the company said . listeriosis is a serious infection caused by eating food contaminated with listeria , and primarily affects the elderly , pregnant women , newborns and people with weakened immune systems , according to the cdc . symptoms of a listeria infection are fever and muscle aches , sometimes associated with diarrhea or other gastrointestinal symptoms . in the united states , an estimated 1,600 people become seriously ill each year , and approximately 16 % of these illnesses result in death . cervical infections caused by listeriosis in pregnant women may result in stillbirth or spontaneous abortion during the second or third trimesters . cnn 's debra goldschmidt , amanda watts and jacque wilson contributed to this report .