( cnn ) pope francis will visit cuba on his way to the united states in september , the vatican said wednesday -- a trip that will come months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two countries . the exact timing of the cuba trip was n't immediately released , but the vatican said the pope would stop in cuba before his planned late september stops in washington , new york and philadelphia . in havana 's cathedral square , people reacted joyously to the news . `` the pope coming here , maybe he could ... make more positive ways for cubans to go towards religion , more than politics , '' said raul garcia , a cuban-american who returned to the island . `` i think it 's going to be a very good visit , very beneficial for the country . '' `` we are waiting for him . we 're very happy he is coming , '' said ulises , a man who sells brightly colored paintings of antique cars to tourists on the street next to the sprawling havana cathedral . `` he should come and get to know it and walk around the pretty spots in havana . '' cuba 's state-run television reported that francis would visit , but like the vatican did not report exactly when he would arrive . francis , the first pope from latin america , played a role in restarting diplomatic relations between cuba and the united states , earning praise from both u.s. president barack obama and cuban president raul castro . the pope made personal pleas to obama and cuban leaders in private letters , writing that the two nations should try to reset their relations after decades of friction . the vatican also hosted talks between u.s. and cuban delegations in october , where they hashed out aspects of a new trade policy and discussed the release of jailed american contractor alan gross , who was freed as part of the detente between the two countries . `` i want to thank his holiness , pope francis , whose moral example shows us the importance of pursuing the world as it should be , rather than simply settling for the world as it is , '' obama said in december as he announced a u.s. policy shift on cuba . since his election in 2013 , pope francis has displayed a deep interest in international affairs . he repeatedly urged western leaders not to bomb syria , hosted a prayer service between israeli and palestinian leaders at the vatican and waded into diplomatic controversy last week by referring to the killing of 1.5 million armenians a century ago as a `` genocide . '' the latter move deeply upset turkish leaders , who recalled their vatican ambassador . the pope is expected to continue his international activism in july with a trip to south america , where he will visit ecuador , bolivia and paraguay . in late september , francis will visit washington , where he will address congress ; new york , where he will address the u.n. general assembly ; and philadelphia , where he will celebrate a public mass that 's expected to draw more than 1 million people . francis will be the third consecutive leader of the roman catholic church to visit cuba . st. john paul ii stopped there for several days in 1998 , and pope benedict xvi visited for three days in 2012 . church officials in havana said that they expect francis ' visit to be shorter than those of his predecessors . officials from the vatican are expected to travel to the island soon to finalize logistics for francis ' trip , the officials said . cnn 's patrick oppmann reported from havana . cnn 's jason hanna wrote in atlanta . cnn 's hada messia contributed to this report from rome .