( cnn ) andrew getty , one of the heirs to billions of oil money , appears to have died of natural causes , a los angeles police department spokesman said . the coroner 's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of getty , grandson of oil tycoon j. paul getty , said detective meghan aguilar . andrew getty , 47 , had `` several health issues , '' aguilar said , adding that an autopsy will be conducted . there is no criminal investigation underway , he said . some medication had also been recovered from getty 's home , though investigators do n't know whether getty was taking it or what his medical history was , ed winter , assistant chief in the los angeles county coroner 's office , told cnn affiliate ktla tuesday night . ktla reported that getty was found on his side near a bathroom in his home . getty 's parents , ann and gordon getty , released a statement confirming their son 's death and asking for privacy . where the getty family fortune came from . gordon getty is one of three living sons of j. paul getty , the oil baron who was thought to be the richest man in the world at the time of his death in 1976 . gordon getty , 81 , has a net worth of $ 2.1 billion , according to forbes . one other son died in 1958 and another died in 1973 . gordon getty spearheaded the controversial sale of getty to texaco for $ 10 billion in 1984 . in its list of richest american families , forbes estimated the gettys ' net worth to be about $ 5 billion . court records show andrew getty had recently filed to get a restraining order against an ex-girlfriend . a hearing in the case had been scheduled for next week . in his request , getty said he had been diagnosed with a serious medical condition in 2013 . `` a rise in my blood pressure places me in grave risk of substantial and irreparable injury or death , '' he wrote in the petition . `` my doctors have advised that heated arguments can cause my blood pressure to rise dangerously . '' andrew getty had three brothers and three half-sisters . people we 've lost in 2015 . cnn 's doug criss , janet digiacomo , mark mooney , mike love , julie in and cheri mossburg contributed to this report .