( cnn ) chanting `` no justice ! no peace ! '' protesters rallied in baltimore late tuesday , the same day police released the names of the officers involved in the arrest of freddie gray . gray died of a spinal injury sunday , exactly one week after he was taken into custody . demonstrators marched to a local police station that was protected by barricades . one man was arrested after crossing that barricade , but the protest was peaceful . among the crowd were members of gray 's family , including his mother . she held her head and cried . many of the protesters clasped hands , and raised them in a show of support . `` make some noise for freddie gray , '' one man shouted into a megaphone . `` we wo n't stop , '' said another . `` we have the power and , of course , today shows we have the numbers . '' speaking to cnn 's `` anderson cooper 360 , '' baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said she understands where the protesters are coming from . she understands their frustration . `` mr. gray 's family deserves justice , and our community deserves an opportunity to heal , to get better , and to make sure that something like this does n't happen again , '' she said . earlier in the day , the baltimore police department released the names of six police officers suspended with pay . they are : lt. brian rice , 41 , who joined the department in 1997 ; officer caesar goodson , 45 , who joined in 1999 ; sgt . alicia white , 30 , who joined in 2010 ; officer william porter , 25 , who joined in 2012 ; officer garrett miller , 26 , who joined in 2012 ; and officer edward nero , 29 , who joined in 2012 . after an `` in-custody death , '' it is standard procedure to release the names of officers involved , said baltimore police department spokesman capt . eric kowalczyk . it does n't mean the officers did anything wrong , nor does it mean that these were the only officers involved , he said . of the six officers , three were on bikes and initially approached gray , another made eye contact with gray , another officer joined in the arrest after it was initiated and one drove the police van , kowalczyk said . the autopsy has n't yielded many answers in gray 's death -- in fact , it 's prompted more questions -- but baltimore 's mayor pledged tuesday to find out how the 25-year-old died after being arrested a week prior . `` i 'm going to make sure that as we get information that we can confirm , we 're going to put that information out in the public , '' mayor rawlings-blake said . `` i want people to understand that i have no interest in hiding information , holding back information . '' she 's angry , she said , and among the questions she wants answered are : why did police stop gray in the first place ? and why did arresting officers make what she called the mistake of not immediately requesting medical attention when gray asked for it ? i . `` he was dragged a bit , but then you see him using his legs to get into the van , so he was able-bodied when he was in the van , and we know that when he was finally taken out of the van , he was unresponsive , '' she said . challenged on the `` able-bodied '' remark -- video shows gray 's legs hanging listlessly as officers carry him by his shoulders -- rawlings-blake said the medical examiner would make the final determination , but `` we know he was fine getting into the van . '' `` we will get to the bottom of it , and we will go where the facts lead us , '' she said . `` we will hold people accountable if we find there was wrongdoing . '' she further said she `` absolutely believes we need to have an outside investigation , '' especially when baltimore 's dark history of police misconduct is considered . police plan to conclude their investigation by friday , may 1 . from there , the case will go to the state 's attorney 's office , which will decide whether to file charges . the justice department has been watching developments in the gray case and is officially looking into whether a prosecutable civil rights violation occurred , a spokesperson said tuesday . in october , the justice department announced a collaborative reform initiative with the baltimore police department to `` include an assessment of policies , training and operations as they relate to use of force and interactions with citizens . '' police brutality not on rise ; coverage is . `` when law enforcement misconduct is uncovered , the u.s. department of justice has a variety of tools available to respond . responses to misconduct in law enforcement organizations fall along a continuum of intervention , with the specific response calibrated to address the particular circumstances of any given situation , '' ronald davis , director of the justice department 's office of community oriented policing services , said in a statement at the time . the justice department began the data-gathering stage of the lengthy process in january and held its first public town hall last week at coppin state university . it was attended by hundreds of residents , many of whom sounded off about their experiences with baltimore police . `` right now , we are past the stage of implementing policies and procedures . this is a state of emergency right now , '' tawanda jones told justice department officials , according to cnn affiliate wbal . jones ' brother , tyrone west , died in police custody in 2013 . the mayor issued a statement ahead of the town hall , saying that 230 officers accused of misconduct between january 2012 and february 2015 had accepted punishment outright , while another 61 officers were found guilty through trial board hearings . bpd is the nation 's eighth-largest police force with almost 4,000 civilian and sworn personnel . `` i am determined to not allow a small handful of bad actors tarnish the reputation of the overwhelming majority of police officers putting their lives in danger to make baltimore a safer city , '' rawlings-blake said in the statement . the mayor had asked the justice department to take a look at the police department , the baltimore sun reported , saying that her request came on the heels of the newspaper 's report that the city had paid almost $ 6 million in judgments and settlements in 102 police misconduct civil suits since 2011 . overwhelmingly , the sun reported , the people involved in the incidents that sparked the lawsuits were cleared of criminal charges . under rawlings-blake 's watch , she said , the city has seen a decline in lawsuits , as well as reports of excessive force and discourtesy . `` i went to annapolis for tougher laws to hold cops accountable . i 'm fighting to bring back the trust between the police and the community , '' she said . according to documents obtained monday , the april 12 incident began when gray ran from police . while the court documents allege that one of the arresting officers , garrett miller , took gray into custody after finding a switchblade in his pocket , the gray family attorney called the allegation a `` sideshow . '' gray was carrying a `` pocket knife of legal size , '' attorney william murphy said . police never saw the knife and chased gray only after he took off running , the attorney said . court documents said gray `` fled unprovoked upon noticing police presence . '' `` the officer noticed a knife clipped to the inside of ( gray 's ) front right pants pocket . the defendant was arrested without force or incident , '' the documents say . `` the knife was recovered by this officer and found to be a spring assisted , one-hand-operated knife . '' the mayor has questioned whether police should have pursued gray in the first place . `` it is not necessarily probable cause to chase someone . so , we still have questions , '' rawlings-blake said . gray was in perfect health until police chased and tackled him , murphy said . less than an hour later , he was on his way to a trauma clinic with a spinal injury , where he fell into a coma . the family has not seen the autopsy report yet , murphy said , and relatives are still waiting to take possession of gray 's body . the family intends to have a second , private autopsy conducted once baltimore police turn over the body , the attorney said . police , according to their own timeline , spotted gray , gave chase , caught him , cuffed him and requested a paddy wagon in fewer than four minutes . the transport van left with gray about 11 minutes after that , police said , and another 30 minutes passed before `` units request paramedics to the western district to transport the suspect to an area hospital . '' when cell phones began recording , gray was already on the ground with three officers kneeling over him . he let out long screams . officers had encountered him a minute earlier in an area where drug deals and crime are common , deputy police commissioner rodriguez said . gray has an extensive criminal history , which appears to be mostly drug-related . the officers called for a prisoner transport van . cell phone video taken from two positions showed officers lifting gray , whose hands were cuffed , by his shoulders and dragging him to the back of the van . officers put more restraints on gray inside the van , police said , while surveillance video recorded him conscious and talking . that was at 8:54 a.m.b . at 9:24 a.m. , police called an ambulance to pick gray up . murphy and angry residents of baltimore want to know what happened in those 30 minutes in between . police said gray requested medical attention , including an inhaler , and an ambulance later took him to the university of maryland medical center 's shock trauma center . `` he lapsed into a coma , died , was resuscitated , stayed in a coma and on monday underwent extensive surgery at shock trauma to save his life , '' murphy said . `` he clung to life for seven days . '' what we know and do n't know about gray 's death . cnn 's suzanne malveaux , shawn nottingham , anneclaire stapleton , julian cummings , chris cuomo , ben brumfield and dana ford contributed to this report .