catania , italy ( cnn ) the boat that sank in the mediterranean over the weekend with hundreds of migrants on board may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid , a u.n. official said . carlotta asami , a spokeswoman for the united nations ' refugee agency , made the comments to cnn early tuesday after she and two of her colleagues had spoken to multiple survivors from the disaster who arrived in catania , italy . `` they say that there was a point in which they were very close and probably what happened is that , you know , a big ship creating a big wave -- they were approaching in a very strong manner and they lost balance , '' asami said . the account she offered differs from that provided by italian authorities on sunday . they said that as the cargo ship king jacob approached late saturday , migrants on the smaller boat moved to one side , hoping to be saved , and caused the vessel to capsize . mark clark -- a communications executive representing osm maritime group , the company that manages the king jacob -- denied that the cargo ship caused the migrant boat to capsize . he said he also believed that people on the migrant boat rushed to one side , causing many to fall off . the cargo ship was going very slowly as it approached , hardly making any waves , clark told cnn . it deployed rescue boats , a gangway , nets and life rings , he said . the conflicting accounts of the chaotic events highlight the challenges faced by commercial vessels that are often called upon to help in the escalating migrant boat crisis in the mediterranean . asami said the survivors whom she and her colleagues spoke to were `` consistent '' in what they were saying . she said their accounts made it `` credible to think '' that between 800 and 850 people were on board the boat that capsized roughly 110 kilometers ( 70 miles ) north of libya . previous estimates had put the number of people aboard anywhere between 700 and 950 . italian authorities , who have been coordinating the rescue effort , say only 28 survivors were rescued and 24 bodies have been recovered . the king jacob , whose crew members are all from the philippines , saved 22 of the survivors , according to clark . the cause of the shipwreck is part of italian authorities ' investigation , said giovanni salvi , catania 's public prosecutor . investigators want to study the king jacob 's voyage data recorder and find the wreck of the sunken boat , he told a news conference monday . the likely toll makes the sinking the deadliest known disaster involving migrants crossing the mediterranean from north africa . many of the victims are feared to be still trapped inside the sunken boat . asami said the survivors told her and her colleagues that they were all on the highest part of the overcrowded boat , while many people were down in the lowest area . italian authorities said sunday that an unidentified bangladeshi survivor had told them that the smugglers had locked many people inside the lower levels of the vessel . two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in sicily on monday , according to italian police officer maria guia federico . they were the boat 's tunisian captain and a syrian crew member , said salvi , the catania prosecutor . italian police identified the two suspects through questioning survivors aboard the coast guard vessel that brought them to catania , salvi said , according to italian media . the sinking appears to be the worst among an intensifying spate of migrant boat disasters in the mediterranean to which european governments are struggling to respond . vast numbers of people fleeing violence and poverty have been setting out on the risky journey across the mediterranean to southern europe for years , but authorities have reported a sharp increase this month in the numbers in need of rescue . the number of deaths has also skyrocketed . the international organization for migration said monday that more than 1,100 people were estimated to have drowned in the waters between libya and italy just in the past week . it reported monday that three other migrant boats could be in distress in international waters . shipping companies recently warned that european governments are putting what they say is an unfair burden on their vessels to come to the aid of migrant boats in trouble . `` we believe it is unacceptable that the international community is increasingly relying on merchant ships and seafarers to undertake more and more large-scale rescues , with single ships having to rescue as many 500 people at a time , '' the european community shipowners associations said in a letter to eu leaders last month . `` commercial ships are not equipped to undertake such large-scale rescues , which also create serious risks to the safety , health and welfare of ships ' crews who should not be expected to deal which such situations , '' the letter said . commercial ships rescued more than 40,000 people in the mediterranean last year , according to the international organization for migration . that 's higher than the more than 35,000 people saved by the italian coast guard but lower than the 80,000 rescued by the italian navy , which was running a special program , mare nostrum , for most of the year . european union ministers met monday in luxembourg and proposed a 10-point plan to help address the crisis . `` we are not yet working on numbers , but what we have agreed on today is , for sure , the need to increase significantly the resources at sea , and the level of the operation , doing more search and rescue and doing it more together , '' said federica mogherini , the eu high representative for foreign affairs and security police . mogherini told cnn that the european union must fight human traffickers , strengthen europeans ' duty to save lives at sea and share responsibility when it comes to the resettlement and relocation of refugees . `` we need to fight the organizations that are trafficking and smuggling people , so that we can prevent desperate people from leaving in desperate conditions , '' mogherini said . `` my pain is that it was a reaction coming too late after so many people died . '' but some groups said european officials were offering too little too late . `` what we needed from eu foreign ministers today was life-saving action , but they dithered , '' said justin forsyth , the chief executive of save the children . `` with each day we delay we lose more innocent lives and europe slips further into an immoral abyss , '' forsyth said in a statement . `` right now , people desperately seeking a better life are drowning in politics . '' cnn 's karl penhaul reported from catania , and jethro mullen reported and wrote from hong kong . cnn 's hada messia , isa soares and atika shubert contributed to this report .