rome ( cnn ) italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from africa and middle east hoping to make it to europe . from friday to monday , a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued , according to the italian coast guard , which said it received on monday -- alone -- sos calls from 20 boats in distress . on tuesday , a spokesman with save the children told cnn the group fears 400 migrants could be missing , citing testimony from survivors who said their ship carrying 550 people capsized in the mediterranean sea about 80 miles off the libyan coast . the italian coast guard , however , told cnn that while it is taking the report seriously , it can not confirm such an incident and has not yet found evidence at sea to indicate a migrant boat carrying approximately 550 has capsized with 145 rescued . an operation that included boats and planes did not find any survivors , nor bodies , nor any evidence to indicate a particular boat capsized , coast guard official filippo marini said . there has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the mediterranean into italy and an increase in rescues performed by the italian coast guard to aid migrant boats . why migrants are dying trying to reach italy . according to the international organization for migration , italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving in the first three months of 2015 , and about 2,000 were rescued at sea during the first weekend of april in the channel of sicily . most migrants recorded this year come from countries in west africa as well as somalia and syria , the iom said . they use libya as a country of transit . at least 480 migrants have died while crossing the mediterranean since the beginning of the year , often because of bad weather and overcrowded vessels used by smugglers , the iom said . sometimes the captains and crews abandon the ships , leaving passengers to fend for themselves . last week : 978 migrants rescued in one day in mediterranean sea . cnn 's ralph ellis contributed to this report .