( cnn ) i usually think of april as tax month , but it seems to be morphing into national get tested month . dallas mavericks owner mark cuban advised twitterers to have their blood tested for everything available -- and to do so every three months . following her mother 's cancer diagnosis , singer taylor swift urged her fans to remind their parents to get screening tests . and arizona gov . doug ducey signed legislation to allow arizonans to get any lab test without a doctor 's order . freedom of information -- always sounds like a good thing . but there are many lab tests to order on yourself : medicare 's clinical diagnostic laboratory fee schedule lists over a thousand . they are not all blood tests , but a lot of them are . and since blood tests require blood , you would surely develop at least one medical problem if you actually followed mr. cuban 's advice to get them all : anemia . a frothy private sector is gearing up to serve the `` test me '' market . in those states that allow it -- and over half do -- laboratories are offering walk-in and online services to individuals who want to check their own lab values . ( and if you want to get in on the ground floor of this business , check out the franchise opportunities at any labtest now , fastest labs , and all labtests fast . ) some might argue that this freedom to test is the path to a healthier society . but the primary effect wo n't be more health , but rather more medical care . fundamentally well people will appear in doctors ' offices with `` abnormal '' results . abnormalities are common in normal people , as we learned when whole-body ct scanning was in vogue a decade ago ( thankfully , only briefly ) . so doctors will increasingly face one of two options : take the time to reassure these new patients that their results are n't really that abnormal or chase down abnormal results with more testing . further testing will often make clear that the initial results were false alarms . or it will confirm the presence of abnormality -- most of which will be minor abnormalities . often it wo n't be clear what to do , but doctors will be pressed to do something . that 's when the real problems begin . will anybody be helped ? maybe . will anybody be hurt ? definitely . the disturbing truth is that it is hard for us to make well people feel better . but it 's not that hard for us to make them feel worse . decades of research have shown that there are real side-effects to testing the well : more anxiety ( that ca n't be good for your health ) , more procedures ( which often involve needles , pain and can even lead to complications like collapsed lungs ) and more treatment for `` disease '' not destined to cause problems ( as in over a million additional american men treated for prostate cancer , ditto women for breast cancer ) . to see how far wrong testing can go , check out south korea : where ultrasound screening has increased the amount of thyroid cancer -- and thyroid cancer surgery -- by 15-fold . i can tell you one thing for sure , the freedom to test wo n't save money . sure , a competitive market will drive down prices for individual tests . but advertising will drive up the volume of testing . and then there are all the office visits and subsequent testing for the abnormal results . this will cost people real money -- either in terms of higher insurance premiums or higher out-of-pocket costs . maybe this kind of freedom of information is n't such a good thing . of course , there have been genuine advances in diagnostic testing . diagnostic tests can be extremely useful in sorting out acute medical problems . but if you feel well , do n't think that testing will make you feel better . the biotech sector is excited about testing well people -- it 's a huge market -- and is developing lots of new product . now you can sequence your dna , soon you will be able to monitor your immune system 's signature . now you can monitor your vital signs on your smartwatch , soon you will be able to test your breath for lung cancer on a phone app . they are even implanting thermodynamic sensors in a bra to test for breast cancer . a breast cancer monitoring bra -- i ca n't make this stuff up . should we outlaw an individual 's freedom to test ? no . we do n't need another victimless crime . but it is certainly an area that demands regulation . the food and drug administration has a longstanding mandate to protect us from snake oil treatments . now it needs to start worrying about snake oil testing . it 's also an area that demands education . the public needs to know that while medical data can be very useful , that does n't mean they are routinely useful . abnormalities in sick patients mean something different than the same abnormalities in well people . it is easier to collect data than it is to know what the data mean -- much less what to do about the results . freedom is a good thing . but feel free not to exercise your freedoms . just as carrying a gun does n't necessarily make you any safer , testing yourself does n't necessarily make you any healthier .