boston ( cnn ) adrianne haslet-davis and her husband , adam davis , were standing near the finish line on the day of the boston marathon bombing . her feet were sore from wearing 4.5-inch heels . still , they walked to boylston street to watch the runners . `` we were so in love and happy together , '' she told a federal jury wednesday . it was the second day the boston jury heard a procession of heartbreaking loss -- the survivors and families of those killed when twin bombs planted by the pair of brothers named tsarnaev exploded near the finish line . the jury must decide whether bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , should live or die for what he has done . haslet-davis and davis , who had just returned from a tour in afghanistan with the air force , were steps away from the explosion near the forum restaurant . she recalled the force of the blast that killed three people and injured over 200 that april day in 2013 . she knew right away it was a terrorist attack . screams and heavy smoke filled the air . she could n't hear her own screams . she thought she was dead . when her husband , who also was injured , lifted her leg , he too let out a scream . she said she thought he was in shock . she rolled over onto her stomach and crawled over broken glass , shredding her arms . she dragged herself to the forum . `` i saw all five of my toes , but i saw a lot of blood , '' she said . `` i did n't see my ankle . '' a ballroom dancer , haslet-davis ' left leg would later be amputated below the knee . inside the forum , haslet-davis begged for whiskey . `` i just wanted the pain to go away . i only begged for the whiskey when i thought i was going to die . '' when someone removed adam 's shoe , an artery was spurting blood . his face got whiter and whiter , she said . his eye rolled back . she thought he was dead . at a hospital , she called her parents on her cellphone . she told them she was in a terrorist attack . `` i do n't think i have a left foot anymore , '' she told her father . `` i 'm in really bad shape and i really need to talk to you because this might be it . '' her father told her he was driving and it was illegal to pull over . `` i do n't care if it 's illegal . i need to talk to you because these might be our last words . i said i was in a terrorist attack at the boston marathon and adam is dead and this might be it for me . '' haslet-davis told the jury that , at the forum , her husband kept telling her he was sorry . `` that was all he could say . that he loved me . he was so sorry . '' her husband , she said , has since `` bravely admitted himself into a mental facility at the va hospital . '' after her testimony , haslet-davis walked slowly off the stand . she appeared to glare at tsarnaev , who did not look at her . earlier this week , prosecutors showed jurors an image of tsarnaev taken when he was in a holding cell . it was dated july 10 , 2013 -- the day of his arraignment on charges he deliberately set off the deadly bombs . he glares into the camera defiantly , his middle finger raised in a gesture that assistant u.s. attorney nadine pellegrini said showed a young man who was `` unconcerned , unrepentant and unchanged . '' on wednesday , tsarnaev 's lawyer , miriam conrad , sought to discredit the use of the image . she suggested the gesture had been presented to the jury out of context . on cross-examination of a deputy u.s. marshal , conrad showed the jury security footage from which the image was taken . in it , tsarnaev is seen looking into the camera touching his hair . moments before , he has two fingers up , forming what conrad called a `` v sign , '' before raising his middle finger . gary olivera , a deputy u.s . marshal for 14 years , admitted that the camera was encased in a reflective surface and tsarnaev could have been using it as a mirror . `` a lot of times people do that to get our attention , '' olivera said . also wednesday , jinyan zhao told the jury about her niece , lingzi lu , a `` beautiful nerd '' and graduate student at boston university who was killed in the bombing . lingzi lu was originally from china but was buried in boston . `` how she died , and why she died , it just felt like she is part of boston , part of city , '' her aunt said . `` the thinking is she should just be here . '' the family , zhao said , put a music box and some books in her casket . her mother put a bracelet on her wrist and touched her hand . later , her mother described her beautiful hand . zhao recalled what lu 's mother said to her : `` ' no matter what i do n't want to believe it is her hand . ' `` the brother and stepfather of sean collier also took the stand wednesday . collier was the mit police officer who was shot in his patrol car , another victim of the tsarnaev brothers as they tried to evade capture . sean collier always wanted to be a cop , said his brother . he was a child who viewed life in terms of right and wrong . either you did it or you did n't . `` we thought it was typical little boy stuff , but he never grew out of it , '' andrew collier told the jury . `` sean was always the one to spill the beans , '' said joe rodgers , 59 , who married collier 's mother , kelly , in 1993 . `` he was a cop from an early age . '' on a thursday night in april 2013 , massachusetts institute of technology police officer sean collier lay bleeding in his patrol car after being ambushed and shot in the head . his car door was open , and his foot was lodged between the gas and brake pedals . the officer who found collier testified at trial that he had wounds to the temple , neck and head . he was bleeding out as officers tried to revive him . collier would become the fourth victim of the tsarnaev brothers . the night still feels like a dream for rodgers . `` he had a hole in the middle of his head , '' rodgers said . `` he was shot to pieces . he was just laying there . my wife was touching him , and his blood was coming up in her hands . '' prosecution shows what it calls tsarnaev 's defiant message to u.s . prosecutors said the brothers killed collier because they wanted his gun . but their efforts to take it were thwarted by a safety holster . tamerlan , 26 , was killed in a chase and gunbattle with police that began with reports of an `` officer down '' at mit . less than two weeks after tsarneav was found guilty on every count , the jury deciding his punishment is hearing about the lasting impact of his deeds . earlier , mit police chief john difava told the jury that he hired collier , who fit in `` perfectly '' because of his policing style and engaging personality . the mit police , who are designated as special officers by the massachusetts state police , patrol the sprawling campus in cambridge . `` the atmosphere of the department changed since april 18 , 2013 , '' he said . `` there is sadness and a sense of loss . i think that it will be there for as long as that generation of officers remains . it was remarkable the amount of support we got from the community , but sean 's death hangs like a weight . '' difava has come to question whether he wants to continue on the force . `` policing is the only thing i 've done in my life , and i 've always tried to be good at what i do , '' he said . `` i lost one of my own . i have children at home and i 've always thought i would have been very , very proud for them to wear the uniform . now i 'm not so sure . '' rodgers said it took his wife , kelly , months to gain the strength to climb out of bed after losing her son . saturday was the second anniversary of the bombing . she cried all weekend . `` she was very strong , '' he said . `` she was a happy person . she was a good mother . since sean 's death , she 's very scared of anything that might happen to any of the other children . '' kelly became pregnant with sean after losing a baby that lived for a day or two , rodgers said . his birth lifted her out of depression . `` he was special , '' he said , adding that sean is now buried alongside the baby . rodgers said he still feels beat down two years later . `` there 's something missing , '' he said . `` thanksgiving and christmas will never be the same . '' collier 's brother andrew said , `` even when we 're having fun , there 's always a cloud over us . i miss sean . i miss everything about him . '' the prosecution is expected to rest friday , according to an official with insight into the prosecutor 's plans . poll : 53 % say tsarnaev should face death penalty . ann o'neill and aaron cooper reported from boston , ray sanchez wrote in new york .