tehran , iran ( cnn ) there is a persian proverb that says : `` a good year is determined by its spring . '' for many iranians , the historic decision by tehran and six world powers -- the united states , britain , france , germany , russia and china -- to continue nuclear negotiations under a `` joint comprehensive plan of action '' is an indication that this year 's norouz , the persian new year that started on march 21 , will be a superb one indeed . although edgy hardliners may now try to play games and complain the preliminary agreement is not what they had hoped , for many people it shows excellent progress and that 's what they want . it paves the way for a much broader deal by end of june that guarantees the peaceful nature of tehran 's nuclear activities in return for the lifting of sanctions and a return to the international community . as is , the stakes are high and the choice is clear for president hassan rouhani and his `` moderate '' administration . they must now be over the moon : in early 2016 , there will be legislative and assembly of experts elections , the latter of which elects the country 's leader . this historic agreement will make sure they win both the elections . so far , rouhani 's team has done nothing to improve the living conditions of ordinary iranians who complain they have lost half of their purchasing power in recent years . read more : will iran 's supreme leader drink ' poison ' of peace ? during his presidential campaign , he promised to do so `` only '' if he could seal a nuclear deal with the world powers . and now he has . a full deal ultimately represents a referendum on the rouhani administration 's foreign policy . it will definitely strengthen his hand , which he needs to stay in the game , or better yet , win the next presidential race . the good news is that people are more than happy to welcome the preliminary agreement . they had always wanted a way out of the current impasse with the rest of the world and as a reward they could keep the moderates in power for the foreseeable future . iranians blame sanctions and the previous hardline government for the sorry state of affairs in the economy -- especially the way they so poorly handled past nuclear talks of the past -- with devastating consequences . many believe that now there is a joint comprehensive plan of action -- the culmination of a 12-year process -- there is something to hope for . in many respects , it 's a new beginning and that allows iranians a very small degree of hope inside themselves too . looking back , the previous government traded those expectations for international isolation and economic hardship . despite skepticism , even the country 's leader , ayatollah seyyed ali khamenei , now feels that the light at the end of the tunnel might not be a train and that the talks could end well . read more : what 's in the iran nuclear deal ? 7 key points . little wonder he had urged the nation -- including the well-funded hardliners -- to support the government 's overture , saying the negotiating team was trustworthy and had been doing a fine job . it was a historic gesture that represents qualified support for continued diplomacy and that could lead to a historic step forward . it places confidence and hope in the negotiating team and the p5+1 group of world powers , guaranteeing no-one in iran will stand in the way of principled diplomatic engagement and international rapprochement . within this context , many iranians are jubilant . they should be . more than ever , they are confident that not striking a comprehensive deal would be a historic mistake . they are confident it is within reach and this is as it should be : a win-win deal for all . they now strongly believe the lifting of international sanctions is no longer illusive . it would resuscitate the country 's ailing economy and improve their lives . at least , that 's what they hope . it 's early spring and people on the streets are talking about nothing but the current choice . it represents the biggest chance of rapprochement between tehran and washington since the iranian revolution in 1979 . after all , for many iranians this is more than just a nuclear agreement .