( cnn ) the solar impulse 2 , the experimental plane attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel , has been grounded by the weather in china . what was supposed to be an overnight pit stop in the southwestern city of chongqing has now stretched into a two-and-a-half week stay . it 's an unexpected layover that is testing the patience of the pilots and more than 60 team members , just a quarter of the way along a journey that will cover some 35,000 kilometers ( 21,748 miles ) over five months . `` you can believe that your will can influence the weather , '' says pilot bertrand piccard , who comes from a long family line of explorers . but `` then you 'll be really disappointed because it does n't work . `` or you just know that it 's an adventure you do with the forces of nature . '' piccard , along with andre borschberg , a swiss engineer , are taking turns flying the single-seater aircraft , which took off from abu dhabi on march 9 and has successfully flown through oman , india , and myanmar . there is much at stake . their mission , which the pilots say is aimed at proving the power of renewable energy , and inspiring innovation , has been 12 years in the making . in many ways , it has become piccard and borschberg 's raison d'etre . but so far , the solar impulse 2 has been spending a lot of time on the ground . the latest setback came when a thursday takeoff was canceled , because the cross winds in nanjing , the plane 's destination , were forecast to be too strong around its expected landing time . because of its weight , at just 2,300 kilograms -- about the same as a large suv -- the aircraft needs near perfect weather conditions , including cross winds of less than 4 knots , or about 7 kilometers an hour , in order to fly . while the team is used to waiting , they are clearly eager to move on . `` our boss is the sun , '' says solar impulse spokeswoman claudia durgnat . durgnat says there may be a tiny window ahead , with the next possible departure from chongqing on tuesday . `` it 's not good before , and the days after do n't look very clear . '' even with the delay , durgnat says , the plane technically is n't behind schedule . that 's because the team needs to wait until the end of the month for the northern hemisphere days to get longer , before the plane can venture across the pacific ocean to hawaii . with more than 17,000 solar cells along the tops of its wings and fuselage , the solar impulse 2 stores up energy during the day , in order to power the motors that carry it through the night , typically at speeds no faster than a car on a highway . inside a specially constructed tent at the end of the runway at chongqing international airport , a skeleton team of less than a dozen people works to complete the day 's tasks . the rest of the crew has been waiting for weeks in nanjing . even with the extended stay , no time is wasted . piccard spends a few hours of the afternoon in the cockpit , training to prepare for the solar impulse 's crossings over the pacific and atlantic ocean , what the team calls `` the moment of truth . '' the plane will then return to abu dhabi , where it had taken off . nearby , two technicians repair a couple of the flight computers , which display critical information in the cockpit , punching extra holes in their casings so they do n't overheat . meanwhile , borschberg has returned to switzerland to rest and get medical treatment for a migraine and a skin condition . the team expects him back in china early next week . borschberg is still scheduled to fly first leg of the pacific crossing , which could last up to five days and nights . `` the airplane is ready . the mission control center is ready . we 've been waiting for that moment since so long , '' says piccard . borschberg and piccard , who piloted an earlier version of the plane across the u.s. in 2013 , are no strangers to adventure . borschberg is a former fighter pilot , and piccard was part of the first team to circumnavigate the earth nonstop in a balloon in 1999 .