( cnn ) the arizona police officer who slammed into an armed suspect with his patrol car told investigators he thought he was too far to take a shot at the man , so he chose the other option , cnn affiliate kvoa reported wednesday . officer michael rapiejko ran his car into mario valencia in february as the suspect carried a rifle he had just fired in the air . rapiejko sped around another officer as valencia walked through a business park , hit the man from behind with the left side of his front bumper . valencia , who flew through this air , survived and faces more than a dozen charges for an alleged crime spree that day . his lawyer has said police used excessive force and could have killed a man who was obviously unstable . the marana police department has defended rapiejko , saying deadly force was warranted because the suspect had a rifle , ammunition and was walking toward offices where hundreds of people work . marana is just northwest of tucson . officer who drove into suspect justified , chief says . kvoa obtained police inquiry tapes on which rapiejko tells investigators why he chose his car as a weapon . the officer , who has been a cop for more than a decade but joined the marana police department in 2014 , said he was 50 yards away from the suspect and worried a missed shot might hit another officer or bystanders . `` there were occupied businesses , and there were two officers at the other side of the street , '' he says on the recording . `` this is what i deem as a lethal force encounter . i have two thoughts that go in my mind : i need to shoot him to stop the threat , or i need to run him over to stop the threat . '' another officer , who was slowing trailing valencia and ahead of rapiejko , says on another recording that if a civilian had stumbled upon valencia , the suspect might have taken a hostage or killed the person . video of the car striking valencia sparking nationwide debate on what type of force police should use to go after armed suspects . many people commended the officer . some people said the police should have set up a perimeter around the man and talked him into surrendering . valencia faces 15 charges , including three counts of aggravated assault , three counts of armed robbery and possession of a deadly weapon by a prohibited possessor . valencia 's attorney , michelle cohen-metzger , told cnn last week that `` it is miraculous that my client is n't dead . '' valencia , who is in pima county jail , is scheduled to appear in court again on may 18 . authorities chose not to charge rapiejko . officer who drove into suspect subject of excessive force lawsuit in new york . cnn 's shane deitert and tony marco contributed to this report .