( cnn ) south america 's atacama desert , one of the driest places on earth , resembles some of the faraway planets monitored by giant telescopes there . the lack of humidity provides optimal conditions to watch the sky and study the origins of the universe . `` it is pure visual silence , '' said photographer andres figueroa . `` it is amazing . there is absolutely no humidity , and ( these conditions ) create some striking contrasts . '' there , in that clear , inhospitably arid environment , figueroa turned his camera lens toward another discussion on cosmology , one rooted in the ancient folklore of the andean people . taking along his mobile lighting studio , figueroa photographed a series of religious festivals that take place every july in the atacama . in his `` dancers of the deserts '' series , figueroa chronicles these festivals , which attract about 200,000 people to some otherwise quiet mining towns in chile . `` i have always wanted to see the desert . even though i am not very religious , i 've always been curious about their traditions , '' said figueroa , who is from the chilean capital of santiago . figueroa worked hard on cataloging and differentiating the ceremonies and their complex rituals -- at times playing the role of an artist , others as an anthropologist -- but he always remained faithful to his love for classic portraiture . `` from an anthropological standpoint , i was interested in documenting all the signs and symbols that appear in each costume and character , all the indigenous and catholic syncretism , '' he said . `` my lighting studio allowed me to pick up on these details . `` from a portraiture standpoint , i used a formal approach to explain this living culture that is constantly growing and reinventing itself . i asked each character to stop to be photographed , taking them away momentarily from the festival in a more intimate scenario . '' photographing adobe walls , desert landscapes and the ubiquitous camping sites where pilgrims come to gather , figueroa said each character is perched in his or her own context . social media . follow @ cnnphotos on twitter to join the conversation about photography . bears and devils pose in the desert in striking contrast . these photos highlight the uniqueness of andean culture , which draws influences from europe , the inca and more recently , chinese traditions . there are endless nuances , not always perceived by the naked eye . `` it is a very special festival . when you see the bears , you see them participating in the different roles , blending in with the ( the devils ) , '' figueroa said . `` and sometimes , you see them as a central figure in a festival of their own . it is amazing , a tradition brought by the chinese near peru . '' figueroa , who befriended many of the musicians and dancers , said it was important to take part in the festival in order to understand its meaning to the community . `` i had to understand the hierarchy and protocols of each group , '' he said . `` as a photographer , it is important to create the conditions for things to happen . you can have it all planned and set up in order for things to naturally take place . '' figueroa said the desert festivals have a deeper role in a region that struggles with social problems such as drug trafficking and poverty . it is the glue that binds families , and young people heavily invest their time and money to make their costumes and parade with pride . the festivals `` are a form of social protection , '' figueroa said . `` i felt the presence of love ... their love and effort in communicating with their divinity and holding together as communities . '' andres figueroa is a chilean photographer . you can follow him on facebook .