( cnn ) no prostitutes . no ifs , ands or buts -- and yes , that includes when and where prostitution is perfectly legal . that was the message friday from attorney general eric holder to members of the u.s. justice department , which includes the fbi , u.s . marshals service , bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives and other agencies . `` the solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the department , '' holder wrote in a memo to all personnel in the department he heads . `` ... regardless of whether prostitution is legal or tolerated in a particular jurisdiction , soliciting prostitutes creates a greater demand for human trafficking and a consequent increase in the number of minor and adult persons trafficked into commercial sex slavery . '' holder does n't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution in his memo . nor is he dictating a new policy ; the attorney general said only that he wanted `` to reiterate to all department personnel , including attorneys and law enforcement officers , that they are prohibited from soliciting , procuring or accepting commercial sex . '' agents behaving badly overseas . the directive comes a few weeks after a justice department inspector general report found dea agents in foreign postings attended sex parties with prostitutes paid for by drug cartels , among other indiscretions . that report , by department inspector general michael horowitz , cited light punishments and poor handling of sexual misconduct cases at dea and other justice department agencies . justice department employees do n't have a monopoly on such stories : in 2012 , a group of agents and officers in the secret service -- which is part of the department of homeland security -- and officers sent to colombia ahead of president barack obama were relieved of duty and returned home amid allegations of misconduct that involved prostitution . that prostitute visit was arranged for by a dea agent stationed in colombia , according to horowitz 's office . if someone from the atf , fbi , federal bureau of prisons or a federal prosecutor is caught with a prostitute they 'll be suspended or fired , according to holder 's memo . `` this rule applies at all times during an individual 's employment , including while off duty or on personal leave . ''