kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) a suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up in front of the kabul bank in jalalabad early saturday , a local government spokesman said . the isis terrorist group claimed responsibility for the attack . the explosion killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others , public health spokesman najibullah kamawal said . the claim appears to be the first in afghanistan by isis , cnn 's nick paton walsh said . it was made by an offshoot called isis wilayat khorasan . in a statement , the group said the bomber was named abu mohammad and he belonged to their ranks . he was targeting government workers collecting their pay at the bank , the terrorists said . he detonated his charge at the peak of rush hour on the first day of the week , when the bank would be expected to be crowded . taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid , in a text message to journalists , distanced his group from the attack . `` the explosion in jalalabad does n't have anything to do with us and we condemn it , '' he said . isis refers to afghanistan and pakistan as the province of `` khorasan . '' in march , cnn reported on isis recruiting in afghanistan . the united nations condemned the violence . `` the continuing use of suicide attacks in densely populated areas , that are certain to kill and maim large numbers of afghan civilians , may amount to a war crime , '' said nicholas haysom , head of the united nations assistance mission in afghanistan . the united nations said that in the first three months of the year 655 people were killed and 1,155 were wounded in suicide attacks throughout the country . fears about isis involvement in the region have been growing this year . in february , mullah abdul rauf , a former taliban commander who had become a recruiter for isis in afghanistan , was killed in a drone strike , according to officials who spoke to cnn . and later that same week , gen. john campbell , the top u.s. and nato commander in afghanistan , told the senate armed services committee that he was concerned about the growth of isis in the area . `` you do have some of the taliban breaking off and claiming allegiance toward isis , '' campbell said , attributing the phenomenon partly to a feeling of disenfranchisement on the parts of some taliban members -- who , he said , may use isis tactics to gain media attention . cnn 's brian walker , ben brumfield and don melvin contributed to this report .