nairobi , kenya ( cnn ) they were sons and daughters , brothers and sisters , friends and fellow citizens . they were students and dreamers , pursuing their ambition for a better life . and on tuesday night , kenyans remembered them as innocent victims of a terrorist attack that stunned a nation and left communities heartbroken . the gathering started with quiet chatter among a crowd of hundreds before mourners went silent and moved toward one end of nairobi 's uhuru park . organizers unloaded 147 crosses from a truck and quietly planted them in the ground . mourners read names of some of the victims as candles flickered in the dark . the crowd then sang the national anthem . the attack at a university in garissa on thursday killed 147 people , mostly students . the al-shabaab militant group claimed responsibility . as the country mourned the victims , others took to social media to humanize them by sharing their stories . they talked about aspiring lawyers , doctors and teachers . `` i ca n't even look at pictures of the people killed without crying , '' said mary wambui , 32 , who lives in nakuru , hundreds of miles from garissa . `` they were just children . they were trying to make a better life for themselves . some were first to go to college in their communities . they died trying to get an education . '' using the hashtag # 147notjustanumber , kenyans used social media to talk about the lives of the victims . they shared pictures of beaming faces , full of life and energy , in happier days . they talked about parents too shocked to speak after identifying their children 's bodies . `` we need to talk about the bright futures cut short , '' said boniface mwangi , who organized the vigil . `` today 's meeting will be a calling to say , ' we need to remember the 147 ; they are not just a number . ' we are trying to avoid remembering these people as just a number . '' some students remain unaccounted for , and wailing relatives alternate their searches between hospitals and morgues . kenyan authorities have not released a list of the names of the victims . at uhuru park , right next to the crosses , a bulletin board featured 32 photos of the young students . `` with the previous attacks , there 's been a sense of the victims just being numbers , '' doreen areri said . `` the idea behind this is to have faces behind the numbers . we need to hear their stories , their dreams . '' kellie murungi said she got some solace from the vigil . `` in 2010 , i was in a grenade attack in downtown nairobi and every time there 's a terrorist attack , it hits too close to home , '' murungi said . `` it 's not just happened to me , but many others . '' the vigil was important for the healing process , she said , because `` we should n't have people walking around with scars . '' it was the deadliest attack in the nation since al qaeda killed more than 200 people at the u.s. embassy in nairobi in 1998 . in the garissa attack , the terrorists separated christians from muslims , making some recite verses from the quran . those who could n't quote the holy book tried to flee the gunfire , but whizzing bullets sent them to the ground . others scampered into closets and stayed there for hours . images from the scene showed heaps of students , faces down , lying in pools of blood . `` those images will haunt us forever , '' said martin otieno , 29 , who lives in nairobi . `` as a nation , we should never let this happen . we just ca n't . '' kenya launched airstrikes monday targeting al-shabaab 's training camps in somalia , according to a military source , adding that the strikes were not retribution for last week 's massacre at the university . `` the latest attack of al-shabaab bases by the kenya military is part of the ongoing operations that started in 2011 . it is not a retaliation to the garissa attack . the operation has been ongoing , '' the source said monday . kenyan authorities had intelligence beforehand that a university in garissa could be attacked , yet the country 's rapid response team was stuck in nairobi for hours after the massacre awaiting transport , a police source said monday . it 's unclear why the elite team was stuck in the kenyan capital about 230 miles ( 370 kilometers ) west of the attack . kenyan politicians and nairobi-based journalists arrived on the scene before the team did . once the team entered the university complex , the hourslong siege was quickly defused . but a government spokesman defended the response time . `` with the benefit of hindsight , you can always say things could have been done better , '' said manoah esipisu , a spokesman for kenyan president uhuru kenyatta . however , he added , kenyan authorities `` got the job done '' and saved lives . foreign minister amina mohamed echoed that sentiment in an interview with cnn on monday . she denied reports that an elite rapid response team single-handedly ended the siege . `` we have a military garrison in garissa , and the work began immediately after the attack was reported and continued for a number of hours until we were able to rescue 663 students of the 800 students that had been taken hostage by these terrorists . so the response was adequate , '' she said . `` we did everything that we could do . '' kenya 's interior ministry named mohamed mohamud as the organizer of the attack . the senior al-shabaab leader is also known by the aliases dulyadin and gamadhere , it said . the ministry offered a reward of 20 million kenyan shillings , or about $ 215,000 , for information on his whereabouts . he is in charge of external operations against kenya , according to a government document , and commands the militia along the border . another terrorist involved in the attacks is abdirahim abdullahi , a kenyan-somali and the son of a government chief in mandera , authorities said . mandera is in northern kenya . dorm becomes scene of a slaughter . al-shabaab is based in somalia , and its violence has spread to kenya before . in 2013 , militants attacked nairobi 's upscale westgate mall , leaving 67 people dead . the terror group has intensified attacks in kenya since the country sent troops to somalia four years ago to help battle the militants . cnn 's david mckenzie and joseph netto reported from nairobi , and faith karimi reported and wrote from atlanta . cnn 's michael martinez contributed from los angeles .