garissa , kenya ( cnn ) the desks of the small madrassa are empty . its 573 students , all male , are staying home after kenyan president uhuru kenyatta announced three days of national mourning following last week 's deadly attack at a nearby university . only a few kilometers away , 147 people -- mostly students -- were brutally massacred when al-shabaab militants invaded the campus in garissa , a town in northeastern kenya . we 've come to this particular islamic religious school because the man suspected by kenyan authorities of being the `` mastermind '' behind the atrocity -- mohamed mohamud -- once taught here . `` he was someone who was very quiet , he did n't like too much talk , '' recalls sheikh khalif abdi hussein , the principal at the madrassa . he says he also taught with mohamud for two years . `` when he left the madrassa , he joined al-shabaab . but before , he was normal , just like me and other people . '' what worries authorities here is exactly that -- mohamud was kenyan . but now , say officials , mohamud is in command of an al-shabaab militia based near kenya 's long , porous border with somalia -- about 118 miles ( 190km ) from garissa -- who are believed to be responsible for numerous cross-border attacks into kenya . the islamist militant group , who are allied with al qaeda , have been waging a bloody campaign for control of somalia . with kenyan troops part of an african union force deployed in support of somalia 's united nations-supported government , kenya has now become a target . last year , an attack by al-shabaab on a shopping center in the country 's capital , nairobi , claimed the lives of 68 people . now mohamud stands accused of being behind thursday 's attack -- the deadliest attack in the nation since al qaeda killed more than 200 people at the u.s. embassy in nairobi in 1998 . but mohamud is not kenya 's only homegrown terrorist . the kenyan interior ministry has said at least one of the four gunmen who carried out the attack on the university was also kenyan . abdirahim abdullahi was in his 20s and the son of a government chief . his father says he lost contact with his son in 2013 , shortly after he left university . the kenyan government is concerned that al-shabaab is recruiting disaffected youth from inside the country . `` our task of countering terrorism has been made all the more difficult by the fact that the planners and financiers of this brutality are deeply embedded in our communities , '' president kenyatta said during an address to the nation in the aftermath of the massacre . meanwhile , sheikh khalif insists his madrassa has nothing to do with mohamud 's extreme , violent ideas . `` this man is a dangerous man , a killer , a criminal , '' he says . but he was also once a neighbor . and so kenyans must now look within to tackle this very real threat to the country 's -- and the region 's -- stability .