( cnn ) every day , images of war and conflict are splashed across our desktops , plastered on our tv screens and scattered through our mobile news feeds . because of that , one 's response to such imagery often becomes calloused or desensitized . this concept of `` how we digest images of war through mainstream media outlets , '' was what drove photographer simon brann thorpe to begin his project `` toy soldiers . '' this idea to create a fresh perspective drove him into the desert of western sahara , a long-disputed region of northwestern africa . thorpe uses the area 's harsh landscape as a powerful backdrop for soldiers posed as green plastic figurines -- similar to the popular toys that many children play with . the soldiers are with the polisario front , an independence movement that has been clashing with morocco over the region since the mid-1970s . thorpe said his project enables `` the creation of a visual metaphor from which a viewer develops their own emotional , physical and political response to war and conflict , when faced with the realization that the images do not contain toy soldiers but real soldiers . '' thorpe 's background was not in photojournalism , but in landscape photography , which lends to his powerful placement of the soldiers in the desert -- not to mention that all the locations chosen are historic locations of battles between morocco and the polisario front . `` the conflict in western sahara receives virtually zero coverage despite 2015 being the 40th anniversary of the outbreak of war there , '' thorpe said . after a ceasefire in 1991 , the people of western sahara have been living in a state of non-resolution . the people are split into two camps -- those living in moroccan-occupied territory , and those in refugee camps in algeria . social media . follow @ cnnphotos on twitter to join the conversation about photography . thorpe had to get clearance to work with the polisario front military and also had to be cautious of how many troops he moved about at one time -- otherwise he would have needed permission from the united nations . he usually worked with about 50 or 60 soldiers at a time . the autumn months did not offer much reprieve from the long hours in the sweltering desert sun . thorpe would work with the troops ' commander to position the men , then climb atop sandy mountains with his wide-angle lens and capture these striking images . they would work till dusk and then spend the night under the stars . not only were the soldiers willing participants for this project , but they also helped construct the platforms they stood on . thorpe said they were made out of old oil drums . after the elaborate five-week production , thorpe hopes his images will raise questions on `` how images of war ( will ) be consumed in the future with ever-diminishing attention spans and competition for them . '' simon brann thorpe 's `` toy soldiers '' book is available for pre-order through dewi lewis publishing . you can follow thorpe on twitter , instagram and facebook .