( cnn ) as americans mark the 150th anniversary of abraham lincoln 's death this week , let us remember that he not only belongs to the ages , but also belongs , in a special way , to illinois . lincoln 's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his midwestern roots . he knew firsthand that no defensible border shielded the land of corn from the land of cotton . the entire region from the appalachians to the rockies drained through the mississippi river , enabling farmers in this vast basin to float their goods down to market through new orleans and from there to the world . he thus could never allow a potentially hostile power to control this geostrategic chokepoint in particular , or dixie more generally . the u.s. landmass , he insisted , `` is well adapted to be the home of one national family ; and it is not well adapted for two , or more '' because `` there is no line , straight or crooked , suitable for a national boundary upon which to divide . '' lincoln supplemented his midwestern geography lesson with a distinctly midwestern claim about constitutional history : `` the union is older than any of the states ; and in fact , it created them as states . '' lincoln did not need to make this controversial claim to prove his case , and elsewhere he stressed the decisive legal point that the constitution 's text clearly prohibits unilateral secession . the constitution is always and everywhere the supreme law of the land -- no matter what an individual state says . but lincoln 's additional assertion that the union created the states , not vice versa , provoked strong disagreement in other parts of the country . most virginians , including confederate gen. robert e. lee , insisted that of course virginia had come first ! at the outbreak of the american revolution , the old dominion was already a century and a half old . generations of lees had helped govern virginia long before the united states was born . but if lee was , first and always , a virginian , lincoln was an american . his father came from virginia , his grandfather hailed from pennsylvania , and before that , the family had probably lived in new england . abe himself had been born in kentucky and had moved as a boy to indiana , and later , as a young man , to illinois . these latter two midwestern states had undeniably been formed by the union itself . these places had begun as federal territory -- the common inheritance of all americans -- and it was the federal government that had indeed brought these new states to life . when young abe moved to indiana , it was just becoming a state , thanks to federal governmental action . it was a wise set of federal policies -- proper land surveys and a commitment to public education -- that had drawn the lincolns and countless other kentuckians to leave the bluegrass state for a brighter future in the midwest . retracing lincoln 's assassination 150 years later . that brighter future also involved freedom from slavery . the old northwest had always been free soil , as provided for by a northwest ordinance that predated the u.s. constitution . the words of the 13th amendment -- the only constitutional amendment that lincoln would live to sign -- promised to end slavery everywhere in america and did so by borrowing verbatim from article 6 of the northwest ordinance . true , geography is not inexorable destiny . many other midwesterners in lincoln 's era embraced slavery and secession . hugo black , the supreme court justice who did the most to make lincoln 's constitutional vision a reality over the next century , was born and raised in alabama . but geographic variation has always been a large part of america 's constitutional saga . in the 1860 election that brought him to power , lincoln swept almost all the northern states , but did miserably in the slaveholding south . john wilkes booth , the dastard who ended lincoln 's life 150 years ago this week , was an embittered extremist from a slave state . so was lincoln 's nemesis on the supreme court , chief justice roger taney . taney 's most infamous ruling , the pro-slavery dred scott decision in 1857 , had emerged from a court dominated by the south ; although slave states accounted for less a third of america 's free population , this region held an absolute majority of the seats on the court . remembering lincoln 's murder . in our era , given the fact that republican appointees have held a majority of the court for the last 40 years , the court has been rather moderate . much of this moderation has come courtesy of northern republicans on the court -- most notably , minnesota 's harry blackmun , illinois ' john paul stevens , and new hampshire 's david souter . all nine of the current justices learned their law in liberal new england , at harvard or yale , and the republican appointee most attentive to gay rights , anthony kennedy , grew up in northern california , a corner of the country renowned for its respect for alternative lifestyles . which takes us back to lincoln . when anthony kennedy was a lad in california 's state capital , the governor , a friend of the kennedy family , was a lincoln republican named earl warren -- a man who would later author the court 's iconic opinion in brown v. board of education , vindicating the constitutional amendments enshrined by lincoln and his allies . today , both parties at their best claim lincoln . jeb bush aims to appeal to the better angels of our nature and rand paul is a kentuckian who professes interest in racial outreach . hillary clinton was born an illinois republican . and the leader of her adopted political party -- who also happens to be president -- is a lanky and brainy lawyer from illinois who knows how to give a good speech , and who swept to power in 2008 by recreating lincoln 's geographic coalition , winning every state within a four-hour drive of chicago . in the largest sense , then , all americans , of both parties and all regions -- whether or not they have ever set foot in illinois -- are living in the land of lincoln .