( cnn ) mercedes driver and f1 championship leader lewis hamilton stole pole position for sunday 's chinese grand prix from teammate and fierce rival nico rosberg in dramatic fashion . hamilton took first place on the front row on the last lap , beating rosberg by a slim four hundredths of a second margin . frenemies . the two former friends have enjoyed , or rather endured , a heated rivalry since falling out last season and rosberg 's annoyance at hamilton 's last ditch success was obvious . the german appeared upset as he left his car and refused to shake hamilton 's hand . he did , however , find time to congratulate fellow german driver sebastian vettel , who will start in third after the ferrari driver surprisingly won the malaysian gp two weeks ago . `` i do n't actually mind him having more ( poles ) , '' a nonplussed hamilton told afp after the session . `` he can have the trophy for most poles . as long as i have the trophy for winning -- that 's all that matters . ultimately qualifying is not the end of the world . '' `` i am frustrated '' . in the post qualifying press conference rosberg appeared more magnanimous , but still shocked by hamilton 's last minute burst of speed . `` i was frustrated , i am frustrated , yeah , '' rosberg admitted . `` it 's so close and of course i would have wanted to have pole today ... it 's just four hundredths and that makes it even more annoying because it 's just very , very close . a lap is never 100 per cent perfect and four hundredths is really the blink of an eye . '' kimi raikkonen will join his teammate vettel on the second row and will be looking for a repeat of ferrari 's performance in malaysia , which shocked mercedes and hamilton in particular . huge support . but hamilton has been quickest all weekend and will enjoy a surprising amount of support in shanghai , a track the british driver has always thrived on . `` have you seen the banners that i have here ? '' he told the assembled press when asked why he liked racing at shanghai so much . `` the support i have here 's pretty unreal . i just like the track . i guess it just naturally suits my driving style . ''