( cnn ) it 's easy to be anxious about the threat posed by the islamic state of iraq and syria . after all , this is a brutal organization that not only kills but seems to revel in doing so in ways designed to shock the world -- from the beheadings of journalists to burning a jordanian pilot alive . such moves are part of this murky group 's propaganda and its deliberate efforts to manipulate information . so what can and should we make of the organization ? i explore the issue in depth in a special airing sunday night . and although it 's important to start with the caveat that isis is indeed trying to scare and confuse us , i took away some tentative lessons from speaking with the people who have traveled inside the minds of isis . first , isis is clearly about religion -- its version of radical islam -- but it is also about power . there is increasing evidence that the military backbone of isis is made up not by a group of islamic zealots , but rather high-ranking officers from saddam hussein 's army -- baathists who were at least ostensibly secular . an internal isis report detailing its organizational structure was reported on last week in the german weekly der spiegel . that report describes a group that uses its religious ideology as a recruiting and governing philosophy , much like communism . but underneath it , much like communism , is simply a drive for control , a lust for power . next , isis presents itself as a global organization , but it has thrived because of a local cause . the group has gained territory , cash and recruits primarily because of the rage and rebellion of the sunnis of iraq and syria , who believe they must fight the shiites to secure their own survival and strength . the reality is that that sunni cause is going to endure for some time . the united states has been successful in its tactical battles against isis and has managed to push the group back from many of its gains in iraq . but the sunnis of the region will remain in rebellion and the sunni-dominated areas will remain in turmoil -- chaos that isis will be able to capitalize on this chaos . in the long run , isis might very well find that its greatest foes lie within its so-called caliphate . the few reports that are emerging from areas controlled by isis suggest that , unsurprisingly , people do not like living under a brutal , theocratic dictatorship . they live in fear , and even those who chose it as an alternative to shiite rule are growing disenchanted . in this respect , isis is like other radical islamic groups , such as the taliban -- they have an allure in the abstract , but once they are actually governing in their medieval , barbarous manner , the allure fades and the disenchantment builds . the result is ever-increasing repression . remember , no one has ever voted isis into power anywhere . the group simply slaughters its way to control . of course , one of the big questions has been : is isis a threat to the west ? the group 's leaders declare that it is . but their ambitions appear to be mostly centered on their arab enemies , on building a caliphate in iraq and syria . they understand , of course , that to be terror group no . 1 , they must battle the country that is the world 's no . 1 power -- the united states . with that in mind , they seek such a confrontation and hope that the united states will come to the middle east and fight them on their terms , on their terrain . still , while they are opportunists , and they ask and hope that their followers act in america , their main focus is not to come here -- they want americans to go there . yet no matter how one rates the level of the threat isis poses , the group has changed the nature of terror . the leaders of isis have recognized that above all , they are a messaging machine , which in turn becomes a recruitment machine . this means that the key is not what happens on the ground , but on the airwaves and in the bits and bytes of the internet . and isis does this better than anyone before them because while their gruesome videos would seem a repulsive turn-off -- and are to most -- they still work on the web . the shock and awe they produce makes them go viral , and thus are seen by tens of millions . that ensures that these videos attract those utterly alienated young men -- a few thousand among the world 's 1.6 billion muslims -- who seek revenge , glory and gore . unfortunately , as long as those young muslim men , scattered across the globe , are attracted to isis and stream to its cause , the group presents the world with a danger that is impossible to fully assess but is one that grows by the month .