( cnn ) prison life wo n't be pretty for aaron hernandez , the former nfl player and convicted murderer sentenced to life without parole . after correction officers evaluate him , he will be shipped to massachusetts ' flagship maximum-security prison , one of the most high-tech jails in the united states with no history of breakouts : the souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley , about 40 miles outside downtown boston . it 's called souza , for short , and it 's the state 's newest prison , opened in 1998 , with a matrix of 366 cameras recording live 24 hours a day and a microwave detection perimeter with taut wire . `` i do n't know the date , but he 'll be going there . that 's the maximum-security facility , '' department of corrections spokesman darren duarte said . legal advocates for inmates describe souza as sterile and violent at once . its diverse demographic includes the young and the old , many of whom are also doing life . one stubborn problem is that opiates are smuggled to inmates , the legal advocates said . `` it 's very shiny and clean looking and very sterile , '' said leslie walker , executive director of prisoners ' legal services of massachusetts , who has been visiting the souza prison about every six weeks for the past 15 years and serves indigent prisoners there . but , she added : `` it is a very dangerous prison that is right now experiencing a veritable flood of opiates . '' officials said hernandez , 25 , is being processed at the maximum-security massachusetts correctional institution-cedar junction in walpole , just a handful of miles from gillette stadium , where he once played tight end for the new england patriots under a five-year $ 40 million contract . the prison system has yet to determine where to initially place hernandez in souza : solitary confinement ; the less harsh but restricted block ; the general population ; a privileged section known as the `` lifers block , '' for those serving a life sentence ; or the `` kitchen block , '' for those who work in the prison kitchen . `` at this point in time , we will figure out where he belongs in the population once the processing of hernandez is complete , '' duarte said . `` right now , he 'll be treated like a regular inmate when he walked into the door , but they will figure all that out . '' hernandez was sent immediately for processing after wednesday 's sentencing and jury conviction , duarte said . a news outlet helicopter followed hernandez 's transfer to mci cedar junction . prison officials will be concerned about hernandez 's safety and whether any enemies , gangs or headline-seeking inmates will try to hurt hernandez , who will become souza 's most famous resident . `` there could be prisoners with a beef who are out to get him , '' walker said . `` then he 's going to have to be separated , and it 's going to be challenging for prison officers and perhaps for him . `` the good news is that the superintendent of souza-baranowski is very smart and thorough and a decent human being , who i 'm sure will do everything he can to keep mr. hernandez safe , '' walker added . `` the person at the top sets the tone . he 's fairly new and he 's doing everything he can to make sure the prison is as safe as possible . '' that superintendent , osvaldo vidal , could n't be immediately reached for comment wednesday . because of his celebrity , hernandez may find himself signing autographs for other inmates and even guards , said larry levine , a former federal inmate who spent 10 years in high- and minimum-security prisons . `` there will be a lot of staff that will treat him like an animal that he is , but there will be other staff that will want his autograph and treat him like a star , '' said levine , who founded wall street prison consultants , which advises offenders and convicts heading to prison . in the long run , however , it may not matter much in what section of the prison hernandez does his time . about 90 % of the inmates in the maximum-security prison are locked in their cells for 19 hours a day , said walker , the legal advocate . `` it 's pretty grim , '' walker said . souza has slightly larger cells than most other massachusetts prisons , but not by much , walker said . even so , the cells are stark , small rooms of painted cinder-block walls with metal fixtures : a bunk mounted to the wall , a toilet and sink combination , a small writing shelf attached to the wall , and a nearby small stool affixed to the floor , walker said . there 's also a shelf for a small television , which must have a clear back for easy inspection , walker said . with the exception of the tv , which inmates can buy for under $ 200 , all furnishings are metal and bolted down to keep inmates from throwing them , she said . there are two windows : one roughly 4 by 20 inches with clear glass that looks outdoors to a wall , building or trees , and a tiny window on the cell door , which has two slots , for handcuffing in the middle and ankle cuffing at the foot of the door , she said . `` there 's very little to do , '' walker said of inmate life . `` it was built as a punishment facility . the thing in corrections is that you do n't want people to like it there . some people have been there since it opened , and those people are excruciatingly bored or scared or both . '' to combat opiate use among inmates , prison guards use narcotics-sniffing dogs for inspections , walker said . `` it 's pretty pathetic . i have clients ( in souza prison ) who are heroin addicts who are trying to get clean , '' walker said . there also are gangs in the prison , she said . as for violence , one elderly inmate was beaten to death last year , walker said . if hernandez finds himself in solitary confinement , it wo n't be pleasant , walker said . `` solitary confinement is a kind of torture that no one does well in . the lack of meaningful sensory stimulus and contact drives people mad , '' walker said . initially , `` prison officials may feel they have to put him there for his safety , but i hope not , '' walker said . `` it 's very hard time . '' opinion : the shame of aaron hernandez .