( cnn ) as the great kate wait of 2015 drags on , giving a whole new meaning to kate 's somewhat unfair noughties nickname , `` waity katie , '' bets on the arrival of a new baby a girl continue to be placed at a feverish rate . as of today , 70 % of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess . i suspect different parties are hoping for a girl for different reasons . based on the so called `` kate effect '' and subsequent `` george effect , '' the great british high street is no doubt salivating at the prospect of record sales should hrh princess ( fill in the blank ) of cambridge be spotted in one of their outfits . as one headline blared this week , `` baby girl could be worth $ 1.5 billion to the country . '' magazine and newspaper editors are well aware of the dramatic rise in sales when a royal baby hits the cover , especially a little girl . and then there 's disney , which will always appreciate princesses in the zeitgeist , but as with all things relating to the monarchy , there is also a far greater historical significance should a baby girl arrive . there have been 34 kings and only six queens over the course of the british monarchy 's thousand-year history , and yet some of the nation 's most enlightened times have occurred when a queen has been on the throne . elizabeth i led the country through the golden age , and victoria and elizabeth ii -- the two longest reigning monarchs -- both made their mark with perhaps the most illustrious and progressive legacies of all . while it is unlikely this child will ever be crowned , as the daughter of the second-in-line to the throne , her role will be significant . prince charles has made no secret of his desire to slim down the monarchy , but in looking at his family 's immediate bloodline -- william , harry and george -- it stands to be a heavily male-dominated one . in an institution viewed by some as archaic and out of touch , it is imperative to have a strong female presence . princess anne -- baby cambridge 's great-aunt -- grew up with three brothers , and was once described as , `` the greatest king the country never had . '' she is patron of more than 200 charitable organizations and carries out some 500 public engagements a year . a noted equestrian , she won two silver medals and a gold at the european eventing championships , and was the first member of the royal family to compete at the olympics . more importantly she has supported her mother throughout her reign , flown the flag for britain and promoted brand windsor around the world . as the only girl born to elizabeth and philip , she has matched and often surpassed the accomplishments of her brothers . princesses beatrice and eugenie , also true blood princesses , are not `` working members '' of the royal family and generally only roll out for state and ceremonial occasions . so , yes , it would be nice for the baby to be a girl so that we can all ooh and ah over frilly dresses , fairy wings and ballet shoes ( although as a windsor she 's more likely to be mucking out stables and shooting pheasant ) , but in truth the birth of a girl matters on a far deeper level : the monarchy needs a baby girl to fill the female void of future generations . the 20th century was ushered in by queen victoria and the 21st by queen elizabeth ii . should george live to eighty-seven he will be the first monarch of the 22nd century , but as i have said before the british monarchy is anything but predictable . if punters are right and william and kate do announce the birth of a baby girl as the rightful `` spare , '' it 's certainly possible that a seventh queen may ring in the year 2100 . in the event the couple welcomes a boy , however , i sincerely hope there wo n't be a collective groan of disappointment heard around the world -- after all on the few occasions we have seen prince george he has been a veritable treat . the birth of any baby is cause for celebration regardless of gender , race , religion or indeed status , and as prince harry , the world 's most eligible bachelor has shown , games of naked billiards can sell magazines too . read more : please do n't name the royal baby diana .