london ( cnn ) if you 're hunting for the earliest galaxies and clues about potential life on other planets you are going to need a very big mirror and a golf ball of gold . they are both necessary for the construction of the james webb space telescope ( jwst ) , intended as the successor to the hubble instrument that has been operating in space for 25 years . it 's going to be a tough act to follow . hubble has returned spectacular images during the past quarter century but also helped scientists discover that almost every galaxy has a massive black hole at its heart and that the expansion of the universe is speeding up . but there are limits to how far it can see . now scientists are working on an alternative way to peer into the past and search space for signs of life with jwst -- scheduled to launch in october 2018 on an ariane 5 rocket from french guiana . nasa spokesperson lynn chandler told cnn that the mission was like opening up the curtains on the universe and peering inside . `` hubble rewrote the text books and we 're planning to rewrite the text books again , '' she said . `` jwst will answer the questions which at the moment we ca n't think to ask . '' the webb telescope is a big probe . hubble is about the size of a school bus but jwst is as big as a tennis court . there is n't a rocket currently capable of carrying that so as chandler explained : `` it has to be folded up like a flower and then unfurled like a transformer . '' named after james e. webb , a former nasa leader , jwst is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe . nasa says that to see these objects the telescope will have to detect objects which are 10 to 100 times fainter than hubble can currently see . instead of studying visible and ultraviolet light like hubble , the jwst will work in the infra-red spectrum , allowing scientists to detect more distant targets . the new telescope requires a huge mirror of 25 square meters ( about 270 square feet ) -- and a golf ball of gold ( about 48 grams or 1.7 ounces ) to optimize it for infra-red light . it is then coated with glass . but technology like this does n't come cheap . according to nasa , the mission , which is in collaboration with the european space agency ( esa ) and the canadian space agency ( csa ) and involves a total of 14 countries , will cost $ 8.5 billion . nasa says that the project has four main goals -- namely , to search for the first galaxies formed after the big bang , find out how galaxies evolved , observe the birth of stars and planets and investigate the potential for life on other planets . scientists hope the telescope will be able to tell us more about objects that formed 13 billion years ago -- about 700-800 million years after the big bang . but closer to home , scientists also believe the new telescope will able to detect planets around nearby stars . nasa says jwst should be able to operate for between five and 10 years , restricted only by the amount of fuel it has to maintain orbit and the ability of the electronics to stand up to the harsh space environment . opinion : why astronomy counts on earth .