( cnn ) michele bachmann is comparing president obama to the co-pilot of the doomed germanwings flight . `` with his iran deal , barack obama is for the 300 million souls of the united states what andreas lubitz was for the 150 souls on the german wings flight - a deranged pilot flying his entire nation into the rocks , '' the minnesota republican and former representative wrote in a facebook comment posted march 31 . `` after the fact , among the smoldering remains of american cities , the shocked survivors will ask , why did he do it ? '' andreas lubitz , the co-pilot of germanwings flight 9525 , is accused by authorities of deliberately crashing the plane in the french alps . he died in the crash along with 149 other crew and passengers . the motive of the march 24 crash is under investigation , though investigators are looking in to whether lubitz feared a medical condition would cause him to lose his pilot 's license . many comments posted on her facebook page blasted the former representative . melissa coca wrote , `` comparing this tragedy to anything is moronic and despicable . '' michael j pristash wrote , `` your allusion is so inappropriate and divisive , not to mention disrespectful on so many levels . shame on you . '' some also accused her of taking desperate measures to stay in the public eye . lynda anderson wrote , `` posting outrageous things in a pathetic attempt to stay relevant ? '' negotiations are coming down to the wire between iran , the united states and other nations on restricting tehran 's nuclear program to prevent the ability to develop an atomic bomb . one deadline passed tuesday , but there is a june 30 deadline for a comprehensive deal -- with all technical and diplomatic impasses fully worked out . bachmann is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the president 's dealing with iran , personally telling him to `` bomb iran '' during the 2014 white house christmas party . `` i turned to the president and i said , something to the effect of , ' mr . president , you need to bomb the iranian nuclear facilities , because if you do n't , iran will have a nuclear weapon on your watch and the course of world history will change , ' '' she told the washington free beacon . the congresswoman , who sought the gop presidential nomination in 2012 , said obama had a `` condescending smile on his face and laughed at me . '' she said he told her : `` well michele , it 's just not that easy . ''