( cnn ) the sun had n't risen at garissa university college . most students slept in their beds . a few had woken up to head to early morning christian prayers . then the terror began . it started with an explosion and gunshots around 5:30 a.m. thursday ( 10:30 p.m . et wednesday ) at the kenyan school 's front gates . the attackers continued to fire as they stalked through campus , with the red cross saying they stopped at a girls ' dormitory . at one point , they burst into a room where christians had gathered and took hostages , said lecturer joel ayora . a student in the room told alex kubasu , a reporter with cnn affiliate citizen tv , that the terrorists sprayed bullets indiscriminately , striking his thigh . `` then they proceeded to the hostels , '' ayora told cnn , referring to the university dorm , `` shooting anybody they came across -- except their fellows , the muslims . '' according to afp , the gunmen separated the students by religion and allowed muslims to leave . this would be consistent with the past practices of al-shabaab , the somalia-based terror group that 's claimed responsibility for the attack . that 's what al-shabaab did in a december raid on a quarry in the kenyan village of kormey , near the somali border , that ended with at least 36 killed . whatever their religion , hundreds of students managed to escape , said dennis okari , a reporter with cnn affiliate ntv . some ran . some crawled . all feared for their lives . and they were the lucky ones . it was n't until about 15 hours after the attack began that the explosions and gunfire around garissa finally ended . interior ministry secretary joseph nkaissery announced that four terrorists were killed and the operation had ended `` successfully . '' by then , 147 people were dead and plans were `` underway to evacuate students and other affected persons , '' the kenya national disaster operation centre tweeted . `` it is a very sad day for kenya , '' nkaissery said . some of those students , at one point or another , were believed to be hostages in one of the four dormitories on campus . yet others like ayora managed to find safety , in his case at the staff residence . others escaped the college 's grounds . okari , for instance , told cnn that he saw about 200 people sitting in the scorching mid-90-degree heat thursday in a corner of a garissa airstrip , surrounded by military officials . one student , japhet mwala , recalled to afp how `` everyone started running '' after hearing blasts and gunshots . `` there were those who were not able to leave the hostels where the gunmen headed and started firing , '' mwala said . `` i am lucky to be alive , because i jumped through the fence with other students . '' rosalind mugambi fled into a nearby field with `` bullets following us . '' she escaped unscathed , but a few of her friends did not . `` we saw some bloodstains , '' mugambi told afp , `` and they were shot . '' such terrorism , sadly , is n't new to the people of eastern kenya . and that 's largely thanks to al-shabaab . while it is based in somalia , the militant group has made bloody incursions into neighboring kenya -- most notoriously a 2013 siege of nairobi 's upscale westgate mall that left at least 67 dead . a primary aim of such attacks is thought to be sowing terror . there 's also a religious undercurrent , given al-shabaab 's once and possibly future goal of creating a fundamentalist islamic state , according to the council on foreign relations . needless to say , that aim is n't shared in most places -- particularly in kenya , where more than 80 % of citizens are christian . such violence is more likely in towns like garissa , given its location 90 miles west of the somali border . what makes thursday 's attack different is what was targeted -- an institute of higher learning , presumably filled with innocent students with no direct part in the kenyan and allied governments ' fight against al-shabaab . such an attack is more reminiscent of what other islamist extremist groups , the pakistani taliban and boko haram , did in respectively attacking a school in peshawar , pakistan , and kidnapping more than 200 girls at a school in chibok , nigeria . garissa university college began in the 1990s as garissa teacher training college before evolving , by government decree , into its current form as a degree-granting institution in 2011 . as of this spring , the school had schools of education , information science , and arts and social sciences . and it was growing , with its staff of 75 set to expand to 200 by year 's end , according to the college 's website . it 's too early to tell what the future now holds for garissa university college . but kenyan president uhuru kenyatta on thursday urged people around the african nation `` to stay calm as we resolve this matter . '' `` this is a moment , '' kenyatta said , `` for everyone throughout the country to be vigilant as we continue to confront and defeat our enemies . '' cnn 's josh levs contributed to this report .