( cnn ) for years , when i 'd tell new friends i was half-armenian , a puzzled look would cross their faces , before they 'd ask something like , `` do you have a country ? '' or , when there was a spark of recognition , they 'd chortle , `` ah , you 're the people with the last names all ending in ' ian ' ! '' in fact , one of our most famous armenians , cher , was better known for her oscar-winning portrayals of italians , and had dropped her own identifying surname . the decimation of our people , too , was reduced to a footnote -- if we were lucky -- in tomes about world war i , when more than one million armenians were killed during the last days of the ottoman empire . most of the time , though , the coverage was about how armenians and turks hate each other like cats and dogs , that the turks continue to deny that ethnic cleansing occurred , saying the armenians had hatched a rebellion , and that the leaders had no choice but to deport them from their homes and put them on the road that led to their deaths . even adolf hitler had brushed us aside , uttering , just before invading poland in september 1939 : `` who , after all , speaks today of the annihilation of the armenians ? '' according to the former bureau chief of the associated press in berlin , louis lochner . apparently he had n't the anticipated the kardashian juggernaut . as kim kardashian , sister khloe and their two cousins recently toured armenia -- on the eve of the 100th anniversary of the mass killings , which is marked on april 24 -- they spotlighted a humanitarian crime that pope francis recently called `` the first genocide of the 20th century . '' suddenly , the poor landlocked country of armenia was trending . standing in front of the statute of `` mother armenia , '' kim seemed to seize the label herself , and the adoring crowds appeared to agree . on another stop of her tour , she dressed in a red jumpsuit , and placed tulips at the slate gray armenian genocide memorial complex , bringing new color to an issue and to a people who usually pay tribute to their dead relatives every year in their best funereal black . after the kardashian trip to armenia , my elderly mother anahid called me nearly breathless with pride : `` have you seen ? the genocide is all over the news ! that famous lady , kim kardashian , has done it ! '' my mother 's own father , stepan miskjian , with his own `` ian '' surname , had narrowly survived the killings . he told of how an entire caravan of thousands was killed in what 's now eastern syria , and that he only escaped by waiting until night and crawling out on his hands and knees past the ring of guards , and then crossing the desert for six days with only enough water to fill two cups . when the kardashians first rose to fame , many armenians cringed over their potboiler storyline , their million-dollar weddings to basketball players and rappers , multiple divorces , and a clothing line at sears . through their fame , though , people began to learn about armenians -- even people outside los angeles , where the armenian population is as thick as the kardashian hair . that americans may also have been equating the ancient culture with the latest `` keeping up with the kardashian '' plotline was a source of discomfort for the community . but every once in a while , kim kardashian would tweet something about the issue -- and slowly the community began to warm to her . meanwhile , many armenians continued to brainstorm about how to convince turkey to acknowledge the truth about what happened , and how to persuade the president barack obama to label the killings `` genocide , '' as he promised when first campaigning for the highest office . we cheered and forwarded emails every time a rumor surfaced that steven spielberg was going to take one of our family stories to the big screen , give us our own `` schindler 's list , '' and hoped maybe now the world would be forced to listen . and we would deflate when it would n't come to fruition . and every april 24 , the day in 1915 when ottoman turks began rounding up the community 's intellectual leaders , we mobilized . and we will do so again this year , holding candlelight vigils , concerts , and protest marches , while waving the armenian flag , even though many of us have never been to the country ourselves . we also press forward on the academic front , holding conferences on the latest research around the world , exulting in the discovery of yet another bit of information that would surely make the world reckon , that would counter turkey 's steadfast pressure on the united states to not acknowledge the atrocities . and still , disappointingly , early reports surfaced yet once more , as in years before , that obama has decided again on this year 's anniversary not to use the g-word . despite all the setbacks , the armenians will continue to speak out , and hopefully find some hallowed ground , too , to stand with turks to heal . after all , we 've learned an increased dialogue can come from the most surprising places . this year , it took a reality star , famous for balancing a cocktail on her rump , to catapult it to the top of the news once again , like it was on december 15 , 1915 , when headlines like `` million armenians killed or in exile , '' splashed across the new york times and other international media . after a century of trying to raise awareness , what we needed all along was a television and internet persona to join us -- especially one who shares everything on every platform -- to shed light on a crime that occurred back when telegrams were the speedy form of communication , and photographic plates of the killings had to be smuggled out in a belt , rather than blasted instantaneously with a tweet . the queen of the selfies has finally used her attention for good , and hopefully it wo n't be as short-lived as some of her other memes . that 's a crusade i can follow in any medium .