( cnn ) the golden state could soon refer to the hue of california 's lawns . gov . jerry brown on wednesday imposed mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents , businesses and farms , ordering cities and towns in the drought-ravaged state to reduce usage by 25 % . `` we 're in a new era , '' brown said . `` the idea of your nice little green grass getting lots of water every day , that 's going to be a thing of the past . '' the 25 % cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water ( an acre foot of water equals about 325,000 gallons ) over the next nine months , state officials said . `` this historic drought demands unprecedented action , '' brown said , standing on a patch of dry , brown grass in the sierra nevada mountains that is usually blanketed by up to 5 feet of snow . the reduction in water use does not apply to the agriculture industry , except for the requirement that it report more information on its groundwater use . the exclusion prompted some criticism , as agriculture uses about 80 % of california 's developed water supply . farms in the state have taken a hit , with reduced water allocations and thousands of farmworkers laid off . but climate writer eric holthaus of slate wrote that `` wasteful agriculture is literally sucking california dry . '' the action comes as the sierra nevada snowpack , which californians rely on heavily during the summer for their water needs , is near a record low . one famed golf course group said it should be able to keep its fairways and greens green . david stivers , an executive vice president of the pebble beach company , said his company is studying the restrictions to see what effect it will have on business . `` it will not affect our golf course irrigation because we use recycled waste water ( for golf course irrigation ) from a plant we built in 1994 , '' he said . the company operates pebble beach golf links , spyglass hill golf course and the links at spanish bay as well as three hotels . he said the drought has yet to hurt revenue . `` people up here are also very conscious about water usage and the expense of water in this area , '' he said . pepperdine university in malibu , known for its beautiful campus , said it would be challenging to meet the restrictions given the water-saving practices already in effect . the school already uses recycled and reclaimed water for campus irrigation and now it has turned off all fountains on campus , according to rhiannon bailard , director of the university 's center for sustainability . the university was also encouraging students to further reduce water usage . in addition , brown 's executive order will : • impose significant cuts in water use on campuses , golf courses , cemeteries and other large landscapes . • replace 50 million square feet of lawns throughout the state with `` drought-tolerant landscaping . '' • create a temporary , statewide consumer rebate program to replace old appliances with water efficient models . • prohibit new homes and developments from irrigating with potable water unless water-efficient drip irrigation systems are used . • ban watering of ornamental grass on public street medians . • require agricultural water users to report more water use information to state regulators , increasing the state 's ability to enforce against illegal diversions and waste . `` it 's a different world , '' brown said wednesday . `` we have to act differently . '' a staggering 11 trillion gallons are needed for california to recover from the emergency . the estimate is based on nasa satellite data analysis of how much water the state 's reserves lack . that 's more than 14,000 times the amount of water it would take to fill the dallas cowboys stadium , according to cnn calculations . it 's the amount of water that flows over niagara falls in about 170 days ' time . the entire state faces at least a moderate drought , and more than half of the state faces the worst category of dryness , called an exceptional drought , according to the u.s. drought monitor . california is n't the only state feeling an absence of rain . as of late september , 30 % of the lower 48 faced at least a moderate drought , particularly in the southwest states neighboring california and in texas , the drought monitor says . but none of those states is facing the extremes of california , where the drought has been a slowly building natural disaster since 2012 . in fact , brown last year declared a state emergency , saying his constituents are facing `` perhaps the worst drought that california has ever seen since records ( began ) about 100 years ago . '' opinion : the end of the la lawn . on september 16 , brown signed `` historic legislation '' that created `` a framework for sustainable , local groundwater management for the first time in california history , '' the governor 's office said . before the new legislation , california was the only western state that did n't manage its groundwater , officials said . last month , brown unveiled an emergency $ 1 billion spending plan to tackle the state 's historic drought . according to the state water resources control board , the package will specifically accelerate $ 128 million from the governor 's budget to provide direct assistance to workers and affected communities . proposition 1 funding , which enacted the water quality , supply , and infrastructure improvement act of 2014 , will funnel $ 272 million into safe drinking water efforts and maintenance of water recycling infrastructure . some $ 660 million from prop 1 will also be accelerated for flood protection in urban and rural areas . as part of the changes , brown said additional measures will crack down on water inefficiency as california enters the fourth year of a worsening water crisis . the march snowpack measurement came in at 0.9 inches of water content in the snow , just 5 % of the march 3 historical average for the measurement site . the overall water content for the northern sierra snowpack came in at 4.4 inches , just 16 % of average for the date . central and southern sierra readings were 5.5 inches ( 20 % of average ) and 5 inches ( 22 % of average ) respectively . only in 1991 has the water content of the snow been lower . cnn 's tony marco , amanda watts , ben brumfield , michael martinez , sara sidner , alexandra meeks and traci tamura contributed to this report .