tokyo ( cnn ) a second robotic probe sent into the crippled fukushima nuclear plant has captured images of a strange green glow . tokyo electric power company ( tepco ) deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down . the robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected , an indicator that cooling systems were working effectively , according to a statement released by tepco . `` it is a great step forward towards the decommissioning work as we can earn necessary data for the next investigation , '' said akira ono , the chief of fukushima daiichi plant . tepco said the yellow seen on the images seemed to suggest a discoloration of the grating , though the cause was unknown . it said the green glow could not be seen when filmed from other angles . the shape-shifting robots were sent in to assess the damage in one of the reactors that suffered a meltdown after a devastating earthquake and tsunami in march 2011 . tepco says the site 's still too dangerous for workers to enter . the first robot , which was sent in on april 10 , stalled after moving about 10 meters , according to a statement released by tepco . a report and footage from the robot shows that a fallen object had blocked its path and left it stranded . tepco decided to cut off the cable connected to the device on april 12 as it had already collected data on radiation levels in 14 of the 18 targeted locations , completing around two-thirds of the originally planned route . the second robot was sent in on april 15 and collected data from all 11 points , as scheduled . four years after the devastating nuclear crisis , the radiation levels inside the three damaged reactors are still extremely high and remain unsafe for people to enter . decommissioning work is estimated to cost $ 50 billion and will take years to complete . tepco called the robotic probe an `` unprecedented '' experiment . cnn 's yoko wakatsuki and junko ogura reported from tokyo , japan and naomi ng wrote from hong kong .