( cnn ) shops looted and set ablaze . terrified foreigners hiding in police stations and stadiums . machete-wielding attackers hacking immigrants to death in major cities in south africa . as attacks against foreigners and their businesses rage on , killing at least six people this week , other nations in the continent are scrambling to evacuate their citizens from south africa . but this is not the first time xenophobic violence has exploded in a country that tries to portray itself as a diverse `` rainbow '' nation . they started after zulu king goodwill zwelithini said at a recent gathering that foreigners `` should pack their bags and go '' because they are taking jobs from citizens , local media reported . shortly after his comments , violence against immigrants erupted in the port city of durban . his office has denied he made the comments , saying journalists misquoted him . while kings are mostly ceremonial figures in the nation , they are influential in their communities . but the united nations said the attacks started in march after a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers . some citizens have accused african immigrants of taking their already scarce jobs , undermining businesses owned by locals and contributing to a high crime rate . the nation 's unemployment rate is about 25 % , according to government figures . but resentment over porous borders , growing crime rates , poverty and corruption are also a major concern , analysts say . president jacob zuma has said his government is addressing the social and economic concerns . but he said immigrants contribute to the nation 's economy and bring skills that are in demand , and should not be stereotyped as criminals . `` while some foreign nationals have been arrested for various crimes , it is misleading and wrong to label or regard all foreign nationals as being involved in crime in the country , '' zuma said . the nation has about 2 million documented and undocumented immigrants , which is about 4 % of the total population , according to a study by the university of the witwatersrand . zimbabweans make up the largest group of immigrants . also , south africa is a top travel destination for wealthy africans because of its proximity and developed infrastructure . yes . this is the latest in a series of attacks that date back years . in january , looters burned businesses owned by foreigners in another wave of xenophobic attacks . in addition , there were other incidents of violence last year , human rights watch said . seven years ago , johannesburg was the epicenter of more anti-immigrant tensions that left dozens dead in attacks that later spread to cape town . most of the victims were zimbabweans who had fled repression and dire economic circumstances . in those attacks , police arrested more than 200 people on various charges , including rape , murder , robbery and theft . in 2006 , xenophobic violence broke out again for several months in cape town . victims of xenophobic attacks have been from various african nations , including nigeria , somalia and ethiopia . african nations have condemned the attacks . kenya , malawi and zimbabwe are just a few of the countries evacuating their citizens from south africa . in zambia , local radio station qfm said it will not play south african music in solidarity with the victims . and in mozambique , south african energy and chemical giant sasol sent about 340 south african nationals home . the company said mozambican employees voiced concern about reported violence against their nationals and protested the presence of south african employees in mozambique . most of the attacks have erupted in poor and marginalized areas . despite the progress the nation has made since its apartheid days , inequality still remains a major concern , according to the nelson mandela foundation . `` it is up to the present and next generations to take up the cudgels where you ( mandela ) have left off . it is up to them , through service to deepen our democracy ; entrench and defend our constitution ; eradicate poverty ; eliminate inequality ; fight corruption , and serve always with compassion , respect , integrity and tolerance , '' the foundation said in a statement . `` xenophobia , racism and sexism must be fought with tenacity , wisdom and enlightenment . '' as fears of more attacks grow , south africans have taken to social media and the streets to protest xenophobia and violence .