april 3 , 2015 . we 're starting with some international headlines today , covering events in switzerland , kenya and the pacific ocean . california 's historic drought is now hitting home for many residents and businesses , who 've been ordered to cut their water usage . we discuss two religious holidays being celebrated worldwide this weekend , and we take a look at a pair of subjects related to u.s. national parks . it 's all featured this friday on cnn student news . on this page you will find today 's show transcript and a place for you to request to be on the cnn student news roll call . transcript . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . weekly newsquiz . click here for a printable version of the weekly newsquiz ( pdf ) . 1 . what nation voted to replace goodluck jonathan with muhammadu buhari as president ? 2 . name the u.s. astronaut who recently blasted off for a nearly year-long mission to the international space station . 3 . hydraulic fracturing , also known as fracking , and horizontal drilling are methods of extracting what substance ? 4 . despite his nickname `` the little corporal , '' what historic conqueror was likely taller than other men of his era ? 5 . what nation is leading airstrikes against yemen , following a governmental takeover there by houthi rebels ? 6 . though the spread of the ebola virus appears to have stopped in liberia and slowed down in sierra leone , new cases have increased in what west african nation ? 7 . during what period of european history was an eye ointment described that 's now showing effectiveness against a modern-day superbug ? 8 . scientists have fitted certain insects , members of the family blattidae , with tiny backpacks that manipulate their neural systems . name these insects . 9 . in what body of water is typhoon maysak , which is threatening to make landfall in an island nation this weekend ? 10 . what two religious holidays will be celebrated around the world this weekend ? cnn student news is created by a team of journalists who consider the common core state standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . roll call . for a chance to be mentioned on the next cnn student news , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . we will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call ! thank you for using cnn student news !