( cnn ) aaron hernandez is known for his swagger . should he act any differently when he 's on trial for murder ? when the once rising star for the new england patriots walks into court each day with what appears to be an air of confidence -- or is it bravado ? -- he enters from a connecting holding room . some court security officers who escort him are as tall and muscular as he is . besides that certain bounce to his step , there 's usually a smile . jury deliberations resume wednesday . watch `` downward spiral : inside the case against aaron hernandez '' tonight at 9 p.m . et . it has n't been there as often in the last couple of weeks when state witnesses have included his fiancée shayanna jenkins and his former boss , new england patriots owner robert kraft , who testified hernandez would usually greet him with a kiss and a hug . always impeccably dressed in suit and tie brought in by his defense team , hernandez quickly scans the courtroom , usually starting with the rows of seats directly behind him . the front row is reserved for his family . some days , none of his relatives is there . but when his mother , fiancée , brother and other friends attend , he winks , nods , smiles , jokes , laughs , flirts with his fiancée and mouths greetings to them including `` ' thanks for coming ' and ' i love you . ' '' twice , he nodded his head and smiled at me . it 's not unusual for his lawyers to slap him on his back and huddle before court begins , appearing at ease . they 've been representing him since june 2013 . there was an unfortunate moment . his mother once asked permission from a court officer to touch her son once the jury left the room . given an ok , she reached over the bar to him , took one of his hands in hers and kissed it . rules forbid contact . it did not go unnoticed by the family of victim odin lloyd . hernandez does not avoid looking in their direction . he glances at lloyd 's relatives . lloyd 's mother ursula ward , who is in court daily , appears to look right back at hernandez without expression from her usual seat on the end of a row . when one witness , a high school friend , testifies that hernandez once allegedly talked about carrying a gun , hernandez appears to glare at him . when his fiancée takes the stand and testifies hernandez told her to ditch a box from their basement the day after lloyd 's slaying , his eyes are glued on her . she barely glances his way but does appear to say something as she passes the defense table on the way out . when kraft is asked to officially point out hernandez in court and describe what he was wearing , i watch hernandez look down at his shirt and tie as kraft detailed his outfit . when the team owner leaves the stand -- the same man who signed him to a $ 40 million bonus in 2012 -- hernandez turns and watches him walk out of the courtroom . would it be the last time he 'd see him in person ? on the last day of testimony when his defense rests its case , he smiles at relatives . but as he walks out the door this time , he does n't look back .