( cnn ) the verdict of the opinion polls on the uk election debate between seven party leaders was simple enough : between david cameron of the conservatives , ed miliband of labour , nick clegg of the liberal democrats , nigel farage of the united kingdom independence party , natalie bennett of the green party , nicola sturgeon of the scottish national party and leanne wood of plaid cymru , the welsh nationalists , there really was no clear winner . comres for itv , which staged the debate , had cameron , miliband and farage tied first with 21 % and sturgeon close behind on 20 % . icm for the guardian scored it miliband 25 , cameron 24 , farage 19 and sturgeon 17 . yougov for the times put sturgeon first with 28 points to 20 for farage , 18 for cameron and only 15 for miliband . back in the 1950s , uk politics was simpler : labour and conservatives combined took 97 % of the votes . but nowadays they struggle to collect two-thirds of the national vote between them . in our anti-politics age nationalists and others have advanced and the leaders ' tv debate was no gladiatorial contest with a straightforward outcome . rather it was a cacophonous shouting match that probably gave all parties ' supporters some satisfaction but which offered little new insight to the undecided voter . from a highly confused affair we can perhaps take six lessons : as the incumbent prime minister , cameron is probably wise to have refused all invitations to go head to head with miliband alone in verbal fisticuffs . he has risked being labelled a coward for doing so but it was a tactical decision . miliband has been given a hard time by the british media who have gloated over his difficulties in eating a bacon sandwich and presented him as an awkward geek . but labour 's leader is a perfectly capable debater . he could only gain from their confrontation . as it is , election time media exposure has already seen miliband 's ratings as a leader improve . the electoral strengths and weaknesses of the two main leaders are emerging . in an earlier clash involving separate sessions before a studio audience and in a grilling by uk tv 's grand inquisitor jeremy paxman , cameron proved vulnerable on broken promises to cut immigration , on the number of people employed on zero-hours contracts and on being too kind to the rich in his taxation policies . miliband has looked unconvincing on how he will fund his promises to continue cutting the budget deficit and how he will curb immigration ; he also is still embarrassed when questioners remind audiences how he knifed his brother david to get the leader 's job . the impression so far is that britain 's voters do n't much like the conservatives despite the recovering economy but do n't quite trust labour to continue the improvement . miliband , told by his handlers to look tough , is using the `` i '' word too much . cameron is curiously short on passion . an oddity of the seven up debate was that many who viewed it will have no chance of voting for two of the leaders involved , sturgeon of the scottish national party and wood of plaid cymru . but sturgeon 's high score in the post-debate polls was significant . she was sharp and sassy . the number of seats gained by the nationalists , currently on target to win as many as 50 of the 59 westminster parliament seats in scotland , will be crucial . last time labour won 41 of those seats : the more the snp take , the weaker labour 's chance of a majority at westminster will be . miliband says he wo n't form a coalition with the snp but it could be difficult for labour to govern without some deal with their bitter opponents north of the border . if there was a `` winner '' in the debate it was nicola sturgeon . back in the 2010 uk election debates the clear victor was clegg of the liberal democrats . then the two main party leaders frequently found themselves parroting `` i agree with nick . '' by entering a coalition government with cameron ( in which the lib dems ' insistence on raising the tax threshold for the lower paid has been a key element in increasing employment and economic recovery ) , clegg surrendered the lib dems ' previous ability to pick up protest votes . clegg and his party have paid a heavy price for the compromises made in government , notably on student tuition fees . his debate performance was as good as any of the seven leaders but no poll gave him a rating of better than 10 % . perception is everything . in social media and studio focus groups there were plenty of plaudits for the greens and even for plaid cymru 's wood but clegg got hardly a mention . the united kingdom independence party remains the joker in the pack . the party once dismissed by cameron as a collection of `` fruitcakes , loonies and closet racists '' is a serious threat to the conservatives -- and labour -- despite the many gaffes that seemed to cost it some momentum lately . but ukip , more than any of the others , is a personal vehicle for its leader and the debate was crucial for them . grinning farage 's blokey saloon bar manner goes down well with studio audiences and he kept the focus on immigration . his party wo n't win many seats but he has ensured they can still tip the balance in plenty of contests , sometimes taking votes off the conservatives , sometimes off labour . farage has always traded on the outer edge of political civilities and by insisting in the debate that immigrants were responsible for 60 % of hiv cases he earned condemnation from other leaders . on social media , dominated by the young , that earned him the maximum boo count . to `` win '' a tv election debate you need to avoid gaffes yourself , to wrongfoot your opponent , and to offer some excitement that gives your campaign the chance to develop momentum . you need to produce vivid soundbites which will work their way into summary reports of the debates and into campaign replays . nobody has yet succeeded in doing that in this campaign . the highly paid spin doctors employed by the three major parties are simply not worth their money . the emphasis has been on sound defense : nobody has yet scored an exciting goal . as the campaign moves on , chances will have to be taken . read : fish , bacon and beer : the real issues in britain 's election .