( cnn ) the justices of the supreme court practice politics as much as law -- and that will be clearer than ever when the issue of same-sex marriage comes before the court on tuesday . public opinion on same-sex marriage has turned upside down since the supreme judicial court in massachusetts first legalized the practice in 2003 . overwhelming opposition has turned into substantial majority support , especially among young people of all political persuasions . even the name of the issue has changed -- to marriage equality . of course , the constitution has not changed since 2003 , a point that will surely be made by such opponents of same-sex marriage as justice antonin scalia . to originalists like scalia -- those who believe the constitution should be interpreted only as it was originally understood by the framers -- the idea of a constitutional right to same-sex marriage is anathema . to them , the constitution means only what it meant to those who wrote it -- and james madison ( or the authors of the 14th amendment , just after the civil war ) never gave a thought to whether they were granting gay people the right to marry . but the supreme court has always been about a lot more than the intentions of the framers . and public opinion is just one of the extrajudicial factors that the justices sometimes take into consideration . in 1954 , the supreme court ruled unanimously that public schools could no longer segregate students by race , even though the authors of the 14th amendment clearly considered segregated schools to be permissible . chief justice earl warren , who wrote the opinion in brown v. board of education , recognized that the world had changed , especially in light of the cold war . warren knew that segregated schools damaged the united states ' reputation in the contest for hearts and minds around the world , and he steered the court accordingly . warren 's motives had nothing to do with the framers ' intentions , and little to do with the words of the constitution itself , but these kinds of motivations have been common throughout the history of the supreme court . there are risks , of course , when the justices are guided by more than the text and history of the constitution . like everyone else , the justices have imperfect instincts when it comes to measuring public attitudes . justice ruth bader ginsburg is a fervent supporter of abortion rights for women , but she has expressed reservations about the court 's decision in roe v. wade , the 1973 ruling that required all 50 states to legalize abortion . she has argued that the court interrupted a political process for legalization that was already underway , and that the case ignited a backlash that wound up hurting the cause of abortion rights . her position is debatable on several scores . abortion rights were not ascendant everywhere in the '70s , and opponents were already well mobilized . but ginsburg 's misgivings about roe have served as an important backdrop to the supreme court 's consideration of same-sex marriage . still , when it comes to supreme court decisions , it is usually safe to bet that a majority of the justices will come down on the side favored by most of the public . in any case , as we head into the argument , it looks like most of the justices have already made up their minds . after the court decided united states v. windsor in 2013 , which invalidated most of the 1996 law known as the defense of marriage act , more than a dozen federal district courts around the county said the reasoning of that case required the legalization of same-sex marriage . these judges allowed these marriages to begin taking place around the country . supporters of the existing laws went to the supreme court and asked for stays of the lower court rulings , because the justices themselves had not yet permitted the marriages to take place . but in each case , the supreme court denied the stays and allowed same-sex marriages to proceed -- those marriages are now legal in 37 states and the district of columbia . in a brief dissenting opinion from the failure to grant the stays , justice clarence thomas suggested the issue had already been settled in the minds of his colleagues . `` this acquiescence [ in allowing marriages to proceed ] may well be seen as a signal of the court 's intended resolution of that question , '' thomas wrote . `` this is not the proper way to discharge our ... responsibilities . '' but thomas only drew scalia to join his dissent , suggesting that even fellow conservatives chief justice john roberts and samuel alito saw the writing on the wall . in any case , at oral argument , we 'll get a clue what the justices are thinking about the issue . but we already know that their decision , like so many in the court 's history , will be based on a great deal more than the text of the constitution .