( cnn ) when drinkers in clayton 's , a beachfront bar in south padre island , texas , belly up for a round of shots , bartender casey belue can usually guess what they 'll order . it comes in a yellow-labeled bottle with a fire-breathing demon on it . it tastes like big red chewing gum . it 's fireball cinnamon whisky , and lately it 's been as hot as its name . `` fireball is number one , definitely . that 's pretty much the chosen shot , '' said belue , who enjoys it herself now and then . `` on an average night , we probably go through three or four bottles . '' if you 're young -- say , under 35 -- this may not be news to you . fireball , which did n't exist in its current form a decade ago , is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in america . retail sales more than doubled last year , and fireball has come seemingly out of nowhere to become the sixth-most popular liquor brand in the u.s. as measured by retail sales -- ahead of such venerable labels as jim beam , jose cuervo and grey goose . and these figures do n't include sales in bars , where fireball has dethroned jagermeister as america 's party shot of choice . or social media feeds , which fill with photos of fireball-flavored revelry and # fireballfriday hashtags . `` fireball is an incredible phenomenon . the growth of it has just been astounding , '' said lew bryson , managing editor of whisky advocate and author of several books on whiskey and other spirits . `` for a whiskey , this is unprecedented . '' to the uninitiated , fireball is basically made from canadian whisky , aged in used bourbon barrels , flavored with sweetener and spicy cinnamon . ( the `` whisky '' spelling generally refers to scotches or canadian varieties , while `` whiskey '' refers to irish or american styles . ) its slogan is `` tastes like heaven , burns like hell , '' but that 's an exaggeration . fireball has a kick , but it does n't burn as much as straight whiskeys , cheap tequilas or even the atomic fireball hard candy that helped inspire its name . it 's also only 66 proof , or 33 % alcohol -- less than most whiskeys . `` it 's so easy to drink that you forget you 're drinking alcohol . it 's very sweet . you hardly taste the whiskey at all , '' said zachary jones , a bartender at community smith in atlanta . `` i 've known people who ca n't do shots , but they can do fireball . '' fireball is especially popular among young drinkers and women , many of whom say they like that it does n't singe their throat and leaves a dentyne-like aftertaste . but not everyone is a fan . whiskey enthusiasts -- the types who can talk knowledgeably about single-malt scotches -- mostly turn up their noses at the stuff . `` i 've got to be honest : it 's not anything i 'd reach for , at any occasion , '' bryson said . `` but clearly i 'm not in the mainstream . '' fireball was n't always fireball . it used to be known as dr. mcgillicuddy 's fireball whisky before its maker , the sazerac co. , rebranded it in 2006 . sales were modest until about five years ago , when sazerac hired a `` national brand ambassador , '' richard pomes , to spread the word about fireball through event planning and bartender outreach . in other words , pomes traveled the country serving up fireball shots in bars . he started in college towns and cities with vibrant bar cultures , such as austin and nashville , and then spread to other places . everywhere he went , pomes shared his fireballing exploits on facebook , twitter and instagram and encouraged patrons to do the same . soon , fireball started gaining traction . then it exploded . retail sales jumped from just under $ 2 million in 2011 to $ 63 million in 2013 to $ 130 million last year , according to iri , a chicago-based market research firm . along the way , sazerac has cultivated a party-hearty social ethos around fireball , encouraging pics of shots with hashtags such as # whiskywednesday . the brand has more than 85,000 followers on twitter and another 43,000 on instagram -- more than twice the social reach of jagermeister -- although on twitter , it still trails jack daniel 's whiskey and patron tequila . and it got a boost in october when someone taped a gopro camera to a large bottle of the liquor and filmed dozens of guests chugging from it at a wedding reception . the resulting video has more than 2.3 million youtube views . `` our fans love it , and they spread the word . the fireball nation is devoted -- and this is the best kind of marketing , '' said amy preske , public relations and events manager for sazerac , who declined to offer any further explanation for the brand 's booming popularity . `` we are very excited and humbled . '' so is fireball a future cornerstone of every well-stocked bar or just a fad ? it may be too soon to say . retail sales remain strong , according to iri , although fireball 's skyrocketing growth has slowed in recent months . but it 's under siege from several fronts . the past year has brought copycats jim beam kentucky fire and jack daniels tennessee fire , both bourbon whiskeys infused with spicy cinnamon syrup , along with cinnamon vodkas , cinnamon tequilas and other cinnamon liqueurs . fireball also endured a public-relations mess last fall when several european countries briefly recalled the liquor over concerns about one of its ingredients : propylene glycol , a chemical used in a variety of food products , e-cigarettes and antifreeze . sazerac responded that propylene glycol exists in fireball `` in very small quantities '' -- less than 1/8th of the amount allowed by the fda ( pdf ) -- and reassured customers that fireball is `` absolutely safe to drink . '' then there 's the question of whether fireball will become a victim of its own success . young consumers are notoriously fickle , and there is anecdotal evidence that some people are getting sick of it . `` it just reached a point where i could n't drink it anymore , '' said jones , the atlanta bartender . `` i think it was the sugar . '' still , its popularity remains on display nightly wherever young people gather . glasses are raised , someone makes a toast , and down go shots of an orange , syrupy and seemingly unstoppable concoction . `` it 's an easy shot . you can drink a lot of them . with fireball , you do n't need a chaser , '' said kelvin davis , a bartender at the nook in atlanta . `` it 's the one thing i can throw out there and it never fails . ''