( cnn ) seven minutes after an aurora , colorado , theatergoer called 911 to report a massacre in progress , suspect james holmes surrendered to police , a dozen dead bodies allegedly in his wake . on monday , jurors will thoroughly examine those seven minutes in a trial that experts say could last months . the prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty . holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . jurors will also be asked to consider events that occurred before and after the july 20 , 2012 , shooting -- namely , evidence that appears to show holmes planned his attack , even going so far as to buy his movie ticket 12 days before , along with police allegations that officers who arrived to search holmes ' apartment had to navigate booby traps incorporating gasoline and grenades . according to police , holmes attended the midnight showing of `` the dark knight rises '' at the century aurora 16 multiplex theater but left through a rear door alongside the movie screen , propping it open behind him . holmes returned in `` head-to-toe protective gear , '' including a gas mask , about 18 minutes into the movie , police said , and threw two tear gas canisters into the theater before opening fire with an ar-15 rifle , a 12-gauge shotgun and at least one .40-caliber handgun . the attack killed 12 people and wounded another 70 , a level of violence not seen in colorado since the columbine high school shooting . five days later , authorities discovered a package in a university of colorado-denver mail room that police say holmes apparently sent . colorado authorities had no previous contact with holmes , outside of a 2011 speeding summons , and he graduated in 2010 from the university of california , riverside , with highest honors and a bachelor 's degree in neuroscience . he enrolled as a doctoral candidate in the university of colorado school of medicine 's neuroscience program in 2011 but dropped out the following year without providing a reason , according to a university spokeswoman . holmes faces 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder charges , but there have already been some notable legal battles in the run-up to the actual trial . in march 2013 , holmes offered to plead guilty so he could avoid the death penalty , a deal the district attorney declined . a few months later , a judge ruled that holmes had to be restrained during the trial , via a hidden harness anchored to the floor . the defense filed an objection , conceding that holmes exacted the violence but blaming his actions on mental illness . `` mr. holmes suffers from a severe mental illness and was in the throes of a psychotic episode when he committed the acts that resulted in the tragic loss of life and injuries sustained by movie goers on july 20 , 2012 , '' the motion said . judge carlos samour last year ordered holmes to submit to an additional sanity exam , saying that the previous test , conducted in 2013 at the colorado mental health institute at pueblo , was `` incomplete and inadequate . '' jury selection began in january , and after a four-month process , 12 jurors and alternates , composed of 19 women and five men , were selected .