( cnn ) when the earthquake hit , many of nepal 's most renowned pagodas in and around kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps . others were smothered under splintered hand-carved wooden beams or multi-level rooftops . but the kathmandu valley 's other pagodas , stupas and shrines -- also built mostly of red brick hundreds of years ago -- suffered surprisingly little damage and remained standing next to structures which disappeared . the worst architectural losses have included the majestic shiva temple pagoda and its twin , the narayan temple pagoda , which dominated kathmandu 's main durbar square . from the late 1960s onwards , western hippy backpackers who traveled the legendary overland route to kathmandu would climb the shiva pagoda 's wide , nine-step plinth , sit in the shade under the triple-layered roofs , smoke hashish and enjoy the lofty view . but now the two pagodas have been obliterated and the scene comprises pathetic piles of rubble , a bulldozer shoveling a path for vehicles , shocked and miserable witnesses and a sense of irreplaceable visual and spiritual loss -- unless the structures are eventually rebuilt . the shiva temple pagoda may have been hundreds of years old , but before its destruction impoverished rickshaw drivers , coolies and others would publicly urinate into the gutter surrounding it while waiting for passengers or heavy loads to transport . the slightly shorter , triple-roofed narayan pagoda allowed vegetable sellers to display their foodstuff on the temple 's broad , five-level base . both pagodas also served as public platforms . jostling crowds of nepalis and foreigners used to gather there because the plinths ' height above street level allowed excellent views of major hindu processions and other events . those two landmarks fronted the enclosed dwelling place of nepal 's hindu virgin goddess , or kumari , whose ornate front of bricks , statues and carved wood seem to have survived the initial quakes . it is not immediately known if the inner courtyard and rooms are safe . on the other side of durbar square , the brick-and-wood shiva-parvati temple house -- where the hindu gods shiva and his consort parvati shelter -- appear to also have survived . on kathmandu 's outskirts the town of patan suffered terrible damage when its central durbar square lost several pagodas as structures pancaked straight down while others merely shook and cracked . fortunately others appear to still be standing , including the sundari chowk temple and a surviving lucky trio of holy structures : the gray stone , mogul-influenced krishna mandir ; the 17th-century bishwa nath mandir with its large stone elephants at the entrance ; and the nearby smaller 17th-century bimsen mandi `` god of the traders '' pagoda . several miles away from kathmandu , witnesses have been unable to immediately confirm the levels of destruction which have occurred in the lavish town of bhaktapur . the locality had undergone years of extensive restoration work thanks to foreign and local artists and funding . the town offset some of that cost by charging tourists a fee to enter its central area , which displayed refined temples , pagodas , shrines and even a restaurant built into a main pagoda , allowing diners to view the best sites while munching their meals . elsewhere in the kathmandu valley , the white-topped dome of the boudhanath stupa remains standing , but its smaller neighboring stupa has shown some damage from the quake . the boudhanath stupa is prized by tibetan buddhist refugees who have fled their chinese-occupied homeland on foot through the himalaya mountains . they are often seen reverently walking in a circle around the stupa 's base while twirling `` prayer wheels '' and chanting . there has been no news as yet on damage caused to other famous places of hindu and buddhist worship , including the hilltop swayambhunath temple on the outskirts of kathmandu . that imposing structure is popularly known as the `` monkey temple '' because its often vicious wild monkeys are allowed to scamper among the trees on the temple 's hill , terrifying visitors who have to hike up a lengthy stairway to reach the temples , shrines , shops and monks ' residences.. . the fate of the pashupatinath temple complex near kathmandu 's international airport is also not known . pashupatinath 's multiple pagodas and shrines flank its public funeral pyres which emit smoke whenever human corpses are routinely cremated before the ashes are dumped into a narrow river .