( cnn ) the indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row , including filipino maid mary jane veloso and australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran . jakarta has advised consular officials to travel to indonesia 's `` execution island '' -- nusa kambangan -- where the ten are being held , though a spokesman for the attorney general , tony spontana , told cnn friday this is not the required 72-hour notice given to death row convicts before the actual execution . but he said , `` the time is approaching . '' the 10 inmates , from australia , france , ghana , the philippines , brazil , nigeria and indonesia , had their petitions for clemency denied by president joko widodo in late 2014 . the executions , which will be carried out by firing squad , were planned for earlier this year but were postponed after several inmates filed separate legal challenges . on tuesday , the indonesian supreme court rejected reviews filed by french national serge atlaoui and ghanaian martin anderson . `` we 're just waiting for one more decision on the judicial review filed by zainal abidin and we hope the supreme court 's decision will come out tomorrow ( friday ) , '' spontana added . abidin is also a drug convict and the only indonesian citizen in the group . chan and sukumaran , members of the so-called `` bali nine '' convicted for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot , tried to challenge the president 's decision earlier this month but lost an appeal for the state administrative court to hear their case . their lawyers have since filed another review at the constitutional court . the attorney general 's office has said they would respect all ongoing court proceedings but insisted the inmates have exhausted all their legal options . australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair and has unsuccessfully proposed a prisoner swap with indonesia as a way of avoiding their deaths . in another sign that the execution date may be announced soon , spontana said veloso , 30 , was moved friday to nusa kambangan , which lies off the coast of west java . she has been held in a prison in yogyakarta , central java since 2010 . the supreme court rejected her petition for a judicial review in march but her lawyers were still preparing to file a second review on monday . opinion : why executions wo n't win indonesia 's drug war . according to her lawyers , veloso unknowingly carried drugs into indonesia and that she was set up by members of a drug syndicate . her entire family has traveled to indonesia to fulfill her last wish . older sister marites laurente told cnn friday that veloso wants to see parents , siblings and two young sons before facing the firing squad . laurente said that while her sister seemed resigned to her fate , the family still hopes for a stay in her execution . `` the chances are slim but we 're hoping for a miracle . that 's what we need , a miracle , '' she said . `` if president widodo kills her , he would kill an innocent person . so please stop them from executing her . '' at the time of the interview , lawyers had not informed the family about news of the attorney general 's orders . veloso 's father , cesar veloso , 59 , suffers from a heart ailment and seemed distraught about his daughter 's situation . `` if i find out that my daughter will be executed the next day , i will kill myself first , '' he told cnn late thursday . `` it 's like throwing my child away . she is innocent . i can not accept it . '' no date has been set for the execution .