( cnn ) saturday at the masters , like any pga tournament , has been dubbed ' moving day ' . it 's the day after the fat has been cut and the big dogs make their move up -- or occasionally down -- the leader board . players rose and players fell away on moving day at the 2015 masters . rory mcilroy went out in 32 and briefly raised the crowd 's hopes that he had a sniff of completing an improbable grand slam on sunday night . but he dropped two shots late on in the round to finish six under par . woods comeback ? a rejuvenated tiger woods showed touches of his old class mixed with the ragged unpredictability that has marked his new game to finish six under too . a huge improvement , but still a long way from him wearing the green jacket again . `` it could have been a super low today , '' a disappointed woods said after his round . `` all in all . it should have been two shots better . '' phil mickelson powered around the course , threatening to challenge too , finishing on eleven under . as did a late justin rose surge , where he fired four birdies in a row to finish twelve under and in second place . in the end , there was lots of moving , but no one could move quick enough or far enough to trouble jordan spieth . infallible . the 21 year old has been nothing short of a sensation at augusta . his infallible first two rounds gave the 21 year old from dallas , texas a five shot lead going in to the third round . that has happened only three times at augusta before , and on all three occasions the leader has gone on to win . spieth 's 15 birdies are just 10 away from phil mickelson 's masters mark set in 2001 . he could also break tiger woods 270 set in 1997 . as it happened , spieth played a steady , almost conservative round . when he made the occasional mistake , like the bogey at 15 , he hit back straight away with a birdie next hole . as his third round came to a close the birdies flowed , his putting impeccable . the only nerves on show came during the last two holes with a double bogey at the 17 . echos of 1996 ? when reminded of some of the great augusta comebacks , including nick faldo 's 11 shot swing in 1996 , tiger woods still believes anything is possible . `` it really is , '' he said . `` we saw what happened in 1996 . you never know . it depends on the conditions . '' he is , of course , right . as greg norman knows only too well , anything can happen on the final day . but that kind of crescendo also depends on spieth experiencing a greg norman-style meltdown . spieth 's double bogey on the 17th and wobble on the 18th will give the chasing pack some hope . yet , for all the movement of mickelson , woods , rose and mcilroy , they made just a one shot dent into spieth 's second round lead . he will begin sunday four shots ahead .