( cnn ) change is coming to ferguson . in the next few weeks the department of justice ( doj ) will begin to negotiate in earnest with the city to restructure the police department , which the department has charged with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination . it should not be forgotten that the doj review of the ferguson police department was precipitated by months of protests and activism following the killing of michael brown by a ferguson police officer and by revelations about the town 's dysfunctional government and court system by local civil rights law groups . now , after a half year of unrest , and with citizens on tuesday electing two new black city council members , change is beginning to come to ferguson . the question is , what kind of change ? the report from the department of justice offered a devastating insight into a police department and court system that preyed on its own citizens . through illegal traffic stops and arrests , and the use of excessive force , the police department held town residents in bondage . the municipal court system used excessive court fines and fees to ensure that citizens arrested for even minor infractions would be charged thousands of dollars or face jail time . court costs and fees constituted the second-largest sources of revenue for the town . rather than a force for public safety , the ferguson police department became , according to attorney general eric holder , `` a collection agency '' -- one that preyed disproportionately on the town 's african-american residents . the evidence of ugly and explicit racial discrimination was devastating . it included blatantly racist emails traded among officers , and evidence that african-americans were victims in all of the police canine bite incidents recorded by the department . but just a few weeks before the release of the report , the ferguson police chief declared there were `` no racial issues '' in his department . ferguson 's ugly , racist emails released . the recommendations in the report , ranging from new training and supervision of police officers , addressing racially discriminatory conduct to structural revisions in the court system , will , if implemented , remake the law enforcement system in the town . ( a grand jury that investigated the shooting of brown by officer darren wilson chose not to file charges against him and the justice department also did n't find reason to prosecute . ) without question , change is coming to the town 's government . town manager john shaw , ferguson 's most powerful official and , until the doj 's blistering report , the one who inexplicably managed to elude public scrutiny , resigned weeks ago and has been replaced by the city 's deputy manager . three sitting city council members chose not to run for office again and , on tuesday , citizens elected two black candidates to the city council , changing its racial composition : five of six members and the mayor were white . now the council will be 50 % black . ferguson 's hapless police chief thomas jackson also finally resigned after holding on through a months-long display of astonishing incompetence . the department first drew the attention of the nation for its display of military weaponry and tear gas in response to civilian protests . the appointment of a commander from the state highway patrol was deemed necessary to begin quelling the unrest and to build community trust in the early days of the protest . jackson 's departure sent an important signal to the population of a town preyed upon by officers under his command . and so we can be certain that along with the new makeup of the city council , there will be a new police chief in ferguson . but does that mean that fundamental change will come to ferguson ? not necessarily . not unless protest and activism during this critical period turns to influence the vitally important opportunities that lie ahead in the coming weeks . the department of justice 's full-on negotiations with the leadership in ferguson will determine the shape of the new ferguson police department . indeed , the doj report alludes to the possibility of disbanding the department in favor of a regional policing integration with st. louis county . many local activists have suggested just such a solution , but given ongoing problems with policing in the county -- including the role of county forces in some of the most controversial clashes with activists in ferguson last fall -- community representatives will have to fight hard to ensure that the doj can fold st. louis county police into its monitoring and reform process . equally important were the april 7 general elections . turnout in municipal elections has been notoriously low in ferguson , with white voters nearly three times more likely to turn out than african-americans . but local groups had engaged in vigorous voter registration and get-out-the-vote campaigns.. . the mayor has two years left to his term and has defiantly insisted that he will not resign ( although a petition for his recall has been circulating ) . that means that he will be a lead voice in negotiating with the doj to remake the police department . has he committed to a clear set of principles that will guide his participation in those talks ? community activists and residents must ensure that mayor james knowles plans to represent their vision of new ferguson police department . but there is an opportunity to begin thinking about even more ambitious structural change in ferguson and throughout st. louis county . ferguson 's governing structure , with a strong city manager and a weak council and mayor , mirrors that of thousands of other suburbs in the united states . that form of governance might have been precisely what thriving , middle class white suburbanites wanted when they fled racial integration in cities like st. louis . but working class suburbs like ferguson with a majority black population in which the needs of the population in the areas of education and economic opportunity more closely hews to the needs of urban residents , may need a more robust form of governance . in any case , a system in which the elected officials have minimal power , but non-elected leaders , like the town manager and the chief of police , have inordinate power , is a recipe for the kind of unaccountable , non-representative government that controlled ferguson 's residents . yet this precise form of government is in wide use across the country . likewise , missouri , like the vast majority of states , holds municipal elections in non-presidential election years , guaranteeing a significantly lower voter turnout -- although only a few states hold the primary and general election in march and april as missouri law requires ferguson to do . it 's not that ferguson is so different than towns across america . it 's precisely because ferguson holds up a mirror to flaws in our democratic system of government in towns across this country that the stakes are so high . ferguson residents now have the opportunity to begin a movement for change in the other 89 jurisdictions in st. louis county plagued by similar governance flaws , including those towns led by african-americans . and ferguson 's example should provoke self-examination in working class suburbs across the country , where the power and effectiveness of weak elected local government is inadequate to meet the needs of the population . change is coming to ferguson . but the scope and breadth of that change will depend upon the ambition and discipline of activists and residents , whose passion and tenacity have already transformed the trajectory of leadership in a typical american town .