( cnn ) fifteen buffalo were shot and killed on friday after a day on the loose in upstate new york . the chase , which took farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions through forests and over the hudson river , ended with `` snipers '' from the animals ' farm gunning down the buffalo from the side of the road , according to lt. thomas heffernan of the bethlehem police department . `` it was turning into the wild , wild , west , '' albany county sheriff craig apple told reporters on friday . `` it was time to put an end to it . '' heffernan described the hectic last moments of the chase : `` they were setting up a perimeter around the animals in the secluded area , they got spooked and they charged through our guys , '' heffernan said . the herd then stampeded across the interstate highway , breaking through a wire fence . `` once they crossed over the freeway , that really escalated it , '' heffernan said . `` there was no choice ; the animals had to be destroyed . '' the bull of the heard weighed over 1,300 pounds and a collision with a car could easily have been fatal , heffernan said . new york state police helicopters were called in and nearby school districts were alerted to keep all students inside , heffernan said . four men from gem farms in schodack , new york , from where the buffalo escaped , were on the scene by a ravine in coeymans , new york , to kill the animals , a decision heffernan said was n't made lightly , but that was necessary . george mesick , the 87-year-old owner of the farm , sat in the car listening to the radio as his buffalo were shot . `` very sad , '' mesick said . `` i 'm just so glad that they got them before somebody got hurt . '' twenty-two buffalo escaped from the farm on thursday -- half the farm 's stock -- including six that were shot thursday night in rensselaer county , mesick said . one buffalo calf was found dead on a road , hit , and not reported , by a driver , mesick said . mesick has been raising buffalo for their meat since 1973 , he said , with no escape like this before . `` they love to roam , '' he said . `` they love to get in the big field and go like a son of a gun and that 's what they did yesterday . '' the last buffalo were shot 20 miles from the farm , he said . the herd broke through three strands of high tensile barbed wire to escape the farm , and later swam across the hudson river , according to mesick , still surprised . `` they never even had a pond to swim across , '' mesick said . `` i still ca n't believe it . ''