sao paulo , brazil ( cnn ) throngs of protesters packed the streets of major brazilian cities on sunday , pushing for the impeachment of president dilma rousseff . fueled by mounting anger over a corruption scandal that has implicated politicians in rousseff 's party , demonstrators chanted `` out with dilma '' and `` time for change . '' police estimated that 275,000 demonstrators marched in sao paulo . a sea of protesters dressed in the green and yellow of the brazilian flag used decades-old rallying cries to fire up their ranks , singing rock songs that date back to protests of the country 's one-time military dictatorship . it 's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month . and protesters vowed that it would n't be the last . there are a number of issues at play . one of the biggest : an investigation into a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme at the state-run oil company petrobras . most of the politicians accused in the investigation belong to rousseff 's workers party and its allies . and during many of the years that the alleged corruption took place , rousseff was the chairwoman of petrobras . there has n't been any evidence she was involved with the scheme , and her supporters say the position is merely a figurehead . rousseff has defended brazilians ' right to protest and acknowledged the need to clean up corruption at petrobras but denied any prior knowledge of the alleged kickback scheme . brazilians are still outraged . rousseff won re-election with just over 50 % of the votes in october , but her approval rating plummeted to 13 % after protests began last month . `` many things have changed since the election , '' janaina , a protester in sao paulo , said on sunday , noting that even some people who voted for rousseff were in the crowd . some protesters said they 'd rather see rousseff step down than push for impeachment , which could be difficult to push through without evidence tying the president directly to the corruption scandal . but janaina said impeachment remained a realistic option . `` yes , it has to be , '' she said . `` it 's our last hope . '' cnn 's shasta darlington reported from sao paulo . cnn 's marilia brocchetto , catherine e. shoichet and jessica king contributed to this report .