( cnn ) a 24-year-old man is in custody after he called for an ambulance , only to have french authorities come and discover weapons , ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches -- an attack that someone in syria requested , a top prosecutor said wednesday . the man was identified later as sid ahmed ghlam , french interior minister bernard cazeneuve told television broadcaster tf1 . paris prosecutor francois molins said ghlam asked for medical help at his home in paris ' 13th district sunday morning , claiming he had accidentally injured himself when he mishandled a weapon . but authorities found more than a man with a gunshot wound in his thigh . molins said ghlam was someone suspected of killing a 32-year-old woman hours earlier and who then intended to launch a larger-scale terror attack in the near future . `` ( he ) let them believe that he was the victim , '' french president francois hollande said wednesday . `` but police understood that there was an investigation that needed to be initiated . '' that probe started in earnest when police spotted traces of blood and bags in the suspect 's car . based on this discovery `` and in view of the attitude and suspicious behavior of the individual , '' they looked inside the car and found a loaded kalashnikov gun , a 9-mm revolver , three cell phones , a laptop , a usb key , a satellite navigation system `` and handwritten documents that contained information on possible targets , '' molins said . a search inside his home turned up yet more potentially key evidence , including three more kalashnikovs , three bulletproof vests , police armbands , a camera , some 2,000 euros in cash and `` documents in arabic mentioning al qaeda and isis , '' according to the prosecutor . `` a terrorist attack has been foiled , '' hollande said . `` it 's not the first time . '' earlier ghlam was identified as a computer science student originally from algeria . according to molins , he lived in that north african country until 2001 , joined his parents in france for the next two years , then went back to algeria . he got his undergraduate degree in that nation , then returned to france to study electronics . he 'd never been convicted of a crime ; in fact , the lone accusation against him in august 2013 was later withdrawn . but that did n't mean french authorities did n't know about ghlam . `` he had been noticed wishing to go to syria , '' molins explained . the prosecutor added that authorities found nothing to suggest he was imminent threat , `` but he was under surveillance . '' law enforcement checked on the man once in 2014 and again this year , cazeneuve said . the minister said the man planned to head to syria , a country embroiled in a bloody , years-long civil war that has attracted foreigners wishing to join extremist militant groups like isis . there was no indication he ever made it . but , molins said , computer searches revealed that the man had been communicating with someone in syria who `` asked him to target a church . '' what church ? authorities did n't disclose that detail on wednesday , though molins did say `` this target was confirmed by ( the suspect 's satellite navigation system ) and handwritten documents in his car . '' paris is home to the famed notre dame cathedral and sacre coeur basilica , both huge draws for tourists . it 's not known if either were in line to be attacked , but prime minister manuel valls wednesday visited one of the churches allegedly targeted , which was located in the paris suburb of villejuif . assuming ghlam does n't walk free anytime soon -- for now , he 's in custody awaiting possible charges -- that attack wo n't happen anytime soon . but authorities say he 's already claimed at least one victim . her name is aurelie chatelain . the 32-year-old was found dead sunday morning sitting in the passenger seat of a parked car in villejuif , killed by a single bullet that struck her shoulder , went through her body and ended up embedded in the seat . cazeneuve said chatelain was the mother of a 5-year-old girl and had come to the region on saturday to attend a training class . it 's not known what connection , if any , she had with the suspect . nonetheless , molins said that ballistics , dna , satellite navigation and other evidence connected him to the death of chatelain , who molins called the region 's first victim of terrorism since january . that 's when the massacre at charlie hebdo 's offices and the siege of a kosher market in paris took place , prompting french authorities to beef up security measures . `` france , like other countries , is facing a terror threat that is unprecedented in its nature and magnitude , '' valls said . `` ... terrorists are targeting france to divide us . '' cnn 's jethro mullen , andrew carey , sandrine amiel and ariana williams contributed to this report .