paris ( cnn ) six survivors of the paris kosher supermarket siege in january are suing a french media outlet for what they call dangerous live broadcasting during the hostage-taking . according to paris prosecutor 's spokeswoman agnes thibault-lecuivre , the lawsuit was filed march 27 and a preliminary investigation was opened by the prosecutor 's office wednesday . the media outlet , cnn affiliate bfmtv , is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages , who were hiding in a cold room during the attack , by broadcasting their location live during the siege . bfm in a statement friday said one of its journalists `` mentioned only once the presence of a woman hidden inside the hyper cacher , on the basis of police sources on the ground . '' `` immediately , the chief editor felt that this information should not be released . it therefore has subsequently never been repeated on air or posted on-screen . bfmtv regrets that the mention of this information could cause concern to the hostages , as well as their relatives , that their lives were in danger , '' the statement said . gunman amedy coulibaly , also suspected in the slaying of a police officer , stormed the hyper cacher jewish supermarket on january 9 , killing four people and taking others hostage . he was killed in the police operation to end the siege . a 24-year-old supermarket employee , malian-born lassana bathily , was hailed as a hero afterward when it emerged that he had risked his life to hide 15 customers from coulibaly in the cold room . the hostage-taking was the culmination of three days of terror in paris that began with the january 7 shooting of 12 people at the offices of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo . the two brothers blamed for that attack , cherif and said kouachi , were killed on january 9 after a violent standoff at an industrial site . the terror attacks claimed the lives of 17 people and put france on a heightened state of alert . cnn 's ariana williams reported from paris , and laura smith-spark wrote from london . cnn 's pierre meilhan contributed to this report .