( cnn ) [ breaking news update , posted at 11:52 p.m . et ] denver police report nine arrests in wednesday 's demonstrations . the charges include assault of a police officer , robbery , resisting police , disobedience to lawful orders , obstructing roadways , and interference . [ previous story , posted at 10:54 p.m . et ] ( cnn ) -- in cities across the united states , marchers took to the streets to show support for protesters in baltimore and to complain about police violence in their own towns . on wednesday night , several hundred people streamed into union square for an `` nyc rise up & shut it down with baltimore '' rally . protesters headed west on 17th street and were met by new york city police officers who pushed them back . a small scuffle broke out between the two front lines and police placed at least 20 people in zip ties in the street . the nypd also handed out fliers and used loudspeakers to tell protesters and pedestrians to stay on the sidewalk . one person was placed in ambulance and taken away . the crowd headed toward times square . a law enforcement source told cnn that more than 60 people were arrested during the demonstrations . the rally was organized through social media , much like protests over the killing of eric garner , who died while police held him in what appeared to be a chokehold . the demonstrators chanted `` black lives matter '' and `` justice for freddie gray '' -- the baltimore man whose death sparked street confrontations in baltimore . cnn affiliate wcbs reported mayor bill de blasio sent a message to the protesters : `` i 'd say that if you want to make change , keep things peaceful . '' a smaller rally was held tuesday in new york . in washington , about 500 protesters , mostly in their 20s , gathered in the middle of h street and 7th and chanted , `` all night , all day , we 're gon na fight for freddie gray . '' the mood seemed more festive than confrontational , with songs by public enemy like `` fight the power '' playing and sign-language interpreters translating the music and chants . the protest moved to the white house where most of the crowd dispersed . it started after most office workers had headed home and did n't disrupt the washington workforce badly . one of the groups involved in the protest is the dc ferguson movement . organizer eugene puryear said the march was called to show solidarity with the residents in baltimore and to highlight that police brutality is a national issue . several hundred people gathered in gold medal park in minneapolis for a rally organized by the group of # blacklivesmatter . the minneapolis group held similar events in the past in response to alleged police brutality across the country . protests also were held in boston and houston . on tuesday , violent protests took place in ferguson , missouri , where three people were shot , the city police reported . police said they did n't do the shooting . a 20-year-old man was arrested and the three victims were in stable condition -- two with wounds to the neck , one in the leg , police said . police said about 300 people marched , with protesters throwing rocks at police , damaging four police cars and setting trash and debris on fire near northwinds estates and west florissant , police said . one business in dellwood was damaged , police said . no officers were injured as police conducted anti-riot activities until 3 a.m . in los angeles , six people protesting against police brutality were arrested monday night when they failed to disperse , reported cnn affiliate kabc . about 50 people marched , kabc said . on tuesday , protesters gathered outside the stapes center , where the los angeles clippers and the san antonio spurs were playing an nba playoff game . they disrupted traffic and carried protest signs . in chicago , hundreds of protesters marched tuesday from police headquarters at 35th and michigan through the southside , cnn affiliate wgn reported . police made one arrest , for reckless conduct . wgn said protesters spoke about police violence and the death of rekia boyd , who was killed by an off-duty officer in 2012 . that officer was acquitted last week . the group plans to gather wednesday night at the depaul law school . about 100 people marched monday night in oakland in support of baltimore protesters , reported cnn affiliate kabc . a protest is planned for thursday in cincinnati , reported cnn affiliate wxix . philly.com said a `` philly is baltimore '' protest will be held thursday at philadelphia city hall . cnn 's alexandra field , elizabeth landers , lorenzo ferrigno and suzanne malveaux contributed to this report .