cedar falls , iowa ( cnn ) as aides politely tried to rush ted cruz from an event in cedar falls to one in cedar rapids , iowa , on thursday , the presidential candidate continued shaking hands with anyone who wanted to meet him . finally , after the selfies and conversations started to die down , his aides managed to move him closer to the door when a tall , burly man stopped him . `` senator , '' he said , `` can i pray with you real quick ? '' `` yeah , '' cruz said , as he clasped the man 's upper arm and the two bowed their heads . it was one of the many moments when cruz connected with voters on a religious level last week , as the senator from texas hit the trail in iowa for the first time as a presidential candidate . being the only official contender in the race , cruz drew large crowds during his two-day swing across the state . he 's counting on iowa , known for its vocal and active evangelical base , to propel him forward in what 's expected to be a tough competition among a crowded field of gop candidates . cruz , himself , displays a pastoral swagger when he is speaking on stage and working a room . the senator regularly avoids using a podium , instead favoring pacing the stage with a wireless microphone , a scene reminiscent of a sunday morning sermon . when he meets with people after events , he embraces each one 's hand with both of his , softens his usually theatric tone and looks people square in the eye -- a familiar interaction between churchgoing christians and their pastors . the past two winners of iowa 's caucuses rose to victory with support from the christian right , and cruz , who announced his bid last month at the well-known baptist school liberty university , is aiming to energize that same base and claim the coveted state as his prize . evangelicals make up a large segment of iowa 's republican voter bloc . according to a des moines register/bloomberg politics poll from january , 44 % of likely 2016 republican caucus-goers said they were born-again or evangelical christians . cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative willing to buck gop leadership on fiscal issues , but he showed in iowa last week that he 's also eager to champion social issues at a time when many republicans are anxious to avoid them . he was one of the loudest defenders of the religious freedom law in indiana , which came under fire last week for what critics called paving a path to discrimination against gays and lesbians . he described the outrage over the laws as `` shameful '' and an `` assault '' on first amendment rights . `` there are a lot of people here in iowa and across the country whose hearts are breaking , watching what has happened in the last two weeks , '' cruz said friday night at an event in des moines . `` we have seen a grossly unfair vilification of religious liberty . '' related : republican 2016 hopefuls back indiana 's ' religious freedom ' law . he 's more than comfortable talking about his own faith and telling the story of how his father became a christian and a pastor . rafael cruz , who 's become a celebrity among christian conservatives , will frequently visit iowa over the next year , cruz told voters . and cruz 's iowa director , bryan english , is a former pastor . cruz 's first television ads are appearing this weekend during programs on fox news and nbc that are pegged to easter sunday . in the ad , cruz talks about the impact of the `` transformative love of jesus christ '' on his life . while neither mike huckabee , who won iowa in 2008 , nor rick santorum , who won in 2012 , went on to win the nomination , their successes helped launch them into high-profile battles with the then-front-runners . and with both of them likely running again in 2016 , the competition will be stiff . that 's why , for cruz , courting evangelicals is only a component of a three-pronged strategy to win the nomination that also includes dominating the tea party faction and competing for the libertarian base . his stump speech hits on elements that appeal to each faction . he received standing ovations last week for calling to abolish the irs , and , in a knock against the national security agency , he frequently tells audiences to leave their cell phones on so president obama `` can hear every word i have to say . '' cruz argued thursday that the republican party needs to bridge the gap between what he described as the ron paul-rand paul faction of the party -- young libertarian-minded voters -- and the santorum base -- evangelicals . the two blocs , he said , are `` not necessarily the best of chums . '' `` if we 're going to win , we 've got to bring that coalition together , '' he said in cedar falls . `` and i think we can do that . '' cruz frequently says he wants to see a return of the evangelical vote to 2004 levels , when more than six in 10 evangelicals voted in the presidential election , a higher than normal turnout for the demographic . that number has waned slightly since 2004 -- but it 's not too far off from the 56 % of the overall population that voted in 2012 . still , his campaign believes that if it can tap into the group of evangelicals who 've been staying home and get the demographic as a whole to overperform , then that could mean the difference of millions more at the polls . `` if you look at available places for the party to expand the vote , it does n't exist in the middle , it exists in the evangelical vote , '' said rick tyler , a top cruz adviser . `` it is n't a pond , it 's an unfished ocean of available voters who are conservative . '' russell moore , president of the ethics & religious liberty commission of the southern baptist convention , said he expects to see record turnout among evangelicals in 2016 no matter who the nominee is or what that person says . moore points to hot-button topics like religious freedom issues in the u.s. , as well as increased attention to the killing of minority christians in the middle east and rising anti-semitism . `` i do n't think a candidate is going to be able to get very far simply by using evangelical lingo or by pointing to his or her personal faith , '' moore said . `` i think a candidate is going to have to explain how he or she would protect religious liberty and would appoint justices and judges who will maintain the common good . '' later in april , voters in iowa will see the bulk of the gop field tackle these issues when they take the stage at an event hosted by the iowa faith and freedom coalition . while the past two winners of the iowa caucuses -- santorum and huckabee -- are likely running for president again , steve scheffler , president of the group , argued that the field is wide open in terms of who 's going to win favor among evangelicals . jeb bush , while not popular among conservative activists , was known for his staunch anti-abortion record as florida governor and touts his catholic faith as a big force behind his policy views . scott walker is the son of a pastor . ben carson , the former neurosurgeon , rose to fame in conservative circles after criticizing the obama administration at a national prayer breakfast . and other likely candidates -- from marco rubio to rick perry to rand paul -- have made serious efforts to court the religious right . `` it 's up for grabs . it 's a clean slate regardless of if you 've run before , '' scheffler said . `` naturally those two ( huckabee and santorum ) have the name recognition and database of people who supported them in the past , but by and large voters are going to say , ' let me take a good look at all of these candidates . ' ''