sanaa , yemen ( cnn ) a border guard was killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in yemen this week , the state-run saudi press agency reported thursday -- marking saudi arabia 's first publicly known military death since it launched airstrikes against rebels inside its southern neighbor . the clash occurred wednesday night at the border in southwestern saudi arabia 's asir region , when militants in a mountainous area on the yemeni side fired on saudi border troops , prompting them to return fire , spa reported . besides the slain border guard -- identified as cpl . salman ali yahya al-maliki -- 10 others suffered injuries that were not life-threatening , the saudi media outlet said . on thursday , houthi rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern yemeni port city of aden , a neutral security official and two houthi commanders in aden told cnn . the palace had been where president abdu rabu mansour hadi , who fled the country last month , had stayed for a period of time after houthis secured control of the capital , sanaa , in january . according to the security official , houthis now control most large districts in aden amid ongoing clashes . yemeni special forces , considered pro-houthi and loyal to former president ali abdullah saleh , arrived in aden on thursday in an attempt `` to secure the city , '' a saudi official with knowledge of the situation told cnn . `` i can now confirm that it is not saudi special forces who have landed but yemeni special forces loyal to saleh who landed by small boat . they are few in number and have made their way to the old parliament building , '' the intelligence official said . u.s. navy warships , meanwhile , were patrolling off yemen in search of suspicious shipping in the region , in particular any weapons shipments from iran to the houthi rebels they are supporting in yemen , a u.s. defense official told cnn . the navy on wednesday came across a panamanian-registered cargo ship that had left an iranian port , the official said . based on the route of the ship from iran to yemen , the navy declared it a `` vessel of interest '' and requested permission from the captain to search it . the ship was found to be carrying cement and construction materials , the official said . it was sent on its way . the offshore area has been a route for weapons smuggling into yemen , as well as sudan and gaza , so the navy has maintained a regular surveillance presence there . the official said that increased fighting in the last several days in southern yemen has resulted in other ships trying to dock to help civilians leave the country . marie claire feghali , an international committee of the red cross spokeswoman in sanaa , described events in aden as `` extremely fluid and very , very complicated . '' `` hospitals are still struggling , running out of supplies . so are we , '' she said . `` we can not move much in aden due to the intense fighting and chaos . '' a hospital near heavy fighting was forced to shut down . officials : al qaeda fighters free 270 from yemeni prisons . cnn 's barbara starr contributed to this report .