moscow ( cnn ) joy womack is taking part in her first ballet class of the day at the kremlin ballet theatre , kicking her legs up to her head , jumping and spinning across the room . after class , she eats boiled sweets , one after another -- they are a cheap form of energy . the dancer , raised in california and texas , left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in russia six years ago , aged 15 , speaking no russian . she studied at the bolshoi ballet academy and was one of the first americans accepted from the school into the company . but in 2013 she left under a cloud -- media reports suggested she had claimed she was asked by an unnamed boshoi official to pay $ 10,000 to dance in even small roles . the bolshoi still stands by comments made at the time by its general director , vladimir urin . he asked the dancer to make an official complaint and defend her position legally , saying the theatre was ready to assist the law enforcement agencies to investigate the case and that `` if the facts are legally established , those responsible should be punished accordingly . '' the dancer did not pursue a case against the bolshoi . when she left the bolshoi in 2013 , womack joined the kremlin ballet theatre where she still works , aged 20 , as a principal ballerina ; dancing close to the russian president 's office , next to the cathedrals inside the red walls of the kremlin . the surroundings may be opulent but her pay packet is not : for her role as a principal dancer womack says she is paid around $ 240 a month -- which works out at around $ 8 a day . the dancer says the amount of money she makes in dollars each month has fallen as the russian ruble has weakened -- the currency has suffered , in part , from a low oil price and international sanctions imposed on russia over its annexation of crimea last year . womack says a friend helps her with accommodation and she says she has to make the money stretch in order to buy food . `` for anyone paid a salary in rubles , especially since the crisis , it is extremely difficult . you have to decide what is worth more for you - experience or financial stability . i 'm at a point in my life where experience is worth more . '' sitting in the wings of the stage , chatting in russian to the other dancers and stretching before her rehearsal for swan lake , she says she has to make the $ 185 in her bank account last for the next few weeks . to earn extra money she dances bigger roles or takes part in events abroad . the kremlin ballet theatre says womack 's salary corresponds to her job title as a principal dancer and that , `` on average , the salary [ principal ] dancers are paid is significantly higher '' than $ 240 a month but that womack could have been paid that equivalent in dollars `` depending on the exchange rate on the day and depending on how much she danced in productions the previous month . '' as an american , womack says she is paid the same as her contemporaries and is treated just like the russians . but she says that is not always the case offstage . `` it 's extremely difficult to watch the deteriorating relationships between the united states and russia . the great thing about working for a russian company is that we are focused on creating art but ... outside the ballet world it is difficult for foreigners ; the general tendency tends to be more nationalistic and they unfortunately judge foreigners by their cover . '' although relations between the u.s. and russia have taken a nosedive since russia 's annexation of crimea last march , womack says she is `` very loyal '' to the kremlin ballet theatre . `` i love the russian system and i 'm very patriotic in that sense , '' she says . and despite the political situation -- and the money -- she says , `` russia has a lot to offer , it is a beautiful place that creates stars and that itself is worth investing one 's career in .