tokyo ( cnn ) a crowd gathers near the entrance of tokyo 's upscale mitsukoshi department store , which traces its roots to a kimono shop in the late 17th century . fitting with the store 's history , the new greeter wears a traditional japanese kimono while delivering information to the growing crowd , whose expressions vary from amusement to bewilderment . it 's hard to imagine the store 's founders in the late 1600 's could have imagined this kind of employee . that 's because the greeter is not a human -- it 's a robot . aiko chihira is an android manufactured by toshiba , designed to look and move like a real person . it was put on temporary display at the department store . toshiba says chihira has 43 motors allowing it to move , speak in sign language and even sing . the regular greeter , ayako seiryu , says she 's not worried about a robot replacing her -- even one made to resemble a real 32-year-old woman . `` communication is important , '' she says . `` my strength is i can actually talk to people . '' chihira ca n't have a conversation yet , acknowledges hitoshi tokuda , toshiba spokesperson . but he says the technology is evolving quickly and someday , robots like chihira could replace humans for certain jobs . a growing number of japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country 's shrinking workforce . they 're appearing in stores , banks and soon even hotels . bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj is trying out `` nao , '' a customer service robot that answers basic questions and is designed to speak 19 languages . the robotic polygot could prove useful serving foreign customers during the 2020 tokyo olympics . by then , the bank hopes to have even more robots on staff . `` pepper '' is a humanoid robot that `` chats '' with customers . a humanoid has human-like characteristics such as arms , legs and a head -- but is designed to look like a robot . pepper first began appearing in tokyo stores last year . manufacturer softbank hopes it 'll eventually be a `` family robot , '' like a sleeker version of rosie on `` the jetsons . '' meet pepper -- the world 's first emo robot . a hotel scheduled to open at huis ten bosch theme park in nagasaki this summer plans to have 10 robot staff members and aims to increase that to more than 90 % of hotel services operated by robots . today 's novelty could be tomorrow 's necessity . japan has an aging population that has prompted serious talks about how to incorporate robots into the nation 's shrinking workforce . one group that seems willing to embrace robots are japan 's senior citizens . a survey by nursing home operator orix living found more seniors would feel comfortable being cared for by a robot than a foreign nurse . in a nation with a dwindling population , waning workforce , and deep resistance to immigration , it seems robots will only play a larger role in japan 's future .