washington ( cnn ) judge jeffrey sutton does n't have a lot of company on the appeals courts these days . sutton , who sits on the 6th u.s . circuit court of appeals in cincinnati , penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage . his opinion , issued in november , goes up against an avalanche of judicial rulings striking down such bans . the split helped pave the way for the u.s. supreme court to take up a case on tuesday that could ultimately decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have a constitutional right to marry . and it provides important insight into the legal arguments that could be made before the court by states seeking to uphold bans at a time when the national sentiment is quickly shifting in favor of same-sex marriage . `` it 's an ideal piece of judicial craftsmanship , '' said ryan t. anderson of the heritage foundation , who believes that state bans on same-sex marriage are constitutional . sutton `` more or less takes each and every argument that the other side has made , and then one by one by one , he explains why it does n't work . '' critics call the opinion an outlier and do n't believe it will carry much weight , considering the number of courts that have overturned same-sex marriage bans in the nearly two years since the supreme court struck down the core of the federal defense of marriage act . `` judge sutton 's opinion stands alone , '' said jon w. davidson , legal director of lambda legal , a gay rights advocacy group . sutton , 54 , is the former state solicitor for ohio , where he handled appeals for the state 's attorney general . he clerked for justices antonin scalia and lewis powell -- scalia once called sutton `` one of the very best law clerks i ever had . '' appointed to the bench by president george w. bush , sutton is considered a conservative jurist with a keen interest in states ' rights . here are the central arguments from his opinion that states seeking to uphold their same-sex marriage bans are expected to echo on tuesday . it is `` dangerous and demeaning , '' sutton wrote , to the citizenry to assume that only judges `` can fairly understand '' the arguments for and against same-sex marriage . `` is n't the goal to create a culture in which a majority of citizens dignify and respect the rights of minority groups ? '' he asked in the opinion joined by judge deborah l. cook , also a bush appointee . critics such as davidson have roundly condemned such reasoning . `` the people do n't get to decide what the constitution safeguards , '' davidson said . `` they do n't get to vote to violate the constitution . '' sutton pointed to the drafters and their views of the 14th amendment . `` nobody in this case , '' he wrote , `` argues that the people who adopted the fourteenth amendment understood it to require the states to change the definition of marriage . '' it 's an argument made to enforce the idea that there is no fundamental right to marriage for same-sex couples in the constitution . `` from the founding of the republic to 2003 , every state defined marriage as a relationship between a man and a woman , '' he wrote , noting that the `` fourteenth amendment permits , though does not require , states to define marriage that way . '' he said that the same-sex marriage bans rationally advance a legitimate government policy . `` by creating a status ( marriage ) and by subsidizing it ( e.g . with tax-filing privileges and deductions ) , the states created an incentive for two people who procreate together to stay together for purposes of rearing offspring . '' he said that states should not be accused of `` irrationality , '' but only the awareness that same-sex couples do n't have children in the same way as couples of the opposite sex . sutton pushes back on any suggestion that those who oppose same-sex marriage have negative feelings about gay and lesbian couples . he said that ballot initiatives banning same sex-marriage were not driven by hostility but were passed by `` real people who teach our children , create our jobs , and defend our shores . '' gene schaerr , a washington appellate lawyer who help to defend utah 's ban on same-sex marriage , calls sutton 's opinion a road map for whoever might write an opinion supporting state bans . `` he 's very much willing both in the result and in his analysis to leave the issue to the people without suggesting an answer one way or another , '' schaerr said . but attached to sutton 's opinion was a harsh dissent from a third member of the three-judge panel that heard the case in the 6th circuit . judge martha craig daughtrey , a bill clinton appointee , dismissed the opinion as an `` engrossing ted talk '' and a `` largely irrelevant discourse on democracy and federalism . '' daughtrey said that sutton failed to see the plaintiffs as individuals `` suffering actual harm . '' `` these plaintiffs are not political zealots trying to push reform on their fellow citizens , `` she wrote , but committed same-sex couples seeking equal status . her harshest language was for sutton 's premise that the decision should be left to the democratic process . `` if we in the judiciary do not have the authority , and indeed the responsibility , to right fundamental wrongs left excused by a majority of the electorate , our whole intricate , constitutional system of checks and balances , as well as the oaths to which we swore , prove to be nothing but shams . ''