( cnn ) eyewitness video showing white north charleston police officer michael slager shooting to death an unarmed black man has exposed discrepancies in the reports of the first officers on the scene . slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old walter scott . a bystander 's cell phone video , which began after an alleged struggle on the ground between slager and scott , shows the five-year police veteran shooting at scott eight times as scott runs away . scott was hit five times . if words were exchanged between the men , they 're are not audible on the tape . it 's unclear what happened before scott ran , or why he ran . the officer initially said that he used a taser on scott , who , slager said , tried to take the weapon . before slager opens fire , the video shows a dark object falling behind scott and hitting the ground . it 's unclear whether that is the taser . later in the video , when slager approaches scott 's body , slager appears to drop a dark object near scott . slager is seen in the video handcuffing scott after the shooting . witness : i nearly erased shooting video out of fear . feidin santana , the witness who recorded the video , said he did n't see scott grab slager 's taser . his account contradicts what slager told dispatchers . in two interviews with nbc , santana said that he was walking to his job in north charleston on saturday morning when he saw slager chase scott , who had been pulled over for a broken taillight . santana told nbc 's lester holt on wednesday that he saw the two men struggling on the ground . `` they were down on the ( ground ) ... before i started recording , '' santana said . `` i remember the police ( officer ) had control of the situation . he had control of scott . '' santana said he heard the sound of a taser being used . he believed scott was trying to get away from it . but scott never got the taser or used it on the officer , santana told nbc . who was walter scott ? a north charleston police report included brief statements from eight police officers , but not slager . one officer , identified as sgt . j. gann , said in the report he was conducting a separate traffic stop about 9:30 a.m. saturday when he heard -- apparently via radio -- slager say he was `` in foot pursuit '' of another motorist . gann said that while driving to the officer 's location , `` slager advised that he deployed his taser and ( requested ) back up units . '' seconds later , gann reported , he heard slager tell a dispatcher , `` shots fired and the subject is down . he took my taser . '' hours after the shooting , the post and courier of charleston quoted a statement from police spokesman spencer pryor , who said slager attempted to use his taser to stop a fleeing suspect . the men struggled over the device , with the suspect taking the taser and attempting to use it against slager , the newspaper reported . in the police report , another officer , j. banias , said he was heading to the scene about 10 minutes after the initial call . slager asked him to `` secure his vehicle at the site of the traffic stop . '' banias said he spoke to a passenger in the car scott was driving . `` the passenger was ... detained and placed in the back seat of my vehicle , '' the officer reported . the passenger 's identity was not given in the report , but the officer said in the report that the passenger was detained . scott family spokesman ryan julison confirmed to cnn that a man was with scott and said he is not related to the family . the family declined to provide any more information . a timeline of events . the north charleston police department is not providing additional information , citing an ongoing investigation of scott 's killing by the independent south carolina law enforcement division . gann said when he arrived at the shooting scene , an officer identified only as habersham `` was administering first aid '' to scott . `` i exited my vehicle and assisted officer habersham with first aid and cpr to the driver , '' gann said in the report . `` we continued to perform first aid and cpr until ems arrived ... when ems and first responders arrived , ems took care over providing care to the driver , who was pronounced deceased a short time later . '' habersham , in his account , did not mention performing cpr . `` i attempted to render aid to the victim by applying pressure to the gunshot wounds and ( directing ) the best route for ems and fire to get to the victim faster , '' he said in the report . an officer identified as sgt . webb said that he requested an ambulance . webb said that at 9:41 a.m. he saw habersham `` administering chest compression to the defendant . '' north charleston police chief eddie driggers was asked at a news conference this week whether cpr was performed on scott . `` i do not know . i was told that life-saving ... that they tried to save his life , '' driggers said . north charleston mayor keith summey added that not every north charleston police officer is cpr certified . what we know about officer slager .