sanaa , yemen ( cnn ) as soon as the buses parked , the people scrambled onto the airport tarmac . they carried duffel bags , plastic bags full of clothes and small suitcases . they 'd already abandoned larger bags in a mound . only carry-on luggage was allowed on this air india plane . the passengers were mostly indian nationals , plus yemenis and people from other countries who had been working in yemen 's capital , sanaa . they sprinted or walked with deliberation to the airplanes . the stress of living in a war zone showed on the passengers ' faces . nobody wanted to be left behind . they climbed the steps to the airliner and were greeted by the air india crew , all wearing pressed uniforms , the flight attendants fully made up . after takeoff , the flight attendants went up and down the aisle offering drinks to the 188 evacuees as if they were on a vacation flight . but some passengers were already fast asleep , exhausted by the push to get out of yemen , site of some of the most chaotic fighting in the mideast . this scene has been repeated in recent days as countries work to get their citizens out of sanaa during a small window when saudi planes are not bombing the city in an attempt to drive out the houthis , a shiite group that has taken over the capital . air india is especially active because so many indian nationals work in other nations . over the last few days , india has evacuated some 2,500 people from yemen , said gen. vijay kumar singh , the indian deputy foreign minister who 's overseeing the evacuation . the flights are going to djibouti , the small african nation nearly 430 kilometers ( 267 miles ) away . some evacuees are fleeing on boats at port cities such as aden . people are leaving behind much more than luggage . damodar thakur , a professor at sanaa university , lived in the capital 34 years and built a life there . he loved living in yemen . `` i never felt like a foreigner , '' he said . like the others , he was exhausted and jangled by the shelling and lack of electricity for long stretches . `` at night , my goodness ! '' he said . `` gunshots being fired every minute . sometimes the sky full of sparkling lights . some women crying , children terrified . really bad . '' the houthi rebels control sanaa , including the airport . but the saudis are bombing the city and thus control air access in a way , so getting people out requires coordination . the saudi air force gave air india a four-hour window to go to and from sanaa and a specific travel route for a safe landing . as the plane approached the city , the crew could see the scars of the fighting . there were no cars on the roads . dozens of buildings were destroyed . at the airport , the landing strips and airport terminal were untouched by saudi bombs , but buildings on the outskirts of the airport and planes along the airstrip had been blown to bits . the loading of passengers was swift . they approached the planes carrying boarding passes -- another touch of normalcy in the otherwise abnormal event . they did n't pay for the flight , though they had to purchase exit visas from the houthis . children sat on their parents ' laps to maximize the number of people on the plane . some passengers fell asleep as soon as they took their seats before takeoff . everyone seemed to carry the weight of war , especially nurses who had tended the wounded . from djibouti , the evacuees will most likely disperse to their home nations . `` now i can only pray for yemen and those we left behind , '' thakur said .