atlanta ( cnn ) a judge , declaring he was n't `` comfortable '' with seven-year prison terms given earlier to three educators in the atlanta public schools cheating scandal , on thursday reduced their sentences to three years in prison . `` i 'm not comfortable with it , '' fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter said of the sentences he handed down to the three defendants april 14 . `` when a judge goes home and he keeps thinking over and over that something 's wrong , something is usually wrong . '' tamara cotman , sharon davis-williams and michael pitts also were ordered thursday to serve seven years on probation , pay $ 10,000 fines and work 2,000 hours in community service . baxter had come under fire from some community leaders for giving prison sentences to eight teachers and administrators who stood trial and were convicted of racketeering . they 'd been accused of taking part in an effort to raise tests scores at struggling schools by erasing wrong answers and putting in correct answers . outside of court , benjamin davis , the lawyer for cotman , questioned the judge 's rationale in handing down heavy sentences a few weeks ago . `` i had never seen a judge conduct himself in that way , '' he said . `` what was going on with judge baxter ? '' davis-williams said she was pleased judge baxter changed his mind . her attorney , teresa mann , added , `` we are happy . we are elated that judge baxter took the opportunity to reflect . '' cotman , davis-williams and pitts , all school reform team executive directors , got the harshest sentences during an april 14 hearing : seven years in prison , 13 years of probation and $ 25,000 fines . baxter said of his change of mind : `` i 'm going to put myself out to pasture in the not-too-distant future and i want to be out in the pasture without any regrets . '' during the earlier sentencing hearing , baxter was frustrated when defendants did n't admit their guilt . `` everybody knew cheating was going on and your client promoted it , '' baxter said to an attorney representing davis-williams . at one point he said , `` these stories are incredible . these kids ca n't read . '' at a press conference held april 17 , most of the convicted educators insisted they were innocent . `` i did n't cheat . i 'm not a racketeer , '' said diane buckner-webb , a former elementary teacher . all defendants sentenced to prison have appealed and are out on bond . the lower prison sentences given to other defendants -- ranging from one to two years -- have not been reduced . prosecutors said the cheating is believed to date back to 2001 , when scores on statewide aptitude tests improved greatly , according to a 2013 indictment . the indictment also states that for at least four years , between 2005 and 2009 , test answers were altered , fabricated or falsely certified . michael bowers , a former georgia attorney general who investigated the cheating scandal , said in 2013 that there were `` cheating parties , '' erasures in and out of classrooms , and teachers were told to make changes to student answers on tests . bowers said he heard that educators cheated out of pride , to earn bonuses , to enhance their careers or to keep their jobs . of 35 atlanta educators indicted in 2013 , more than 20 took a plea deal . twelve educators went on trial six months ago , with 11 convicted and one acquitted on april 1 . of the 11 convicted , two took a deal in which they admitted guilt , waived their right to appeal and received much lighter sentences . one defendant was giving birth during the sentencing phase not been sentenced . on thursday , baxter urged the defendants to engage in community service while they 're appealing . he said that might lighten the punishment if the convictions are upheld . the judge said he was tired of dealing with the atlanta public schools cheating scandal , which he referred to as `` this mess . '' `` i 'm ready to move on . so , anyway , adios , '' baxter said , and ended the hearing .