( cnn ) how would you get your nation 's president to hear you out ? put your name and number on a mango and hit him in the head with it ? no ? then you 're not marleni olivo , who did exactly that , and in return is getting the new apartment she was asking for , said venezuelan president nicolas maduro . olivo , 54 , saw her opportunity when maduro visited anzoategui , the state where she lives . maduro , a former bus driver , drove a bus to a rally wednesday where he was meeting with supporters . the president had the window open , the better to greet people attending the rally . olivo had written a message on a mango -- `` if you can , call me , '' -- along with her name and phone number . she got as close as she could and , as the bus passed , she tossed the fruit at maduro . in a video that has gone viral in venezuela , maduro is shown lowering his head when he is hit , just above the left ear . he then calmly picks up the mango and holds it up to the crowd . later in the evening , the president mentioned the incident in one of his customary live tv broadcasts and displayed the infamous mango as proof . `` marleni olivo , '' maduro said . `` we 're going to invite her to my [ tv and radio ] show , ' in touch with maduro . ' she had a housing problem , right ? and , marleni , i have approved it already , as part of the great housing mission of venezuela , you will get an apartment and it will be given to you in the next few hours . tomorrow , no later than the day after tomorrow , we will give it to you . '' maduro also joked that he had something in common with the mango . the word `` maduro '' in spanish means ripe . olivo told local media her intention was to toss the president a note , as others in the crowd were doing . `` i did n't have paper available at that moment , '' she told el pitazo tv . `` what i had was a mango that i was about to eat because i was hungry . '' maduro 's critics are calling the incident a `` manguicidio , '' a play on the words `` mango '' and `` magnicidio , '' a spanish word meaning assassination of a powerful leader . in venezuela 's extremely polarized political climate , maduro frequently talks about his belief that the opposition is conspiring to target him for assassination . but the mango-thrower says she had no evil intent . `` my dream is to own a home before i die , '' she told el pitazo tv , adding that she had been very ill recently , that she suffers from diabetes and hypertension . and now her dream is about come true , a dream that would not have been possible without her boldness and a little help from a tasty mango .