( cnn ) when hong kong police answered a call in the early hours of a saturday morning last november , they encountered a grisly scene and an alleged crime that shocked the city . one woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks . another was stuffed inside a suitcase on the balcony . a former banker , 29-year-old briton rurik jutting , was charged with two counts of murder . on thursday , a court hearing that was to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until may . here 's what we know so far about the victims and their alleged attacker . jutting allegedly lived at the murder scene , an upmarket apartment in the middle of wan chai , an inner-city suburb that 's home to an eclectic mix of late-night bars , residential tower blocks and local markets selling groceries and assorted cheap goods . in the early hours of saturday morning , november 1 , police say jutting called them to the apartment . there they found a woman lying on the blood-splattered floor , later identified as 29-year-old seneng mujiasih . during a search of the apartment , officers uncovered another body hidden in a suitcase on the balcony . it 's alleged 25-year-old sumarti ningsih was killed on october 27 , five days before her body was found . sumarti ningsih was from cilacap , in central java , and was the mother of a five-year-old girl . in a statement , her cousin , jumiati , described her as `` just an ordinary woman from indonesia '' who , like many others , was `` forced to work abroad to feed her poor family and make her dream comes ( sic ) true . '' `` she wanted to work as professional so she can earn money and dignity for her family , '' jumiati wrote . `` she is good girl and did not deserve this treatment . '' according to the asian migrant coordinating body , ningsih was visiting hong kong as a tourist and had been due to fly back to jakarta the day after her body was found . last year , her grieving father , ahmad khaliman , told agence france-presse that his daughter had worked in hong kong as a domestic helper between 2011 and 2013 . she 'd since returned on two occasions , khaliman said . he said the family had been shocked by her murder , and called for the perpetrator to be executed . `` if not , i can not accept it . he has already taken my daughter 's life , so he has to pay with his life , '' he told cnn affiliate trans7 . seneng mujiasih had more recently worked as a domestic worker in hong kong but had overstayed her visa , according to the asian migrant co-ordinating body . also known as jesse lorena , mujiasih was from the city of muna in sulawesi province , in southeast indonesia . other than that , few details are known about her life and why she stayed on in hong kong . after news of their death spread , fellow domestic workers held a vigil in hong kong 's victoria park . around 200 people gathered to sing and pray , and lay flowers besides photos of the two women . the victims ' bodies were buried after being repatriated to indonesia in november . before being taken into custody , rurik jutting lived in the upmarket j residence in wan chai . he was detained at the scene , where police found the bodies of two women and seized a knife during a search of the premises . it 's unclear when jutting left his job as a trader at the bank of america merrill lynch ; a boa spokesman would only confirm that a man of the same name had worked there in the past . jutting 's profile on linkedin said he haad been employed at the bank 's structured equity finance and trading division in hong kong since july 2013 . before that , he worked in the same unit in london for three years . according to the profile , jutting previously worked in capital markets for the british bank barclays and studied history and law at the prestigious university of cambridge , between 2004 and 2008 . as part of the trial process , tests were conducted to determined if jutting was psychologically fit to enter a plea . he was . the case was then adjourned to allow for more than 200 pieces of forensic and dna evidence to be analyzed .