( cnn ) the listeria outbreak that prompted blue bell creameries to recall their entire product line dates to 2010 , according to the centers for disease control . after weeks of gradual recalls , the company recalled all its ice cream , frozen yogurt , sherbet and other frozen treats sold in 23 states because they could be contaminated with listeria monocytogenes , the company said monday . the bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , the elderly and others with weak immune systems . the cdc recommends consumers do not eat any blue bell brand products . three people in kansas have died in the past year and 10 people in four states have fallen ill from the bacteria believed to have come from blue bell products , the cdc said tuesday . one person became sick in arizona , five in kansas , one in oklahoma and three in texas , the cdc said . people first became sick in january 2010 , the cdc said . the agency connected patients from 2010-2015 to the current outbreak through comparisons to a database of bacteria dna . the origin of the strain is still unknown , but `` the fact that it was the same strain over the last five years suggests it could have lurked somewhere in the factory the whole time , '' said dr. robert tauxe , deputy director of the cdc division of foodborne , waterborne and environmental diseases . tauxe said there may be more people sickened by listeria than the cdc knows about . the `` rough estimate '' is one more case exists for every case the cdc hears about , he said . `` there may be cases that never got diagnosed and we are looking at the patterns , the dna patterns , to guide us to which cases might be related , '' he said . `` if tomorrow someone found another completely different pattern from ( blue bell ) ice cream products , we 'd be looking to see if there were related cases to that as well . '' tauxe said the listeria strains found in texas are different than those found in oklahoma . `` it looks to us like there was one group of closely related strains related to ice cream from one factory and another different group related to a different factory , '' tauxe said . `` we do n't think something contaminated both factories . '' blue bell decided to yank all its products after tests showed some half-gallon containers of chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream contained listeria . `` this means blue bell has now had several positive tests for listeria in different places and plants , '' the company said in a written statement . `` at this point , we can not say with certainty how listeria was introduced to our facilities , and so we have taken this unprecedented step , '' the company said . listeria : what is it , how do you get it , and what 's the risk ? listeria did n't get into ice cream through the milk because blue bell uses pasteurized milk , caroline smith dewaal , director of food safety for center for science in the public interest , told cnn on tuesday . but listeria could have been carried on foods like nuts that go into ice cream , she said . it can live for years on surfaces such as drains or pipes . `` listeria can lay in a drain for years , '' she said . `` to get rid of it they 'd have to take the equipment apart and clean it . it 's a big job to control listeria in a plant . '' tauxe said , `` within the factories it can get around and may have hung out and appeared in more than one place in the factory . ... the persistence of listeria inside the factory is what 's important to address . '' dewaal said the listeria probably was n't linked to blue bell in 2010 because one case would n't spark a full investigation . other culprits , such as cheeses and deli meats , would be considered before ice cream products , because listeria ca n't grow in frozen temperatures , she said . `` ice cream would n't have been one of the suspect foods in investigating those earlier cases , '' she said . the kansas department of health and environment said three people in the state died from listeria there over the past year , possibly due to blue bell products . all five of the people who got sick in kansas were patients being treated at the same hospital for unrelated causes , state health officials said . four of them drank milkshakes at the hospital made with blue bell ice cream , the centers for disease control and prevention said . it 's not clear whether the fifth patient at the kansas hospital had also consumed blue bell ice cream . in a separate outbreak in texas , three patients were infected with listeria between 2011 and 2014 . tests of those listeria strains `` were nearly identical to listeria strains isolated from ice cream produced at the blue bell creameries ' oklahoma facility , '' the cdc said . in march , blue bell recalled 3-ounce cups of chocolate , vanilla and strawberry ice cream after a test found listeria in one of the cups in kansas . earlier this month , the recall expanded to some pints and half-gallon sizes of ice cream . this recall is not only affecting big chain grocery stores . one small ice cream shop in texas has temporarily closed due to the recall . john hayes , owner of waffle cone in copperas cove , texas , said he exclusively uses blue bell . he received a phone call monday night from blue bell letting him know a local driver will be picking up his 190-200 gallons of recalled ice cream this week . `` it is the third recall in the last month , '' said hayes . `` i was upset , but more disappointed . '' the shop owner has dealt with a shortage in flavors before , but nothing of his severity . `` it will be at least three , maybe four weeks for blue bell to replace the order , '' he said . listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , frail or elderly people and others with weakened immune systems , the food and drug administration says . in the united states , an estimated 1,600 people become seriously ill with listeria each year ; about 16 % of these cases result in death . although some people might suffer only short-term symptoms such as high fever , severe headache , nausea , abdominal pain and diarrhea , listeria can also cause miscarriages and stillbirths . blue bell ceo and president paul kruse promised to make sure all products are safe before they go back on sale . `` we 're committed to doing the 100 percent right thing , and the best way to do that is to take all of our products off the market until we can be confident that they are all safe , '' kruse said in a statement on the company 's website . `` we are heartbroken about this situation and apologize to all of our loyal blue bell fans and customers . '' blue bell said its new safety measures will include more extensive cleaning and sanitizing of equipment ; increasing the swabbing and testing of facility surfaces by 800 % ; providing more employee training ; and sending samples to a lab for testing every day . cnn 's elizabeth cohen , debra goldschmidt , amanda jackson , catherine e. shoichet , ben brumfield and jeremy grisham contributed to this report .