( cnn ) giovanni lo porto put himself in harm 's way to help , heading to pakistan to work on a much needed reconstruction project following deadly flooding there . his work and his life , as he knew it then , came to a halt on january 19 , 2012 . that 's when , according to italy 's state-run ansa news agency , four armed men burst into the building where lo porto lived and abducted him along with colleague bernd muehlenbeck . two years later , lo porto was dead -- killed accidentally by a u.s. drone strike , according to american authorities . the native of the sicilian city of palermo died along with a fellow al qaeda hostage , american warren weinstein . that same counterterrorism operation in a border region of afghanistan and pakistan killed at least one al qaeda leader , ahmed farouq , who was also a u.s. citizen . his family members , including his four brothers , called him giancarlo . lo porto grew up in sicily and then studied at london metropolitan university , getting his undergraduate degree there in peace and conflict studies in 2010 , according to the school . a professor there remembers him as `` passionate , friendly ( and ) open-minded , '' according to an ansa report . and the university , in a statement , described him as `` a popular student who was committed to helping others . '' `` we are tremendously proud of him and the humanitarian work he did , '' the school said . at the time he was taken captive , lo porto worked with the german aid organization welthungerlife , a 53-year-old group dedicated to fighting hunger and poverty worldwide . such work means going to places where the need is most -- places like multan in pakistan . that community was one of many in pakistan devastated by major flooding in 2010 , which covered about one-fifth of the country and left more than 1,500 people dead . these conditions are all too common in the south asian nation , as evidenced by flooding one year later that forced upwards of 660,000 into refugee camps and killed more than 430 people , about a quarter of whom were children . `` he told me , ' i 'm pleased to have returned to asia and pakistan , i love the people , culture and food in this part of the world , ' `` said the london metropolitan university professor . specifically , lo porto was a project manager with welthungerlife 's clean water and sanitation program , working with 8 to 10 fellow international staffers and 100 to 200 locals starting in october 2011 , according to simone pott , a spokeswoman for the aid group . pott described lo porto as a lively , very positive man who made friends all over the world . some of those friends in italy , england and beyond pressed for lo porto 's release after he was taken captive , urging italy 's government and newspaper editors to get his story out , ansa reported . the same story said that al qaeda ( after first claiming he was being held ) denied abducting lo porto , as did the pakistani taliban . muehlenbeck , a german national , was freed last october , at which time he said that he and his colleague had been separated , according to ansa . but lo porto never got the chance to savor freedom again , like his german counterpart . italian foreign minister paolo gentiloni said his country 's government `` carried out every effort possible to trace and try to return giovanni to his loved ones . '' `` unfortunately , the conclusion is now different ( than we wanted ) because of the tragic and fatal mistake of our american allies , which has been recognized by president obama , '' gentiloni said . `` the responsibility of his death and ( that ) of warren weinstein ... is that of the terrorists . '' on thursday , after the u.s. government reported lo porto 's death , italian prime minister matteo renzi expressed his `` deepest sorrow for the death of an italian who dedicated his life to the service of others . '' lo porto 's death left those at his former charity welthungerlife speechless and confused , pott said . and then there are his family members like his mother , who ansa reports became `` another person '' after her son 's kidnapping . `` her only hope was to embrace giovanni , '' a neighbor said . cnn 's hadia messia contributed to this report .