havana , cuba ( cnn ) all eyes are going to be on the new kid finally allowed to play and the big kid who for so long wanted nothing to do with him -- cuba and the united states in the same diplomatic playground . cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by marshaling the support of other regional countries to insist on their attendance at the summit of the americas . and for the first time since 1962 , the u.s. has not blocked cuba 's attempt to join . now it 's time to see how they play and who they play with -- especially venezuela , which often falls out with washington for crushing dissent at home and supplying havana with billions of dollars in oil . cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in panama , arriving with more than 100 government officials , diplomats , small business people and artists . but cuba 's attempts to rebrand itself as an open , diverse society stumbled wednesday when government supporters and anti-castro supporters brawled in the streets of panama . video of the incident showed cuban government officials exchanging punches and insults with dissidents until panamanian police in riot gear broke up the melee . with the historic thawing in relations between the u.s. and cuba , washington now has urgent business to discuss with havana . `` we have really big issues with the cubans that do need to be solved , '' said ambassador vicki huddleston , who served as the chief of the u.s . interests section in havana . she added `` the cubans are typical of their negotiating style . you think it 's going to be easy because we have said ' we are going to have good relations with you ' and they say , ' that 's not exciting for us and it is for you . ' so they are hard negotiators as they always have been . '' the forum could provide the opportunity to push forward an agreement to re-establish formal relations and re-open embassies after nearly four months of negotiations . while president barack obama is not scheduled to meet cuban leader raul castro , u.s. officials said there will be opportunities for `` interaction '' between the two leaders . the first time the two heads of state met was in 2013 at nelson mandela 's funeral . their brief handshake captured the world 's attention and lit up social media . few people then knew that the two countries were secretly involved in negotiations to thaw five decades of deadlocked cold war-era relations . obama had said he had hoped a u.s. embassy would reopen in havana before the summit , but cuban officials have said they can not imagine a full restoration of diplomatic ties until cuba is removed from the u.s. state department list of countries that support terrorism . `` it would be difficult to explain that diplomatic relations have been resumed while cuba has been unjustly listed as a state sponsor of international terrorism , '' said josefina vidal , the general director of u.s. affairs at the cuban foreign ministry and lead negotiator in the talks . cuba was added to the list in 1982 , which includes syria , iran and sudan . the designation carries financial sanctions which cuban officials say further damages their already ailing economy . the state department has sent a recommendation to the white house that cuba be removed , paving the way for the white house to announce its intent to de-list cuba as early as this week , two administration officials told cnn . removal from the list `` does not relate to whether or not we agree with everything a country does or whether we agree with its political system , or its foreign policy , '' deputy national security adviser ben rhodes said on a conference call with reporters tuesday . `` it 's a very practical review as to whether or not a government is sponsoring terrorism . '' rhodes also dialed backed rhetoric on venezuela , saying the country did not pose a national security threat to the united states , despite a recent declaration to that effect . the designation was meant to allow officials to target seven allegedly corrupt venezuelan officials , but it ignited a firestorm , particularly in cuba , which has close ties to venezuela . deceased venezuelan president hugo chavez was a friend and admirer of former cuban leader fidel castro . chavez 's successor nicolas maduro continues to send cuba tens of thousands of barrels of oil each day , despite his country 's own economic turmoil . in exchange , cuba sends doctors , military advisers and sports trainers to venezuela . in cuba 's state-run media , criticism of u.s. policy towards venezuela has overshadowed the improvement in u.s.-cuba relations . in march , fidel castro published a letter criticizing the u.s. ' `` brutal plans towards '' venezuela and the cuban government promised `` unconditional aid '' to help defend against american threats . its remains to be seen how much cuba will risk its warming relations with the united states to back up ally venezuela . but apparently there is little doubt among the cuban people on what their government should do . a poll of 1,200 cubans released on wednesday found that 97 % of the people surveyed by miami-based polling firm bendixen & amandi on behalf of the washington post and univision noticias/fusion supported improved u.s.-cuban relations .