( cnn ) criminal justice reform is rapidly becoming one of the few bipartisan issues of our time . it 's about time . america has the highest incarceration rate in the world , with 5 % of the world 's population and 25 % of its prisoners . nearly 2½ million americans are in prison . over 65 million people , or 20 % of the country , have criminal records . most disturbingly , nearly 40 % of our country 's prisoners are african-americans , who only make up 13 % of the general population . it 's time for policymakers to address this criminal justice crisis head on . we must change the dismal status quo . we must start by asking a simple question : why are so many americans criminals ? look no further than washington , which has spent the past century devising the most complicated — and nonsensical — criminal code known to man . the federal criminal code includes over 4,500 laws and counting , not to mention government regulations for which there are criminal penalties . the list of federal crimes is so long , so broad and so vague that you and i likely commit three felonies every day , unwittingly breaking numerous federal laws as we go about our daily business . no wonder america 's prison population is out of control . americans are n't addicted to crime ; our politicians are addicted to criminalizing things . sadly , the criminalization of americans also traps them in poverty . according to the pew charitable trusts , incarceration leads to reduced wages ( 11 % drop ) , employment ( nine weeks lost annually ) , and earnings overall ( 40 % annually ) . making matters worse , over half of new prisoners are at or below the poverty line and three-quarters of former prisoners are sent back to jail within five years of their release . the deck is stacked against my generation in particular . young adults are 10 % of the population yet comprise 29 % of the country 's arrests . young african-americans are particularly at risk : they 're 15 times more likely to be in prison than whites . no wonder 18-to-29-year-olds have the lowest level of trust of any age group that our justice system treats everyone equally . thankfully , there is a bipartisan consensus in washington that something needs to be done , and fast . on the left , civil rights groups and their allies in congress have been demanding that the criminal system be fixed for years . on the right , politicians from paul ryan to rand paul are now recommending the same thing . if politicians are serious , they should consider three specific areas for reform . 1 . reduce punishment for nonviolent crimes . politicians should consider reducing nonviolent offenses from felonies to misdemeanors , and end mandatory sentencing for nonviolent crimes . the federal government 's unsuccessful war on drugs has led to unfair punishments for nonviolent drug offenders who made youthful mistakes . while some policies may have made sense in the 1980s and '90s , they now do more harm than good . those involved in the buying and selling of small amounts of drugs should n't be subjected to years or decades in prison for their crimes . and more generally , judges should be free to tailor their rulings to the specific facts and details of the case -- and the person standing before them . 2 . rebuild respect between communities and police . one-size-fits-all mandates and decrees from washington -- from drug laws to civil asset forfeiture to no-knock warrants — create divisions between local law enforcement and the local communities they serve . practices , policies and programs that create unnecessary distrust and unease should be eliminated . it 's the same for police militarization , which has occurred in large part because washington has supplied local agencies with weapons and tools that are inappropriate for use in local communities . letting local communities set their own law enforcement policies will go a long way toward restoring the trust that right now seems almost nonexistent . 3 . give ex-nonviolent offenders a second chance . too many reformed convicts return to jail because they face insurmountable barriers that keep them from living a normal life . legislators can begin fixing this by encouraging greater record-sealing and expungement for youthful , non violent offenders , thereby giving people who made mistakes a greater chance of finding work and rejoining society . reducing licensing barriers and restoring voting rights for those with criminal backgrounds should also be considered . this list is only a starting point , yet our elected officials could — and should — quickly and easily take it up . in our era of hyperpartisanship , we should focus on those few things on which americans agree . fixing our country 's broken criminal justice system should be at the top of the list .