( cnn ) remains of up to nearly 400 unaccounted for service members tied to the uss oklahoma at pearl harbor will be exhumed this year , the defense department announced tuesday . the hope is that most of the battleship 's sailors and marines can be identified . `` the secretary of defense and i will work tirelessly to ensure your loved one 's remains will be recovered , identified , and returned to you as expeditiously as possible , and we will do so with dignity , respect and care , '' deputy secretary of defense bob work said in a statement . `` while not all families will receive an individual identification , we will strive to provide resolution to as many families as possible . '' the uss oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on december 7 , 1941 , during the japanese attack on pearl harbor . a total of 429 sailors and marines on the ship were killed . thirty-five crew members were positively identified and buried in the years immediately after the attack , according to the defense department . by 1950 , all unidentified remains were laid to rest as unknowns at the national memorial cemetery of the pacific . in 2003 , five more service members were identified , with the help of historical evidence from pearl harbor survivor ray emory , 93 . emory , a native of peoria , illinois , was serving as a seaman first class on the light cruiser uss honolulu that fateful day . after the war , emory worked in washington state before moving to hawaii about 30 years ago . the retiree made it his mission to ensure graves are properly identified . `` it 's something i looked forward to for a long time , '' he told cnn about tuesday 's announcement . speaking by phone from honolulu , emory said that proper identification means a lot to the families of those who lost loved ones -- and to him . next of kin were being notified starting tuesday . service members who are identified will be returned to their families for burial , with full military honors . wwii pilot , 99 , reunited with historic c-47 plane . cnn 's phil gast contributed to this report .