( cnn ) for 12 years adelma cifuentes felt worthless , frightened and alone , never knowing when her abusive husband would strike . but as a young mother in rural guatemala with three children and barely a third grade education , she thought there was no way out . what began as psychological torment , name-calling and humiliation turned into beatings so severe cifuentes feared for her life . one day , two men sent by her husband showed up at her house armed with a shotgun and orders to kill her . they probably would have succeeded , but after the first bullet was fired , cifuentes ' two sons dragged her inside . still , in her deeply conservative community , it took neighbors two hours to call for help and cifuentes lost her arm . but the abuse did n't stop there . when she returned home , cifuentes ' husband continued his attacks and threatened to rape their little girl unless she left . that 's when the nightmare finally ended and her search for justice began . cifuentes ' case is dramatic , but in guatemala , where nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed , it 's hardly unusual . a 2012 small arms survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in guatemala and the country ranks third in the killings of women worldwide . according to the united nations , two women are killed there every day . there are many reasons why , beginning with the legacy of violence left in place after the country 's 36-year-old civil war . during the conflict , atrocities were committed against women , who were used as a weapon of war . in 1996 , a ceasefire agreement was reached between insurgents and the government . but what followed and what remains is a climate of terror , due to a deeply entrenched culture of impunity and discrimination . military and paramilitary groups that committed barbaric acts during the war were integrated back into society without any repercussions . many remain in power , and they have not changed the way they view women . some 200,000 people were either killed or disappeared during the decades-long conflict , most of them from indigenous mayan populations . nearly 20 years later , according to the security sector reform resource centre , levels of violent crime are higher in guatemala than they were during the war . but despite the high homicide rate , the united nations estimates 98 % of cases never make it to court . women are particularly vulnerable because of a deep-rooted gender bias and culture of misogyny . in many cases , femicide -- the killing of a woman simply because of her gender -- is carried out with shocking brutality with some of the same strategies used during the war , including rape , torture and mutilation . mexican drug cartels , organized criminal groups and local gangs are contributing to the vicious cycle of violence and lawlessness . authorities investigating drug-related killings are stretched thin , leaving fewer resources to investigate femicides . in many cases , crime is not reported because of fear of retaliation . many consider the guatamalen national civil police , or pnc , corrupt , under-resourced and ineffective . even if a case does get prosecuted , according to human rights watch , the country 's weak judicial system has proved incapable of handling the explosion in violence . perhaps one of the biggest challenges facing women in guatemala is the country 's deeply rooted patriarchal society . according to maría machicado terán , the representative of u.n. women in guatemala , `` 80 % of men believe that women need permission to leave the house , and 70 % of women surveyed agreed . '' this prevailing culture of machismo and an institutionalized acceptance of brutality against women leads to high rates of violence . rights groups say machismo not only condones violence , it places the blame on the victim . the political will to address violence against women is slow to materialize . `` politicians do n't think women are important , '' says former secretary general of the presidential secretariat for women elizabeth quiroa . `` political parties use women for elections . they give them a bag of food and people sell their dignity for this because they are poor . '' lack of education is a major contributor to this poverty . many girls , especially in indigenous communities do n't go to school because the distance from their house to the classroom is too far . quiroa says `` they are subject to rape , violence and forced participation in the drug trade . '' although the situation for girls and women in guatemala is alarming , there are signs the culture of discrimination may be slowly changing . with the help of an organization known as cicam , or centro de investigación , cifuentes was finally able to escape her husband and get the justice she deserved . he is now spending 27 years behind bars . cifuentes is using her painful past to provide hope and healing to others through art . since 2008 , she and four other abuse survivors known as la poderosas , or `` the powerful , '' have been appearing in a play based on their real life stories . the show not only empowers other women and discusses the problem of violence openly , but it also offers suggestions for change . and it 's having an impact . women have started breaking their silence and asking where they can get support . men are reacting , too . one of the main characters , lesbia téllez , says during one presentation , a man stood up and started crying when he realized how he had treated his wife and how his mother had been treated . he said he wanted to be different . the taboo topic of gender-based violence is also being acknowledged and recognized in a popular program targeting one of guatemala 's most vulnerable groups , indigenous mayan girls . in 2004 , with help from the united nations and other organizations , the population council launched a community-based club known as abriendo oportunidades , or `` opening opportunities '' . the goal is to provide girls with a safe place to learn about their rights and reach their full potential . senior program coordinator alejandra colom says the issue of violence is discussed and girls are taught how to protect themselves . `` they then share this information with their mothers and for the first time , they realize they are entitled to certain rights . '' colom adds that mothers then become invested in sending their daughters to the clubs and this keeps them more visible and less prone to violence . the guatemalan government is also moving in the right direction to address the problem of violence against women . in 2008 , the congress passed a law against femicide . two years later the attorney general 's office created a specialized court to try femicides and other violent crimes against women . in 2012 , the government established a joint task force for crimes against women , making it easier for women to access justice by making sure victims receive the assistance they need . the government has also established a special 24-hour court to attend to femicide cases . on the global front , the international violence against women act was introduced in the u.s. congress in 2007 ; it has been pending ever since . but last week the act was reintroduced in both the house and senate . if approved , it would make reducing levels of gender-based violence a u.s. foreign policy priority . pehaps the most immediate and effective help is coming from international nongovernmental organizations , which are on the front lines of the fight against gender-based discrimination in guatemala . ben weingrod , a senior policy advocate at the global poverty fighting group care , says , `` we work to identify and challenge harmful social norms that perpetuate violence . our work includes engaging men and boys as champions of change and role models , and facilitating debates to change harmful norms and create space for more equitable relationships between men and women . '' but the job is far from over . while there is tempered optimism and hope for change , the problem of gender-based violence in guatemala is one that needs international attention and immediate action . cifuentes is finding strength through the theater and the support of other abuse survivors , which has allowed her to move forward . but millions of other women trapped in a cycle of violence are facing dangerous and frightening futures . for them , it 's a race against time and help can not come soon enough .