( cnn ) is there anything laser ca n't do ? from cutting diamonds to preserving endangered sites , all the way to building terrifying weapons and turning your eyes from brown to blue , there is apparently no end to the list of applications for laser . swiss physicist jean-pierre wolf is working on yet another impressive addition to that list : using focused laser beams to affect the weather . it sounds like black magic , but it 's actually a cleaner version of cloud seeding , a form of weather modification that has been used for several years -- most famously by china in preparation for the 2008 olympics , when they launched rockets to seed the clouds and prevent rainfall during the opening ceremony . but it 's hard to tell how effective cloud seeding actually is , and it involves the spraying of chemicals into the atmosphere , something which it surely does n't need . laser is therefore a completely clean alternative to traditional cloud seeding : it 's light , and nothing but light . how does laser actually affect the weather ? just like cloud seeding , it can create new clouds where there are none , by inducing condensation : naturally occurring water vapor is condensed into droplets , and ice crystals form , mimicking the natural process that creates clouds . that way , rainfall can be triggered to `` empty '' the atmosphere and increase the potential of dry weather later on : `` we did it on a laboratory scale , we can already create clouds , but not on a macroscopic scale , so you do n't see a big cloud coming out because the laser is not powerful enough and because of a lot of technical parameters that we ca n't yet control , '' professor wolf told cnn 's nick glass . that is not to say that the laser he 's tested is n't powerful : at one terawatt , it has the same energy produced by all the nuclear power plants on earth : `` of course , it does n't last very long , '' wolf said . the technology is still in its infancy then , but once it 's perfected , it could help us modulate the weather in areas of high contrast , such as california or chile , where flooding and droughts occur in extreme vicinity . through lasers , those effects could be smoothed to have less rain in flooding-prone areas and more rain in drought-prone areas : `` you can transport the water to a different location , '' wolf said . laser seeding can make more than clouds : it can also trigger lightning . `` we also showed that it 's possible to trigger lightning in clouds , within clouds , but not to the ground , yet . '' recent tests have shown promise : `` a few years ago , in new mexico , we moved our big mobile terawatt laser to the top of a mountain and we shot it up into the atmosphere , trying to trigger lightning . we did n't , but we could see some small discharge , lightning , within the cloud . you know , 90 per cent of the lightning discharge are intra-cloud , not against the earth . so , we are still working on that , but there is hope . '' controlling lightning , or facilitating its discharge in a desired location , would help reduce the costs associated with lightning damage -- they run into the billions of dollars each year , adding to thousands of people injured or killed by lightning strikes . affecting the weather could also turn out to be one of our best bets at limiting the impact of climate change . professor wolf reckons lasers could be used to `` repair '' the weather , reducing the occurrence of hurricanes , thunderstorms , flooding , and drought . but his laser technology can look way beyond the clouds : `` there are potential applications in the biomedical field : by changing the color of the laser , we could identify and selectively kill cancer cells , with little or no collateral damage . '' yet another potential application to add to that list : `` every time you think you have done everything you can with lasers , something new comes up : it 's quite amazing . ''