( cnn ) a u.s. army soldier was killed wednesday in an attack in eastern afghanistan by an afghan national army gunman , a u.s. military official told cnn , shortly after an american official met with a provincial governor . a u.s. defense official did n't provide details about the attack in the city of jalalabad . but an afghan police chief told cnn that an afghan national army soldier shot at u.s. soldiers at a provincial governor 's compound in jalalabad on wednesday . the afghan soldier opened fire on the u.s. troops as they were leaving a meeting at the compound , said fazal ahmad shirzad , police chief of nangarhar province . an afghan soldier was killed and another was injured in a subsequent exchange of gunfire , shirzad said . it was n't immediately clear whether the assailant was among them . a senior u.s. official had just held a meeting with nangarhar 's governor at the compound when gunfire erupted , a u.s. embassy representative said . the embassy representative did n't identify the official but said that all diplomatic personnel had been accounted for after the incident . the u.s. military official did n't know yet what motivated the shooting . other troops were injured in the attack , the u.s. defense official said , speaking on condition of anonymity . those troops belong to the nato-led resolute support mission meant to train and support afghan troops . the defense official did not provide the nationalities of the injured resolute support troops . most of the troops involved with resolute support are with the u.s. military . cnn national security analyst peter bergen said that despite wednesday 's incident , instances of `` green-on-blue '' attacks are declining overall for several reasons . `` first , there are far fewer us soldiers in afghanistan , '' bergen said . `` second more counterintelligence resources were devoted to countering the threat and third , an attempt was made to better vet afghan army recruits . '' cnn 's masoud popalzai and jim sciutto contributed to this report from kabul , afghanistan .