( cnn ) pushed to his limits , a college professor took the extreme measure of threatening to fail his entire class . in an email to his students , irwin horwitz accused them of `` backstabbing , game playing , cheating , lying , fighting . '' the professor at the texas a & m university galveston campus expected his missive would create some conflict , but that it could then be resolved quickly -- and quietly . those hopes were dashed when one report by local media mushroomed into a tornado of nationwide coverage . the story went viral . suddenly , his name was spreading on twitter , facebook and reddit , accompanied by the kind of strong , unvarnished opinions that you can make about people you 've never met . he was a hero who taught today 's entitled youth a much-needed lesson , or an egotistical nightmare of a teacher who threw a fit . one thing was certain : he , and his employer , were now thrust into a spotlight that neither had asked for . `` i did what i did without any intention of seeing this in the news or seeing this on the internet , '' horwitz said . `` i will stand by what i did , but i 'm not career suicidal . '' texas a & m says horwitz remains an employee and that no one has asked him to stop teaching . but horwitz , a nontenure-track professor in the maritime administration program , is afraid the notoriety will cost him this job and future jobs . horwitz said his intent was not to be controversial , and the sharply worded email to students was not his first about the class . the day before writing to his students , horwitz wrote a similar email to the ceo of the texas a & m galveston campus and to the school 's chief academic officer . `` i have never in my capacity as an academic ever encountered a class as completely disgraceful , dishonest and disrespectful '' as his current strategic management class , he wrote to the administrators . he accused the students of shirking responsibility , making excuses and complaining their way to better grades . he would no longer teach the course and would fail the entire class , horwitz wrote . `` the class of graduating seniors is nothing more than a circus that is anything but academic , '' he wrote . `` but they are your problem now . '' it was the next day that horwitz wrote to the students , calling the class `` an embarrassment in general , '' and said that `` i am frankly and completely disgusted . '' once his words echoed in traditional and social media , the narrative -- angry prof flunks entire class -- might as well have been set in stone . the story was such a talker that even the onion offered a parody . `` i 'm not looking to fail students , '' horwitz said . `` i do n't get a bonus for failing students . '' `` the letter sounded a little bit more definite than i wanted it to , '' he added . he never actually changed anyone 's grade . there were some students he was n't going to fail , he said , and some who were on the border who could have pulled themselves out . but horwitz stands by his tough stance ; there was an issue of competency and of professionalism that had to be addressed , he said . the course in question is a capstone course for a maritime administration degree and is supposed to merge what the students learned in their other business courses . `` i had a large majority of people taking the capstone course who could not do a break-even analysis , '' the professor said . `` if you can not do a break-even analysis , then you do n't deserve a bachelor 's degree in business . '' his other complaint was about professionalism . horwitz said students would swear at him , cheat and spread rumors about him online . this is related to their grades , he said , because dealing with people you do n't like is a business skill . on online message boards , users claiming to be students in the class accused the professor of exaggerating the situation or fabricating parts of his story . one purported student called horwitz `` a little obnoxious , '' but said he is a good teacher and fair if you follow his rules . should the professor have been surprised that his email went viral ? the fiery language and strong allegations were likely to be news if the email went public , but maybe there is more to it . the situation hits on a popular argument on the media and internet : what do we think of millennials ? reflecting on his most recent class , horwitz said there is some truth to stereotypes of millennials as entitled and pampered . he mentioned the overdependence of students on cell phones and other electronics , and the power those devices have to interrupt concentration . the other factor is a failure of k-12 education , said horwitz , who has met college students who do n't know how to convert fractions to decimals . `` what i 'm trying to do is to give an honest assessment of their performance , '' he said . in a statement , patrick louchouarn , the vice president for academic affairs and chief academic officer at texas a & m galveston campus , said the entire class will not be failed . `` each student will receive an individual grade based upon work completed during the semester , '' louchouarn said . `` the university is listening to concerns about this issue from students and faculty and will address them according to our policies . '' the flurry of attention is unwelcome and horwitz fears it will affect his career in academia . but it 's likely his story will have a short shelf life . people probably will forget about it and turn their attention to the next grabby headline . but he said he thinks this episode will follow him everywhere . he said he feels a public shaming of sorts . online public shaming has become a research topic of its own . people who have been pilloried online for comments they made wonder if they will get a second chance . `` this is really destroying my life , '' horwitz said .