( cnn ) marco rubio is all in . the republican senator from florida has announced that he is seeking the republican presidential nomination , running on an optimistic message that he embodies the promise of the american dream . with his youthful energy and hispanic roots , it 's tempting to see rubio as the new blood that the gop needs in order to compete against hillary clinton in 2016 . yet rubio has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his two signature issues : immigration reform and cuba relations . he holds little appeal to latino voters . and unless he can offer new ideas , his climb to the republican nomination will be steep . back in 2013 , rubio was a member of the senate `` gang of 8 '' that crafted a bipartisan proposal for comprehensive reform , including a path to citizenship for the nation 's estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants . he later distanced himself from the bill after it ran into resistance from house republicans , and now says he favors a piecemeal approach , starting with securing the border . his retreat on immigration means that rubio has missed an opportunity to set himself apart from most of the presumptive republican presidential candidates . that 's a shame , for this issue was supposed to be his calling card to latino voters . instead , rubio has embraced a typical conservative approach to immigration . he believes that president obama 's deferred action program , offering deportation relief to young immigrants , should be ended . he has stated that the president 's executive action on immigration , on hold pending a circuit court review , sets a `` horrifying precedent . '' meanwhile , both the deferred action program and president obama 's executive action on immigration are overwhelmingly favored by hispanics . no wonder the research firm latino decisions reports that , `` we find no evidence that rubio 's candidacy will draw significant latino support for his candidacy or for his party more generally . '' so , if rubio is counting on his ethnicity and personal history as the son of immigrants to win over fellow hispanics , he is mistaken . at a private breakfast monday for supporters , rubio described running against `` one candidate in the race who 's from yesterday , and one who wants to take us back to yesterday . '' but when it comes to cuba policy , rubio himself seems firmly stuck in the past . over the weekend , he called the recent thaw in relations between the two countries ridiculous . he has warned that cuba is taking advantage of the united states . here , he is an increasingly lonely voice . most americans support better relations with cuba , as do a majority of cuban-americans . by clinging to the notion that isolating cuba is better than engaging with the communist country , rubio has marginalized himself on an issue where he could have provided insight and leadership . immigration and cuba policy aside , rubio 's political philosophy will be a tough sell to hispanics . he is a fierce opponent of `` obamacare '' and wants the law repealed . however , the affordable care act has led to a 12.3 % drop in the hispanic uninsured rate , making latinos the demographic with the largest gain in insurance , thanks to the law . ( in fact , rubio signed his own family up for `` obamacare '' on the washington exchange , taking advantage of a generous federal subsidy offered to lawmakers . ) rubio favors smaller government , while latinos are more likely than the general public to say they favor a bigger government that provides more services over a small government that provides less . and though rubio doubts that climate change is caused by humans , the new york times has noted that latinos view global warming as a problem and favor government action on the issue . sure , rubio is young and charismatic . but his work on the failed immigration bill notwithstanding , rubio has a significant lack of accomplishments to show for his five years in the senate . in february , he was reported as topping the list of absentee lawmakers by the website politico . another rubio weakness is his lack of bold policy proposals . consider that his fellow contender for the gop presidential nomination , sen. rand paul of kentucky , has been willing to present new ideas to the republican base , such as reforming the criminal justice system and legalizing medical marijuana . or that another gop candidate for president , sen. ted cruz of texas is entirely comfortable with his image as a conservative firebrand . by comparison , rubio seems cautious and ill-suited to the task of rousing republican voters . with his early leap into the 2016 race , marco rubio is positioning himself as the next generation of gop leadership . unfortunately , a fresh face on stale ideas is not a winning combination -- not for rubio , and not for latino voters .