( cnn ) the best part of the supreme court oral arguments about marriage equality was when justice ruth bader ginsburg alluded to s & m . ok , she did n't actually mention s & m , but ginsburg talked about how the institution of marriage has already changed from long ago , when it was `` a dominant and a subordinate relationship . '' `` yes , it was marriage between a man and a woman , but the man decided where the couple would be domiciled , '' said ginsburg . `` it was her obligation to follow him . '' mary bonauto , the attorney arguing on behalf of the four same-sex couples who petitioned the supreme court , said in response : `` that 's correct . ... for centuries we had and europe had this coverture system where a woman 's legal identity was absorbed into that of her husband and men and women had different prescribed legal roles . and again , because of equality and changing social circumstances , all of those gender differences in the rights and responsibilities of the married pair have been eliminated . '' once upon a time , wives were the legal property of their husbands and `` marital rape '' was not only not a crime but not even a concept . to argue that the definition of marriage has not changed since then is either willfully ignorant or woefully naïve . justice anthony kennedy , widely believed to be the key swing vote amidst a court otherwise generally evenly divided along ideological lines , at one point referred to `` the nobility and the sacredness of marriage . '' which is true , if you ignore the history of its past and the reality of infidelity in the present . if anything , the nobility and sacredness of marriage need protecting from straight people . one downside to arguing that marriage has `` always been '' between a man and a woman is that , therefore , any problems in the institution of marriage are also plainly the responsibility of heterosexual couples , too . the one justice who did n't ask a question is clarence thomas , who , with one slight exception , has now gone over nine years without a single inquiry from the bench . it should be carefully noted here that thomas is a black man married to a white woman . anti-miscegenation laws banning interracial marriage were first introduced in 1661 in maryland . that means that by 1967 , when the supreme court considered the constitutionality of such laws , bans against interracial marriage had been officially part of the american `` definition '' of marriage for over 300 years . just 20 years after the supreme court struck down the anti-miscegenation laws still in effect in 16 states , clarence thomas and his wife , virginia , were married . james braxton peterson , director of africana studies at lehigh university , has written , `` the fact that the thomas ' marriage required progressive supreme court action must in some way inform their sense of this moment . '' or maybe not . clarence thomas did n't say one way or the other , though his remarks outside court and in dissenting opinions suggest he 's firmly opposed to the supreme court doing for other loving relationships what it once did for his own . but perhaps the example of clarence thomas speaks to what seems most glaring about the oral arguments in the marriage equality cases , namely that just as with the rest of america , the supreme court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics . perhaps this was always the case , justices hiding their personal beliefs behind legal rationales . still , the marriage equality arguments seemed even more shaped by politics than the law . on the one hand , pulling pages right from republican presidential candidates , conservative chief justice john roberts suggested the court should n't intervene in a state-driven social debate . aping conservative religious activists , justice samuel alito asked whether four people could then get married . on the other hand , justice stephen breyer talked about marriage as a fundamental liberty while justice elena kagan pushed back on whether legalizing same-sex marriage would really harm or take anything away from opposite-sex couples . both arguments , and the moral force beneath them , seemed to echo gay rights messaging . still , the highly political and momentous decision in loving vs. virginia was unanimous . whichever way the court rules on same-sex marriage , it appears unlikely the ruling will be unanimous . so , while the definition of marriage has unarguably evolved , a fact hopefully the supreme court will soon confirm with a ruling in favor of marriage equality , what 's also clear is that the court has evolved . blown by the winds of partisanship whipping up america in general , the supreme court is increasingly divorced from reason and submissive to politics . the question remains not what is fundamentally the right decision — i think both law and morality are clear in favor of equal treatment . the question is simply which side of the court will dominate the other .