( cnn ) i would have done anything to get to europe . it was worth the risk , the bad treatment and the fear , hard as that may be to believe . simply put , i have a better life now than i did before . but my journey across the mediterranean , like those of thousands of other migrants , was n't easy . here 's my story . it all started late last year when i lost my job in dubai . my work visa had expired , and i had nowhere else to go . i 'm syrian , and returning to syria was n't an option -- going back means you either have to kill or be killed . but syrians do n't need visas to get into turkey , so turkey it was . i arrived in the country in december with an old dream in my mind : reaching europe . while in istanbul , i discovered many facebook pages about illegal smuggling from turkey to italy by sea . all of them mentioned that mersin , a port city on the southern border , was the jump off point , so i made my way there . i met a syrian guy in a hotel in mersin who had already paid money to one smuggler and was planning to depart within a few days . he told me his smuggler was a decent man with a great reputation . reputation : it was a funny thing to hear for the first time , the thought that these people , who i always considered to be little more than criminals , were concerned about what people thought of them . but why would n't they be ? it 's a long-term business , and the syrian conflict is n't ending anytime soon . so i decided to meet the guy . we spoke about terms of payment and agreed on a fee of $ 6,500 . some of the money would be deposited into an insurance company , with the usual transaction fees . when i reached italy the money would be released to the smuggler -- or , if i changed my mind , i 'd be able to get some of it back . `` be ready all day , every day for the next few days , because you might receive the call to go , '' the smuggler told me . one evening a few days later , i got the call and my journey began . they gathered 100 men and women in five buses and drove us to the smuggling point . it was far from mersin . we walked for 30 minutes , through rough terrain and orange farms near the beach , in darkness to avoid detection by police . the idea was to take us in three small boats to the main ship . i still remember an old lady , barely able to walk , with her two sons , marching along as fast as they could to try to reach the boats . they were told that if they did n't walk faster , the boat would leave without them . i asked myself so many time what could possibly drive a normal person to put himself and his family in this kind of danger . i decided that anyone with a past but no future was capable of doing crazy things . finally we reached the boat . it was just as the smuggler described . for three days we waited in the boat for two other parties of 100 people to join us before departing . we were in the middle of the mediterranean , far enough away from the surrounding countries to be in international waters . on the fourth day we started our journey with a mix of excitement and fear -- fear that this madness often ends in tragedy , ends with us as numbers piled on top of all the other unfortunate , nameless numbers who never made it to the other side . but there was no going back -- it 's a one-way ticket . we sailed for eight hours before the boat 's engine broke down . there were around 300 of us on board , and as the waves began to push us towards cyprus the crew sent a distress signal , hoping to alert maybe a u.n. or red cross boat , anyone who could help us . eventually our boat hit a cliff and got stuck . luckily , before long , a cypriot coast guard ship arrived to rescue us and deport us back to turkey . turkish authorities fingerprinted and released us within a few hours . some of the people i had been traveling with said they were n't going to try to make the trip again . when they asked me what i planned to do , i told them i would do it again tomorrow if i could -- another journey through a sea where no prayer works , where no one is bigger than nature , where you can feel so small , no matter how big your dreams are . i 'd already lost everything . my family did n't know what i was doing , but i dreamed of being a human being who is treated like one . i was n't going to stop . so i called the smuggler the same night i was released , and said i wanted to get on the next ship out . two days later i received the call , and again i headed to a smuggling point . this time , they had a bigger boat -- a cargo ship , in fact , maybe 85 meters long or more . it took five days to get everyone on board the ship -- 391 of us in total , refugees from cities all over syria . and for the first time , i began to feel like i was in jail , trapped in conditions no human should ever suffer . we lived in the hold . there were no mattresses or sheets , but we found some wooden planks to put our stuff on to keep it from getting wet . hundreds of migrants killed when boat capsizes . for five days we had no food and little water . but at least it meant not having to make frequent trips to the `` toilet , '' if you could call it that , which was an old car tire covered with a piece of cloth . huge waves crashed against the ship from all angles and water leaked in from the ceiling as we slept on the cold metal floor of the ship , the smell of urine emanating from the corner . seven days in , despite the poor conditions , everything was going well and we were nearing the island-dotted seas near greece . on the eleventh day , 200 miles off the coast of southern italy our guides began to alert italian authorities to our presence . we were adrift at sea , they told the authorities , with no captain or crew . and that was actually true -- we did n't have a registered pilot , just one guy who had worked on this ship before . an icelandic ship -- working in conjunction with frontex , the joint european union border patrol -- rescued us from our captain-less boat with the help of a scientific research boat from new zealand . the rescue ship approached us but was unable to get close at first because the waves were so high . we knew we would have to wait some time before leaving our boat forever . the other refugees were waving their hands like children and then telling each other : `` stop waving , they 've already seen us . '' i was one of the last 10 people to be rescued from the boat . i can still see it like it was yesterday ; it was the rebirth of a new life . why migrants head to mediterranean . they took us to catania , on sicily , where we finally reached land a day later . when we arrived , the first thing the italian authorities did was look after the urgent medical cases . there was a man who was poisoned by the drinking water on the boat , a few pregnant women and old people who needed medical attention . they took us to a refugee camp and the only thing anyone talked about was being fingerprinted . they were saying : `` we did n't risk everything to be refugees . we are not going to give our fingerprints , even if they torture us . '' later that night a moroccan-italian man told us not to worry : `` they will not fingerprint you . '' they would simply take us to different camps and we could leave from there . twelve days after it began , our journey to europe was over . i spent two days in sicily before making my way first to milan with two syrian guys who had become friends . we decided to go to germany and went to paris first and ended up in a city called saarbrucken . i did n't know where my fellow travellers were heading , but i knew one thing : my dream of making it to europe , no matter the cost and risk involved , had been achieved . it was worth it .