( cnn ) the palestinian authority officially became the 123rd member of the international criminal court on wednesday , a step that gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in palestinian territories . the formal accession was marked with a ceremony at the hague , in the netherlands , where the court is based . the palestinians signed the icc 's founding rome statute in january , when they also accepted its jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed `` in the occupied palestinian territory , including east jerusalem , since june 13 , 2014 . '' later that month , the icc opened a preliminary examination into the situation in palestinian territories , paving the way for possible war crimes investigations against israelis . as members of the court , palestinians may be subject to counter-charges as well . israel and the united states , neither of which is an icc member , opposed the palestinians ' efforts to join the body . but palestinian foreign minister riad al-malki , speaking at wednesday 's ceremony , said it was a move toward greater justice . `` as palestine formally becomes a state party to the rome statute today , the world is also a step closer to ending a long era of impunity and injustice , '' he said , according to an icc news release . `` indeed , today brings us closer to our shared goals of justice and peace . '' judge kuniko ozaki , a vice president of the icc , said acceding to the treaty was just the first step for the palestinians . `` as the rome statute today enters into force for the state of palestine , palestine acquires all the rights as well as responsibilities that come with being a state party to the statute . these are substantive commitments , which can not be taken lightly , '' she said . rights group human rights watch welcomed the development . `` governments seeking to penalize palestine for joining the icc should immediately end their pressure , and countries that support universal acceptance of the court 's treaty should speak out to welcome its membership , '' said balkees jarrah , international justice counsel for the group . `` what 's objectionable is the attempts to undermine international justice , not palestine 's decision to join a treaty to which over 100 countries around the world are members . '' in january , when the preliminary icc examination was opened , israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu described it as an outrage , saying the court was overstepping its boundaries . the united states also said it `` strongly '' disagreed with the court 's decision . `` as we have said repeatedly , we do not believe that palestine is a state and therefore we do not believe that it is eligible to join the icc , '' the state department said in a statement . it urged the warring sides to resolve their differences through direct negotiations . `` we will continue to oppose actions against israel at the icc as counterproductive to the cause of peace , '' it said . but the icc begs to differ with the definition of a state for its purposes and refers to the territories as `` palestine . '' while a preliminary examination is not a formal investigation , it allows the court to review evidence and determine whether to investigate suspects on both sides . prosecutor fatou bensouda said her office would `` conduct its analysis in full independence and impartiality . '' the war between israel and hamas militants in gaza last summer left more than 2,000 people dead . the inquiry will include alleged war crimes committed since june . the international criminal court was set up in 2002 to prosecute genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . cnn 's vasco cotovio , kareem khadder and faith karimi contributed to this report .