( cnn ) a trip to a former heavyweight champ 's gaudy , abandoned mansion . the tallest and fastest `` giga-coaster '' in the world . a dramatic interview with a famed spiritual leader -- and the tearful reaction by one of his former students . these are some of the best videos of the week : in the 1980s and '90s -- before he moved to vegas and started keeping tigers as pets -- former heavyweight boxer mike tyson lived in a southington , ohio , mansion . the home featured an indoor swimming pool , a marble-and-gold jacuzzi ( with mirrored ceiling , naturally ) and an entertainment room large enough for small concerts . tyson sold the house in 1999 ; it 's due to become , of all things , a church . the video can be seen at the top of this story . not a fan of roller coasters ? you may want to skip the next video -- but for the rest of us , the thrill of watching is the next best thing to being there . the fury 325 can be found at carowinds amusement part in charlotte , north carolina . watch the video : in a cnn exclusive , alisyn camerota looked into allegations that bikram yoga creator bikram choudhury sexually assaulted six former students . `` he 's a person who 's based a lot of truths on a lot of lies , '' said sarah baughn , who alleges that choudhury sexually assaulted her . watch the video : cnn 's karl penhaul spoke to a shepherd who witnessed the final seconds of germanwings flight 9525 , which crashed in the french alps last week . `` i saw the plane heading down along the valley and i said , ' my god , it 's going to hit the mountain , ' `` jean varrieras told penhaul . `` i ducked my head . ... then after that , i saw the smoke . '' watch the video : magician and comedian penn jillette was part of a panel speaking to cnn 's don lemon about the controversial indiana religious freedom law . jillette , an avowed atheist and libertarian , noted `` we are not talking about forcing people to engage in gay sex , or even endorse gay sex . '' his provocative opening led to an energetic back-and-forth with the alliance defending freedom 's kristen waggoner and the aclu 's rita sklar . watch the video : a professor of physics at a british university asked 100 people to create a composite with facial features they thought were beautiful -- and then asked another 100 to rate their attractiveness . you 'll never guess what celebrities best fit the model . watch the video :