( cnn ) the fbi charged a philadelphia woman on thursday with trying to travel overseas to fight for isis . she 's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges . two new york women were also taken into custody . an fbi complaint cites numerous social media messages dating back to august 2013 that were sent by keonna thomas , 30 , also known as `` young lioness '' and `` fatayat al khilafah . '' one twitter message said , `` if we truly knew the realities ... we all would be rushing to join our brothers in the front lines pray allah accept us as shuhada [ martyrs ] . '' another said , `` when you 're a mujahid [ violent jihadi fighter ] your death becomes a wedding . '' the fbi said thomas purchased an electronic visa to turkey on march 23 . turkey is known as the easiest place from which to enter syria and join isis . an isis manual advises recruits to buy round-trip tickets to vacation spots such as spain and then purchase tickets for their real destination once they arrive overseas , the fbi said . on march 26 , thomas purchased a ticket to barcelona , with a march 29 departure and an april 15 return to the united states , the complaint said . it 's not clear when or where she was arrested . she was charged with knowingly attempting to provide material support and resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization . she could be sentenced to 15 years in prison . on thursday , noelle velentzas , 28 , and her former roommate , asia siddiqui , 31 , were arrested in new york and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the united states , federal prosecutors said . in the past 18 months , the justice department 's national security division has prosecuted or is prosecuting more than 30 cases of people attempting to travel abroad to join or provide support to terrorist groups . of those cases , 18 allegedly involve support to isis . `` the terrorist threat is more decentralized , more diffuse , more complicated , '' homeland security secretary jeh johnson told reporters thursday . `` it involves the potential lone wolf actor , it involves the effective use of social media , the internet . ''