( billboard ) fresh off his scorching performance at coachella saturday night ( and days before his next one on the festival 's second weekend ) , rocker jack white announced he 'll take a hiatus from touring . white will wrap his touring efforts in support of `` lazeretto '' with a brief , first-ever acoustic tour that will hit `` the only five states left in the u.s. that he has yet to play , '' according to white 's website . rounding out the acoustic quartet on tour will be fats kaplin , lillie mae rische and dominic davis . the shows will be unannounced until day-of-show , with tickets priced at $ 3 and limited to one ticket per person , to be purchased only at the venue on a first-come , first-served basis . billboard : jack white on not being a 'sound-bite artist , ' living in the wrong era and why vinyl records are ' hypnotic ' . the purposely vague announcement surely has fans ( and journalists ) scouring the internet for white 's touring history . unclear is whether white includes his work with the white stripes , the raconteurs and dead weather in his touring history , or just his solo road work . presumably , he 's including all of his touring , with all bands , as billboard could find only 29 states in which he has performed as jack white . tour dates with white stripes add another 12 states . that leaves nine states for which we could not find a show for white : hawaii ( where a show is scheduled for tomorrow , april 15 ) , arkansas , idaho , utah , wyoming , vermont , iowa , and north and south dakota . billboard : jack white plays the hits , declares ' music is sacred ' at coachella . through the process of elimination ( surely he has played boise , little rock , and salt lake ? ) , our guess as to which five `` states '' white will play on the brief acoustic run : south and north dakota , wyoming , vermont and ... puerto rico ? if that 's the case , this tour is in for some long jumps , with puerto rico to vermont being a potential beast . ( though shipping acoustic instruments and ribbon mics will be a lot less taxing than a full electrified stage setup . ) ©2015 billboard . all rights reserved .