( cnn ) a fourth man has been indicted in connection with a plot to provide material support to terrorists and for some of the men to join isis , according to an indictment from brooklyn federal court released monday . dilkhayot kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested men -- abdurasul hasanovich juraboev , akhror saidakhmetov , and abror habibov -- were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization . those three have pleaded not guilty . it is unclear if kasimov has been arrested . the indictment and a criminal complaint filed last month say juraboev and saidakhmetov planned to join isis and had purchased airline tickets to turkey . saidakhmetov has also been charged with travel document fraud after telling authorities he intended to travel for entertainment purposes , according to the indictment . he and habibov were charged with conspiracy to use a firearm to commit a crime . the names : who has been recruited to isis from the west . habibov is a 30-year-old uzbekistani citizen , who police say `` helped organize and finance '' the operation . he was arrested in jacksonville , florida . court documents say habibov operates mall kiosks that sell kitchenware and repair mobile phones . he has locations in florida , georgia , pennsylvania and virginia . habibov was in the united states legally , but overstayed his visa , according to police . saidakhmetov , 19 , lives in brooklyn with juraboev , his roommate . they are permanent residents of the united states . court documents say saidakhmetov , a citizen of kazakhstan , worked at habibov 's mall kiosks in three different states in the fall and winter of 2014 . saidakhmetov was arrested last month at john f. kennedy international airport while attempting to catch a flight to turkey , authorities said . the brooklyn travel agent who booked his ticket said saidakhmetov came into the agency , wanting to buy a round-trip ticket to istanbul . saidakhmetov said he could n't afford a direct flight , which would have cost $ 900 , so the travel agent booked him a trip connecting in kiev , ukraine , for $ 571 . saidakhmetov purchased the tickets using a new york state id , the travel agent said . court documents say saidakhmetov once posted some comments on video of isis executing iraqi forces . `` allahu akbar ( god is great ) . i was very happy after reading this , my eyes joyful so much victory . '' the criminal complaint says he told a confidential informant that he wanted to travel to syria to wage jihad , `` but that his mother had feared that he would do so and took his passport so that he could not travel . '' saidakhmetov called his mother in february and asked for his passport , according to the criminal complaint . `` when asked where he wanted to go , saidakhmetov responded that , if a person has a chance to join islamic state and does not go there , on judgment day he will be asked why , and that it is a sin to live in the land of infidels , '' the complaint says . `` after saidakhmetov continued to ask for his passport , his mother hung up the phone . '' saidakhmetov told the informant he would try to get his passport back by telling his mom he was traveling to uzbekistan to visit relatives . when the informant suggested it might be better to take a direct flight to turkey , saidakhmetov responded , `` america is catching , they are very strict now . ... it is better to fool them by flying here and flying there . '' there were other recorded conversations . in one from november , saidakhmetov told juraboev that he wanted to join the u.s. military so he could share information with isis . at the very least , he said , `` he could always open fire on american soldiers and kill as many of them as possible , '' according to the complaint . in another recorded conversation in january , saidakhmetov told the informant that if he could n't get travel documents to go to syria , `` i will just go and buy a machine gun , ak-47 , go out and shoot all police . '' later , according to the complaint , he said , `` it is legal in america to carry a gun . we will go and purchase one handgun ... then go and shoot one police officer . boom . ... then , we will take his gun , bullets and bulletproof vest ... then , we will do the same with a couple of others . then we will go to the fbi headquarters , kill the fbi people . '' before his arrest at his brooklyn home , juraboev was scheduled to hop a flight to turkey , the criminal complaint said . he worked at the gyro king restaurant in brooklyn and had asked for the weekend off so he could travel . zak kahn , owner of gyro king , said juraboev was quiet and not given to discussing politics . `` i never heard him -- not even a single sentence -- ( talk ) about politics , about jihad , about army , about military or force . ... what happened to him ? he seemed to be a very peaceful person . '' in august , court documents say , juraboev was active on an uzbek-language website that promoted isis . `` greetings ! we too wanted to pledge our allegiance and commit ourselves while not present there , '' juraboev , a citizen of uzbekistan , is said to have posted . `` i am in usa now but we do n't have any arms . but is it possible to commit ourselves as dedicated martyrs anyway while here ? what i 'm saying is , to shoot obama and then get shot ourselves , will it do ? that will strike fear in the hearts of infidels . '' the post earned juraboev a visit from federal agents several days later . juraboev admitted that he 'd posted the message and that he believed in the isis agenda . he also said `` that he would harm obama if he had the opportunity to do so , but currently does not have the means or an imminent plan to do so , '' the complaint says . cnn 's ed payne , catherine shoichet , ray sanchez , rob freshe , will ripley , david shortell , julia talanova , jason caroll and yon pomrenze contributed to this report .