( cnn ) it started with neighbors and local officials digging with their hands through the rubble . as soon as a deadly earthquake stopped rattling a swath of nepal , before the scope of the damage was calculated , the digging began . the magnitude-7.8 earthquake has killed more than 1,800 people , and the death toll is expected to rise . one witness , joe mcenness , captured a photo of police officers in kathmandu , the nepalese capital , trying to dig survivors out of a collapsed building . the international federation of red cross and red crescent societies said its volunteers and staff were aiding rescue efforts and providing first aid to the injured . the red cross opened a blood bank in kathmandu . reports from nepal indicated that hospitals were overflowing with patients and suffering from shortages . one doctor in the outskirts of kathmandu put out a plea for engineers to come to his hospital to help back up the electricity supply . `` victims will be dying if we do n't have it , '' dr. subhash acharya tweeted . at another hospital , cnn 's manesh shrestha saw people being turned away as doctors focused on the most dire needs , he said . he saw people lying outside with broken bones and head injuries . with communication limited , many turned to social media to ask for help locating their loved ones . google india launched a person finder website to work as a clearinghouse for information on those who are missing and those who have been found . as of saturday night in nepal , google was tracking some 1,400 records . facebook activated safety check , which alerts users of any friends who are in the disaster zone . those in the affected area can use facebook to alert their family and friends that they are ok . the u.s. government is providing $ 1 million in immediate assistance , the u.s. embassy in nepal said . american disaster response teams are also on their way to the country , the embassy said via twitter . nepal 's neighbor india deployed teams to kathmandu almost immediately . within hours of the quake , india had sent almost 300 personnel , along with search dogs and supplies . the equipment arrived in nepal via a series of cargo and airlift planes , including a c-130 super hercules , one il-76 , and two c-17 globemasters , according to india 's ministry of defense . two additional helicopters were deployed from india but turned back because of bad weather , the ministry said . india said sunday that it would dispatch 10 more aid flights to nepal , along with 10 helicopters to assist in search-and-rescue efforts . disaster management and medical personnel as well as mobile hospitals , food , water , blankets and medicine will be on the aid flights , ministry of defense spokesman sitanshu kar said . pakistan announced it is sending a medical team , a 30-bed hospital and search-and-rescue experts . the pakistani search team is specialized for rescues in natural disasters , officials said , and comes equipped with ground-penetrating radar and concrete cutters . pakistan is sending meals , water , medicine and other supplies . china , meanwhile , announced that it will send 40 rescuers and six search dogs . israel 's military was preparing to send a team to assess the damage from the quake ahead of a humanitarian mission , the israel defense forces said . hikers around mount everest run for lives , treat injured . cnn 's kunal sehgal contributed to this report .