( cnn ) isis operatives have executed two groups of prisoners , believed to be ethiopian christians , in libya , according to a video released sunday by the terror network 's media arm . the ethiopian government confirmed monday that 30 of its citizens were among the two groups , according to the ethiopian news agency . the al-furqan media video -- which is highly produced and titled `` until there came to them clear evidence '' -- shows two groups of men , one in orange jumpsuits and the other in black , being killed at different locations in libya , according to the video 's narrator . one group is beheaded on a beach along the mediterranean sea , while the other group is shot in southern libya , hundreds of miles away . `` all praise be to allah , the lord and cherisher of the world and may peace and blessings be upon the prophet mohammed . to the nation of the cross , we are back again on the sands , where the companions of the prophet , peace be upon him , have stepped on before , telling you : muslim blood that was shed under the hands of your religion is not cheap , '' the narrator says in arabic on the 39-minute video . the narrator continues , `` in fact , their blood is the purest blood because there is a nation behind them ( which ) inherits revenge . and we swear to allah : the one who disgraced you by our hands , you will not have safety , even in your dreams , until you embrace islam . '' quoting mohammed , the narrator says that those who `` perform prayer and pay alms '' will have `` their blood and property '' protected by the prophet unless islam dictates otherwise . `` you pay ( tax ) with willing submission , feeling yourselves subdued . our battle is a battle between faith and blasphemy , between truth and falsehood , until there is no more polytheism -- and obedience becomes allah 's on its entirety , '' the narrator says . earlier in the video , a different speaker says christians in the northern iraqi city of mosul were given the choice to embrace islam or maintain their christian faith and pay a tax . `` the islamic state has offered the christian community this many times and set a deadline for this , but the christians never cooperated , '' the speaker says . at the beginning of the video , a man who appears to be a judge in a court enforcing islam 's sharia law holds up documents and says a syrian christian had owed a syrian muslim 550,000 syrian pounds ( about $ 2,900 ) since 2004 , but the muslim was unable to obtain the money under president bashar al-assad 's regime . `` after applying to the islamic court he got his money back within one month , '' the man says . the law cited throughout the video comes from the quran 's surah 9:29 , whose exact translation is an area of dispute among religious scholars . the gist is that muslims are commanded to fight those who do n't believe in allah or the last day ( islam 's equivalent of judgment day ) unless the nonbelievers pay a tax or tribute . in february , isis released a video of 21 coptic christians from egypt being executed on a libyan beach . those captives , too , wore orange jumpsuits . in that video , released by al-hayat media center , another isis media arm , a masked man references the killing of osama bin laden and his burial at sea . `` the sea you have hidden sheikh osama bin laden 's body in , we swear to allah , we will mix it with your blood , '' he threatens in english . cnn 's anas hamdan , christine theodorou and brian walker contributed to this report .