west of baghdad , iraq ( cnn ) falih essawi shouted on the phone as he described his situation . from his point of view , isis militants might be just hours away from taking the key iraqi city of ramadi . fierce fighting has engulfed ramadi , which lies only about 70 miles ( 113 kilometers ) west of baghdad and is the capital of anbar province , iraq 's sunni heartland . essawi , the deputy head of the anbar provincial council , told cnn from inside the city wednesday that it 's unclear how much longer government troops can hold their front lines against the isis offensive . the politician said he was on a front line himself , armed with a machine gun . security was `` collapsing rapidly in the city , '' and he begged the iraqi government for reinforcements and the u.s.-led coalition against isis for air support . he stressed that urgent support from the military and security forces is needed to save the city . `` this is what we warned baghdad of what 's going to happen , '' essawi told cnn by phone , referring to the iraqi government at the capital . `` where is baghdad ? where is al-abadi ? '' his plea for help comes the day after iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi met with u.s. president barack obama in washington to seek more support for the fight against isis . `` just allah knows if we will survive this , '' essawi said . according to the anbar official , at least 10 iraqi security forces were killed and more than 100 others were wounded in the fighting against isis on wednesday . the extremist group 's offensive in ramadi shows its resilience despite months of u.s.-led airstrikes and its recent defeat by iraqi forces in the northern city of tikrit . isis fighters have ramadi under pressure from several angles . essawi said isis militants made significant advances wednesday in three areas east of ramadi : albu soda , albu ghanem and parts of soufia , which leads to central ramadi . later , he said that militants were rolling into the center of ramadi . over the weekend , the militants seized control of areas north of ramadi . routes south of the city were taken some months ago . that leaves only areas to the west of ramadi in the hands of government forces , but those positions are under threat , essawi warned . the recent fighting has driven a steady stream of refugees out of the city . on wednesday , some residents packed what they could into metal carts as they prepared to flee on foot . people also were fleeing the areas where isis was advancing east of ramadi . at least 150,000 people have already fled since wednesday morning , causing huge traffic jams on the roads leading outside the city , according to essawi . a cnn team met with three families that had fled an isis assault in the albu ghanem area . those families said iraqi security and military forces withdrew from albu ghanem after a battle with isis , which took over the area quickly . one fleeing albu ghanem resident , abu ahmed , paused to talk to cnn as he and his family walked east toward baghdad , crossing a bridge over the euphrates river . he said four isis militants had entered his house and set up a sniper position on his roof . abu ahmed said he , his wife and four children walked away from the home with his elderly mother while the isis fighters were busy setting things up there . he said his family left everything behind . his family was using a cart to carry his mother , who could n't walk . while talking about the fighters ' takeover of his home , his wife started crying and asked god to help the rest of the families who are stuck in albu ghanem . ramadi has seen intense and persistent fighting for months . isis took over parts of the city in the first half of last year , placing it at the heart of a deadly tug of war ever since . the u.s. military has carried out multiple airstrikes against isis targets near ramadi in recent weeks . `` the coalition has been supporting the fight in ramadi with airstrikes , and there have been seven airstrikes in ramadi since monday , '' col. ed thomas , spokesman for joint chiefs chairman col. martin dempsey , said on wednesday . he stressed that ramadi remains contested . another u.s. military official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , told cnn that the fall of ramadi is `` not imminent . '' sizable parts of the city are under isis control or influence , but the area has been a target of a months-long offensive , that official said . cnn 's hamdi alkhshali and arwa damon reported from west of baghdad , and jethro mullen wrote from hong kong . cnn 's jason hanna , jim sciutto , jamie crawford contributed to this report .