( cnn ) every morning , sissa abu dahou puts on traditional male dress , known as a jalabiya , and heads into the streets of the egyptian city of luxor for a day of hard work . but this man of the house is actually a woman . the grandmother of two has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative muslim state . `` why did you do this mother ? '' her daughter asked during a recorded interview with egyptian television network cbc . `` your father died and i was six months pregnant with you . '' she replied . `` none of my siblings helped me . i raised you and sent you to school . without money i could not have gotten you an education . '' a widow at just 21 , dahou was forced to fend for herself in egypt 's patriarchal south , where decades ago it was unheard of for women to earn their own living . even in recent years , women make up barely 24 % of egypt 's workforce , according to the world bank . `` it is considered wrong that i dressed as a man but no one can judge . not you or anyone else . only god can judge me , '' dahou said , `` people talked but i said i decided to be a man so i can take care of my small daughter . '' the breadwinner worked as a brick maker for just 25 piasters , the equivalent of a few cents , until she saved up enough money to buy a shoeshine kit . she found a place for her wooden box , painted with red hearts and the egyptian flag , alongside the all-male shoe shiners of her community . `` if it was n't for my mother , i would have been on the streets '' houda , her daughter , told tv host mona al-shazly through tears . `` honestly i would have been in the streets . i did not find a home except with my mother . and even today my children rely on her . '' the years of sun and sand weathered and darkened dahou 's face and left her with a voice so deep and raspy she can easily be mistaken for a man . her only child , houda , eventually married and had two children of her own . through the years the one-time housewife dreamed of owning her own business one day , a small street stand to sell snacks and cigarettes . after her interview on cbc television , the governor of luxor province offered dahou a kiosk and a cash advance . the maverick had one requirement- she would only agree to meet with the governor in male attire . `` even if i die , i will not take it off , '' dahou said as she pulled on the male jalabiya in front of a tv camera , `` when i had to dress in a woman 's jalabiya when i went to cairo i felt suffocated . no , i thank god . i do n't want anyone to look at me or look at my daughter . '' now the 65-year-old who earned respect as a man has gained praise as a woman . egypt 's president , abdel fattah el-sisi , crowned her as one of egypt 's ideal mothers in an official ceremony last month . `` if i was really a man , i would not have done this , '' dahou told her daughter , `` i would have gotten remarried . i would have left you who knows where . you would have been treated without dignity or left homeless . thank god i was able to protect you . ''