( cnn ) cynthia lennon , who married john lennon when he was a struggling musician and was there when he rose to fame with the beatles , died wednesday , according to a post on the website of her son , julian . she was 75 . `` cynthia lennon passed away today at her home in mallorca , spain , following a short but brave battle with cancer . her son julian lennon was at her bedside throughout , '' his website says . `` the family are thankful for your prayers . please respect their privacy at this difficult time . '' john and cynthia lennon were married for six years , from 1962 to 1968 . the pair met at art school , where cynthia studied to be an illustrator and john practiced painting -- in between concerts with a band that would become the beatles . `` when we were at art college , i think he was more interested in the music than he was in the art , '' she told classicbands.com . cynthia lennon , born cynthia powell in 1939 , was a stabilizing force for the young john , who lost his mother when he was a teenager and was raised by his aunt mimi . `` john was always insecure , '' she said in a 2005 interview , having lost his mother at a young age . but his humor -- and his wildness -- were attractive , she told classicbands.com . `` he was a rebel . he was outrageous . that was something i had n't experienced before the age that i was , which was about 16 or 17 . i 'd had quite a normal , straightforward life , '' she said . `` i was just instantly attracted to him . '' the two married in 1962 , just as the beatles were making their rise . their son , julian , was born april 8 , 1963 . lennon 's sometimes-brittle personality and his overwhelming fame became a challenge for cynthia . during her pregnancy , `` i was not supposed to be known or heard about . in the wisdom , or lack of wisdom , anything to do with somebody becoming famous , male , was not supposed to be married or have ( a ) girlfriend . '' she was threatened by fans and occasionally in danger of being left behind in the band 's whirlwind ; when the group traveled to bangor , wales , to meet with the maharishi in 1967 , cynthia was caught in a scrum and could n't make the train in time . she was also there on the 1965 night george harrison , patti boyd and lennon were dosed with lsd -- an experience she disliked -- and traveled to india with the band in early 1968 . the couple divorced in 1968 , by which time john was seeing yoko ono . cynthia lennon married three more times after john and wrote two books about her marriage to the beatle , `` a twist of lennon '' and `` john . '' she had no contact with the surviving members of the band until meeting up at the 2006 las vegas premiere of `` the beatles love . '' for all the difficulties and disappointments -- she described julian , for whom she wrote `` john , '' as `` very scarred by life '' -- she acknowledged that the whirlwind could also be enthralling . `` the whole situation changed my life completely . god knows where i would 've been ended up . i probably would 've been a schoolteacher with about three or four children in a boring situation , '' she told classicbands.com . `` i 've had the most amazing life , a wonderful life . '' she is survived by her son . her fourth husband , noel charles , died in 2013 . people we 've lost in 2015 . cnn 's josh levs contributed to this story .