( cnn ) supported by american intelligence and supplied with advanced u.s.-made weaponry , saudi jets began airstrikes in yemen late last month in the name of what the kingdom 's washington ambassador described as `` restoring the legitimate government '' and protecting a `` yemeni constitution and elections . '' the need to protect constitutions and elections is a rather strange message from the representative of an absolute monarchy . indeed , saudi motives in yemen likely have nothing to do with protecting the country 's `` legitimate government , '' its constitution or its electoral process . so what is really going on ? the kingdom 's real motives seem clear if one looks at saudi monarchy 's history of not allowing regional competition of any kind , while consistently combating efforts to build democratic governments that empower the people . this approach was evident in 2013 , when saudi arabia voiced its support for the military coup that overthrew the democratically elected government of mohamed morsy in egypt , which was in keeping with counterrevolutionary saudi policies that aimed to contain or reverse the results of the arab spring . the saudi goal is simple : prevent the rise of any popularly supported government in the region that seeks self-determination . and the excuse of `` resisting iran 's influence , '' meanwhile , appears to be nothing but sectarian bluster . for example , in 2009 , the houthis ( more accurately described as the ansarullah ) were not yet receiving help from iran , yet for weeks the kingdom pummeled them with airstrikes , following saudi claims of a houthi incursion . true , the ansarullah movement now benefits from iranian support . but it is far from the only group getting help from outside sources in the region . with all this in mind , the american decision to stand behind the saudi attack on yemen can best be described as misguided . although the houthi movement 's rhetoric is unquestionably anti-american , it has not targeted any american interests . in fact , when the u.s. embassy packed up in sanaa in january , leaving a fleet of over 20 armored suvs behind at the airport , the houthis reportedly said they would round up the cars and deliver them to a u.n. representative in yemen . and while the houthis did not welcome the american presence in yemen , they did not interfere with u.s. operations against al qaeda in the country . but one of the biggest miscalculations has been that u.s. policy has adopted the saudi-gulf narrative on yemen , effectively placing saudi ambitions to control yemen above previous american priorities like destroying the safe haven for al qaeda there . indeed , the obama administration appears to have abandoned yemen to saudi machinations . this reality was underscored when u.s state department spokesperson jen psaki effectively endorsed saudi bombing , saying the `` saudis have legitimate concerns about the possible impact of current events in yemen on their security . '' the implication here seems to be that any country `` concerned '' about its neighbors can go ahead and bomb them , a view that risks creating a dangerous precedent . back in september , white house spokesman josh earnest described yemen as a success story in the war on terrorism , explaining that the u.s. priority in yemen was not to establish a `` jeffersonian democracy '' but to prevent yemen from becoming a safe-haven for al qaeda and affiliates . yet if that policy goal remains in place , then it must be acknowledged that the saudi war on yemen will not only undermine the u.s. aim of preventing al qaeda from making yemen a safe haven , but also undermine broader u.s. efforts in yemen . the reality is that saudi and gulf co-operation council jets are effectively acting as al qaeda 's air force by bombing the same group that had managed to uproot al qaeda from several yemeni regions . interestingly , while saudi arabia deployed about 100 aircraft against the houthis on the second day of its offensive , it reportedly deployed a mere four fighter jets in the early u.s.-led campaign against isis last year . regardless , the results of the saudi campaign are unlikely to be positive -- one only need look at the way a much smaller houthi force than today was able to outfox the saudi military back in 2009 . back then , houthi forces consisted of only a few hundred fighters , but they shocked the saudi army , reportedly capturing saudi equipment and forcing the evacuation of almost 250 saudi villages as it seized territory along the border . today , that ragtag group of houthi rebels has been replaced by a much larger group called ansarullah , modeled after lebanon 's hezbollah . back in 2009 , the rebels were limited to parts of the saada region and were self-funded , although yemen claimed they had minor assistance from the late libyan leader moammar gadhafi . yet despite this , they were still able to withstand some 90 days of saudi bombardment . today , the ansarullah group is receiving political , financial and military support from iran . already , the saudi government was forced to cancel flights to southern airports , and it has also reportedly suspended classes in schools in the border regions . the situation is only likely to deteriorate as the fighting continues . what should be done now ? saudi interests in yemen should not replace those of the united states . with this in mind , the obama administration should work to find an immediate political solution to the conflict , one that can be embraced by the various yemeni factions . a change in approach is essential not only because the saudi-led war on yemen is wrong and destined to fail , but because it might end up further opening the yemeni door to iran . but perhaps most importantly , by supporting a self-interested saudi campaign , the u.s. may actually empower an al qaeda with the potential still to do great harm to the united states .