( cnn ) the rev . robert h. schuller , california televangelist and founder of the television ministry `` hour of power , '' died thursday , according to his family . he was 88 years old . schuller , also the founder of crystal cathedral megachurch , had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013 , a release from `` hour of power '' said . `` my father-in-law passed away peacefully early this morning . he was a great dad and a great man of god , '' said schuller 's daughter-in-law , donna schuller , in a twitter message . schuller 's life followed an almost shakespearean arc . he was born in a iowa farmhouse without running water and longed to preach from his earliest days . in his autobiography , `` prayer : my soul 's adventure with god , '' he described standing alone by a river and picturing himself delivering sermons to a rapt congregation . after attending a hope college and western theological seminary in michigan , he met his wife of more than 60 years , arvella , while preaching at her church ( she was the organist ) . with their young family in tow , the schullers caravanned west to california , where he rented a drive-in theater and preached from the roof of the snack bar . it was beneath the dignity of christian ministry , some local pastors huffed . the `` passion pits '' where teenagers necked was no place for the gospel . schuller was undeterred , and he quickly outgrew the drive-in . he called the explosive growth of his tiny congregation a `` miracle , '' though his many mainstream critics had other names for it . his confident , breezy version of christianity -- too breezy , by some estimations -- drew hordes of seekers and lapsed christians who were put off by the hellfire fulminations of many post-war american preachers . schuller sold a softer , gentler message , which borrowed heavily , he acknowledged , from the father of the feel-good gospel , norman vincent peale . he preached not to convert or condemn people , but to encourage them , a sentiment he called `` possibility thinking . '' people loved it . `` evangelicalism at its best wants to be innovative and reach people , '' said timothy larsen , a professor of christian thought at wheaton college in illinois . `` and schuller was a master at that . '' `` what he got right is that the gospel is good news , '' larsen continued . `` and he preached an uplifting message about personal transformation and uplift and hope . '' some of schuller 's favored phrases , though , struck others as cornpone christianity . `` turn your hurt into a halo ? '' said randall balmer , a professor of american religious history at dartmouth college , citing one such phrase . `` that 's pretty weak tea . '' still , balmer gives schuller some credit . `` it may be bad theology , but it 's brilliant marketing . '' in 1970 , schuller began broadcasting `` hour of power , '' believed to be one of the first , if not the very first , sunday service to be shown regularly on television . with his genial smile , priestly robes and gray hair , he looked and talked like a guy who wanted nothing more than to see his flock succeed . the show , which ran for decades , reached millions , making schuller a televangelist before the term became tarnished by the sins of his many successors . schuller 's crowning achievement , at least architecturally , still stands in orange county , california , though it is now owned by the roman catholic church . the crystal cathedral , a great gleaming edifice with 10,000 glass panels , gave worshipers a look at the clouds that house the heavens , while schuller preached in the pulpit below . the message was clear to many : the road to the former ran through the latter . during the 1980s and 1990s , schuller 's star continued to rise , with presidents stopping by the crystal cathedral -- often during campaigns , it should be said -- and future megachurch pastors like rick warren and bill hybels seeking his advice . as schuller aged , though , his family was beset by a succession scandal straight from the pages of `` king lear . '' he tried to install his only son , bobby jr. , as pastor of crystal cathedral . but the preaching styles of father and son were too different for the congregation -- measured at times at 10,000 strong -- to countenance . bobby schuller jr. left `` hour of power '' and the pulpit at crystal cathedral after a short time . as the family searched for a new successor and tussled over finances , viewers and donations to the church and its television show dropped precipitously . crystal cathedral ministries filed for bankruptcy in 2010 , citing debts of more than $ 43 million , according to the associated press . schuller 's empire , which once soared as high as his glassy cathedral , had fallen to dust . eventually , schuller 's grandson , also named bobby , took over `` hour of power , '' though at a different church . in a statement on thursday , the younger schuller recalled standing atop crystal cathedral 's 12-story tower of hope with his grandfather as they surveyed the surrounding landscape . `` you could see the whole world from there , '' he said . people we 've lost in 2015 . cnn 's stella chan reported from los angeles .