( cnn ) thousands remain missing in nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on saturday . a majority of them are nepalese , indian and chinese residents , but a handful are adventurers , trekkers and vacationers who have not been heard from since the catastrophe . technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries , ask for help and search for their missing loved ones . several organizations , such as google and the red cross , have published features about the missing on their websites . and on cnn ireport , dozens of people have filed reports pleading for information that might help them locate their missing friends and relatives . the death toll in nepal is rising ; it has now surpassed more than 5,000 . though the news is mostly heartbreaking and worrisome , there have been stories of survival , of families reconnecting with loved ones days after the disaster . the walk of survival . after hearing about devastation in nepal , ahmed shadmann of bangladesh reached out to his nation 's embassy in nepal , made calls to old college contacts in south asia and posted pleas on social media to help find his younger sister raisaa tashnova . tashnova , 25 , was with a group of friends at the last resort , a spa-like resort near the border with china . when the earthquake struck , she was getting ready for a group excursion , a canyon swing . she could see the ground splitting apart beneath her feet . what scared her most was seeing large boulders crashing down from the mountains above . she prayed she would n't be crushed . she ran from the toppling boulders and shielded herself . when the tremors subsided , tashnova and her friends huddled together and camped on higher ground overnight , expecting to be rescued . when three days passed and no one came to their aid , the group decided to take their chances and leave the confines of the resort . the walk toward kathmandu was treacherous . the roads near the resort were mostly blocked or in bad shape because of a landslide . but the worst part was the smell of rotting flesh , which permeated the air as she passed countless villages flattened by the quake . `` it was a walk of survival , '' she said . `` my brain refused to feel anything apart from putting one leg before the other until the mountains were left behind . '' tashnova hiked six hours through mountainous terrain toward nepal 's capital . after navigating down tricky mountain slopes , she and her friends came across a village and hitched a ride on a local bus . she was able to connect with her family , nearly four days after the quake , from the airport in kathmandu while waiting for the next flight to bangladesh . she was exhausted . she had n't showered or slept since before the quake . when shadmann got the call from his sister , he said it felt fantastic . `` what was surprising is that her voice sounded very strong . it did n't seem like she had gone through a terrible episode in her life , '' he said . there was little information . dr. carol pineda and her husband , michael macdonald , of massachusetts , were vacationing in nepal when the quake struck . her brother , james pineda , got news of the disaster from a friend . it was n't until he heard the high casualty figures and reports about the avalanches that he started to get scared . he was prepared for the worst , knowing they were traveling to a himalayan base camp in nepal . but that was basically all he knew . james combed through what little information his sister left for him before the trip , but it did n't include the name of the tour group or the hotel where they were staying . he took to social media and started emailing and calling hiking groups that operated in nepal , but no one was getting back to him . on sunday , he managed to get inside his sister 's apartment in boston and find documents with information on the trekking company the pair were using . it was n't until that evening , after emailing the company , that he got a short reply saying that his sister and her husband were safe . but that was all the information he had , and he wanted to hear directly from his sister , so he took to twitter to see what other people were doing to track down loved ones . several strangers who were in the same location as the couple responded to his inquiries on social media , saying they were fine . `` it was incredible to see people that were stranded themselves over there wanting to help me . at least now we knew they were safe , '' he said . on monday , the couple left a voicemail for macdonald 's parents saying they were making their way to the kathmandu in hopes of catching a flight out . only one phone call left . janaki parajuli , a nepalese tour guide , was busy saturday morning , leading a tour group of 17 senior citizens -- nine americans , five canadians and three nepalese -- from kathmandu to tibet . they had stopped for lunch at liping village , just near the border , when the magnitude 7.8 quake struck . once the tremors eased , parajuli noticed that his cell phone had died . his connection with the outside world had vanished . worse , he had a group of older travelers and a short supply of food and water . one american in the group had an international cell phone , but its battery was quickly dying . unable to contact anyone in the area , parajuli made one last attempt , calling his daughter . thousands of miles away , in louisiana , jyotsna parajuli picked up that call . her father explained the situation : the roads were blocked and there was no way to get back to kathmandu or enter into tibet . the only way to escape was by helicopter . jyotsna learned from the u.s. embassy that a family had hired a private rescue team , working with the nepalese army , to rescue the stranded tourists by helicopter , but the team was unable to land because of bad weather . other rescue and relief operations in the region have faced similar weather issues . crews planning to help those desperately in need are having to wait for storms to subside . parajuli was told later that 23 people were rescued from the area and left on a bus headed for kathmandu , but she was n't sure if her father or his tour group were among them . `` all the people in the group are 60 years old or older . my dad said two americans in the group were sick because of the weather and altitude , and since the people were older , they could n't walk to help , '' she said . now she is anxiously waiting for the weather to clear , and hoping to hear her father 's voice again . if you are looking for someone , we invite you to share your story on cnn ireport . see scenes from nepal after the earthquake . cnn 's sarah brown and anne claire stapleton contributed to this report .