london ( cnn ) time 's running out for britons to decide who they 'll back , as polling booths prepare to open across the country in an election that could change the political landscape . it 's been a blink-and-you-miss-it campaign , especially by u.s. standards , where candidates can take years to finesse their messages . the election could result in the handing of power from david cameron 's conservative government to the labour party , led by ed miliband -- or a frenzy of wrangling from leaders as they attempt to forge alliances with smaller parties . but that 's all to come when polls close late thursday evening , local time . very strict rules govern the reporting of uk elections , but until they kick in , here are some things you should know -- who are the candidates , what are the issues , who 's likely to win , why bacon sandwiches matter , what is `` ukip '' and , if the queen is n't in charge , what does she do ? the queen does n't run britain . before we get on to the candidates , let 's dispel one common misconception . queen elizabeth ii is officially britain 's head of state , but she 's only nominally in charge . she signs off on legislation and appoints new prime ministers but has no real power , so no beheadings but maybe a few disapproving stares . officially , she 's politically neutral . the closest she apparently comes to expressing opinion is -- savor this image -- `` purring '' like a cat . visit : windsor castle , the queen 's country residence ( windsor and maidenhead ; +44 20 7766 7304 ) , royalcollection.org.uk/visit/windsorcastle . so who are they voting for ? duh , they 're voting for a new prime minister . well , actually no . in presidential elections americans vote in each state for `` electors , '' who support the candidate they want to lead the country . but in a uk parliamentary the vote is more indirectly aimed at appointing a new government . voters put their `` x '' next to the local stooge/aspiring public servant from whichever political party they support . votes are tallied by constituencies -- political fiefdoms , really -- some of which date back centuries to when britain was run by barons , or maybe even elves -- each with a seat in parliament . the party that wins most seats then gets to say who becomes prime minister , pending the final thumbs up from her majesty . of course , in reality , people may be swayed by party figureheads and see voting as a direct endorsement of their leadership , personality or -- true things -- their ability to eat bacon sandwiches and point at fish . visit : hampstead heath -- a beautiful north london green space that lies partly within the hampstead and kilburn constituency , likely to be one of the most hotly contested of the election . ( south hill park gardens , london ; +44 20 7332 3322 ) . is that a fair system ? kinda . but also kinda not , since it means a party can easily win power without winning the most votes . that 's because britain 's elections are run on a `` first-past-the-post '' basis . it 's an analogy that highlights how similar british politics is to horse racing , just with fewer doping scandals . here 's how it works : the elected parliament consists of 650 seats , each representing a different number of constituents -- anywhere between 21,000 and 110,000 . only the candidate who wins most votes in each constituency gets a seat . no prizes for second place . of course there have been reform demands from smaller parties stiffed by the system , but since they never win against the two main parties , they 're powerless to change anything . the centrist liberal democrats , for instance , had 6.8 million votes ( 23 % of the total ) at the last election , but won just 57 seats . the conservatives claimed 307 with just 10.7 million votes . visit : luskentyre beach , isle of harris . the stunning islands of the outer hebrides , off the western coast of mainland scotland , are part of the uk 's smallest constituency by voter numbers . visitscotland.com/info/towns-villages/luskentyre-sands . so who 's going to win ? british elections are typically viewed as a two-horse race -- an analogy that highlights how similar they are to races involving two horses , only with fewer horses . the prime candidates are incumbent david cameron , head of the center-right conservatives , and ed miliband , leader of the center-left labour party . opinion polls say there 's no clear favorite . that 'll mean -- as it did in 2010 -- that the spoils of victory could be claimed by whoever can successfully horse ( yes , horse ) trade to build a majority coalition alongside smaller parties . if that happens , eyes will be on the smaller parties including the scottish national party , the liberal democrats and the upstart uk independence party . ukip 's leader nigel farage is a political outsider who 's won support for being anti-immigration , anti-europe and pro-beer . his party is n't expected to win many seats , but it could result in some unlikely romancing -- as the last vote did when the libdems hopped into bed with the conservatives , much to the anger of some supporters . visit : ascot racecourse . enough with the horse analogies already . check out the real thing at the queen 's favorite track . high street , ascot , west berkshire , ascot.co.uk . what are the issues ? there 's the future of britain 's cherished yet financially challenged national health service -- the free medicare system that 's undergone so many botched political procedures in recent years , it can barely bring itself to take off the bandages . ukip 's rise has spurred uncomfortable cross-party pledges to beef up controls to end decades of population-swelling immigration , a concern , apparently , among britain 's descendants of viking , norman , roman and anglo-saxon invaders . there 's the economy -- how to tackle britain 's budget deficit and foster financial recovery ( without relying on the cheap immigrant labor that the politicians want to stop entering . ) and there 's europe -- another ukip-generated issue that has forced the main parties into posturing against the european union , even though many supporters suspect withdrawing would be disastrous , not just for the economy , but for future fish-pointing opportunities . visit : the white cliffs of dover , a potent symbol that marks britain 's frontier with the rest of the world . dover , kent ; +44 1304 207326 , whitecliffsofdover.co.uk . think this all sounds too boring for words ? you 're not the only one , which is a major problem for the politicians seeking election . political apathy is on the rise in the uk , with many younger voters expressing disillusionment with party leaders they say are out of touch and barely distinguishable from one another , even if one `` looks like a panda '' and the other a `` pink condom . '' it does n't help the politicians ' cause when popular comedians such as russell brand denounce voting in favor of an as-yet unspecified `` revolution . '' however , he later changed his mind after meeting miliband , and urged people to vote labour . still , uk elections are n't without their entertainment -- most notably provided by fringe candidates . from 1963 until 1995 , a feature of every vote count was screaming lord sutch , an odd-looking pop star whose official monster raving loony party campaigned for many lost causes that later became reality , such as commercial radio and the scrapping of dog licenses . in the 2010 election other eccentric candidates included lord biro , who campaigned on policies that included the appointment of bono as pope . mad cap'n tom also pledged to train schoolchildren in `` swordsmanship and gunnery '' by imposing a 50 % tax on downloads of cheryl cole songs `` because i hate cheryl cole . '' whatever their motivation , come election night when they get their moment on stage with serious political rivals , they often get better laughs than brand . visit : margate . this charming english seaside town is where farage will be standing for election . among his opponents is al murray -- a comedian whose boorish stage character , `` pub landlord , '' shares many of the ukip leader 's views . ( +44 1843 577577 ) , visitthanet.co.uk/destinations/margate .