london ( cnn ) ever written yourself a note , stuffed it in your pocket and headed out into the world only to discover that , somewhere along your journey , the piece of paper has disappeared ? if you live in the uk , there 's a small chance that note has found its way into the hands of 23-year-old daisy bentley . for the past six years , the london-based artist has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for those odd bits of paper that flutter to the ground when their owners are n't looking . her quest has uncovered a fascinating , if idiosyncratic , collection of shopping lists , reminders , requests , love notes and motivational musings , all poignant pieces of others ' lives . and now a gallery in london has put a selection on display for the public . `` i was n't intending to start a collection , '' she told cnn . `` i always naturally collected things -- as many artists do -- and it got to the point that i was picking up every one i saw . now i can barely walk down a street without picking up a scrap of paper . '' bentley began collecting them six years ago after a note caught her eye one rainy night on a walk in her home town of norwich , england . it 's something she confesses has been a lifelong love -- keepsakes ranging from her mother 's cutlery to her own dead goldfish have ended up carefully preserved in her collection for posterity . the notes project , she says , is a culmination of keeping her eyes on the sidewalk and spotting the little things that most people would n't notice as they walked down the street . `` i get very odd looks from strangers , '' she admits , `` but since i 've made friends and families aware of the project , they get very excited when i find one while out with them . '' and while some dismiss such behavior as hoarding , bentley feels it is part of human nature to hold on to items , no matter how small or insignificant they may seem . `` humans want to collect and show to others , '' she says . `` they want to share and learn from the things they have found . '' she says her collecting has led to interesting anthropological insights into the human condition . one of her favorite observations is the evolution of handwriting over the past few decades , from the beautiful copperplate penmanship of the '70s to modern teen girl love notes with hearts dotting i 's and multiple exclamation marks . more recently , the note collection has led to an exhibition at stour space gallery in london 's hackney wick , where bentley works as a shop and studio manager . it showcases a small part of her 1,500-strong collection . the decision to display the notes came in part from a desire to put them back into the public space . `` i always wanted to showcase them , to see what people 's reactions were and if anyone would come forward , '' she said . so far two note owners -- one a colleague from the gallery and one an employee from a pub whose beer coasters she had found on her quest -- have revealed themselves as owners of notes . bentley gave them framed prints as a thank you . and while some may find the notion of handwritten notes quaint , as social media and smartphones begin to replace handwriting , bentley says she finds the note collection an interesting way for an artist to explore people 's lives . `` technology is useful , but sometimes the simplest ways are still the best , '' she said . `` i still usually draw a map rather than relying on technology to get to a place -- and many people are just the same . ''