( cnn ) the nfl draft begins on april 30 , and while the tampa bay buccaneers are on the clock with the no . 1 overall pick , the clock is still ticking for another team -- the new england patriots -- as they await the results of the `` deflategate '' investigation , which has already lasted more than three months . in january , the nfl launched an investigation into the patriots to determine why 11 of the 12 game balls they provided for the afc championship game were underinflated . the league hired attorney ted wells -- who also investigated the miami dolphins bullying scandal -- to run the investigation . jeff pash , the nfl 's executive vice president and chief counsel , is assisting wells in the effort . the league has also retained renaissance associates , an investigatory firm with sophisticated forensic expertise , to assist in reviewing electronic and video information . but three months later , it 's still not clear when the investigation will be completed and when the findings will be announced . `` we have not put a time frame on ted wells , '' nfl commissioner roger goodell said march 25 . `` we asked him to be thorough , complete and when he is finished with that -- he 'll give that to us and to the public in general . '' on monday , cnn reached out to wells and the nfl for an update on the investigation but has not heard back . on january 18 , the patriots beat the indianapolis colts 45-7 to advance to the super bowl . they scored 28 of their points in the second half -- after game officials had pumped the balls back up to their regulation pressure -- so it 's unlikely that the ball pressure made much difference in the outcome of the game . in february , colts general manager ryan grigson said at the nfl combine in indianapolis that prior to the afc championship game , his team notified the league of its concerns about the footballs . `` we went into the game , we had some issues , but we are going to do what we can and that 's to participate with the league and the investigation and wait until the wells report comes out , '' grigson said february 19 . `` we really have no other recourse than to wait until that investigation comes out . '' each team provides a dozen footballs to the referee for testing two hours and 15 minutes before kickoff . the home team also supplies 12 backup balls , and for outdoor games , the visiting team has the option of bringing another 12 balls . nfl rules state the referee `` shall be the sole judge as to whether all balls offered for play comply with these specifications . a pump is to be furnished by the home club , and the balls shall remain under the supervision of the referee until they are delivered to the ball attendant just prior to the start of the game . '' the ball attendant brings the footballs to the field , and ball boys keep them on the sideline . it 's been speculated that deflated footballs are easier to grip for the quarterback and receivers . however , there is n't a consensus by players on that view . the day after the afc championship game , patriots quarterback tom brady called the accusation of using deflated footballs `` ridiculous . '' a few days later , he told reporters he has always played by the rules . following a practice on january 24 , patriots head coach bill belichick said that the patriots try to do everything right . `` at no time was there any intent whatsoever to try to compromise the integrity of the game or to gain an advantage , '' belichick said at the time . `` quite the opposite , we feel like we follow the rules of the game to the letter in our preparations , in our procedures . '' after arriving in arizona for super bowl xlix , patriots owner robert kraft said he expects the nfl to apologize if the investigation does not uncover any wrongdoing . `` many jump to conclusions and made strong accusations against our coach , quarterback , and staff questioning the integrity of all involved , '' kraft said then . `` if the wells investigation is not able to definitely determine that our organization tampered with the air pressure in the footballs , i would expect and hope the league would apologize to our entire team and in particular coach belichick and tom brady for what they have had to endure this past week . '' in terms of punishment , the patriots could be fined and/or docked a draft pick . after spygate in 2007 -- where the patriots illegally videotaped the new york jets defensive coaches ' signals -- the league took away a patriots first-round draft pick , fined the team $ 250,000 and fined belichick $ 500,000 . however , it 's not expected that the punishment would be that serious for deflategate . in march , two other teams were punished by the nfl for different rules violations . cleveland browns general manager ryan farmer admitted to using his phone to text the browns staffers during games during the 2014 season . it 's against the rules to use certain electronic devices during games . farmer will be suspended without pay for the first four regular-season games of the 2015 season , and the browns were fined $ 250,000 . during the suspension , farmer can not be involved in any team matters and is prohibited from being at the browns ' offices , practice facility or at browns games . according to the league , there was no evidence in the nfl 's review that browns ownership or any other team executives had knowledge of the prohibited conduct . the atlanta falcons acknowledged the use of prerecorded crowd noise , which is also a violation of nfl rules , during home games in the 2013 and into the 2014 season . the rule states that `` at no point during the game can artificial crowd noise or amplified crowd noise be played in the stadium . '' the falcons were fined $ 350,000 and lose their fifth-round draft pick in the 2016 nfl draft . the league 's investigation found that the falcons ' former director of event marketing was directly responsible , but that senior executives , including team president rich mckay , were unaware of the use of the piped-in crowd noise . still , mckay was suspended from the nfl competition committee starting april 1 . starting june 30 , he can petition goodell for reinstatement to the committee . as to what happens to the patriots , and when , it 's still anyone 's guess . but goodell has previously stated that a violation of rules will be taken seriously . `` whenever there is a charge potentially of the violations of our rules , we take it very seriously and that 's our obligation , '' goodell said in march . `` that 's our obligation to the other 31 clubs . ted wells will be going through the report . if there is anything that we as a league did incorrectly we will know about it in that report . '' what the heck is deflategate ?