( cnn ) if you 've been following the news lately , there are certain things you doubtless know about mohammad javad zarif . he is , of course , the iranian foreign minister . he has been u.s. secretary of state john kerry 's opposite number in securing a breakthrough in nuclear discussions that could lead to an end to sanctions against iran -- if the details can be worked out in the coming weeks . and he received a hero 's welcome as he arrived in iran on a sunny friday morning . `` long live zarif , '' crowds chanted as his car rolled slowly down the packed street . you may well have read that he is `` polished '' and , unusually for one burdened with such weighty issues , `` jovial . '' an internet search for `` mohammad javad zarif '' and `` jovial '' yields thousands of results . he certainly has gone a long way to bring iran in from the cold and allow it to rejoin the international community . but there are some facts about zarif that are less well-known . here are six : in september 2013 , zarif tweeted `` happy rosh hashanah , '' referring to the jewish new year . that prompted christine pelosi , the daughter of house minority leader nancy pelosi , to respond with a tweet of her own : `` thanks . the new year would be even sweeter if you would end iran 's holocaust denial , sir . '' and , perhaps to her surprise , pelosi got a response . `` iran never denied it , '' zarif tweeted back . `` the man who was perceived to be denying it is now gone . happy new year . '' the reference was likely to former iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad , who had left office the previous month . zarif was nominated to be foreign minister by ahmadinejad 's successor , hassan rouhami . his foreign ministry notes , perhaps defensively , that `` due to the political and security conditions of the time , he decided to continue his education in the united states . '' that is another way of saying that he was outside the country during the demonstrations against the shah of iran , which began in 1977 , and during the iranian revolution , which drove the shah from power in 1979 . zarif left the country in 1977 , received his undergraduate degree from san francisco state university in 1981 , his master 's in international relations from the university of denver in 1984 and his doctorate from the university of denver in 1988 . both of his children were born in the united states . the website of the iranian foreign ministry , which zarif runs , can not even agree with itself on when he was born . the first sentence of his official biography , perhaps in a nod to the powers that be in tehran , says zarif was `` born to a religious traditional family in tehran in 1959 . '' later on the same page , however , his date of birth is listed as january 8 , 1960 . and the iranian diplomacy website says he was born in in 1961 . so he is 54 , 55 or maybe even 56 . whichever , he is still considerably younger than his opposite number , kerry , who is 71 . the feds investigated him over his alleged role in controlling the alavi foundation , a charitable organization . the u.s. justice department said the organization was secretly run on behalf of the iranian government to launder money and get around u.s. sanctions . but last year , a settlement in the case , under which the foundation agreed to give a 36-story building in manhattan along with other properties to the u.s. government , did not mention zarif 's name . early in the iranian revolution , zarif was among the students who took over the iranian consulate in san francisco . the aim , says the website iranian.com -- which cites zarif 's memoirs , titled `` mr . ambassador '' -- was to expel from the consulate people who were not sufficiently islamic . later , the website says , zarif went to make a similar protest at the iranian mission to the united nations . in response , the iranian ambassador to the united nations offered him a job . in fact , he has now spent more time with kerry than any other foreign minister in the world . and that amount of quality time will only increase as the two men , with help from other foreign ministers as well , try to meet a june 30 deadline for nailing down the details of the agreement they managed to outline this week in switzerland .