western australia ( cnn ) many australians are understandably appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of andrew chan and myuran sukumaran . the death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times , but to kill two people who had clearly made the most of their long periods of incarceration to transform themselves and make amends for their actions looks gratuitous and cruel . consequently , indonesia 's actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states -- or , more accurately , to those who control the coercive apparatus of the state at any particular moment . as german sociologist max weber pointed out , one of the key features of an effective state is that it has a monopoly over the legitimate use of violence . state officials can order people to be killed because -- especially in democracies -- we authorize them to do so . we can give no more significant power to another human being than to decide who lives or who dies . and yet even where that authority is deemed legitimate -- as is clearly the case in indonesia -- its significance is only seriously considered at moments like this , when the very personal circumstances of some of its victims become the stuff of popular commentary and media interest . less prominent victims of state-sanctioned violence often go entirely unremarked . however disappointed we may be in the actions of indonesian president joko widodo -- in whom so many inside and outside indonesia have invested such hopes as a progressive force -- he can make a couple of claims in his defense . first , widodo -- popularly known as jokowi -- is indonesia 's elected leader and is fulfilling his promise to crack down on what he and many other indonesians see as a problem . indonesia 's domestic political context and the need to be seen as not giving favorable treatment to foreigners left him very little room to maneuver . this is not a justification for his actions , but it helps to explain why he was so impervious to pleas for mercy . whatever we may think about the underlying principles and administration of justice in indonesia , at least jokowi can claim that it is essentially a domestic issue . we may not like indonesia 's laws , but they are being applied even-handedly within national borders where state officials have authority . significantly , it is those same national borders that demarcate the extent of indonesia 's leaders ability -- or even desire , perhaps -- to use their capacity for state-sanctioned violence . other countries -- including australia -- have no such inhibitions and regularly kill perfectly innocent civilians in the course of one conflict or another . this propensity for the application of state-sanctioned violence seems especially germane when we consider another president about whom great things were expected , but who has inevitably disappointed . after the unilateralism of george w. bush , barack obama was widely predicted to be a very different sort of president and one who would not make the sort of catastrophic strategic miscalculations of his predecessor . paradoxically enough , though , while obama has been widely criticized for a lack of decisiveness and unwillingness to commit more american forces to the middle east , this has done nothing to curb the use of state-sanctioned violence . on the contrary , the use of drone strikes has become a key part of america 's continuing war on terror . it is unsurprising , perhaps , that a cerebral and reflective leader as obama is should be attracted to drones as a weapon of choice . unlike jokowi , obama does n't have to confront the personal narratives of the people who die at his command . or he does n't unless they 're american citizens , at least . the recent death of an american hostage during a recent drone strike highlights the potential for `` collateral damage '' . are these cases comparable ? yes and no . widodo 's executions were cold-blooded , unnecessary and highly political . obama clearly was not intending to kill americans , and this has only become an issue because one of the hostages actually was . however , dozens of entirely innocent women and children from other countries are routinely killed in such strikes with little comment . the key point is that we are collectively responsible for such deaths at some level or another , especially if our leaders and state officials carry them out . do good intentions justify one death and not another ? perhaps . would we encourage the state to kill a thousand innocents if it meant eliminating hitler ? almost certainly . would we authorize a drone strike to kill isis leader abu bakr al-baghdad if we thought a couple of passers-by might die , too ? perhaps . would we permit the state to execute people ? not any longer in australia , at least . but before we congratulate ourselves on how civilized and humane we 've become , perhaps we should pause to consider the violence that is still being inflicted on perfectly innocent people around the world in our collective name . what was done in the name of the indonesian state was undoubtedly awful , futile and reprehensible . whether our moral calculus is quite so self-evidently superior is not quite so clear . copyright 2015 the conversation . some rights reserved .