( cnn ) remember the tuskegee syphilis experiment from the 1930s ? scientists studied poor african-americans in alabama who 'd contracted the venereal disease but did n't tell them they had the disease or do anything to cure them . a lawsuit filed this week alleges johns hopkins university and the rockefeller foundation helped conduct a similar study in guatemala from 1945 to 1956 . orphans , inmates , psychiatric patients and prostitutes were deliberately infected with sexually transmitted diseases to determine what drugs , including penicillin , worked best in stopping the diseases , the lawsuit says . the subjects of the experiments were n't told they 'd been infected , the lawsuit says , causing some to die and others to pass the disease to their spouses , sexual partners and children . the suit seeks more than $ 1 billion in damages and has 774 plaintiffs , including people who were subjects in the experiments and their descendants . this is the second attempt to collect damages . in 2012 , a class-action federal lawsuit was filed against the u.s. government over the guatemala experiments conducted by the u.s. public health service . a judge dismissed it , saying the guatemalans could not sue the united states for grievances that happened overseas . the new lawsuit was filed in the baltimore city circuit court . johns hopkins and the rockefeller foundation filed statements on their websites condemning the experiments , but denying responsibility . `` the plaintiffs ' essential claim in this case is that prominent johns hopkins faculty members ' participation on a government committee that reviewed funding applications was tantamount to conducting the research itself and that therefore johns hopkins should be held liable , '' the johns hopkins statement said . `` neither assertion is true . '' the lawsuit alleges the rockefeller foundation funded johns hopkins ' research into public health issues , including venereal disease , and employed scientists who monitored the guatemala experiments . the lawsuit , the rockefeller foundation statement said , `` seeks improperly to assign ' guilt by association ' in the absence of compensation from the united states federal government . '' the suit says johns hopkins and the rockefeller foundation designed , supported and benefited from the guatemala experiments . bristol-myers squibb pharmaceutical group and that company 's owner , mead johnson , also are defendants . the pharmaceutical company supplied drugs for the experiments , the suit says . on saturday , a spokeswoman for bristol-myers squibb sent this statement to cnn : `` we 've only just received the complaint in this matter . bristol-myers squibb played an important role in the development of penicillin in the past and today we continue to focus our work on developing breakthrough medicines for serious disease . as a company dedicated to patients , we take this matter very seriously and are reviewing the allegations . '' nobody doubts the experiments happened . in 2010 , then-secretary of state hillary clinton apologized to guatemala for the experiments , saying they were `` clearly unethical . '' in the 1930s and 1940s , the government followed a policy of funding scientific medical research but not controlling individual doctors , the suit says . the lawsuit says john hopkins controlled and influenced the appointed panels that authorized funding for research into venereal disease . the lawsuit says prostitutes were infected to intentionally spread the disease and that syphilis spirochetes were injected into the spinal fluid of subjects . a woman in a psychiatric hospital had gonorrhea pus from a male subject injected into both her eyes , the suit says . the lawsuit does n't say why the experiments ended . the results were never published and were not revealed until 2011 , when the presidential commission for the study of bioethical issues wrote a letter to president barack obama telling of its investigation , the suit says . cnn 's deanna hackney contributed to this report .