panama city ( cnn ) this was the handshake that shook the western hemisphere . president obama briefly met his cuban counterpart , raul castro , on friday night at a dinner for the dozens of latin american leaders convening in panama city for the summit of the americas . this was historic . the two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years . the meeting was so important that bernadette meehan , national security council spokesperson , issued a statement : `` at the summit of the americas this evening , president obama and president castro greeted each other and shook hands . '' cuba and the united states had endured a half-century of enmity , the tension worsened by the two nations being only 90 miles apart . key events of those years include some of the most traumatic in modern u.s. history , such as the cuban missile crisis , the bay of pigs and the mariel boatlift of 1980 . but the two leaders have been building up to the historic face-to-face . obama spoke by phone wednesday with the cuban leader before heading to panama . they met friday at the dinner and are expected to spend a lot more time together on saturday when the summit begins in earnest . obama arrived in panama late thursday for the conference , which in years past was tinged with animosity at cuba 's exclusion . moments after marine one , obama 's helicopter , touched down in panama city , castro 's plane landed on the same tarmac . panamanian television carried both arrivals live . during their phone call wednesday , obama and castro discussed the ongoing process of normalizing relations between the united states and cuba , according to deputy national security adviser ben rhodes . he said it `` made sense '' for the two leaders to communicate before their anticipated interactions friday and saturday . those run-ins will represent the highest-level talks between the united states and cuba since a meeting between then-vice president richard nixon and then-prime minister fidel castro in 1959 . `` we 're in new territory here , '' rhodes said on friday . `` the reason we 're here is that the president strongly believes that an approach that was focused totally on isolation , focused totally on seeking to cut off the cuban people from the united states of america had failed . '' obama was expecting a warm welcome from the dozens of countries represented at the conference , after announcing in december he was seeking to engage havana in talks over reopening embassies and removing barriers to commerce and travel . in panama , obama is expected to announce he 's removing cuba from the united states ' list of countries that sponsor terrorism , a major advance in building diplomatic ties between the two countries . the state department delivered its report on the designation to the white house on wednesday ; obama said on thursday a panel of experts was reviewing it before he makes a final determination . the white house is n't ruling out a final decision before obama leaves panama late saturday night . in remarks during a brief stopover in jamaica on thursday , obama strongly hinted he was ready to remove cuba from the list , which also includes iran , sudan and syria . `` throughout this process , our emphasis has been on the facts , '' obama said . `` so we want to make sure that given that this is a powerful tool to isolate those countries that genuinely do support terrorism , that when we make those designations we 've got strong evidence that , in fact , that 's the case . '' `` as circumstances change , then that list will change as well , '' he said . while some inside cuba have expressed dissatisfaction at the pace of the diplomatic thaw , u.s. officials say they 're pleased at the progress toward re-establishing diplomatic ties , which the white house argues has helped improve relations with other countries in the region . obama said in jamaica he `` never foresaw that immediately overnight everything would transform itself . '' the overtures to cuba have not been universally popular in the united states ; some lawmakers were irate that obama was seeking to engage what they regard as a corrupt government . even as obama landed in panama the long-standing tensions between pro- and anti-castro activists was on full display . dissidents opposed to castro 's regime were violently accosted earlier this week by supporters of the cuban government . rhodes said the white house had `` expressed serious concerns '' about the violence and would continue to speak in support of human rights reforms on the island .