( cnn ) two people , one of them a licensed greyhound trainer , have been arrested in australia after at least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in queensland bush , according to australian media reports . two bundaberg residents , a 71-year old man and a 64-year old woman , were each charged with one count of unlawful possession of a firearm , broadcaster abc reported . the woman , a licensed trainer , was also charged with obstructing police . michael beatty , spokesman for rspca queensland , told abc that inquiries were continuing . the animal rights organization is assisting queensland police in their investigation . `` a lot of people in the area who were involved in the greyhound industry were questioned , and it was as a result of information given to us that the joint queensland police service and rspca investigation team made those arrests , '' he said . at a press conference thursday , queensland police minister jo-ann miller described the discovery of the carcasses , which followed a tip-off from a member of the public , as sickening . `` what i believe has happened here has been the mass murder of 55 greyhounds outside of bundaberg , '' she said . she promised a zero tolerance approach to animal abuse . `` the people who have perpetrated this crime , to me , are oxygen thieves , they are cowards and they are pathetic . '' detective superintendent mark ainsworth said the crime scene was `` nothing short of abhorrent . '' `` some of the greyhounds were in different states of decay and that would sort of indicate to us that they 've been dumped there over varying periods of time , '' he said . `` the postmortem will reveal the cause of death of these dogs . however i will comment that a number of spent .22 cartridge shells were found in the vicinity . '' he said there had been a number of bushfires in the area surrounding the dumping site , which would also be factored into the investigation . beatty said it appeared the dogs would have been culled by people involved in greyhound racing . `` there 's always been a lot of wastage in the greyhound industry , '' he said in a statement . `` the indications are that these may just be young dogs that did n't have the speed , basically . but that 's really all we know . '' australia 's greyhound racing industry has been under intense scrutiny since a television investigation revealing the illegal use of live bait in training dogs aired in february . the investigation , on the abc network , showed footage of trainers fixing live possums , piglets and rabbits to lures to be chased and mauled to death by dogs , prompting a wave of bans and suspensions from the sport . australians wager au $ 4 billion ( $ 3.03 billion ) a year on greyhound racing , according to the abc report . ainsworth said the queensland police had established a joint taskforce with the rspca to investigate the industry in the wake of the report . `` we 've not even tipped the iceberg as yet , '' he said , appealing for those involved in the industry to come forward . `` you know who you are , you know what you 've been involved in , and now is the time to stand up and be counted , '' he said . `` it will only be a matter of time before we get around to knocking on everyone 's door . '' racing queensland did not respond to a request for comment . cnn 's chieu luu contributed to this report .