( cnn ) '' my son served in the army for four years . in iraq . he served because we love our country . as we should . now look at us ? '' muna mansour is gesturing around her at the slatted cargo hold she and her family -- all nine of them -- are trying to get comfortable in . they 're squeezed in with two other families . on the ground by my feet , muna 's middle grandchild is sleeping , curled up beside an oil drum . `` there 's nowhere to sleep , there 's no food -- you can see how people are just thrown around all over the place , '' she said . muna is from buffalo in upstate new york . her family is among the dozens of americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in yemen . and although many other countries evacuated their citizens , india most notably ferrying out around 5,000 , the united states has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate american nationals . for more than three weeks , neighboring saudi arabia has been conducting airstrikes in yemen . they want to drive out the shiite houthi rebels , whose opposition to the government grew from protests to a takeover of government buildings and some territory . at one time , the houthis held yemen 's president under house arrest , before he escaped and fled . the bombings have decimated some cities , including aden , and foreigners find themselves trapped . `` i was there when the indians picked up 200 of their people from the port . it was embarrassing . we were just sitting there waiting for someone to come and say ' ok where are the americans , let 's pick them up , ' `` she said . `` i called the riyadh embassy , '' she adds , referring to the u.s. embassy in neighboring saudi arabia . `` i told them there were about 75 families here waiting at the port . my family has been waiting there for two weeks . we ran out of money , we ran out of food . '' the state department said it is too risky to conduct an evacuation of citizens from the area . `` we have to make a decision based on the security situation and what is feasible to do , '' state department spokeswoman marie harf said earlier this month . `` and given the situation in yemen is quite dangerous and unpredictable , doing something like sending in military assets even for an evacuation could put u.s. citizen lives at greater risk . '' a group of u.s. organizations , including the council on american-islamic relations and the american-arab anti-discrimination league , have filed a lawsuit against the state department and defense department over the government 's stance on evacuations . it was purely coincidence that led to muna being on board this ship , a wooden vessel chartered by cnn to reach the port city of aden , in yemen . muna was visiting her sick father in aden when fighting broke out around her . with the houthi forces to the north and the waters of the gulf of aden to the south , the city is essentially besieged . it took us over 30 hours of travel -- and a lull in the fighting -- for us to be able to dock at one of aden 's smaller ports . she has a `` nice , normal life '' in new york and said she could n't wait to get back . our ship was the first the port had seen in over a week . we agreed to take back 60 refugees -- including 15 americans -- who had gathered at the port 's gate when news of our arrival spread . but of course that 's nowhere near enough . so many more are desperate to leave . i asked muna what life in aden was like . `` my daughter-in-law would crouch down and hide in the kitchen , '' she recalls . `` it was just bombs all the time . gunshots . people running down the street . '' she trails off into silence . for everyone here with us on the boat , there are families left behind . mothers and fathers . daughters and sons . the first night on board our boat had an almost festive air . our new passengers were laughing and sharing cigarettes , euphoric at their escape . one woman though was sitting alone on deck and i realized she was crying . she told me her 15-year-old son was trapped on the other side of one of the many front lines that are now etched into the city 's streets . they 'd waited for 10 days , but neither her son nor her parents could cross over to the port , in al tawahi district . too scared to risk missing the boat and endangering the lives of their other three children , her husband had convinced her to board . when they called to tell her son he also had news for them : he 'd joined the fight against the houthi forces . for muna , her ordeal ended at djibouti port where christina higgins , the u.s. deputy chief of mission , was among the embassy staff waiting to meet them . i asked higgins about the sense of abandonment muna and many of the other americans trapped in yemen said they felt . `` we have one of the branches of al qaeda that 's especially active . there 's the houthis -- neither of these two groups friendly to u.s. citizens . we 've had to weigh very , very carefully what is the safest way , the best way for us to help them . '' higgins said ultimately each u.s. citizen is going to have to judge what is best for themselves and their families . `` for many u.s. citizens , that 's going to mean sheltering in place . for other u.s. citizens , we 're actively working at getting information to them on different avenues for travel out of yemen . '' watching them hand out cookies , water and phones to reassure those waiting at home , it 's clear the staff here are overjoyed to have some of their citizens safe and sound . there are many more though of course who are still in danger . there are no definitive records , but the 15 americans on board our ship said they had counted 75 more families waiting in aden port who could n't afford an `` exit/transport '' fee being charged to depart aden . in this time of crisis , the $ 300-a-person fee was n't an official tax , but something that local fishermen were charging to ferry passengers to the boat to board . that 's 75 more families waiting for another happy coincidence to dock at aden 's deserted ports .