( cnn ) a freshly fallen tree in the roadway was jason warnock 's first clue . warnock was driving through a canyon in lewiston , idaho , on wednesday when he saw the tree , then looked up to see an suv dangling over the edge of a cliff . the only thing holding the gmc yukon and its terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled chain-link fence , still clinging to the earth above bryden canyon road . `` i seen that guy hanging there and he was trying to beat the window out or the door open and i was like ' oh man , ' 'cause only like five links were hanging there , '' warnock told kxly , a cnn affiliate . `` i was like , i got ta do something and no one was doing anything . '' what warnock did next , captured in a dramatic photo by lewiston tribune photographer barry kough , made headlines around the world . warnock dashed from his car and scrambled up a hill to the yukon and its driver , 23-year-old matthew sitko , who appeared to be in shock . `` i got up there and i was like , ' are you alright man ? ' he shook his head , yeah . i grabbed my snap-on multi-tool and it had jagged edges on each end . i hit the window three times and it did n't break . every time i hit it , the thing rocked like it was going to fall off , '' warnock told kxly . sitko was finally able to get the passenger-side window down . warnock then reached in and pulled sitko out to safety -- a moment recorded by kough 's camera . then warnock disappeared . `` i left and got out of there before anyone knew who i was , '' he said . he remained an unknown good samaritan , his identity a mystery , until kough 's picture of the daring rescue appeared in the lewiston paper and spread across the internet . `` i do n't feel like i deserve any credit or anything , '' warnock said . `` i just did what anyone would do , went right back to work . '' thanks to warnock , sitko went to the hospital with just minor injuries . `` the lewiston police department would like to thank jason warnock for his quick and decisive actions in helping mr. sitko and preventing the situation from worsening , '' said roger lanier , the interim police chief . warnock told kxly he did n't want or expect all the attention and would rather be fishing in the mountains than reading about himself .