( cnn ) saudi special forces assisted yemeni fighters targeting houthis and their allies in aden , a saudi source told cnn . the special forces were on the ground in noncombat roles `` coordinating and guiding '' the battle against houthi forces and fighters loyal to former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh , the source said . they also have helped parachute in weapons and communications equipment . houthi rebels , meanwhile , withdrew from the presidential palace and other key parts of the southern port city of aden following heavy saudi airstrikes , according to the source . the withdrawal signaled a reversal from rebel gains the previous day , when houthi forces seized the presidential palace . president abdu rabu mansour hadi , who fled the country last month , had stayed for a period of time after houthis secured control of the capital , sanaa , in january . houthis had controlled most large districts in aden amid ongoing clashes . the latest action heats up an already intense conflict that could have ramifications across the middle east . if the saudi-led coalition of nine countries takes the fight to the ground in yemen , the consequences could be severe . houthis are battle-hardened guerrilla fighters and could cross into saudi arabia . they 've already threatened suicide bomb attacks inside saudi arabia . yemen , already the home base to al qaeda in the arabian peninsula , teeters on the brink of becoming a failed state and an even more fertile breeding ground for extremism . the united nations , citing reports from humanitarian partners , said 519 people have been killed and nearly 1,700 others wounded in the past two weeks . tens of thousands of people have fled their homes and sought refuge in djibouti and somalia , valerie amos , under-secretary-general and emergency relief coordinator , said in a statement . two humanitarian workers were killed friday in yemen . the brothers working for the local branch of the yemen red crescent society were shot in aden while evacuating wounded people to a waiting ambulance , the international committee of the red cross reported . they were identified as khaled ahmed bahuzaim and mohammed ahmed bahuzaim . two saudi border guards were killed friday after an exchange of fire with houthi rebels along the kingdom 's frontier with yemen , officials told cnn . a border guard was killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants , the saudi press agency reported thursday . that marked saudi arabia 's first publicly known military death since it launched airstrikes against rebels inside its southern neighbor . u.s. navy warships were patrolling off yemen in search of suspicious shipping in the region , in particular any weapons shipments from iran to the houthi rebels they are supporting in yemen , a u.s. defense official told cnn on thursday . the navy this week came across a panamanian-registered cargo ship that had left an iranian port , the official said . based on the route of the ship from iran to yemen , the navy declared it a `` vessel of interest '' and requested permission from the captain to search it . the ship was found to be carrying cement and construction materials , the official said . it was sent on its way . the offshore area has been a route for weapons smuggling into yemen , as well as sudan and gaza , so the navy has maintained a regular surveillance presence there . the official said that increased fighting in the last several days in southern yemen has resulted in other ships trying to dock to help civilians leave the country . saudi and allied warplanes struck rebels in yemen last week , with saudi arabia threatening to send ground troops and inserting itself into its southern neighbor 's civil war . the swift and sudden action involved 100 saudi jets , 30 from the united arab emirates , 15 each from kuwait and bahrain , 10 from qatar , and a handful from jordan , morocco and sudan , plus naval help from pakistan and egypt , according to a saudi adviser . the houthi rebels are shiite muslims who have taken over sanaa and had captured parts of its second-largest city , aden . the sunni saudis consider the houthis proxies for the shiite government of iran and fear another shiite-dominated state in the region . officials : al qaeda fighters free 270 from yemeni prisons . cnn 's barbara starr contributed to this report .