tokyo ( cnn ) a japanese court has issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors in the west of the country , citing safety concerns , a court official told cnn . japan 's nuclear watchdog , the nuclear regulation authority , had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 of the kansai electric power company 's takahama nuclear plant . but locals successfully petitioned the court in fukui prefecture , where the plant is located , raising concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake . japan 's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the fukushima disaster in 2011 , when a tsunami triggered by a massive earthquake sent a wall of water crashing into the power plant . since then , the island nation has imported greater amounts of expensive natural gas and coal to meet its energy needs . japanese prime minister shinzo abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy , arguing it is essential to the country 's economic recovery to reduce the skyrocketing utility bills associated with energy imports . but opinion polls have consistently shown public opposition to a nuclear restart . keith henry , managing director of tokyo-based asia strategy , which advises businesses on japanese public policy issues , says the decision will force abe to rethink the economics of his energy policy . `` that was a body blow [ for abe ] because it 's no longer a political issue , it 's a legal issue . it changes the calculus and the dynamics , '' he said . `` it 's now in the courts . and the government is powerless to do anything about it . '' read more : power company abandons robot stranded inside fukushima plant . anti-nuclear activists celebrated following the fukui district court 's decision in their favor tuesday . the nuclear plant operator had argued in court that the plant was safe , meeting heightened safety regulations introduced by the nuclear watchdog following the fukushima disaster . it said in a statement that `` scientific and professional findings '' showed that the safety of the reactors was assured . but the court ruled that the new safety standards were `` loose , '' lacked rationality and could not guarantee the safety of the plant , an official said . the power company said it would appeal the decision . `` we deeply regret that our assertion was not well comprehended , and can not accept it at all , '' it said in a statement . chief cabinet secretary yoshihide suga told reporters tuesday that the country 's nuclear watchdog had deemed the plant safe according to the `` world 's strictest '' safety standards . the government had no intention to change course on its planned nuclear restart , he said . takahama was one of two nuclear facilities granted approval to resume operations . sendai nuclear power plant in kagoshima prefecture has been granted approval to reopen by the prefecture 's governor , although local residents are seeking to challenge this in court . analyst henry said the renewable energy sector could benefit from the takahama decision , as the country weighed solar and hydro power as alternatives . prior to the fukushima disaster , about 30 % of japan 's energy was nuclear generated . cnn 's junko ogura contributed to this report from tokyo .