( cnn ) they come from more than 20 countries , drawn to libya as the funnel to europe . eritreans want to escape repression or military service ; somalis flee al-shabaab and clan warfare ; syrians have given up hope of returning home . in villages in senegal and elsewhere across west africa , young men sell all they have in the hope of a better life in europe , perhaps hoping to join a cousin or brother who made it . motivations among the tens of thousands making the trek to the mediterranean coast are as many and varied as the nationalities involved , according to researchers and human rights groups . but in 2014 more than 80 % of them headed for the libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation . from the horn of africa to the atlantic , from syria and gaza , these would-be migrants travel well-established smuggling routes . along the way they must cross deserts and mountains , risk kidnap or robbery , are often cheated or left stranded . one african migrant reported surviving on toothpaste for days . a teenage somali who made it to malta told researchers that he had warned other family members not to come . `` i tell them its 95 % sure that you will die , '' he said . the international organization for migration ( iom ) has tracked the migrant flows through north africa for years . eritreans have long been prominent among the travelers , escaping an authoritarian government , poverty and indefinite military service -- a land without possibilities . `` many conscripts are not demobilized from the military as scheduled and some were forced to serve indefinitely under threats of detention , torture , or punishment of their families , '' according to a report by the regional mixed migration secretariat ( rmms ) in nairobi last year . they travel to sudan , so long as they can avoid kidnap by tribes on the border , and are handed from one group of smugglers to the next in relay . one eritrean woman told the un refugee agency ( unhcr ) this month that she had paid $ 5,000 to reach the mediterranean . eritreans and syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to europe last year , according to arezo malakooti , director of migration research at altai consulting and author of one of the most detailed studies of migration patterns . malakooti has recently visited seven countries , including libya , tunisia and morocco to update her study . the `` push factor '' is much greater than the `` pull '' of europe , she says . upheavals and instability across much of africa and the middle east -- combined with the perception that libya 's doors are open -- have led to a massive increase in the numbers trying to reach libya . `` worsening repression in eritrea '' has been one factor , she says -- while eritreans already in refugee camps in sudan have decided to make a dash for the mediterranean . one reason is that other routes -- through saudi arabia and to israel -- have become more difficult : israel has adopted a much tougher approach on would-be eritrean migrants trying to enter the country through the sinai desert , including detention , and yemen 's implosion has cut off that conduit . as one eritrean told the humanitarian journal irin last year : `` people were traveling to israel because it was the only way , and now they 're traveling to europe because it 's the only way . '' somalis , often seen as the third most numerous nationality among migrants headed to the mediterranean , face a perfect storm of crises . `` extreme poverty ; prolonged insecurity ; sexual violence and other serious human rights violations ; lack of access to basic needs such as food , medical services , healthcare and livelihoods '' are all contributory factors , says the rmms . sea-tossed storm of human misery hits italian shores . the iom told cnn it is seeing a spike in would-be migrants from senegal , mali , guinea and gambia in west africa . many reason that libya 's chaos is an opportunity : border posts are left abandoned , the coastline unguarded . most west africans make the journey for economic reasons ; the majority are single men in their twenties . populations in the region are swelling but farmland and economic security shrinking . often , say researchers , the oldest son leaves to find work so he can remit funds home -- perhaps misled by fables of riches . malakooti noted in a recent report that `` unrealistic expectations of their migration is fueled by migrants in destination who rarely send negative news home because of the pressure on them to succeed . '' but west africans who have sold livestock or other possessions only to be caught or stranded can face destitution when they return home : 400 senegalese were recently repatriated from libya by the red cross and iom . malians have the added incentive of the recent conflict in which jihadist groups seized nearly half the country before french-led intervention pushed them back . joel millman of the iom says there 's also been an increase in the number of nigerian christians following this route , escaping the chaos and brutality inflicted on their towns and villages by boko haram . another disturbing phenomenon , according to malakooti , is the trafficking of african women for prostitution to italy through libya . while still a small fraction of the overall migration , the number of women smuggled for sexual exploitation in europe rose threefold in 2014 , she says . why migrants are risking their lives to reach italy . a geneva-based group , the global initiative against transnational organized crime , estimated last year that about half of west african migrants pass through the town of agadez in northern niger . a crackdown in 2013 on organized convoys leaving agadez stemmed the flow for a while , but gangs from the toubou tribe , which controls the cross-border trade , developed new routes and raised their prices . a migrant might pay as much as $ 300 to reach southern libya in a truck or pick-up , according to researchers . reliable figures on the numbers passing through agadez are difficult to come by , but the consensus among experts is somewhere between 2,000 and 7,000 every month . other hubs include khartoum in sudan , a way-station for migrants from east africa , and tamanrasset in southern algeria , where a fake malian passport aids passage . algeria has also been a destination for syrian refugees , but new visa requirements have forced them to seek other routes -- often through turkey and the greek islands . hundreds of thousands of other migrants have already been in libya for years , attracted to jobs as day laborers when moammar gadhafi was in power . now they face violence , discrimination and religious persecution -- and are unable even to remit home what little they earn . so at least some are embarking on a journey to europe they never intended to take . malakooti believes this is a major factor in the rising numbers trying to reach europe . the recent murder of egyptian and ethiopian christians by isis 's libyan affiliate may have hastened the departure of some . a similar dynamic applies to syrian refugees . `` initially , they remained in lebanon , jordan and other neighboring countries to wait out the conflict , '' says malakooti . now they 've given up , or the resources to accommodate them have evaporated -- and have decided to try to reach europe and start over . within libya , the smugglers for the most part appear to be small groups or individuals rather than large networks , according to human rights organizations . they cluster in dusty towns such as sabha and qatrun and use what are known as ' connection houses . ' how is europe going to tackle migrant crisis . those driving migrants to tripoli may have no connection with gangs at the coast . such a journey , across the desert to avoid checkpoints , might cost a migrant $ 200 : in a failed state that sort of cash quickly generates armed rivalries . tribal feuds , roaming militias and criminal gangs mean migrants need the skills of a smuggler . the arrival of the islamic state in iraq and syria ( isis ) in libya has further complicated passage ; in january jihadists killed 14 libyan soldiers near sabha . malakooti detects a changing pattern since the syrian conflict began . it has injected more money into the smuggling business , which has therefore become more organized . the more reliable groups can charge more ; she says some migrants buy a `` package '' from smugglers that includes overland and sea travel . syrian migrants are relatively better off than west africans , and may pay more to guarantee a place on the top deck of a vessel . africans are more often locked in the hold and are more vulnerable if a vessel sinks , or consigned to an inflatable dinghy . fearing arrest , the smugglers rarely travel on the boats themselves , instead giving a compass or gps device to the migrants , who then set off with no navigational skills and often no experience of the sea in boats that should never have left port . as libya becomes more dangerous for migrants , other countries on both sides of the mediterranean are looking on anxiously . some west africans opt to travel through morocco -- even though the chances of detection there are much greater and the sea crossing to spain very difficult . `` a migrant might need 50 or 60 attempts before making it to the spanish coast , '' says malakooti . tunisia has massively increased security along its eastern border with libya ; both algeria and morocco have begun building fences along their border -- against both terrorism and clandestine migration . but they may be little deterrent . the eritrean writer abu bakr khaal made the desperate voyage to and across the mediterranean himself . in his novel `` african titanics , '' he describes the `` dangerous lure '' of escape . only too late do the migrants discover a grim reality at sea : `` ' if god loved me he would not have brought me here , ' groaned one of the passengers . assured he had uttered the most fitting farewell to life , he threw himself into the sea . the boat moved forward at the whim of the waves . '' meet the couple on a mission to save drowning migrants .