ferguson , missouri ( cnn ) . [ breaking news update at 11:45 p.m . et ] two african-americans -- ella jones and wesley bell -- were elected to the ferguson city council on tuesday , meaning three of the six council members are black . [ previous story , published at 6:52 p.m . et ] the skies grew ominous and the radio crackled with warnings of flash floods . amid the rain , ferguson opened its polls at 6 a.m. for municipal elections that traditionally have drawn very few out to vote . but today was different . this was the first city election since white police officer darren wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager michael brown last august . since then , this st. louis suburb of 21,000 people has gone through epic upheaval with revelations of systemic discrimination against african-americans by law enforcement and the courts . there 's widespread feeling , especially in the african-american community , that if the turnout is low , then all the protests , the investigations , the calls for change will have been in vain . st. louis elections officials said they had no indication that turnout in tuesday 's election would be any different than other years . but among the candidates inspired to run by the events that transpired here , there was hope of seeing greater voter participation . `` that is what our democracy is about , '' said wesley bell , a 40-year-old lawyer and criminal justice professor who also is a part-time municipal judge in nearby velda city . bell is running against lee smith , a retired electrical plant employee , in ward 3 . that area includes canfield drive , where brown was killed , and the west florissant avenue business corridor that felt the brunt of the protests and the vandalism . charred , heavily damaged buildings stand as scars of ferguson 's despair and anger . both bell and smith are black , and no matter the outcome , one of them will double the african-american representation on the council . even though 70 % of ferguson 's 21,000 people are black , five of the six current city council members and the mayor are white . the council was cited along with the ferguson police department , which has three black officers , as a symbol of white power in a majority black city . `` we have to get out of this law enforcement for business , '' said candidate doyle mcclellan , coordinator of the computer network security program at lewis and clark community college . mcclellan referred to the scathing report by the u.s. department of justice that found ferguson issued fines and traffic tickets to generate revenue for the city . `` that 's not a good thing , '' mcclellan said as he stood in the drizzle at a polling station , hoping to persuade voters who were still undecided . the polls close here at 7 p.m . results are not expected until a few hours later . ted heidemann , a 67-year-old retired airline pilot , said he voted for brian fletcher , a former mayor who launched the `` i love ferguson '' campaign last fall to raise money for mom and pop businesses that were hurt by the looting and vandalism . some residents see fletcher as being a part of the establishment , part of the problem . but heidemann asked why no one complained when fletcher was mayor . he said brown 's shooting brought a lot of bad things to light . `` we did n't realize the effect some of the institutional problems had on poor people , '' he said . `` some things need to be changed and we are aware of that . '' by midafternoon , fletcher said the numbers looked good . at a church where voters from all three wards were casting ballots , he predicted a 40-50 % turnout . when the rain let up for a few minutes , a stream of voters trickled into the first presbyterian church in downtown ferguson to cast their votes . ellory and kathy glenn both voted for bob hudgins , a political novice who attracted attention as a white man who routinely stood with protesters on the front lines . he speaks often of having married a black woman and having a biracial teenage son . `` i wanted change , '' said ellory glenn , 60 , who is black . his wife is white . he said the couple moved to ferguson after he retired from the marine corps in 1995 because they felt it was a racially welcoming place . but now , after all the problems rose to the surface , it 's time for fresh blood on the city council , glenn said . that 's why they chose hudgins over fletcher . `` quit using law enforcement as a revenue stream , '' he said . `` that 's like using the military to go into places and looting them . the police are supposed to keep order . '' angela jackson came to the polls with her husband and two little girls in tow . she voted for ella jones , a former mary kay cosmetics sales director who resigned her job in january to run for office . jackson echoed the thoughts of other ferguson residents who experienced something new in this election : candidates coming to their door . past elections have not seen the kind of canvassing activity that took place in the last few weeks . `` one thing we really liked is ( jones ) came to our door and talked to us about her desire to make change in our neighborhood , '' jackson said . `` she 's going to be hands on . she lives in the neighborhood as well , and has for the past 36 years . we were kind of taken by that . '' fletcher , the former mayor turned city council candidate , campaigned that ferguson would benefit from his experience more than a newcomer , saying his contacts from almost three decades in politics would be an invaluable asset in getting ferguson back on its feet . `` i understand that feeling , '' fletcher said of those who feel he 's too entrenched in the city 's old guard , `` but those individuals do n't know me . '' the city is required to approve a new budget by the end of june and the new council will have to look for alternative sources of revenue to replace the $ 3 million or so lost from money generated by traffic tickets and fines . `` that amount will drop significantly , '' fletcher said . the rain began to fall again as the glenns got in their car . it was expected to continue off and on through the day and night . but about 5 , just when many voters were leaving work , the sun shone brilliantly . overheard at one precinct : good weather brought out the worst in ferguson last august . maybe today , it would bring out the best .