washington ( cnn ) this week is the 100th anniversary of what many historians acknowledge as the armenian genocide -- the turkish massacre of an estimated 1.5 million armenians . and it 's also the seventh year in a row president barack obama has broken his promise to use the word `` genocide '' to describe the atrocity . it 's a moral position taken by pope francis , actor george clooney and even by the kardashians . on the 2008 campaign trail , obama promised to use the word `` genocide '' to describe the 1915 massacre by turks of armenians -- a pledge he made when seeking armenian-american votes . back then , he held up his willingness to call it a `` genocide '' as an example of why he was the kind of truth-telling candidate the nation needed . 8 things to know about the mass killings of armenians 100 years ago . in 2006 , after the u.s . ambassador to armenia was asked to resign for using the term armenian genocide , then-sen. obama hammered the bush administration for not taking a stand . `` the armenian genocide is not an allegation , a personal opinion , or a point of view , but rather a widely documented fact supported by an overwhelming body of historical evidence , '' he said . but that was then . and now , as was the case with bush , obama regards turkey -- the only muslim majority country in nato -- as a more crucial ally than armenia . turkey has the second-largest military in nato , behind only the u.s. , and is a crucial ally when it comes to syria , isis , iran and other middle east issues . and turkey denies this history . `` we can not define what happened in 1915 as a genocide , '' turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu told cnn on tuesday . why turkey wo n't say the g-word when it comes to the armenians . in her pulitzer prize-winning book about genocide , obama 's current ambassador to the united nations samantha power hammered u.s. policy makers for not acknowledging or acting to stop such atrocities . `` no u.s. president has ever made genocide prevention a priority , and no u.s. president has ever suffered politically for his indifference to its occurrence . it is thus no coincidence that genocide rages on , '' she wrote .