new york ( cnn ) new york 's iconic statue of liberty and liberty island will reopen to the public saturday -- one day after a bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded , officials said . the nypd bomb squad on friday examined a locker thought to contain a suspicious package and found it was empty , a law enforcement official said . police declared the scene clear at 3:15 p.m . other lockers checked as a precautionary measure , the law enforcement source said . images posted on social media showed crowds of visitors walking on ramps to awaiting ferries . all civilians were evacuated and only emergency personnel remained on liberty island , according to police . the fire department had ems units there as a precaution . mike burke , the head of statue cruises , which operates the ferry to the island , said : `` our first priority is the safety and well being of all of our visitors . '' burke said about 2,700 people were safely transported from the island and offered full refunds . service to liberty island is to resume at 8:30 a.m. saturday . shortly after 11 a.m. , the national park service was informed that a 911 caller made a threat to blow up the statue of liberty -- which led to the evacuation , according to park service spokeswoman mindi rambo . a sweep by u.s. park police canine units `` alerted on an area of interest near the lockers at the base '' of the statue of liberty , rambo said . park police had notified the nypd , which dispatched its bomb squad , officials said . it is not uncommon to get false positives from the bomb-sniffing dogs . `` following their investigation , it was determined that there was not an explosive device , '' rambo said . approximately 3.5 million people visit the statue of liberty every year . visitors must pass through security screening similar to airport security procedures , according to the national park service . previously , the statue closed in november 2012 because of significant damage sustained from superstorm sandy . it reopened on july 4 , 2013 , with a ribbon cutting ceremony and long lines of tourists . the last time the island shut down to the public was in october 2013 , when it closed for 12 days because of the a government shutdown . the statue was dedicated by president grover cleveland on october 28 , 1886 . it was a gift to the united states from the people of france to commemorate 100 years of franco-american friendship as well as the centennial of america 's independence .