tehran , iran ( cnn ) the basij is a militia made up of fighters loyal to iran 's religious leaders ; their mission is to protect the country 's islamic order . to do that , they will go to any lengths necessary , including -- they say -- taking on isis . `` we all are prepared to go and destroy isis totally , '' one basij commander told cnn . `` if our imam , our supreme leader orders us , we will destroy isis . '' the commander says that , so far , the basij has not been caught up in the fight against the feared islamic extremists currently waging war in parts of iraq and syria . but iran 's elite revolutionary guard 's quds force , led by general qassem suleimani , is already training , advising and supporting iraqi shia militias in their fight against isis . suleimani was accused of involvement in the shia insurgency against u.s. forces during the iraq war . today he is a celebrity to many iraqis and iranians . that is symbolic of the gulf that still exists between iran and the u.s. , regardless of any thaw in relations in the wake of the recent agreement on a framework nuclear deal and ongoing talks . iran , militias ' involvement in isis fight a mixed blessing . iranian officials , who believe their strategy is making a difference in the fight against isis , say they would like better cooperation with the u.s. , but point out that the level of trust simply is n't there . `` at the moment , we consider the united states to be a threat to us because its policies and actions are threatening to us , '' said general ahmad reza pourdastan , commander of iran 's ground forces . `` we would like the us to change its rhetoric and tone of voice so that our nation could have more trust in u.s. military leadership . '' and the feeling is mutual : the u.s. , which is leading the air campaign against isis in iraq , has denied any direct coordination with iran . iran will do what it takes to fight isis . iranians believe air strikes against isis are not effective , and feel that the u.s. and its allies are not trying seriously enough to defeat the group . iran 's president hassan rouhani told cnn 's christiane amanpour last september that `` the aerial bombardment campaign is mostly ... a form of theater , rather than a serious battle against terrorism . '' `` the battle in iraq is very important to iran , '' explained mohammed marandi , a professor at tehran university . `` the iranians believe that the americans , if they wanted to , could do a lot more to put pressure on their allies . and also , if they were serious about air strikes , they could do a lot more . '' it 's a point the u.s. , of course , disagrees with -- u.s. president barack obama has vowed to `` degrade and ultimately defeat '' the terror group . but iran remains unconvinced . `` if they want to destroy isis , it is possible for them to achieve that , '' said major-general hassan firouzabadi , iran 's chief of general staff . `` the u.s. military and intelligence organizations have many ways to strike at isis , but we have not seen anything so far except intelligence gathering from the u.s. and britain , '' he said . `` we hope that one day , because of their national interests and the will of their nations , the u.s. and the uk will decide to really fight isis . '' in isis , iran and the u.s. share a common enemy , but -- for now at least -- no apparent common strategy.will iran-saudi proxy war erupt ?