( cnn ) sen. elizabeth warren insists she 's not running for president . but her description of a 2016 `` dream '' presidential candidate sounds a lot like , well , her . warren , during an appearance friday on cnn 's `` new day , '' said she wanted to see someone willing to fight for the middle class and `` make washington work for families again . '' warren says she feels that washington functions well for special interest groups and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation . `` ( i 've ) spent my whole life studying what 's happening to america 's middle class and watching year by year , one blow after another , '' she said . `` we live in an america now where the game is rigged , where washington works really great for those who hire armies of lobbyists , armies of lawyers . it 's just not working so well for the rest of america . '' warren , a massachusetts democrat , also got specific with her wish list , mentioning that a candidate willing to lower the interest rates on student loans and shore up social security would get high marks from her . what the economy means for 2016 . she would n't say which of the slew of declared or yet-to-declare candidates fit that bill , but she did want to give all of them a chance as the 2016 campaign kicks off . `` i really want to give everybody who gets in this race a chance to get out there and put their agenda in front of us , '' she said . however , warren said the two republican candidates who have gotten into the race -- texas sen. ted cruz and kentucky sen. rand paul -- have already disqualified themselves in her eyes because of how they 've voted in congress . `` i 've watched them vote , '' warren said . `` they voted against the social security benefits increase . they voted against reducing the interest rate on student loans . '' opinion : can democrats really take on wall street ? warren , a former special adviser for the consumer financial protection bureau , is something of a political rock star in the eyes of many liberal and progressive voters because of her populist leanings and her passionate calls for an end to income inequality . many of them want her to get into the race and become a viable challenger to democratic frontrunner hilary clinton . when asked , yet again , if she was going to run , warren did n't exactly say no . `` i want to see who else gets in this race , '' she said . `` and i want to see what the issues are that they push . ''