( cnn ) barney frank , to say the least , knows his way around politics . in a chicago appearance recently , the retired congressman had the sold-out crowd at the center on halsted well entertained as he detailed his 45-year journey in public service . frank , you 'll recall , was the first member of congress to marry someone of the same-sex while in office , and among other things , he had some choice words for closeted politicians who vote against lgbt rights . and when someone in the audience asked his thoughts about a current ballot proposal in california that would legalize killing gay people , he said he was n't aware of the measure but told the young man not to `` worry yourself about the crazy people . '' `` we 're winning , '' he said before joking that the name of the california proposal -- `` the sodomite suppression act '' -- sounded like a porno . `` we 're winning '' is a phrase i 've heard a lot recently as it pertains to lgbt rights . and i guess if you look at where the country was 10 years ago , we definitely are . that 's assuming you are part of the `` we '' that believes lgbt people should have the same rights as their heterosexual/cisgender counterparts . or at least not `` be put to death by bullets to the head or by any other convenient method '' as the california proposal suggests . ( it 's unclear whether matt mclaughlin , the huntington beach lawyer who submitted the proposal , is being sincere or just an ass , but the fact remains that if he collects enough signatures there appears to be no legal way of stopping it from going on the ballot . ) frank 's `` we 're winning '' declaration was oddly timed , too . less than 24 hours after his talk , the governor in the next state over signed an anti-lgbt `` religious freedom '' bill into the law -- one that allows businesses to challenge in court local laws that forbid discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation . `` many people of faith feel their religious liberty is under attack by government action , '' indiana gov . mike pence said . not to be outdone , arkansas gov . asa hutchinson said he would sign a similar bill that is expected to reach his desk shortly . so we have : a fledgling proposal to kill the gays out west , laws to deny us goods and services in the heartland , and if the rhetoric of 2016 hopeful ted cruz is a barometer , a federal ban on same-sex marriage still on the gop table . like others , i had foolishly hoped the upcoming general election would be one defined by bold ideas . instead , it looks like it 's going to be dragged down to a replay of pat buchanan 's `` cultural war '' speech , during which he told the 1992 republican national convention : `` we stand with ( george h.w . bush ) against the amoral idea that gay and lesbian couples should have the same standing in law as married men and women '' and later followed with `` there is a religious war going on in this country . it is a cultural war , as critical to the kind of nation we shall be as the cold war itself . for this war is for the soul of america . '' progressives enjoyed poking fun at cruz , the tea party darling when he announced his presidential bid , but according to the american civil liberties union , `` the indiana rfra [ religious freedom restoration act ] is one of 24 introduced in 15 states this year that could allow someone to use their religious beliefs to discriminate . numerous other bills specifically single out the lgbt community for unequal treatment . '' it 's not just lawmakers . alabama supreme court chief justice roy moore made headlines for telling state officials and judges to disregard a federal court ruling that overturned the state 's ban on same-sex marriage . and this week . a federal judge in cruz 's home state of texas blocked a federal rule that would have granted married , same-sex couples access to the family and medical leave act , a law that helps employees stay home to take care of a severely ill spouse . it seems clear that even if cruz does n't capture the gop nomination , whoever does will undoubtedly make some concessions to appease lgbt rights backlash currently underway in conservative states . that could include one of cruz 's agenda items : a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage , usurping whatever ruling comes out of the supreme court in june , when the court is expected to rule on whether such marriage is constitutionally protected . and the ncaa can issue strongly worded statements , as it did over indiana 's new anti-lgbt law , and -- along with others in corporate america -- can threaten financial repercussions for discriminatory laws . but at the end of the day , it 's about votes . frank said when progressives get angry they march in the streets , and when conservatives get mad they march to the polls . if that holds true in 2016 , `` winning '' is going to feel very strange . indeed , most 2016 hopefuls on the right have been reluctant to express support for same-sex marriage . according to former arkansas gov . mike huckabee , `` it 's like asking someone who 's jewish to start serving bacon-wrapped shrimp in their deli . '' louisiana gov . bobby jindal said , `` i certainly will support ted cruz and others that are talking about making ... a constitutional amendment to allow states to continue to define marriage . '' wisconsin gov . scott walker has a long history of fighting against same sex marriage and civil unions . and ben carson said jail turns people gay , so there 's that . ( he later apologized ) . gallup polls may suggest voters nationwide are more gay-friendly , but the trend on the state level tells a different story . perhaps we 're witnessing the final gasp of long-ago biases . or maybe those biases are having a rebirth we had underestimated . barney frank said he believes republicans want the supreme court to rule in favor of same-sex marriage to provide political cover in the gop primary . that may be true , but it 's doubtful that will allow a candidate to avoid taking a position on the wave of so-called `` religious freedom '' bills currently snaking through red-state legislatures . or to sidestep the topic of a constitutional amendment when it 's raised in a debate or at a campaign stop -- especially with republicans controlling both the house and the senate . once again , our democracy is vexed by a woefully inadequate two-party system . socially liberal , fiscally conservative independent voters may want to consider the full depth of a candidate 's policies before making a decision , but ultimately it may come down to a single-question : to discriminate against lgbt people or not . unfortunately , the pending 2016 `` cultural war '' does not allow for much wiggle room beyond that . i know frank and others have said `` we 're winning '' but sitting here , watching the life being sucked out of democracy year in and year out feels more like a defeat than a victory .