( cnn ) can you imagine paying $ 1,000 a month in rent to live in a one-car garage ? nicole , a 30-year-old woman , does n't have to imagine this scenario because it 's her everyday reality . the small and unusual living space is all that this employed , single mother can afford in her high-cost community in san mateo , california . nicole is n't alone in her struggles . cnn recently published a powerful piece called `` poor kids of silicon valley '' that documents the affordable housing challenges facing families in the bay area . one aspect featured a house that is home to 16 people , including 11 children . another chronicles a husband and wife named rich and stacey , both of whom have jobs , who are living in a san jose homeless shelter with their two kids because they do n't have the money to go anywhere else . although silicon valley has unique characteristics , it is n't the only community confronting these challenges . our entire nation is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis . the agency i lead , the u.s. department of housing and urban development , recently released a report estimating that 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing , spend more than half their incomes on rent or both . these are families who are dedicating $ 1 out of every $ 2 they earn just to keep a roof over their head . and the more they spend on housing , the less they have to invest in their children 's education , build up savings and shop at local businesses . these are outcomes that hurt our nation 's economy and require us to respond with swift and bold action . hud is working with local partners across the country to do just that . first , we 're focusing on preserving the affordable housing that already exists . since the mid-1970s , we have directed and insured loans for multifamily properties that have resulted in more than 700,000 affordable units . but by 2020 , we 're in danger of losing more than 125,000 because these mortgages are maturing , ending agreements to control rents in these units . so we 've launched a preservation effort with private partners to keep these properties affordable for generations to come . we 're also doing the same with public housing . right now , the nation is losing 10,000 units of public housing every year , mainly because of disrepair , hud created the rental assistance demonstration initiative to bring private investment into the fold for the public good . it 's cost neutral for the federal government and making a big impact for communities such as lexington , north carolina , where the local housing authority is making 58 years ' worth of repairs in just 22 months , including new lighting , modern windows and better insulation to help residents stay warm and cut energy costs . rad has allowed local communities to raise more than $ 733 million in new capital to date . that 's why we 're asking congress to give every community the chance to participate by lifting the restrictions on this program . no american should ever have to wait six decades to have a decent and healthy place to call home . in addition to preservation , hud is also working to create new affordable housing . a harvard study revealed that in 2012 , there were 11.5 million extremely low-income households and only 3.3 million affordable units available . it 's clear that we ca n't preserve our way out of this problem . we 've got to grow the supply to meet demand , so hud is taking a multifaceted approach . for example , our home investment partnerships program is leveraging $ 4 in private and other public resources for every $ 1 in home funds and leading to more than 1 million new and rehabilitated units for rent or sale to lower income families . this is more than just a statistic : it is progress for people , from the families living in the broadway crossing development in washington to the seniors living in the woodcrest retirement residence in pennsylvania . to keep this momentum going , we 've asked congress to increase home funding by 16 % to keep building affordable homes , prosperous partnerships and strong communities across the nation . we are also asking congress to expand our housing choice voucher program , which allows recipients of modest means , the elderly , and people with disabilities to find housing in the private market . this includes restoring 67,000 vouchers that were lost to sequestration . and we 're targeting our resources where they can have a big impact . for instance , hud awarded $ 94 million in targeted homelessness assistance to 274 programs across the san francisco bay area , including silicon valley , in january . and we continue to work with local partners to encourage private investment . to empower communities , president barack obama has also requested $ 300 million for new local housing policy grants to help them increase housing affordability , economic growth and access to jobs . all of this work is making a significant contribution to families and communities from coast-to-coast . our nation 's affordable housing challenges wo n't be solved overnight , and we still need to do more to make sure that more folks are able to prosper . let 's not squander this chance to make real progress for american families . incredible things can happen when a wide variety of leaders come together for the common good . by leveraging private investment and increasing collaboration with state , local and tribal governments and other traditional housing partners , i know we can build a future where affordable housing is available to all .