( cnn ) have you ever found the creative inspiration you were seeking at the most unexpected time , or thought you were having that long-awaited problem-solving epiphany just as you nodded off to sleep ? according to neuroscientists john kounios and mark beeman , there 's a reason for that . their book , `` the eureka factor '' , explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after `` aha ! '' moment . research suggests that in trying to conjure up inspiration , most of us end up suppressing it . the book explains how to clear out mental junk , in order to make way for pivotal revelations . dr. kounios explained : `` insights involve unusual connections . cognitive psychologists call these ' remote associations ' . they are processed mostly in the brain 's right hemisphere . insights occur when a subconscious remote association suddenly pops into awareness . this is accompanied by a burst of activity in the brain 's right temporal lobe . '' `` we wrote `` the eureka factor '' to help people understand how creative insight works in the brain so they can use various strategies harmoniously without having them cross-circuit each other , `` said kounios . `` for example , there is evidence that imagining the future helps to put someone in an insightful state . however , if a person imagines a specific future that makes them anxious , then insightfulness could decrease because anxiety is a creativity killer . '' `` that said , a positive mood and a broad , expansive spread of attention are a couple of key features of the insightful state , '' he added . following are some of the tips they suggest for unleashing your creative potential -- both at home and at work . spaciousness helps broaden thoughts . even high ceilings have been shown to broaden attention . small , windowless offices , low ceilings and narrow corridors will do little to inspire our brains and make us flexible , creative thinkers . relaxing outdoor colors such as blue and green contribute to this state . `` emergency '' colors such as red suppress it . surprisingly , dark colors and dim lighting can also be beneficial : by obscuring visual details , they help people think more abstractly . static surroundings encourage static thinking . do n't be predictable . you should sometimes change everyday routines , such as where you go for coffee or your route to work . rearrange your furniture and decor from time to time , at home and in your workplace . hold meetings in a variety of places . make sure to include some nonconformists in your inner circle . unusual people tend to be out-of-the-box thinkers , and their unique outlook might help you attack a problem from a different angle . the threat of a firm deadline will narrow your thinking and inhibit your insight . try and use soft target dates and a flexible schedule to establish a helpful , nonthreatening time frame . rewards and punishments for meeting or missing deadlines , if needed at all , should be vague and mild so they do n't contribute added pressure . a positive outlook will help stimulate a more open mind , one that can process a greater number of ideas . if you struggle to think happy , try focusing on the people and things that bring you joy . to put a twist on pasteur 's famous saying , chance favors the happy mind . when you 're stuck on a problem , take a break to do or think about something very different . expose yourself to a variety of people and places . listen to music or go to a pleasing movie , art exhibit or talk a walk . play a game , dance , do yoga , read . insight triggers appear at the most unlikely times and places . we all know how important sleep is to our cognitive thinking . the sleep-deprived mind is more likely to fixate on small matters -- an absolute killer to creativity . ample sleep also helps foster the discovery of hidden connections between ideas . insightful thought is at its best when your powers of inhibition are weaker , because reduced focus opens up your awareness to remote associations that would n't come to you when you 're feeling sharp . if you 're an early bird , you should try doing your creative work at night . if you 're a night owl , try the morning . perhaps the single most important thing to remember is that your mental state can change . it takes a while to sink into an insightful mindset . try and schedule uninterrupted blocks of time for relaxed , freewheeling creative thought . turn off your phone . get rid of the clock . let abstract ideas and vague impressions flow where they will . tips have been extracted from the book `` the eureka factor '' , which has been written by dr. john kounios and dr. mark beeman . how missing sleep can damage your iq . how to make rejection work for you . 7 habits of highly ineffective people .