garissa , kenya ( cnn ) freshly laundered clothes still hang friday in the dormitory at garissa university college . stuffed animals remain in one room . on the wall in another hangs a poster on proper preparation for muslim prayer . these small reminders of college life at this kenyan school belie the horror of what happened here : the slaughter of at least 147 people , many of them students who lived in this building . on friday afternoon , more than 36 hours after the attack , investigators and kenya red cross crews were finishing up the task of removing the bodies of dead students . the corpses of four al-shabaab attackers -- dressed head to toe in black and still clutching their ak-47s -- remained where they fell , their bodies shattered in a torrent of bullets . kenya terrorist attack : 6 things you need to know . investigators marked the locations of students ' bodies with numbered tags before red cross workers came in to send them off to morgues . they would call out to each other with the locations of the dead , reducing once promising lives , for the time being at least , to numbers . 221 . 214 . 216 . 217 . sometimes , the cell phones of the dead would ring , taking the workers aback . beyond the bodies , evidence of what had happened at the dormitory was everywhere . shattered glass and shell casings littered the floor . walls and ceilings were marred by bullet holes . in some places , the blood was as thick as mud . the problems plaguing kenya 's security efforts . according to students and authorities , militants burst onto the campus around 5 a.m. thursday . the gunmen , from the al-shabaab terror group , first stormed a christian prayer service , killing some students , taking others hostage . they rampaged across the campus , shooting non-muslims , sparing muslims , a witness said . one student , hellen titus , told cnn she hid inside a wardrobe for nearly an hour before the gunmen came for her . come out , they told her , you wo n't be shot . `` they were lying , '' she said . the gunmen herded her and maybe three dozen other students into a community room where they 'd usually hang out and watch television . they were told to lie down , lectured about how the quran forbids killing women . and then the men , titus said , were shot in the head . one of the gunmen egged on the others . `` shoot them ! shoot them ! '' he would say , according to titus . more lecturing : the land , the gunmen said , did n't belong to nonbelievers . we , the gunmen said , have just two missions : to kill , and be killed . and then they started shooting the women . `` anyone who is breathing , shoot them , '' titus said the gunman in charge said . `` we just lay there hopelessly , because we know automatically we 're going to be killed , '' titus said . it was then she saw the blood of a fellow student coursing toward her on the floor . she smeared it onto her face and body to make it appear she , too , was dead . `` in the time of shooting , they skipped me , '' she said . she survived with only a hand wound . many of the other students were shot in the back of the head , a medic told cnn . others had been beheaded , according to people who had viewed bodies at the morgue in chiromo . even longtime relief workers such as reuben nyaora with the international rescue committee said they were shocked at what they saw . `` i have seen many things , '' nyaora told agence france-presse , `` but nothing like that . '' opinion : a weakened al-shabaab lashes out . cnn 's michael pearson wrote from atlanta . cnn 's david mckenzie and lillian leposo reported from kenya . cnn 's dominique van heerden and soni methu contributed to this report .