( cnn ) this is week three of an ongoing series : a catholic reads the bible . read week one and week two . when i started this project , my brother texted me , `` wait until you get to lot . '' by sunday afternoon , i understood what he meant . i am horrified by the story of lot in genesis . lot and the destruction of sodom and gomorrah was new to me . i actually had n't put two and two together that sodom is the origin of the word sodomy . ( feel free to call me dense as you read this ) . lot is the central character in the grim story of sodom and gomorrah 's demise in chapter 19 . you are introduced to the city by abraham who tries to save the town . in the preceding chapter , abraham asks god to agree that if he can find 10 good people in the town , god wo n't smite it . god agrees . lot is visited by divine emissaries to investigate if there are indeed enough good people to save the town . the men of the town come to seek out the new visitors for `` intimacies . '' ahem . yeah . hospitable bunch , huh ? those `` intimacies , '' we are meant to understand , account for sodom 's wickedness . and i guess meant that the town was doomed . ( `` intimacies '' is the term used in my 1991 edition of the new american bible . the revised edition refers to `` sexual relations . '' ) to protect the emissaries from the mob , lot offers up his virginal daughters . which . ugh . anyway , it does n't work . there apparently are n't enough good men to save sodom , which leads to god destroying yet another population in genesis . oh , and while lot 's chosen family members flee the destruction , lot 's wife turns around and is turned to salt . she had been warned not to look back . after god destroys sodom , lot 's daughters worry that there are n't any men left , so they get their father good and drunk and have sex with him . they need to have children to keep the human race going , the logic goes , i guess . after reading that section , i put my bible down . i could n't read anymore . then i read it again . what was i reading ? what are the morals , the meaning , i 'm supposed to get from these ghastly stories ? this is not the god that i have known for nearly 42 years . it 's not the version of the god i pray to daily . i truly do n't believe in a god that wipes out a town in general because of sexuality . why are they wicked ? i do n't believe that my god that would go after one group -- any group . the god that i pray to does n't punish the `` wicked '' like this . i ca n't comprehend this version of god . i ca n't believe in that kind of god . there were much easier things to write about this week in the pages that i read . but , i want to be truthful with you , my readers . the lot story struck me -- hard . i wish that i had answers for you as to why this happened or how it was written many years ago . but i do n't . it could be that it was a tale told to make sure that people only had sex to have children . or it could be a morality tale for the times . the truth is : i do n't really know . i just know that my faith does n't include the idea of such a punitive god . i now fully understand how you could devote your life to reading and analyzing the bible . and when i read this rough draft to my brother , he said to me , `` you have just hit the tip of the iceberg . '' so , i will continue reading .