( cnn ) in baseball , there 's a traditional comeback after a tough season : `` wait 'til next year ! '' for climate change `` next year '' is now . this year is the time and the united nations ' international climate negotiations in paris in december are the place to secure strong global agreement to curb heat-trapping emissions . a successful climate pact will send a signal around the world that a shift to a low-carbon economy is underway . the united states has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change . the u.s. administration on tuesday unveiled details about its proposal to reduce u.s. greenhouse gas emissions by 26 % to 28 % below 2005 levels by 2025 . this common-sense and achievable plan to decarbonize the u.s. economy will result in significant cost savings from cleaner technologies and create more american energy jobs to power our homes and businesses . this is an area where the united states needs to lead , and doing so will create a better planet for our children and a more prosperous future for our country . the united states is n't alone in this global climate effort . in a landmark joint announcement with the united states in november , china unveiled its intent to peak its carbon emissions around 2030 and to double its share of zero-carbon energy to 20 % . this shift will require substantial effort from china to retool its economy , increase investment in renewable energy and divest from coal . as the world 's no . 1 investor in renewable energy , china has already taken important steps forward . at the same time , india has set the audacious goal of installing 100 gigawatts of solar power capacity by 2022 , a 30-fold increase from current levels and eight times more solar capacity than the united states has today . cities and corporations are joining in as well . more than 200 cities , home to 436 million people , have voluntarily committed to saving 13 gigatons of greenhouse gas emissions by midcentury . and more than a thousand companies , along with 73 countries , voiced support for putting a price on carbon and moving to cleaner energy technologies . leading companies , like apple and google , are making major bets on renewable energy . and another 25 businesses have signed onto the corporate renewable energy buyers ' principles—these companies represent energy demand equal to more than 1 million homes . increasing examples demonstrate that strong climate action can be good for the economy . for instance , renewable sources now provide one-fifth of the world 's electricity , while solar manufacturing costs have dropped 80 % in the last seven years . wind turbines installed now are 100 times better at generating power than turbines were 30 years ago . clean technology investments surged to $ 310 billion last year . in the united states , carbon emissions fell by 10 % from 2007 to 2013 , the largest absolute emissions reduction recorded , even as the united states has recovered from the great recession . many of these shifts are unprecedented and could not have been anticipated even five years ago . yet these trends alone are not enough to counter the mounting climate-related impacts that we are already seeing . a global climate agreement in paris this december can send more signals to markets and drive more ambitious climate action for decades to come . a paris agreement would represent a new form of international cooperation and a fundamental change in the global approach to climate action — a shift from burden-sharing to the creation of mutual opportunities ; from cost to investment ; from economic threat to a spur to economic development . with the united states showing the way , and with cooperation from other countries , businesses , investors , cities and citizens , we can achieve a prosperous and secure future for all . each year , baseball returns and hope springs eternal . now , it 's time for all countries to get in the game .