( cnn ) all elizabeth sedway wanted was to leave paradise and head home . but she could n't . why ? because , according to her , she has cancer . that 's what she said in a video posted to facebook that shows her group packing up from their alaska airlines plane as it sat at the gate in hawaii . `` you 're taking me off the airplane because i do n't have a doctor 's note saying i can fly , '' a woman is heard saying . `` all these people are waiting , and i 'm being removed as if i 'm a criminal or contagious , because i have cancer and no note to fly . '' sedway did eventually get on a flight back to san jose , california , although she did n't get home until late tuesday night . and she got an apology . `` we regret the inconvenience ms. sedway experienced ... and are very sorry for how the situation was handled , '' alaska airlines spokeswoman bobbie egan said . `` ... while our employee had the customer 's well-being in mind , the situation could have been handled differently . '' her cancer fight notwithstanding , sedway was in hawaii in time to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary . still , on monday , she was on a plane to head east . then , according to her facebook post , an airline employee who saw sedway seated in the handicapped section asked her how she was doing . the second time she inquired , sedway wrote that she responded by saying she sometimes felt weak . that was followed by a call to a doctor , then her removal from the plane . egan , the alaska airlines spokeswoman , acknowledged that the carrier 's policy when someone has a medical issue is to call medlink , a group of er nurses and doctors . the idea , she explained , is that `` it is better to address medical issues or concerns on the ground rather than in the air , especially on flights to or from hawaii '' -- which in that case would last five-plus hours over open ocean . the decision to pull sedway from the flight was done with `` the customer 's well-being '' in mind , according to egan . still , that does n't mean it was the right decision . alaska airlines since apologized to sedway `` for the disruption this has caused , '' in addition to refunding her family 's tickets and paying for their overnight accommodations . '' even though she was stuck in hawaii , sedway made clear on facebook that this was a real `` disruption . '' `` because of this , i will miss my chemotherapy , my children will miss school and my husband will miss important meetings , '' she said .