( cnn ) ten years ago , a prosecutor in centre county , pennsylvania , took a day off work and vanished . since then , the case of ray gricar has become one of the most intriguing and talked about missing persons stories in the country . investigators have taken dives to the bottom of lakes , dug up a grave , chased more than 300 reported sightings from arizona to north carolina , dropped fliers over slovenia , consulted a psychic , interviewed a member of the hell 's angels and enlisted nasa technology . but no one has been able to find the veteran district attorney , who was 59 when he disappeared . when he went missing that friday morning on april 15 , 2005 , he left behind a live-in girlfriend , a beautiful and successful daughter and a bank account that was supposed to fund a fast-approaching retirement . his red mini cooper was found abandoned near a bridge on the susquehanna river about 55 miles away from his home . months later his county-issued laptop and hard drive were found -- separately -- on the banks of the river , too damaged to read . as far as hard evidence goes , that 's about all police have . the best lead they got was the sighting of a woman who has not been identified , and information that he had searched online for ways to destroy a hard drive . what 's left is theory , speculation and a case that 's been cold almost from the beginning . `` when a district attorney goes missing , you know , it 's pretty big . it 's going to catch people 's attention . a lot of people do n't have a large footprint . this guy had influential friends , he was well known , '' said todd matthews , director of communications and case management for the national missing and unidentified person system , or namus . from the start , investigators have considered three possibilities : gricar committed suicide , fell victim to foul play or deliberately walked away . the prevailing theories have been suicide or walk-away , especially since 2009 , when a search of his google history on his home computer found that someone had been searching `` how to fry a hard drive '' and `` water damage to a notebook computer . '' gricar , a private and quiet man , was spotted with a woman who was not his girlfriend the day he went missing , and cigarette ash was found near his car , even though he was not a smoker . friends and colleagues recalled him being distant in the weeks that led up to his disappearance , and recounted his fascination with another law enforcement official from ohio who vanished in 1985 . matthews said that namus has compared gricar 's dna to unidentified bodies nine times since the database became available in 2009 , but so far , none has been a match . `` even if he chose to make himself go missing , it sounds like something was terribly wrong that caused a drastic change in his life . there 's something wrong if he 's googled how to fry a hard drive . did he google it ? did someone else google it ? was he threatened ? did he do something and is trying to cover it up ? it 's not a normal thing to google that . '' matt rickard , the former investigator who had been in charge of the investigation for several years , thinks that hard drive is the key to cracking the case . he said he 's still holding out hope that someday technology will allow investigators to recover the damaged data . `` i think there is something out there . whether it 's evidence or a person , there 's something that could lead us to something , '' he said . `` in all honesty , somebody destroyed the hard drive and there was a reason . we have very few solid leads and the biggest one could be contained on that hard drive . '' in 2011 , when former penn state defensive coordinator jerry sandusky was arrested and charged with sexually abusing boys , it was revealed that it was gricar who decided not to charge sandusky when the first victim came forward in 1998 . gricar cited a lack of evidence . the intrigue already simmering in gricar 's case exploded . sleuths desperately tried to find a link between the two cases , but investigators said there was no evidence that gricar 's disappearance had anything to do with sandusky 's crimes . but some have stuck to the homicide theory , suggesting that gricar was an enemy of mob-like gangs in central pennsylvania who were upset at his drug and corruption prosecutions . cyril wecht , a forensic pathologist , said he considered writing a book about gricar , his ties to the sandusky case , and whether it led to suicide . but , wecht said , he abandoned the book idea when it became clear there was not enough evidence . `` i do n't think it 's a great stretch , '' wecht said . `` he was one of those guys with a very strong sense of justice and professional discipline and in light of what evolved and came to be disclosed -- i speak as a forensic pathologist who 's done so many suicides over the years and what can bring someone to that point . it 's pure conjecture , not based on any factual knowledge . '' plus , wecht said , if it was a suicide , `` i do n't understand how they never recovered the body . '' bob buehner , a former district attorney in montour county , pennsylvania , who was gricar 's friend , has never accepted a suicide or walk-away theory . he believes his colleague was killed . buehner has doubts that , 10 years later , state police can recover from what he considers a bungled start to the case . `` it did n't seem like there was any overall game plan that made sense in terms of a systematic investigation , '' buehner said . `` one of the things i 'd asked them to do from the first couple weeks is now impossible to do -- to do a hotel-motel canvas looking for the mystery woman seen with ray and then match the names with photo ids which police have access to . '' buehner said those records are now gone and his faith in finding gricar is dwindling . `` i give it a 50-50 at best and only because i 'm an optimist and i hope that 's what will happen , '' he said . `` as a pessimist , maybe 1 in 10 that we 'll find him . '' despite fresh eyes on the investigation when it was handed over to state authorities last year , the mystery woman has not been found . `` pennsylvania state police continue to chase down new leads and take a fresh look at old leads and we continue to hold out hope that something will break out in this case , '' said centre county 's district attorney stacy parks miller . `` everybody , regardless of what position they held , deserves this kind of attention . in any missing persons case , he 's not the only one , we feel discouraged when we ca n't answer the questions for the family , but it does n't change our dedication to the case . '' the case has gotten significant attention on the national level , appearing on several true-crime television shows , including hln 's `` nancy grace . '' so it was strange to many in pennsylvania that for years a case with such a high profile would be handled by the tiny bellefonte police department , where one investigator was assigned to juggle gricar 's case along with several more . in 2014 , the state police took over , but that was nine years after gricar went missing and two years after he had been declared legally dead . sources close to the investigation told cnn the case , as state police received it , was disorganized and porous . evidence had been compromised in storage . reports were missing . evidence had been collecting dust in file cabinets . there was never a forensic audit of his finances . today , some of gricar 's friends believe the case is damaged beyond repair . they have lost faith that there will ever be any answers . when asked if she thought things might change when state police got the case , barbara gray , his ex-wife and the mother of his daughter lara , said no . `` the evidence is the same , '' she said . lara declined to comment , and investigators said they 've had trouble reaching her . `` there is always a remote possibility that we might never have an answer , '' said lt. james emigh , who leads the investigation for the pennsylvania state police after inheriting it last year . `` we still hold out hope , and the state police will however continue to diligently follow up every possible lead and attempt to bring closure to the family and friends of ray . ''