( cnn ) donald sterling 's racist remarks cost him an nba team last year . but now it 's his former female companion who has lost big . a los angeles judge has ordered v. stiviano to pay back more than $ 2.6 million in gifts after sterling 's wife sued her . in the lawsuit , rochelle `` shelly '' sterling accused stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men . she claimed donald sterling used the couple 's money to buy stiviano a ferrari , two bentleys and a range rover , and that he helped her get a $ 1.8 million duplex . who is v. stiviano ? stiviano countered that there was nothing wrong with donald sterling giving her gifts and that she never took advantage of the former los angeles clippers owner , who made much of his fortune in real estate . shelly sterling was thrilled with the court decision tuesday , her lawyer told cnn affiliate kabc . `` this is a victory for the sterling family in recovering the $ 2,630,000 that donald lavished on a conniving mistress , '' attorney pierce o'donnell said in a statement . `` it also sets a precedent that the injured spouse can recover damages from the recipient of these ill-begotten gifts . '' stiviano 's gifts from donald sterling did n't just include uber-expensive items like luxury cars . according to the los angeles times , the list also includes a $ 391 easter bunny costume , a $ 299 two-speed blender and a $ 12 lace thong . donald sterling 's downfall came after an audio recording surfaced of the octogenarian arguing with stiviano . in the tape , sterling chastises stiviano for posting pictures on social media of her posing with african-americans , including basketball legend magic johnson . `` in your lousy f**ing instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , '' sterling said in the audio first posted by tmz . he also tells stiviano not to bring johnson to clippers games and not to post photos with the hall of famer so sterling 's friends can see . `` admire him , bring him here , feed him , f**k him , but do n't put ( magic ) on an instagram for the world to have to see so they have to call me , '' sterling said . nba commissioner adam silver banned sterling from the league , fined him $ 2.5 million and pushed through a charge to terminate all of his ownership rights in the franchise . fact check : donald sterling 's claims vs. reality . cnn 's dottie evans contributed to this report .