( cnn ) this week 's attack on garissa university college is al-shabaab 's fifth major assault in kenya in the past year and a half . the thursday massacre was the most deadly assault so far , with 147 dead , easily eclipsing the terrorist group 's most notorious attack , a four-day siege in late september 2013 at the westgate mall in nairobi in which 67 people were killed . after the westgate attack , al-shabaab unleashed a string of attacks in kenya that have killed more than 100 people -- assaulting the coastal town of mpeketoni on june 16 , 2014 ; shooting bus passengers who could not recite the quran on november 22 , 2014 ; and then , days later , executing christian quarry laborers . why is al-shabaab , a somali nationalist , islamist group affiliated with al qaeda , targeting kenya ? al-shabaab says its attacks are to protest the more than 3,500 kenyan soldiers participating in the african union peacekeeping mission in somalia . but if that is the case , why does n't al-shabaab target kenyan military bases rather than attacking undefended so-called soft targets such as kenyan malls and universities ? in fact , thursday 's attack on the university is one more sign of the weakness of al-shabaab , which has steadily been losing ground for years in somalia as a result of the african union forces fighting them there , as well as a covert u.s. drone and special operations forces campaign that has also degraded the group 's capabilities . in 2006 , al-shabaab controlled the somali capital of mogadishu and , in the following years , much of central and southern somalia . six years later , african union forces had recaptured mogadishu , parts of southern somalia and critical cities such as kismayo . the loss of kismayo , al-shabaab 's last city stronghold and an important port , took a financial toll on the group . ground battles with african union forces have decimated al-shabaab 's rank-and-file , while u.s. drone strikes and special operations raids have killed some of the group 's leaders . in the past four years , according to a count by new america , the u.s. has launched a dozen drone strikes and six special operations raids against al-shabaab . these strikes and raids -- almost all occurring in southern somalia -- have targeted the terrorist group 's training camps and leaders . american drones or special operators have killed 10 leaders : aden hashi ayro , the top commander ; ahmed abdi godane , ayro 's successor ; a top commander , sheikh muhidin mohamud omar ; saleh ali saleh nabhan , a senior official who operated training camps ; commander jabreel malik muhammed ; bilal al-berjawi , the deputy of military leader fazul abdullah mohammed ; chief bomb-maker ibrahim ali abdi ; intelligence chief tahlil abdishakur ; yusef dheeq , the chief of external operations and planning for intelligence and security ; and adan garar , who was involved in planning the westgate mall attack . al-shabaab has been unraveling for years . thursday 's attack should remind the world that the group is a pale shadow of the organization that once dominated much of somalia but now is reduced to high profile attacks against undefended civilian targets.​ .