( cnn ) recently , nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals . believe it or not , nashville prosecutors have offered this option four times in the past five years . there has been public outrage at the notion that a defendant in america in 2015 would be offered a choice of sterilization as part of a plea deal . except , it happens all the time . some have claimed this practice `` evokes a dark corner of american history '' where the mentally ill or `` deficient '' were forced to undergo sterilization . yeah , that 's true . we did that . and it was bad . except this is n't quite that . female sterilization is linked to the controversial `` eugenics '' movement , which advocated for the notion that the human race can be improved by selective breeding of people with superior genes . there is even a 1927 supreme court case , buck v. bell , in which the justices ruled that a state statute permitting compulsory sterilization of the unfit and `` imbeciles , '' `` for the protection and health of the state , '' was constitutional . the opinion in the case is stunning , especially because the supreme court has never technically overruled it . but buck v. bell dealt with involuntary sterilization of people because of their mental disabilities , not because they were being punished for a crime . you can hate sterilization , and the tennessee case may have the creepy feel of the antiquated practice of eugenics , but it 's not that . present-day sterilization plea deals involve a voluntary choice of sterilization by persons accused of a crime , and for whom sterilization will be part of their punishment . others may argue that the supreme court has already spoken on the issue of compulsory sterilization as punishment , and struck it down . that 's true too , sort of . in skinner v. oklahoma , the court struck down a law permitting compulsory sterilization of criminals as unconstitutional , but not because it was cruel and unusual . instead , the law was struck down because the law was unequally applied for similar crimes . so the question remains : is sterilization as a punishment unconstitutional ? the eighth amendment provides : `` excessive bail shall not be required , nor excessive fines imposed , nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted . '' practically , however , punishments are rarely deemed cruel and unusual by the judiciary . we have executed people with hangings and by firing squad . sterilization has to be somewhere below that , right ? ultimately , however , the constitutionality of sterilization may be a red herring in this analysis , because it appears that even if a punishment vciolates the constitution , it is permissible , if you willingly choose it . suppose arguendo ( for argument 's sake ) that sterilization is judicially labeled a cruel and unusual punishment , violating the eighth amendment . this is where it gets interesting : it still might be an appropriate and constitutional part of a plea deal . shocked ? you should n't be . as citizens , we validly waive our constitutional rights all the time . you waive your fourth amendment protections against search and seizure when you answer `` yes '' to an officer 's `` mind if i look in your trunk ? '' you waive your fifth amendment privilege against self-incrimination when you try to explain to the detective in the interrogation room how that body got in your vehicle 's trunk . so then , if we can validly waive our other constitutional rights , can we waive our eighth amendment rights and choose a cruel and unusual punishment , even if it would otherwise be unconstitutional ? and are people outraged because this is a new step in punishment or a new frontier and a slippery slope in the world of plea deals ? nope . sterilization statutes have been around for a while as punishment for defendants all over the country , and defendants have willingly chosen the procedure . if sterilization plea deals are likely constitutional , and we 've been doing it for a while , then that begs the question : why the outrage now ? why the story that a tennessee prosecutor was fired for a plea bargain that appears to be widely practiced ? there are really only two possibilities . first , some people just had no idea that this was going on until this story hit the news . second , even if we knew about it , we did n't mind the practice until now because of one fundamental difference . most of the sterilization defendants are men . search your feelings , luke . when we talk about castrating men who are recidivist sexual predators and child molesters , the idea of castration as punishment does n't sound so bad right ? be honest : let go of your `` we're-all-equal-in-all-ways '' banner for a moment . after all , not too long ago , execution was a legal punishment for nonhomicide sex crimes in some jurisdictions . so if we 're ok with the gas chamber , we 're probably ok with a snip . it 's ok. you can admit it ; we are all hardwired with a modicum of gender bias , whether we like it or not . still not convinced ? watch this parlor trick : what if i suggested sterilization for a person convicted of having sex with a minor ? so far you 're not ruling it out . and what if it 's a young female high school teacher having sex with her 17-year-old student ? most of our gut feelings shifted from `` maybe '' to `` no '' just now . it 's ok to admit that , too . of course , sterilization wo n't prevent a female sex offender from offending again , no more than sterilization will prevent a male offender from offending again . but the point is , somehow , the notion of sterilizing a male criminal somehow sits better with us than sterilizing a female criminal . maybe it 's that on a primal , unconscious level , what feels cruel and unusual punishment for a woman just feels less so for a man . even if you 're offended by this theory of why an old practice is now a `` shocking '' news story , you must concede it fits . why else has castration of men not been a blip on the radar , but offering a woman the option of sterilization is suddenly a travesty ? of course , we have to consider the related justification . overall , a lot more men commit acts that merit sterilization than do women . just ask any domestic violence prosecutor . are sterilization plea deals morally right ? it 's hard to say . for now , they appear to be constitutional , but controversial . if we know a mother is likely to kill or seriously hurt her current children or her unborn child , should the government step in ? if so , to what degree ? fortunately , we can avoid a final decision and continue to attack the problem in a way that seems to be more acceptable for now : just keep neutering the men .