( cnn ) police in the indian city of malegaon , in the western state of maharashtra , are requiring identity cards for an unusual group of residents : cattle . following a recent state-wide ban on the sale and consumption of beef , authorities in the city have asked residents to take a ' mugshot ' of their cattle and submit it to the police . along with the photograph , the residents have to give information about their animal 's ' unique features , ' such as the coloring and age of the cow , along with the length of its tail and other distinctive characteristics . police officials believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law . cows are considered holy and revered by that state 's majority hindu population . `` we are creating a database . if we get an information of a cow slaughter , we can quickly go to the resident 's place and check whether it is there or not '' , mahesh sawai , deputy superintendent of malegaon police told cnn . `` i believe this will be very effective '' . so far over 100 owners have complied with the police order and more are lining up outside police stations across the city to get their livestock photographed . the ruling came in the wake of a recent case of cow slaughter in malegaon , where two men have been charged for killing the animal and and selling its meat . the maharashtra animal preservation bill now includes bans on the killing of bulls and bullocks in its list of non-bailable offenses . even the consumption or sale of beef could now land you in prison for five years . the slaughter of buffaloes , however , is still permissible . however , beef traders in the country strongly reacted to the decision and called a month-long strike , which ended wednesday . the traders refused to even slaughter buffaloes and deprive the state of all bovine meat . they have now vowed to file a case in the state 's high court . red meat lovers were n't too delighted either , arguing the government does n't have a right to interfere in an individual 's personal preference . maharashtra is not the only indian state to tighten its laws on cow slaughter . haryana state has implemented a maximum punishment of 10 years in prison , the toughest penalty in the country . rajnath singh , india 's home minister has promised that he would do all to devise a country-wide law against cow slaughter .