( cnn ) robert bates , 73 , shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police . bates was a reserve deputy sheriff , which allowed him to `` work full time jobs in the community and volunteer ... time in a myriad of events such as the special olympics and tulsa state fair , '' according to the tulsa county sheriff office 's website . but bates was n't limited to crowd control at sporting events for the disabled . he had taken part in more than 100 operations with the violent crimes task force , according to his lawyer . on april 2 , bates thought he was going to use a taser on eric harris , who deputies had just tackled after he sold an undercover officer a lugar pistol and then took off running . but bates was n't holding a taser . he was holding his gun . he fired one shot and killed harris . from a policing perspective , there was n't even good reason to use a taser against harris . cops were on scene . harris was n't getting the upper hand . he was n't going anywhere . and despite what bates would later claim , harris was not running like a man with a gun . in fact , harris was running fast and his arms were pumping very much like a man who is not protecting a gun in his waistband . what was bates , an insurance company ceo , doing there in the first place ? it certainly looks like bates was given special access to `` real '' policing . harris had given $ 2,500 to sheriff stanley glanz 's re-election campaign . he donated cars to the department . he gave equipment . so it would be noteworthy if bates ends up being convicted based on evidence provided by `` sunglass cameras '' that he may have purchased for the department . a tulsa police official said the agency has 130 reserve deputies , many of them wealthy people who make donations to the police . `` that 's not unusual at all , '' he told the tulsa world . maybe bates could have been a reserve deputy without donating anything . but i doubt there are many volunteer septuagenarians working with the violent crimes task force . he was too old to be policing the streets . tulsa police said that bates had served a year in 1964 as a police officer . most police departments have mandatory retirement ages . federal law-enforcement officers , for instance , retire at 57 . how easy is it to confuse a gun for a taser ? police officers generally look with a skeptical eye toward volunteers . for one thing , it makes it tougher to push for a pay raise when people are offering to do your job for free . but departments also know that you get what you pay for . what is the point of background checks , psychological tests and the professional training police undergo if a person can donate a few grand and go out on patrol ? some people are a little too eager to be police officers . these people perhaps buy a police-like car for their personal car . maybe they put in a police light or two . some have actually made car stops . police departments hate cop impersonators ( it 's illegal , by the way ) and try and weed them during the hiring process . you want workers who like the job , but not too much ; there 's a fine line between passion and fanaticism . that said , there are good volunteer police officers . new york city , for example , has auxiliary police . these officers received more limited training and they help with neighborhood events and other nonenforcement activities . they wear an nypd uniform but do not carry a gun . auxiliary police and similar programs reinforce the notion that the police are the public and the public are the police . volunteers remind us all that policing is a noble public calling , and most police work does not have to be done by overly militarized swat officers . an auxiliary program also allows young recruits a way to dip their foot into the police world before taking the plunge . it can be a great benefit to everybody when potential officers discover the job is n't for them before they are locked into a 20-year commitment . what happened in tulsa county is a disgrace to police professionalism , and the fallout from this disaster may push police departments to end these kinds of programs . that would be a mistake . police departments should encourage more productive interactions between police and the public . but a line does need to be drawn .