( cnn ) it 's clear from hillary clinton 's campaign rollout -- a video announcement/campaign ad/short film that debuted sunday afternoon -- that she will make women and being a woman central to her outreach . in case you 're skeptical , vox has posted a handy `` by the numbers '' for her campaign video , and there are 38 people besides clinton in the two-minute ad . twenty of them are women . there are three separate mentions of motherhood . this is all fine and good ( and predictable ) if you acknowledge that the proportion of women who vote has exceeded the proportion of men who vote in every presidential election since 1980 . and let 's not overlook the fact that clinton is in fact a woman , and that 's a fine thing to celebrate . but in reality , she does n't have to wonder if a woman-centered campaign is the best strategy . she can simply look back to the most recent elections to see that overplaying to one half of the eligible-voting population failed spectacularly all over the country , in red and blue states , when that strategy was employed by both male and female candidates . as i 've previously written , the 2014 midterm elections saw the death of a political meme : the `` war on women . '' granted , that 's not because republicans convinced the country that they were the party of women . but it is noteworthy that democrats who overtly pandered to women at the expense of real issues ( and men ) crashed and burned . to wit : in colorado , sen. mark udall was nicknamed `` mark uterus '' for all the time he spent fear-mongering on women 's reproductive issues , only to end up , according to exit polls , eight points ahead among women . his opponent , cory gardner , finished 17 points ahead among men . in new york , a democratic candidate for congress , martha robertson , drew laughs from the audience during a debate for accusing her opponent of engaging in a `` war on women . '' to repeat , she was a woman , a democrat , in new york . in louisiana , sen. mary landrieu sought to give her ailing campaign a boost in by part blaming sexism for democrats ' lack of popularity in the south . not surprisingly , southerners voted for her opponent , bill cassidy . in texas , where liberal wendy davis ran almost entirely on an abortion-rights platform , she accused republicans of sexism for daring to scrutinize her inaccurate biography . her opponent , greg abbott , won by 20 points , and davis only ended up with 47 % of the women vote . whether in texas or colorado , new york or louisiana , voters made it clear they cared about more than just reproductive issues and were n't going to be bullied into voting democratic by false cries of sexism . but while democrats were screaming about the republicans ' `` war on women , '' few in the media acknowledged that the democrats ' deficit among men was actually greater than the republicans ' deficit among women . exit polls in 2014 showed that men voted for republicans over democrats by a 16-point margin , and women voted for democrats by only a four-point margin . regardless of whom republicans run for president , hillary clinton will most likely get the women vote . what she needs are men . so instead of running a woman-centered campaign , she might want to figure out a way to court the other sex .