( cnn ) on october 31 , 2014 , the italian government announced the end of `` mare nostrum '' -- a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril as they tried to cross the mediterranean to seek security and a new life in europe . in the operation 's year-long existence , the italian navy and coastguard had rescued an estimated 100,000 people . but it proved expensive and politically contentious , and europe was not prepared to help italy shoulder the burden of the crisis . without european support , the italian government cut back the naval assets dedicated to rescuing migrants . mare nostrum , which had been launched after some 600 people died when two migrant ships sank in 2013 , was replaced by the more modest `` operation triton , '' under the auspices of the european union 's border agency , frontex . triton has about one-third of the funding of mare nostrum , with just six ships and patrol boats , two planes and one helicopter . it was designed as a policing rather than a humanitarian mission . at its inception , klaus rosler , operations director for frontex , said `` triton is not a replacement for mare nostrum . '' nor was frontex `` a coordinating body for search and rescue operations . '' six months later , the argument about how to handle unprecedented numbers of desperate people heading for europe continues unabated . contributors to triton include portugal , the netherlands , finland and iceland . britain -- for example -- is not . it argues that search and rescue operations in international waters are `` an unintended ' pull factor , ' encouraging more migrants to attempt the dangerous sea crossing and thereby leading to more tragic and unnecessary deaths . '' it 's perhaps no coincidence that immigration is a hot-button issue in britain , with the uk independence party attacking the conservative-led coalition government for being soft on allowing foreigners into the country . similarly , the opposition northern league in italy opposed mare nostrum , accusing it of enticing migrants . if the first few months of this year are any guide , demand has not diminished even if the prospect of being rescued has . people from syria , mali and eritrea are among the tens of thousands trying to escape repression , violence and abject poverty . despite the danger , the great majority head first for libya , where the collapse of authority allows smuggling operations to go unhindered . italy -- the european state whose territory is closest to libya -- has borne the brunt of the task of picking up , sheltering and providing food and medical help to the illegal migrants . in 2014 , 170,000 migrants arrived in italy by sea . italian ships have picked up about 11,000 migrants in the past week alone . the islands of sicily and of lampedusa ( which is closer to tunisia than to mainland italy ) see an almost daily influx of human misery . and at this time of year , there is a surge in the illegal trafficking as the weather and sea conditions improve . italian prime minister matteo renzi has said the mediterranean is a sea , not a cemetery . on sunday , in the wake of the latest disaster , he complained that italy had been coping with the crisis in `` near solitude , sometimes assisted by some other international presence . '' italy has also led calls for an international peacekeeping issue to help restore stability in libya , not least in an effort to tackle the flow of migrants , many of whom set out from around misrata and other ports in the west of the country . according to some human rights groups , the danger to migrants on the high seas has been accentuated by merchant ships turning a blind eye to boats in distress -- despite a maritime obligation to come to the aid of vessels in peril . after the latest sinking , the european commission called an urgent meeting of foreign and interior ministers , saying that `` the reality is stark and our actions must therefore be bold . these are human lives at stake , and the european union as a whole has a moral and humanitarian obligation to act . '' eu foreign policy chief federica mogherini , who is italian , said sunday : `` we need to save human lives all together , as all together we need to protect our borders and to fight the trafficking of human beings . '' the task could not be `` left only to the southern countries , '' she insisted . but bold action is rarely a hallmark of the eu . the recently installed head of the european commission , jean-claude junker , has set out his priorities -- but they are yet to be acted upon . junker said the current budget of frontex - some 90 million euros ( $ 97 million ) - was `` a good start but does not yet equal the task of protecting europe 's common borders . '' that money has to cover all frontex 's roles -- and it 's not only the italian coast that is being targeted by migrants . further east , thousands of migrants are trying to reach greece by land and sea . according to the un 's refugee agency , 219,000 refugees and migrants crossed the mediterranean last year . junker has also argued for greater assistance to the european asylum support office , which is based in malta , arguing for `` more thorough risk assessments to spot problem areas before they become overloaded . '' most controversially , junker is proposing europe adopt a common asylum system , saying that `` one and the same applicant for asylum can have a 70-75 % chance of being granted asylum in one country of the european union and less than 1 % , with the same reasons , in another country . '' but progress toward a europe-wide approach on migration is painfully slow . the european commission plans to publish a policy document next month , but member states are in no hurry to grapple with such a politically explosive and costly subject . in the meantime , the argument in european meetings is likely to focus on priorities , with some ( the uk and germany ) likely to argue that more resources must be devoted to cracking down on the lucrative people-smuggling racket . `` we must target the traffickers who are responsible for so many people dying at sea and prevent their innocent victims from being tricked or forced into making these perilous journeys , '' said british foreign secretary philip hammond sunday . others , including italy , greece , spain and france , are expected to seek more concerted action in handling and funding the influx . but the hundreds of migrants being herded onto barely seaworthy boats from libyan beaches will be oblivious to the debate . read more : migrant deaths at sea - what is europe going to do ? read more : why migrants are risking their lives to reach italyread more : ' i enter europe or i die ' - desperate migrants rescuedread more : how do illegal immigrants get into europe ?