( cnn ) wednesday 's game between the baltimore orioles and chicago white sox will be closed to the public , the orioles announced tuesday . the closed-door contest follows the postponements of monday 's and tuesday 's games against the white sox until a doubleheader scheduled for may 28 following unrest in baltimore . a source within major league baseball told cnn the league is not aware of any prior closed-door games in major league history . the game at oriole park at camden yards is scheduled to begin at 2:05 p.m . et . the game will be televised on the masn regional cable network . `` after conferring with local officials , it was determined that wednesday afternoon 's game should be played without fan admittance in order to minimize safety concerns , '' major league baseball said . the office of new commissioner rob manfred said the league and orioles will keep an eye on the situation in baltimore . `` our thoughts are with all those who have been affected by violence in baltimore , and everyone in our game hopes for peace and the safety of a great american city , '' manfred said . hall of famer frank thomas tweeted that the series should be moved to a later date . the former white sox star said , `` playing in front of a empty house makes no sense ! ! '' the game changes come as the situation in the city remains tense following monday 's riots , with more protests and arrests tuesday . mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said the closed game will mean `` another sad day in our city . '' `` we 're a sports town . we love our o 's , '' rawlings-blake told cnn 's wolf blitzer . the orioles said tickets from monday 's postponed game can be used for admittance on may 28 . fans with tickets for tuesday 's game must exchange them for tickets for any remaining home game , including may 28 . the team also announced it would move three games ( may 1-3 ) against the tampa bay rays to florida . the orioles will still be the home team , the team said . fans with tickets for those games and wednesday 's contest can swap their tickets for future games , based on the dollar amount of the ticket . exchanges must be completed by june 30 , the team said . the orioles have averaged more than 33,000 fans in their first nine games at camden yards this season , about 73 % of capacity . according to mlb.com , games have been postponed in the past because of security concerns . in 1992 , four los angeles dodgers games were pushed back because of riots after the acquittals of police officers in the rodney king case . in 1967 , riots in detroit prompted baseball officials to move games between the tigers and the orioles to baltimore . opening day of 1968 was postponed for two days after the killing of the rev . martin luther king jr . after the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , all professional baseball was called off for one week . espn anchor and baseball expert keith olbermann tweeted that a september 1882 game hosted by worcester had six fans come , the lowest spectator turnout for a major league game . cnn 's jill martin , dave close and theodore schleifer contributed to this report .