( cnn ) on july 20 , 2012 , excited moviegoers gathered for a midnight screening of `` the dark knight rises '' at the century aurora 16 multiplex theater in aurora , colorado . eighteen minutes into the show , and shortly after midnight , a gunman opened fire on the audience . twelve people were killed and 70 were injured . on monday , shooting suspect james holmes goes on trial for 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder charges . he has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . it 's a moment the survivors and those who lost loved ones have waited for anxiously . it 's a moment that will be a painful next step toward healing and one that will no doubt bring back a flood of painful memories . ahead of the trial , cnn spoke with several people whose lives were changed because of the shooting . they will attend at least part of the trial . pierce o'farrill made a last-minute decision to go to the movies with a friend . o'farrill was shot multiple times and collapsed as he tried to escape . the shooter stood above him , and o'farrill prepared to die . then , the gunman moved in another direction . o'farrill soon saw an officer who told him he was going to make it . kaylan bailey attended the movie with her cousin , jamison , his girlfriend , ashley , and their daughter , veronica . kaylan , just 13 at the time , babysat 6-year-old veronica often . she had watched her earlier in the day when ashley , who was pregnant , had an appointment for an ultrasound . when she heard gunfire , kaylan made a heartrending 911 call . ashley , jamison and veronica had all been shot . veronica was the youngest to die in the theater . ashley was paralyzed and later suffered a miscarriage because of the trauma she suffered . jamison was shot in the head and survived . tom and caren teves lost their son , alex , who was in the theater with his girlfriend . when the shooting began , alex shielded his girlfriend , saving her life and absorbing the bullets that would take his . the teveses remember alex as someone who was fearless , funny and gave the greatest hugs . `` the world had a great person taken out of it that could 've done so much more , '' caren teves said . the teveses launched a campaign called `` no notoriety '' to challenge the media to not show photos or use the name of the shooter . marcus weaver was at the movies with his friend , rebecca wingo . as the gunman opened fire , marcus and rebecca dropped to the ground . during a break in the gunshots , marcus tried to get to the exit , taking rebecca , who was unconscious , with him . the shots started again and it was chaos . marcus had been hit in the shoulder with buckshot , but he made it to an exit . rebecca did n't make it out alive . weaver remembers her as a bright and shining person with a contagious smile . here , in their own words , is a glimpse at what these people are experiencing 2½ years after the shooting and as the trial begins . o'farrill : `` i do n't think the shooting has defined me as a person . but i think what i 've learned from it , the strength that i 've gained from overcoming something this terrible , has become a defining factor of my life . '' bailey : `` i would say that the theater shooting is life-changing , but i do n't think it defines me . '' caren teves : `` the ripple effect from this whole tragedy is just endless . it goes on and on and on . '' tom teves : `` people start to shy away from you , too . because it 's just too painful . and they 're afraid of the fact that you 're a window into the fact that evil exists . because you 're proof that evil exists , not in your persona but in what happened to your child . '' weaver : `` and so as you ask about life , how i see it , i just see it in a different lens . and it took a while to get used to that lens . because i could n't do the same thing i did before . i just was n't that person anymore . i rarely go out to restaurants and stuff . because , you know , people come up to you and start talking about it . ... `` i do n't think anybody who was in that theater that night will ever be the same . '' o'farrill : `` we woke up today , we got out of bed ; this was the day that the lord promised us . but he certainly has n't promised us that ... we 'll live to see another one . so for me , just living in gratitude and being grateful for every moment i get has been key to my healing . '' caren teves : `` it does n't get any easier . you just learn to fake it better . ... you get stronger carrying the weight . '' weaver : `` ... just like my arm 's going to heal , so will i . and we 'll all move past this . and we 'll get stronger . `` o'farrill : `` i do hope to meet him someday . it 's something that 's been on my heart since the shooting happened . and i hope to meet him and just tell him in person , ' look , you know , you tried to kill me but i do n't hate you , and i forgive you . and there 's only one way that 's possible and that 's through jesus . ' '' bailey : `` no , i do n't forgive him . he took so many people 's lives , and he hurt so many other people that were n't even in the theater . he hurt families and friends and just everybody in aurora , honestly . '' caren teves : `` as far as forgiveness goes -- normally , i will forgive someone who asks for forgiveness . in this case , i have n't had anyone ask for forgiveness . '' tom teves : `` god will forgive anyone who asks for forgiveness . but that also means that you have to stand up and take responsibility for your actions . '' weaver : `` there 's no doubt about it . i forgive him . i really do n't even think about him that much at this point ... i just did n't want to carry that bag of rocks on my back anymore . '' o'farrill : `` the trial starting , i think , will kind of stir things up . and it 's been something i 've really been trying to prepare myself for , you know . talking to my counselor about it and praying on it daily , and understanding that , again , i ca n't control how it all unfolds , you know . but i can be prepared for it . '' bailey : `` i 've never been involved in something so serious . i do n't think it 's hit me . i do n't think i realize what i 'm going into . '' tom teves : `` it does n't bring these emotions to the surface again for us . these emotions never leave for us . '' weaver : `` you start thinking about being on that stand . you start thinking about seeing the shooter right there . you start thinking about -- just all kinds of things and what 's it going to be like . and it just races in your head , if you let it , you know ? so part of the coping skills is you just do n't let it . go do something different . go exercise . go hang out with your wife . '' o'farrill : `` whatever punishment james holmes receives is not going to be part of my closure . i certainly understand that other folks are looking forward to that and that 's their path . but we all have different paths to healing . '' bailey : `` so , like , i do n't think that if he does get the death penalty , then , i 'll , i do n't know how to word this . i wo n't be happy because that 's another person 's life . but i think he deserves it . '' caren teaves : `` the only justice , for me ... is if that thing was in an urn on my dresser , and alex was sitting next to us on this couch . that 's the only justice . '' weaver : `` although i 'm not a death penalty person , if the death penalty was ever warranted in any case , it 's this case . ''