dongguan , china ( cnn ) for a decade , the new south china mall -- the biggest shopping mall in the world -- has been an embarrassment for its owners and china . opened to the public in 2005 in dongguan in the south of the country , the goal was to attract 100,000 visitors a day with an array of entertainment , shops and eateries . outside the mall , a giant egyptian sphinx and a replica of the arc de triomphe were erected alongside fountains and canals complete with venetian gondolas . it even boasted an indoor roller coaster . but despite the grand plans neither stores nor shoppers came . soon , it was classified by industry analysts as a `` dead mall '' and it became an unflattering symbol of china 's runaway speculation on real estate projects . the mall spans five million square feet of shopping area , making it the largest in the world in terms of leasable space -- more than twice the size of mall of america , the biggest shopping center in the united states . when i visited two years ago , the mall was deserted . most units were empty . paint was coming off the walls and store signs and advertisements had faded . the air had a dry smell of dust and garbage was piled everywhere . the occupancy rate was less than 10 % . it was a walk through a ghost mall . however , a visit in late march revealed a different picture . the mall was buzzing with activity . large parts of the previously abandoned buildings are now full of shops , restaurants and entertainment venues . visitors could be seen browsing for luxury sunglasses and designer jeans , dining at the korean , italian or chinese restaurants or enjoying the new entertainment facilities . screams and laughter can be heard from merry-go-rounds . `` it 's been a big change . it 's a clear modernization , '' said david carr , an english teacher from the united states who is living in dongguan with his wife danae , also a teacher . `` we come here at least once a month now . '' despite the signs of life , much of the mall is still vacant . but most of the unoccupied units , along with halls and walkways are under renovation . even on a saturday , it 's full of construction workers and the constant sound of jack-hammering and sawing . ms shu , head of new south china mall 's marketing unit , told cnn that there are plans for a re-launch ceremony this spring , when all construction work will be completed and most shop and restaurant areas are leased to tenants . `` all construction that is currently going on at the mall is preparation for the opening in may , '' she said , declining to give her full name . `` we expect that from may , we will have almost full occupancy rate and no empty shops . '' she said she could n't offer any more details as she was not authorized to speak with media . ms ye , head of investments , confirmed that `` business is really great , '' but would not comment further . dutch retail chain spar , which has expanded its supermarket to two floors , explained on its website that it had re-launched last year during the mall 's `` upgrading and retrofitting program . '' there are also plenty of recruitment ads posted at the entrance of the mall . when i spoke to her , huang haiyan , a young chinese woman , was just two days away from opening a little café called `` miss & h '' in one of the passage ways being renovated . sitting on the sidewalk outside the café , she and her partners were busy washing up cups , classes and plates ahead of the big day . `` i 'm so excited ! '' she said , showing the kind of enthusiasm that had been non-existent when i last visited the mall two years ago . `` you must come , my coffee is the best in china ! '' the area around the previously run-down arc de triomphe is now a tranquil roofed boulevard with small coffee shops where youngsters play cards and mothers sip lattes . in january , a globe shaped imax-style cinema was launched at the outdoor square . one of the more eye-catching new sources of entertainment is a role-playing amusement center for children called myrules world . today , it no longer feels like a walk through a ghost mall . it 's hard to believe how rapid the change has been . economist brian jackson says the shift in focus towards restaurants and businesses that target china 's middle , rather than , upper class , is a smart move on behalf of the developers . `` many large malls ( and residential construction ) in china ... . are all hoping to target one demographic -- the upper class , '' he said . `` what is needed to succeed is retail space that caters to ( the much larger ) bulk of middle-class chinese . '' and , he says , other developments that were once labeled `` ghost cities '' have gone on to thrive . `` one to three years is a blink of an eye in terms of city developments , so many of these cities still have time to fill and become functional , '' jackson said . despite its retrofitting program , the problems that have dogged the mall since its start will not disappear instantly . most of dongguan 's almost 10 million inhabitants are migrant workers struggling to make ends meet . the town is also facing difficulties as manufacturing moves elsewhere in china or to southeast asia where wages are lower . china is also haunted by serious problems in its real-estate market , with over investment and large vacancy rates . in march , prices of new homes fell for the twelfth consecutive month . what 's more , the mall 's latest re-launch is not its first . in 2007 , the mall changed name from `` south china mall '' to `` new south china mall , living city '' and a revitalization plan was drawn up by current owners the founders group , a conglomerate set up by peking university , and its subsidiary pku founder . but the revamp failed and the mall remained empty . now , the owners are hoping for third time lucky . pictures : inside a chinese ghost city .