( cnn ) most companies in south korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week . literally , this means dinner with co-workers . in practice , it means official eating/drinking fests involving multiple rounds of alcohol at multiple venues . for the foreign business traveler , using foreignness as an excuse to bow out of the action only goes so far . the pressure to participate is intense . drinking etiquette is the first thing you teach foreign guests , '' says bryan do , a korean-american director at the south korean branch of a u.s. company . `` it was shocking when i first arrived in korea . `` my boss was a graduate of korea university [ renowned for its hardy drinking culture ] and at my first hoesik , we started out with everyone filling a beer glass with soju , and downing it on the spot . that was just the beginning . '' for koreans , drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like . `` i did n't really like it in the beginning , '' says charles lee , a korean-canadian who came to seoul to work for a south korean company . `` i was like , ' why are you making me drink something when i do n't want to ? ' but once i understood the meaning behind it , i appreciated it more . `` there are just some things you ca n't say at work or talk about over lunch -- people who talk about work at lunch are losers . but when someone offers you a glass of soju , it 's an invitation that means that they want to listen to you . `` i thought koreans were impersonal before i drank with them , so the whole context is important . '' drinking is such a big part of korean life that seoul traffic is said to correspond with the city 's drinking culture . mondays are a big night for hoesik , so there are fewer cars during evening rush hour , as most office workers leave them at work so they can go drinking . tuesdays are a rest day , while wednesday and thursday nights are also big nights for company drinking . fridays have the worst evening traffic , as everyone is taking their cars home to use with their families over the weekend . so how do you avoid offending someone ( worst of all , a superior or client ) at a korean drinking extravaganza ? follow these seven handy rules . koreans always identify the `` higher '' person in the relationship , and defer to them accordingly . one of the first things koreans often ask when meeting someone new is their age . even someone just a year older is afforded a language of respect , though age is always superseded by a higher position . it 's considered rude for anyone to have an empty glass . if a senior person is pouring -- this usually pertains to hard liquor only -- others should n't drink until someone has poured the senior a shot . after all glasses are full , everyone says `` gunbae ! '' and chugs -- usually `` one-shotting '' the entire glass in one go . while downing alcohol , you should turn your body away from senior figures so that your body visually blocks your drinking action from your senior . always hold bottles or shot glasses with both hands . by raising your glass or pouring alcohol with one hand , you are establishing yourself as a senior person . if you 're not , well , you 've just breached protocol . it 's always a good idea to find out people 's drinking habits beforehand . it should n't be difficult to find out what people like to drink or how they behave when intoxicated . hoesik usually involves changing venues for a different type of alcohol -- i.e. , round one is dinner , accompanied by beer , round two is soju , round three is for whiskey , and so on . be ready for each . unless you have an airtight reason , refusing alcohol is considered a mood killer and deemed rude . sorry , but `` i do n't like soju '' does n't qualify as a good reason not to punish your liver . neither would `` i 've been on the wagon for three years . '' in fact , unless you 're pregnant or already puking , what might be a `` good reason '' not to imbibe elsewhere often wo n't fly here . it 's generally best to accept and discreetly get rid of unwanted alcohol ( under the table , into your water cup , out the window ) than to refuse it . one of the most popular venues in korea for business drinking is the karaoke bar . koreans love singing , as evidenced by the country 's staggering number of karaoke bars , as well as the rush of audition programs on korean television . your companions wo n't rest until you sing . they 'll coax , threaten , push and cajole until you finally take that mic . be prepared to crack under the immense peer pressure . if you simply can not take any more , you can call a black knight ( male ) or a black rose ( female ) to your rescue . this entails a person of your choosing drinking your glass for you , but it also means they get a wish . as in , you might soon wish you 'd just taken that last shot as you 're spelling your name out with your butt in front of your client . bottoms up . christopher cha is a korean-american writer based in seoul .