( cnn ) erika langhart had a zest for life . by the time she finished college she had already visited 37 countries . after graduating from college she was working in washington and thinking about going to law school . her life was full of promise , but all that ended suddenly when she was just 24 years old . in phoenix , karen langhart was looking forward to her daughter coming home for thanksgiving when she received a call from erika 's cell phone . in an interview with cnn , erika 's mom said she `` picked up the phone and answered it , ' hi schmoo , ca n't wait to see you ' -- schmoo-bear is our nickname for her -- and it was sean . '' with groceries in hand , erika 's boyfriend , sean coakley , had arrived at her apartment to make dinner and found erika collapsed on the floor . the fire department and paramedics were already on the scene . the attendant at the front desk had heard erika screaming for help and called 911 . `` [ the paramedics ] tried to revive her with cpr and while they were in the apartment , i think she had a heart attack and then two more on the way to the hospital in the ambulance , and another one in the hospital , and she never woke up , '' erika 's father , rick langhart , said . karen knew it was serious when the emergency room doctor said they needed to come to the hospital in arlington , virginia . she said the doctor asked her whether erika was using any birth control . according to karen , when she told him erika was using the nuvaring , `` he said well there 's a link between nuvaring and pulmonary embolisms , '' karen langhart said . rick langhart said doctors removed the nuvaring immediately . `` it was , it was a nightmare , '' he added . by the time rick and karen arrived at the virginia hospital center , erika was in a coma , in the icu . `` they had determined that erika had no brain activity and that because of her heart attacks they basically told us that she was brain dead and that 's it , '' rick langhart said , fighting back tears . hospital records cited the nuvaring as a risk factor for erika 's multiple pulmonary embolisms . records confirm what erika 's parents told cnn : that a blood clot started in an artery/vein in her right thigh and traveled to her lungs , causing `` massive '' pulmonary embolisms and `` multiple episodes of cardiac arrest '' on the way to the hospital and overnight . the langharts never heard their daughter 's voice again . she died on thanksgiving . `` we miss her so much , '' karen langhart said . less than a year later , 2,000 miles away in utah , megan henry had the scare of her life . henry , it turns out , was a classmate of erika langhart 's at american university . she 's training to compete in the olympics in skeleton , a type of high-speed downhill sledding . the scare that shook her in august 2012 threatened her olympic dreams . within weeks of starting the nuvaring , henry said she collapsed during training , unable to breathe . `` i mean i was struggling , i was struggling to breathe . '' henry said . `` it 's like an elephant was sitting on my chest all the time . '' after seeing five doctors who were unable to tell her what was wrong , she finally got a diagnosis from a pulmonologist . he told her he thought she had blood clots in her lungs . `` i said , you know i started taking this birth control , is it related to this ? '' henry said . `` and he was like , yeah , i definitely think that you have blood clots and it 's from the birth control . '' x-rays , followed by an ultrasound and a cat scan , revealed that megan 's life was in danger . `` [ the doctor ] started to tell me , you have multiple pulmonary embolisms in both lungs , '' said megan . `` they 're sending an ambulance , they 're going to come and they 're going to rush you to the emergency room ... it just really took me by surprise and you know i knew it was something bad but i never imagined it would be something like that . '' according to her hospital discharge papers , the nuvaring henry was using `` was probably the risk factor '' for her pulmonary embolisms . henry went from peak physical condition to using a breathing machine . she was put on blood thinners , too . her doctors told her it 's too risky to use hormonal birth control again . `` easy . safe . that 's really how it was presented -- easy , safe , low-dose hormone -- you know , and it turns out it was n't . it was n't that at all , '' she said . even though nuvaring has about the same risk for blood clots as newer birth control pills , henry said she wishes she had known that the incidence of life-threatening blood clots is double with nuvaring compared to older birth control pills . `` there are other options out there for birth control that have risks , but not doubling the risks , '' henry told cnn . `` if i would have known that i never would have taken it . '' and thinking about what happened to her classmate , erika , henry said , `` i think if i knew what i know now and , you know , if erika had known that , a number of people , i think that they would have made a slightly different choice . '' the nuvaring is one of the most popular birth control products on the market . a flexible ring inserted vaginally , it releases a combination of hormones . by 2010 as many as 830,000 women were using the vaginal ring as a contraceptive method , according to the guttmacher institute , a nonprofit organization advancing sexual and reproductive health worldwide . at least 10.5 million women use hormonal birth control pills . the nuvaring was approved by the fda in 2001 and became available to women in the united states in 2002 . the dutch pharmaceutical company , organon , developed the device and manufactured it until 2007 when the company was sold to schering plough corporation , which was then acquired by merck in 2009 . according to merck , the nuvaring is sold in more than 50 countries , and 44 million prescriptions have been filled for women in the united states alone . the nuvaring dispenses what 's called a third-generation progestin , or synthetic hormone . when it first came on the market , the device was touted as a breakthrough -- inserted vaginally to release a `` continuous low dose of hormones . '' it stays in for three weeks , so no bother of taking a daily birth control pill . the ring was branded in a television commercial as `` a different way to do birth control '' and `` oh ! it 's easy to use . '' convenient ? absolutely . but safe ? that depends on whom you ask . the langharts had no idea the nuvaring birth control their daughter had been using for four years had already been linked to other women 's deaths , according to unconfirmed claims of problems reported to the fda . merck acknowledges a very small risk of blood clots but stands by its product , saying , `` there is substantial evidence to support the safety and efficacy of nuvaring . '' while studies have shown that the number of severe adverse events is extremely low -- fewer than 11 cases per 10,000 women who use it for a year -- the families who have lost loved ones point out that the incidence of life-threatening blood clots is double with nuvaring than with older birth control pills . since the mid-1990s there have been multiple studies suggesting that while third-generation progestins are generally safe , they are approximately twice as likely to cause blood clots than older , second-generation birth control pills . merck denied cnn 's request for an on-camera interview . instead , it gave this statement : `` while there is a very small risk of a blood clot when using nuvaring or any combined hormonal contraceptive , this risk is much less than the risk of blood clots during pregnancy and the immediate post-partum period . '' among 10,000 women , between five and 20 women run the risk of developing a serious blood clot during pregnancy ; the risk increases to between 40 and 65 women during the 12-week postpartum period . among 10,000 women in a year using combination hormonal contraceptives -- that includes birth control pills , the ring and the patch -- the risk of developing serious blood clots ranges between three and 12 women . nuvaring users are on the higher end of that risk . two studies conducted in 2011 and 2012 reveal the risk of developing a serious blood clot among nuvaring users is 11.4 and 8.3 per 10,000 women in a year , respectively . the nuvaring 's label was updated in 2013 by the fda with information about both studies . the langharts , megan henry , and 3,800 others sued merck . according to claims filed in federal and state courts , the lawsuits allege organon , the original manufacturer of the nuvaring , `` failed to adequately warn consumers about a heightened risk of blood clots associated with the use of nuvaring , even though the manufacturer was aware that nuvaring posed greater risks than other hormonal contraceptives . '' in february , without admitting any wrongdoing , merck agreed to pay $ 100 million in damages . but the langharts did not settle , insisting merck be held accountable for what the family said was merck 's failure to properly warn users of the risk . they believe what merck is getting away with is `` criminal . '' `` i do n't understand why a company in the united states would allow that kind of product on the market . it 's not the way americans do business , '' rick langhart said . `` and for them to do what they do in total disregard for what 's going on . it 's criminal to me . '' instead , to honor erika 's memory , they decided to create a nonprofit to inform women of the dangers they believe are related to the nuvaring and the comparative risks of all forms of hormonal contraceptives . the nonprofit 's name , `` informed choice for amerika , '' honors their daughter 's name .