( cnn ) two delaware boys are in a coma and their father still is unable to talk or move two weeks after they became sick -- perhaps from pesticide exposure , federal officials say -- during a trip to the u.s. virgin islands , their lawyer said saturday . steve esmond , his teenage sons and the teens ' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in st. john , where they were renting a villa at the sirenusa resort . the family was airlifted to hospitals in the united states . the boys , 16 and 14 , were in critical condition at a philadelphia hospital on saturday , the family 's lawyer , james maron of delaware , said . `` the boys are in rough shape , '' maron said . `` the family are all fighters , '' he added . `` they 're fighting for everything right now . i understand it 's a long recovery . '' esmond , also being treated at a hospital , is conscious but can not move , maron said . the teens ' mother , theresa devine , was treated at a hospital but released , and is now in occupational therapy , maron said . the u.s. environmental protection agency said friday that the presence of a pesticide at the rented villa in st. john may have caused the illnesses , which were reported to the epa on march 20 . paramedics were called to the villa , which the family began had been renting since march 14 . esmond was found unconscious ; the boys and their mother were having seizures , maron said . the lawyer did not say who called the paramedics . elias rodriguez , an epa spokesman , said the agency 's preliminary test results `` do show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying . '' exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects , including central nervous system and respiratory system damage , according to the epa . the use of the pesticide is restricted in the united states because of its acute toxicity . it 's not allowed to be used indoors . only certified professionals are permitted to use it in certain agricultural settings . `` it 's an ongoing investigation ; we 're still on the island doing our assessment , '' rodriguez said . `` we have been doing different types of air sampling and wipe sampling . '' final test results were expected next week . the epa said it is working with local government agencies to investigate whether the family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on march 18 and whether any environmental regulations or laws were violated . maron , the family 's attorney , declined to comment on the investigation . depending on the season , the luxury villa where the family stayed rents between $ 550 and $ 1,200 per night . sea glass vacations , which acts as a rental agent for several units at sirenusa , said the unit directly below the one where the family stayed was recently treated for pests , but their unit was not treated . the company said it licensed an outside company , terminix , for the pest control services . `` sea glass vacations does not treat the units it manages for pests but instead relies on licensed professionals for pest control services , '' the company said in a statement . the u.s. department of justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter , according to a u.s. securities and exchange commission filing made monday by servicemaster global holdings , the parent company of terminix . in an email to cnn , a spokesman for terminix wrote that the company is `` committed to performing all work ... in a manner that is safe for our customers , employees , the public and the environment '' and is `` looking into this matter internally , and cooperating with authorities . '' `` we 're thinking about the family , and we join the community in wishing them a speedy recovery , '' terminix wrote . the sec filing described the injuries to the family members as `` serious . ''