( cnn ) an improvised bomb exploded near a u.n. vehicle traveling near the northeastern somali city of garowe on monday morning , killing six people -- including four aid workers for the international children 's agency unicef . somalia 's president called it `` an attack against the future of our country . '' the attack follows a separate incident sunday in which three african union troops died in an ambush in the lower shabelle region of somalia . the terrorist group al-shabaab claimed responsibility for monday 's attack , which occurred about 8 a.m. in the administrative capital of the autonomous puntland region , according to the united nations assistance mission in somalia . four of the victims were foreigners and two were somalis , said ahmed abdullahi samatar , the police chief of puntland . unicef , the u.n. aid agency focused on children , said it employed four of the dead . four other workers were in serious condition , the agency said . the bomb went off as a vehicle was taking workers from their guest house to their office . the local police chief said the bomber was inside the vehicle among the u.n. staff . the bomber also died in the attack , according to authorities . nick kay , the special representative of the u.n. secretary-general for somalia , condemned the attack on his twitter account . `` shocked and appalled by loss of life , '' he said . somalia 's president , hassan sheikh mohamud , said he was horrified by the attack . `` this attack is not just targeted at the united nations , but in attacking unicef , al-shabaab has also attacked somali children . it is an attack against the future of our country and i condemn it in the strongest possible terms , '' he said . unicef called the slain workers `` an integral part of unicef 's work in somalia , dedicated to improving the lives of others . '' al-shabaab , the al qaeda-affiliated terrorist group based in somalia , caused outrage this month by carrying out an attack on a kenyan university . nearly 150 people , most of them students , died in that attack . in the sunday incident , three african union troops were ambushed in the lower shabelle region . the african union commission for somalia , or amisom , said sunday that the troops died during a `` spirited fight '' with attackers . `` this attack on amisom peacekeepers is part of the continuous effort to subvert somalia . it is an attempt at disrupting the growth that is evident across all regions , by the enemies of the somali people . the blood of our brothers will however not be shed in vain . amisom will remain committed to pacifying somalia , '' said amisom ambassador maman s. sidikou . cnn 's nana karikari-apau and journalist omar nor contributed to this report .