sao paulo , brazil ( cnn ) hundreds of thousands of brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country , lashing out against president dilma rousseff as she struggles with an economic downturn and a massive bribery scandal . the demonstrators have called for the president to be impeached . on the other side rousseff 's base is holding rallies in her support . there are a number of issues at play . one of the biggest : an investigation into a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme at the state-run oil company petrobras . petrobras was long considered the corporate jewel in brazil 's crown , one of the biggest companies in the world by market capitalization . but last year , investigators launched a sweeping investigation . according to suspects-turned-witnesses , construction companies paid bribes to executives at petrobras as well as politicians to secure lucrative contracts . most of the politicians accused in the investigation belong to the president 's workers party and its allies . during many of the years that the alleged corruption took place , rousseff was the chairwoman of petrobras . there has n't been any evidence she was involved with the scheme , and her supporters say the position is merely a figurehead . rousseff has defended brazilians ' right to protest and acknowledged the need to clean up corruption at petrobras -- but denied any prior knowledge of it . but brazilians are still outraged . rousseff won re-election with just over 50 % of valid votes in october , but her approval rating plummeted to 13 % after the protests last month . compounding the frustration is the economy , which is expected to contract this year . inflation is stubbornly high , and the currency has lost more than 20 % of its value against the dollar this year alone . both sides are . the country was already sharply divided during presidential elections in october . roughly half of the voting population did n't vote for rousseff , and many of those same people joined protests immediately after elections . rousseff 's supporters like to characterize the protesters as brazilian elite and right-wingers , and some small groups do carry signs calling for a military intervention to oust the president . but with the petrobras scandal growing and the economy sinking , the protests have gotten bigger and broader , with many demonstrators saying they initially voted for rousseff . protesters say rousseff should be impeached for failing to halt the corruption at petrobras . on the other hand , labor unions , social activists and groups such as the landless workers movement who support the government have organized their own marches . the demonstrations are meant as a show of force for democracy , with participants saying the president was democratically elected and can not be impeached . but participation has not been consistently strong . the president has said petrobras should be cleaned up . has she done anything about it ? she says she 's given prosecutors and the federal police free rein to investigate the petrobas scandal . some of her allies who have been implicated in the investigation think rousseff should do more to protect them . this scandal has been known publicly for at least a year , and during rousseff 's election campaign , she said she would root out corruption . the brazilian economy was booming for the good part of a decade , bolstered by voracious demand for its commodities from china . but with china 's economy cooling , brazil has failed to find a successful alternative to promote growth and shore up investor confidence . now , with the president 's approval rating abysmally low , it will be difficult to implement the savings needed to get the economy back on track . rousseff has appointed a market-friendly economy minister , joaquim levy , to try and fix the country 's fiscal problems . but in the current political crisis , he has n't been able to make much progress .