boston ( cnn ) when the bomb went off , steve woolfenden thought he was still standing . that was because , as he lay on the ground , he was still holding the handles of his son 's stroller . he pulled back the stroller 's cover and saw that his son , leo , 3 , was conscious but bleeding from the left side of his head . woolfenden checked leo for other injuries and thought , `` let 's get out of here . '' that was before he noticed his achilles tendon , which resembled transparent tape covered in blood , and his left tibia protruding from his boot . the boot was next to his left stump , he testified before a federal jury thursday , the third day in which survivors and family members of those killed in the boston marathon bombing shared their stories -- often gruesome and heartbreaking -- in the sentencing phase for dzhokhar tsarnaev . the prosecution rested thursday afternoon after attempting to convince jurors that tsarnaev was cold-hearted and remorseless . the defense , led by famed death penalty opponent judy clarke , is expected to try to soften that portrayal by calling witnesses to explain tsarnaev 's difficult upbringing . clarke will begin those efforts monday . a group of tsarnaev 's relatives arrived at boston 's logan international airport on thursday , cnn affiliate whdh reported , but it 's not clear if they plan to testify . the jury must decide whether the 21-year-old , who has been found guilty of perpetrating the attack with his now-deceased brother , will die for his crimes or spend his life in prison . woolfenden , a biomedical researcher for the novartis institutes , recalled using his belt as a tourniquet on his leg and trying to comfort leo . the boy cried , `` mommy ! daddy ! mommy ! daddy ! mommy ! daddy ! mommy ! daddy ! '' he testified . amid the stench of `` burning hair , blood , sulfur , '' a good samaritan emerged . he gave woolfenden another tourniquet and rushed leo to safety . `` i was completely terrified because i did n't know if i was ever going to see my son again . there was blood all over the sidewalk , all around me , '' he said . dr. david king , a trauma surgeon at massachusetts general hospital , spent 14 years in the u.s. army as a combat surgeon and served in iraq and afghanistan , as well as in haiti after the devastating 2010 earthquake . he has treated and operated on hundreds of troops injured by improvised explosive devices , he testified , and what he saw in boston that day was n't much different from the carnage he witnessed in war zones . `` i arrived just as the first wave of casualties had shown up , '' he said . `` i looked across the patients and i knew immediately , without anyone having to tell me , exactly what the wounding mechanism was . '' heather abbott had no such experience , so when one of the two bombs exploded , sending her through the doors of a restaurant and into a `` puddle of chaos and blood and glass , '' her instinct was to run . but she could n't . her foot felt like it was on fire , she testified . two women helped her as she overheard someone saying a hail mary . she called for her husband . he picked her up and carried her out of the restaurant . `` i saw blood pouring out of my foot , '' she said . she finally got to a hospital , and after three attempts to save her foot , which was missing its entire heel , a doctor told her she had a decision : she could keep her leg and risk a life of excruciating pain or have it amputated below the knee . she chose the latter . `` it was probably the hardest decision i 've had to make , '' she testified . another marathon attendee rendered an amputee by the tsarnaev brothers ' attack , marc fucarile , recounted the two bombs going off . `` i stepped back , and the next thing i remember was looking up at the sky , '' he testified , adding that he remembered `` a lot of yelling , a lot of screaming , people crying out for tourniquets . '' a nurse was sitting on his chest , and someone said , `` oh , s*** , he 's on fire ! '' he tried to undo his belt and got a third-degree burn because the buckle was so hot . a firefighter would later tell fucarile that he handed his own right leg to the firefighter . he does n't remember that . in addition to treating him for severe burns over much of his body , doctors had to cut off a bone and stretch muscle over the stub so that a prosthetic would fit . he still gets blisters . `` so where the prosthetic attaches on your butt , it rubs and breaks down and creates open wounds , '' he said . and though his left leg survived , it was severely burned , his calf muscle was blown off and his heel was shattered , he said . he hopes to save the left leg , he testified , but it 's likely that it will have to be amputated above the knee . he takes more than 70 pills -- 24 pills in morning , 22 in afternoon , 26 at night -- to cope with his injuries , he said . one of the most dramatic points in thursday 's testimony involved the death of young martin richard . the prosecution showed close-up video of the 8-year-old , who was only 3½ feet from one of the bombs , according to the fbi 's re-creation of the crime scene . his parents , bill and denise , are opposed to tsarnaev receiving the death penalty and did not participate in the penalty phase , though bill richard did testify during the guilt phase . dr. king told the court that martin was especially vulnerable to the blast because he was so small and close to the ground , meaning the shrapnel more easily reached his head and torso . it 's highly unlikely the boy died instantly , king said . explaining that martin died of rapid blood loss , king testified , `` receptors are generally not responsive to cutting . if you happen to be awake and someone cuts your bowel or liver , it generally does not hurt . what hurts is the stretching and twisting . ... intestines were pulled and twisted ; that would have caused visceral type pain . '' woolfenden , the biomedical researcher , recalled seeing martin and his mother shortly after the good samaritan took woolfenden 's son , leo , to safety . `` i saw martin 's face , and i could see a boy that looked like he was fatally injured , '' he said , martin 's hair was singed , his eyes had rolled back into his head and his mouth was agape . as for martin 's torso , `` i saw an immense amount of blood . i was really , really terrified , '' woolfenden said . he recalled denise richard pleading with her son , saying , `` please '' and `` martin '' over and over . woolfenden placed his hand on denise richard 's back , he said . she turned to ask woolfenden if he was ok . he said he was , and she turned her attention back to martin . but no response came . according to testimony , martin 's aorta was nearly severed and he was eviscerated by shrapnel from the blast . he bled to death on the sidewalk , and the last thing he probably felt was excruciating pain from the force of the blast twisting his internal organs . cnn 's patrick cornell contributed to this report .