( cnn ) ever had a headache so big , you felt like drilling a hole in your head to let the pain out ? in neolithic times trepanation -- or drilling a hole into the skull -- was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines . it could even have been a form of emergency surgery for battle wounds . but while there is still conjecture about the real reasons behind the mysterious procedure , what is known is that the implement often used to carry out the primitive surgery was made from one of the sharpest substances found in nature -- obsidian . obsidian -- a type of volcanic glass -- can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels . at 30 angstroms -- a unit of measurement equal to one hundred millionth of a centimeter -- an obsidian scalpel can rival diamond in the fineness of its edge . when you consider that most household razor blades are 300-600 angstroms , obsidian can still cut it with the sharpest materials nano-technology can produce . even today , a small number of surgeons are using an ancient technology to carry out fine incisions that they say heal with minimal scarring . dr. lee green , professor and chair of the department of family medicine at the university of alberta , says he routinely uses obsidian blades . `` the biggest advantage with obsidian is that it is the sharpest edge there is , it causes very little trauma to tissue , it heals faster and more importantly it heals with less scarring , '' he said . `` it makes for the best cosmetic outcome . '' he explained that steel scalpels at a microscopic level have a rough cutting edge that tears into tissue , a function of the crystals that make up the metal . obsidian , meanwhile , cleaves into a fine and continuous edge when properly cut . dr. green said he once helped documentary makers produce a program on surgical technology in ancient egyptian , setting up a blind test on the cutting power of obsidian . using cultured-skin burn dressing , a substance composed of skin cells , he made an incision with a modern scalpel and a parallel incision with an obsidian scalpel . the host of the program was then invited to look at the cuts under a video microscope and tell the difference . `` it was n't hard to tell the difference at all -- as soon as he turned around everyone in the studio was like ' ohhh ' , '' dr. green said . `` under the microscope you could see the obsidian scalpel had divided individual cells in half , and next to it the steel scalpel incision looked like it had been made by a chainsaw . '' modern obsidian scalpels look nothing like the decorative flint-knapped knives of neolithic man , often resembling their modern counterparts in everything except for the blade edge , but dr. green said they are a very different animal . `` the feel is very different because obsidian has no ' bite , ' '' he said . `` if you look under the microscope at a steel scalpel edge it looks almost like a saw , it has teeth , whereas obsidian is smooth even microscopically . `` it 's a very different feel to work with and you have to practice before you start using it in surgery . `` you also have to be careful not to nick yourself with it because you do n't even feel it ! '' and dr. green believes incisions made with these blades heal faster . he said a colleague who needed a mole removed agreed to undergo an experiment where half the procedure was carried out with an obsidian scalpel and the other half was removed with steel . `` what 's really fun is seeing it heal , '' he said . `` four weeks later the difference was quite remarkable -- there was very much a difference in scarring . '' in germany , the manufacturer fine science tools produces obsidian scalpels which can be used in situations where the patient may have an allergy to steel or metal . `` for studies where trace metals from ordinary scalpel blades can not be tolerated , these very special obsidian scalpels may provide the answer , '' the company says . at €99 per scalpel ( $ 107.40 ) , they represent a considerable saving on their diamond cousins which the company prices at €712.50 ( $ 772.60 ) . but there has been little academic research into the efficacy of obsidian blades compared to steel scalpels , and they do have disadvantages : obsidian scalpels are not food and drug administration ( fda ) approved , and they are extremely brittle and prone to breaking if lateral forces are applied -- meaning they are unlikely to ever be in widespread use . dr. green , whose scalpels were manufactured for him by an expert flint-knapper and archaeologist errett callahan , concedes the stone age scalpels are not for everyone . `` if it was let loose on the market there 'd be far too many injuries from it , '' he said . `` it 's very fragile and it 's very easy to break pieces off . ''