seoul ( cnn ) north korean leader kim jong un is continuing to rule with an iron fist , having ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year , according to an assessment by south korean intelligence agents , a lawmaker who attended a closed briefing said . shin kyung-min , a lawmaker with the new politics alliance for democracy , told a handful of reporters that he had been given the information by the south korean national intelligence service . cnn can not independently confirm the executions . the nature of the intelligence supporting the national intelligence service allegations was also not immediately clear . north korea is one of the most closed societies in the world . according to shin , intelligence officials say kim is ruling in an impromptu manner and does not countenance excuses or any views at variance with his own . he considers those a challenge to his authority , the intelligence officials said , according to shin . for example , a senior official with ministry of forestry was executed for expressing dissatisfaction with the country 's forestry program , the lawmaker said . north korean defectors share their ordeals . the vice chairman of the state planning commission was executed because he objected to changing the design of a science and technology hall from a rounded shape to one resembling a flower , the intelligence officials said , according to the lawmaker . and in march , according to the south korean lawmaker , kim executed on charges of espionage four members of the unhasu orchestra , including the general director , because of a scandal , shin said . kim became north korea 's supreme commander in december 2011 following the death of his father , kim jong il . according to the national intelligence service , he is reported to have executed 17 senior officials in 2012 , 10 in 2013 and 41 in 2014 . the national intelligence service says there is a strong possibility that kim will visit russia , but given his nature , there is no way to be sure until the last minute . why putin is hosting kim jong un . cnn 's kj kwon reported from seoul and don melvin wrote this report from london .