( cnn ) back in 1989 , ayatollah khomeini famously said he was `` drinking poison '' when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with iraq . the war had helped define khomeini 's regime , the islamic republic , which he had founded a year before saddam hussein invaded iran . khomeini galvanized the nation , both his supporters and growing opponents , to fight against the enemy . he dragged out the war for eight years , despite saddam 's willingness to accept a ceasefire , and thus stabilized the foundations of the islamic republic . by the time he ended the war , the economy was in shambles , and there was no sign of his die-hard volunteers . since then , `` drinking a chalice of poison '' has became part of iranian political lexicon , and many analysts have asked whether ayatollah ali khamenei , khomeini 's successor , would raise the chalice and surrender to demands by the west to end iran 's nuclear program . like the war , iran 's defiance to halt its controversial nuclear program has defined khameni 's era . he has defied the west in the face of increasing economic pressure . iran claims that its program is peaceful , but khamenei 's refusal to end uranium enrichment activities -- a process that can lead to making nuclear fuel as well as nuclear bombs -- has landed the country under crippling sanctions . the standoff with the west has stretched longer than the war . the agreement reached in lausanne , switzerland , however , marks a new chapter in the history of the country . if iran can finalize a deal by june with the united states and its p5+1 partners , international investors , including americans , would be able to invest in iran for the first time in decades . iran can develop its gas and oil fields , and the economy can leap forward . desperate for a deal , whoever i called over the past week inside iran was glued to their television sets , and tens of thousands poured out on the streets to celebrate the agreement late thursday night . iran 's economy shrank after sanctions were intensified in 2012 and the value of the rial , the iranian currency , plunged to one-third of the u.s. dollar . inflation soared and the bank accounts of ordinary iranians were frozen overseas as a result of sanctions . millions of iranians are hoping that their lives will improve in the post-deal era . despite the regime 's propaganda that claimed the program enjoys wide support among people , critics inside the country publicly denounced nuclear policies . ahmad shirzad , a former member of parliament , denounced the program last year and said it had been `` against national interests . '' another critic , sadeq ziba , said in december `` the nuclear program has hurt the country more than the war . '' iranian politicians are divided between moderates -- led by president hassan rouhani , who wants to develop the economy -- and hardliners , who view the deal as a threat to the regime 's ideology . the majority of people brought rouhani to power in 2012 , hoping that he would ease the sanctions . many see the negotiations as a diplomatic necessity that would help sideline hardliners too . yet the lausanne agreement would not have been possible without the moderates ' will and khamenei 's approval . ayatollah khamenei is 76 . last year , he underwent a long prostate surgery , which led to rumors that he might be gravely ill. his predecessor ended the war a year before his death . whether khamenei is seriously ill or not , many believe that because of his advanced age , he needs to put the country on a straight path before his death . so far , the regime has presented the deal as a win for itself . during 18 months of negotiations , the regime appeared determined not to succumb to western demands and lose its right to uranium enrichment . the lausanne agreement allows iran to spin 5,000 centrifuges and avoid national humiliation . khamenei can claim that iran is the winner in the country 's decade-long confrontation with the west -- a legacy that he wants to leave behind . he has not drunk the poison yet , not until june , when negotiators aim to iron out the final deal . but perhaps he has raised the chalice .