( cnn ) editor 's note ( july 8 , 2015 ) -- questions have arisen about the identity of the girl who dr. sanjay gupta helped operate on during a week in nepal in the aftermath of a devastating earthquake . cnn is looking into those questions and will update our coverage as warranted . gupta helped doctors at bir hospital in kathmandu perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room on a young patient as described in this story ; it is the identity of the patient that is in question . original story ( published april 27 , 2015 ) : kathmandu , nepal ( cnn ) -- an ambulance arrives , and a young girl with a bandaged head and badly blackened eye is rushed into kathmandu 's bir hopital on a wheelchair amid much commotion . she is selena dohal , 8 , and her skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood , two and a half hours from the nepalese capital , to the ground on saturday . blood has collected on top of her brain , in the right frontal area , and she urgently needs surgery to remove the clots . `` she went to get some water , and a house collapsed on her head , '' her grandfather ram prasad duhal tells a doctor . her grandfather has accompanied selena to the capital from panchhkal while her parents take care of her injured brother , who has fractures to both legs . the girl has received some treatment at another hospital but has been brought to bir in the hopes her life can be saved . `` she was badly crushed . the roof of the house was on her . she was found after a few hours , '' neurosurgeon bikesh khambu says . she receives a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room . sanjay gupta , a neurosurgeon and cnn 's chief medical correspondent , has scrubbed up at the request of a nepalese medical team to help with the operation . the conditions are less than ideal . gupta washes up using sterile water and iodine poured from a bottle rather than hot water from a scrub sink . instead of electric drills , he relies on saws of the variety usually only used in war zones and natural disasters due to the lack of electricity . despite the suboptimal conditions , the operation is a success , and her prognosis is good , gupta says . it might not look it , but selena is one of the lucky ones . thousands were killed when a devastating earthquake rocked nepal on saturday . more thousands were injured , many of whom have flooded the capital 's overstretched hospitals . `` i 've seen a lot of situations around the world , and this is as bad as i 've ever seen it , '' gupta says . `` they need more resources , they need more personnel here right now , and they 're expecting many more patients as these rescue operations go on . `` they 're barely able to keep up right now . it 's part of the reason they asked me ( to help ) ; i think they 're asking anybody to try to pitch in . '' how to help the earthquake victims . bir hospital , a government facility , is one of the busiest in kathmandu . its inpatient wing , now scarred with cracks , was abandoned after big aftershocks sunday , and doctors have scrambled to accommodate the influx of victims . more than 4,300 were killed in nepal by the 7.8-magnitude quake , the strongest to hit the region in more than 80 years . more than 8,000 were reported to have been injured , but officials fear that number will be much higher once information emerges from remote areas . many of the wounded are now across the road from the hospital at the nepal army pavilion , a huge open space in central kathmandu , and tarps have been erected at the front of the hospital for people to have shelter . patients are housed here alongside other local residents who have fled their homes , finding shelter under tents . `` you should have been here yesterday . the building was shaking , and we all had to run out across the road , '' neurosurgeon paresh mani shrestha says . `` everyone is scared to be there . we evacuated the patients ; no one wants to go there to work . '' looking for missing loved ones in nepal ? cnn ireport wants to help . bir hospital is a chaotic scene monday as ambulances race in discharging new admissions , patients wail on stretchers in the lobby and distraught family members mill about . `` we have about 150 patients , but more are pouring in because the rescue is just happening , '' shrestha says . `` when it happened on saturday , all we could do was go ' dead or alive ' -- that was the only triage we could do . '' he says they received about 80 patients from dharahara , the historic nine-story tower destroyed in the quake . `` there was nothing coming in yesterday , '' shrestha says . but now the rescue is underway , and patients are arriving at bir from less-equipped satellite hospitals . among them is a western woman in a wheelchair , her arm in an improvised splint of branches . she comes from langtang , north of kathmandu , where reports are arriving of immense devastation . doctors are seeing patients with head injuries , pelvic and lower and upper limb fractures , shrestha says . read earthquake stories from social media . hospitals were running short on supplies despite international efforts to rush in aid . numerous aid groups and at least 16 nations rushed aid and workers to nepal , with more on the way . and although the surgeons at bir hospital were able to save the life of young selena , international aid agencies have warned that other children may not be so lucky . unicef , the u.n. children 's agency , said sunday that nearly 1 million nepalese children urgently need assistance . but some aid flights were delayed over the weekend due to aftershocks , leading to fears that many more may die before they get the help they desperately need .