( cnn ) more than 22 months ago , the body of odin lloyd was found in an industrial park in north attleboro , massachusetts . lloyd had been shot seven times near a pile of construction waste . the semipro football player for the boston bandits was 27 . days after he was found dead , then-nfl star aaron hernandez was arrested and charged with murder . testimony in the case against hernandez began in january . on wednesday , a fall river , massachusetts , jury -- after deliberating 35 hours over the course of seven days -- found the former new england patriots tight end guilty of first-degree murder , which carries a penalty of life without parole , as well as unlawful possession of a firearm and unlawful possession of ammunition . hernandez also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide . he has pleaded not guilty . just two years ago , he was one of the nfl 's most promising tight ends , inking a $ 40-million contract extension with the new england patriots . friends and fans alike wondered : how could the star player who had more than 900 receiving yards in 2011 now be on trial for murder ? long before hernandez made national headlines , he was a standout athlete in bristol , connecticut , who came from a family described as a local sports dynasty . `` i do n't think there was another family that was more familiar in bristol , '' bob montgomery , who covers high school sports for the bristol press , told cnn . the young hernandez was the `` golden boy , '' playing football , basketball and running track , following in the footsteps of his uncle , older brother and father -- all well-known athletes in the community . hernandez 's father constantly pushed his son , requiring him to practice for hours before he could go out with friends . `` i saw a closeness with them that i 'd never seen before , '' montgomery said of the relationship between hernandez and his father . but his father , the man who kept the 16-year-old anchored , died from complications after a routine surgery . hernandez left high school halfway through his senior year in january 2007 to join the university of florida gators , and trouble seemed to follow . in just his first semester , a police report says , hernandez got into a fight at an off-campus restaurant , sucker-punching the manager and rupturing his eardrum . the following fall , there was a shooting near a local club . police reports linked hernandez and several other university of florida football players to an argument in the parking lot . hernandez was one of more than 20 people interviewed by police , and he was the only one who did not make a statement after invoking his right to counsel . at the time , hernandez 's mother told the orlando sentinel newspaper , `` i know he was at the club , but he never saw any shooting . '' the case remains open , and no one has been charged . hernandez was also suspended at least once for marijuana , an issue that would follow him as he entered the draft his junior year . trying to put the alleged drug use behind him , hernandez wrote a letter to the patriots director of personnel . `` if you draft me as a member of the new england patriots , i will willfully submit to a biweekly drug test throughout my rookie season . ... in addition , i will tie any guaranteed portion of my 2010 compensation to these drug tests and reimburse the team a pro-rata amount for any failed drug test , '' he wrote , according to the boston globe . before the draft , hernandez was expected to be a first- or second-round pick . he was passed over until the fourth round , when the patriots selected him . by the end of his second season , he was a bona fide star , landing the $ 40 million contract extension . less than a year after signing the deal , however , the patriots dropped him on the day he was charged with lloyd 's murder . when odin lloyd pulled up in a black chevrolet suburban , boston bandits coach mike branch thought something was out of place . lloyd did n't own a car . aaron hernandez case : who 's who ? branch had his suspicions , but he could n't get answers . lloyd was too busy telling his friends about the good time he had at the club the previous night . `` he said he was at the club with mr. hernandez , and that they were partying and he had a good time , and that mr. hernandez spent a good amount of money , '' branch recalled . lloyd said hernandez spent about $ 10,000 that night . lloyd 's friends say he was n't a big partier . he was more passionate about football and family . remembering odin lloyd . lloyd was dating shaneah jenkins , the link between the young man who dreamed of the nfl and the all-american who made it . jenkins is the younger sister of shayanna , who 's engaged to hernandez and is the mother of his little girl . on june 16 , 2013 , lloyd was riding with friends in the black suburban , which police later learned was rented by hernandez . daryl hodge was with lloyd when he said lloyd got a text from hernandez , asking to hang out later that night . as they parted ways , lloyd told hodge he 'd see him later . the next day , lloyd 's body was found . prosecutors say lloyd was last seen with hernandez and hernandez 's two associates , carlos ortiz and ernest wallace , around 2:30 a.m. in a rented silver nissan altima . surveillance video from security cameras at an industrial park showed an altima heading toward a secluded area at 3:22 a.m . at the same time , chilling text messages from lloyd 's phone were sent to his sister telling her he was with `` nfl , '' adding , `` just so u know . '' between 3:23 and 3:27 a.m. , workers nearby reported hearing gunshots . at 3:29 , a camera showed an altima pulling into hernandez 's driveway , about a half a mile from the death scene . three people got out of the car , and lloyd was not one of them . nine days later , hernandez was arrested and charged with first-degree murder and other weapons-related charges . he pleaded not guilty . in april 2014 , ortiz and wallace were also charged in lloyd 's slaying . they , too , pleaded not guilty . prosecutors say the three men were to be tried in a joint venture , a legal term that means it 's not necessary to prove who pulled the trigger as long as there is evidence that each defendant actively participated in lloyd 's murder . as the trial for the death of lloyd neared , lawyers began arguing about evidence , including cell phones and text messages . some rulings were victories for the defense . the jury would n't see the text lloyd sent to his sister , telling her he was with `` nfl . '' the judge ruled it hearsay and said the state had n't proven lloyd believed his life was in danger . jurors also did n't hear anything about what happened in boston on july 16 , 2012 -- the night two men were murdered outside a club where hernandez had been . the judge agreed with defense lawyers that it 's far too prejudicial and irrelevant to lloyd 's murder . investigators allege hernandez shot and killed daniel abreu and safiro furtado because one of the men bumped into him on a nightclub dance floor and spilled his drink . district attorney patrick haggan described the scene in a massachusetts courtroom in may , saying hernandez became `` angered and increasingly agitated , particularly after mr. abreu smiled and did not apologize . '' prosecutors : bump , spilled drink led to double homicide . hernandez 's friend tried to calm him down , and the pair walked outside and eventually entered a second club across the street , the prosecutor said . court documents identify that friend as alexander bradley , who would go on to accuse hernandez of shooting him in the eye in an incident that would take place seven months later . after leaving the second nightclub , hernandez and the friend returned to their suv and pulled over on a nearby street where hernandez removed a revolver from the engine block , haggan said . hernandez began trailing abreu , furtado and three of their friends in his suv , authorities said . he then pulled up to the victims ' car at a red light and leaned out the driver 's side window with a loaded revolver , haggan told the court . hernandez allegedly said , `` yo , what 's up now , '' followed by a racial slur , and fired at least five rounds from a .38-caliber revolver , haggan said . abreu , the driver , was shot several times and fatally hit in the chest . furtado was sitting in the front passenger seat and suffered multiple gunshot wounds , including one to the head , haggan said . hernandez was charged in the double homicide in may , and he pleaded not guilty . investigators found evidence they believe links him to the 2012 slayings while investigating the death of lloyd . cnn 's laura dolan , kristi ramsay and michelle rozsa contributed to this report .