( cnn ) feidin santana , the man who recorded a south carolina police officer fatally shooting a fleeing , unarmed man , told cnn on thursday night he was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident . `` one of the officers told me to stop , but it was because i ( said ) to them that what they did it was an abuse and i witnessed everything , '' he told cnn 's `` anderson cooper 360˚ . '' santana told cooper an officer told him to wait where he was but eventually he left the scene to go to work . in other interviews , santana has said he feared for his life , which almost kept him from revealing the recording . santana recalled the moments when he recorded a roughly three-minute video of north charleston police officer michael slager shooting walter scott as scott was running away saturday . that evidence led to the officer 's firing and arrest on a murder charge . santana said when he first came on the scene while walking to his job he saw slager on top of scott , who was on the ground . he could hear the sound of a taser in use . at no time did santana see scott go after the taser . he believes scott was trying to get away . `` mr. scott never tried to fight , '' santana told cnn . police said slager used a taser against scott , but slager would also later tell a dispatcher that scott at some point had grabbed the taser . after slager shot scott five times , the officer went back to pick up something . santana thinks it was the taser but said he was n't 100 % sure what it was . neither the struggle nor the use of a taser was captured on video , because santana had yet to begin recording . what we know about officer slager . the cell phone video , which santana revealed this week , reignited national outcries surrounding police treatment of african-americans and led to a murder charge against slager , who is white . scott was black . police said slager pulled the 50-year-old scott over for a nonworking brake light on saturday morning . scott , according to a dash cam video , fled from slager for unexplained reasons , and the officer chased him on foot . when santana 's video begins , scott starts running away from the officer , with scott 's back to slager . the video shows slager shooting at scott eight times before scott falls down . who was walter scott ? scott 's mother , judy scott , told cooper this week that she would want to thank santana for coming forward . `` he was there . god planned that . he 's the ram in the bush -- i truly believe that , '' judy scott said . santana agreed . `` i think she was right , '' he said . `` god put me there for a reason . '' judy scott said she could n't watch the whole recording . `` when i saw my son running and i saw the policeman behind him , i could n't take it , '' she said . `` i had to turn away . i could n't handle it . in an interview with nbc 's matt lauer , santana suggested that he was giving media interviews in part to protect himself against retribution . `` at some point i thought about staying anonymous , and do n't show my face , do n't talk about it . but ... if i would n't show my face , everybody over there knows , including the police , who i am , '' santana said . santana did not say whether he had received threats . his attorney , todd rutherford , said santana 's video would be useful in an investigation -- not only into the shooting but also into whether scott received prompt medical attention . in the last half of the video , a second officer appears to examine scott with gloved hands . witness video , official accounts raise questions . santana said after he stopped recording , he watched for a few more minutes but never saw anyone perform cpr . a police report says a third officer -- not shown in the video -- reported seeing an officer administering first aid , and that the third officer approached and helped that person `` with first aid and cpr . '' on wednesday , asked whether cpr was performed on scott , north charleston police chief eddie driggers said : `` in the end of it ( the video ) , what i saw was ( what i ) believed to be a police officer removing the shirt of the individual and performing some type of life-saving ( procedure ) , but i 'm not sure what took place there . '' a timeline of events . cnn 's jason hanna , ashley fantz and ray sanchez contributed to this report . watch anderson cooper 360° weeknights 8pm et . for the latest from ac360° click here .