( cnn ) the other day , i searched through hundreds of photos hoping to find a starting point to write this article . looking through old photos is usually an enjoyable experience -- coming across a wedding or remembrances of happy times with family and friends . on this occasion , however , i found myself flipping through images from a devastating time we dearly wish had never happened but can not afford to forget . white sand beaches stained with black sludge , oil-choked waterways and wildlife , shuttered businesses , and front-lawn signs pleading for justice and help . five years after the deepwater horizon oil rig disaster that killed 11 people , devastated livelihoods and wreaked havoc on the already fragile natural resources of the gulf of mexico region , it 's time to ask ourselves : what have we learned ? and what are we willing to do make sure it does n't happen again ? i spent much of 2010 in the gulf , traveling through the communities , spending time with the people and witnessing the impact of this environmental catastrophe . five years later , i returned to see what has changed and what has remained the same . first , it 's important to understand that the principle `` out of sight , out of mind '' does n't apply in the communities of gulf coast states . the bp oil spill 's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer . on this most recent trip , i saw the ghostly remains of entire islands virtually swallowed up by the oil , and i learned about oystermen and fishermen whose livelihoods are still crippled by what happened five years ago . imagining daddy : a rig worker 's daughter and her dreams . of course , that 's not to say progress has n't been made . community groups and dedicated organizations have worked ceaselessly to restore and repair not only the physical environment , but also the way of life . this work is critical , and it deserves our attention and additional resources to continue to progress . but make no mistake : though a kind of normalcy has returned to the gulf region and important progress has been made , the oil is still there . what we do and do n't know about the oil spill . a recent study from florida state university estimates that up to 10 million gallons of that oil is still on the seafloor of the gulf . ( bp disputes the study ) . everything is not `` back to normal . '' so far , bp has spent more than $ 14 billion on cleanup , and despite its assurances that everything is recovering , we witnessed a crew on a beach in barataria bay ( off louisiana ) digging up oily sand . not what i would call recovered . and while this kind of reflection is rarely pleasant , it is critical in order to avoid another tragedy on the scale of the bp spill , or potentially much worse . it 's important to note that for areas like the gulf , which are already affected by drilling , many of the common-sense safety reforms called for by the national commission on the oil spill in january 2011 have yet to be implemented . and yet , early this year , the obama administration proposed a five-year offshore oil and gas drilling plan that , in addition to new areas in the gulf , would open the southeast atlantic coast from virginia to georgia , as well as the majority of the wild arctic to offshore oil and gas drilling . in the case of the arctic , one of the last pristine ocean habitats , oil companies have to admit that they are n't prepared to safeguard against the disasters that may take place if the plan is allowed to move forward . imagine what would happen if an oil spill occurred in a region where what little technology we have , like oil booms and controlled burns , is useless in the land of floating icebergs and catastrophic storms . in the case of the atlantic seaboard , the increase in severe storms and rise in sea level , as well as what is at stake from an ecological standpoint , do n't paint a more optimistic picture . we have a simple choice : do we continue to make the same mistakes with a `` business as usual '' approach , or do we change the way we manage and use the resources the earth provides us ? i 'm not saying the path forward is easy . it 's not , but this is a challenge we need to embrace . some solutions are relatively straightforward -- holding industry and our government responsible for human and environmental safety is certainly at the top of this list . taking the time and effort to understand our natural resources before we exploit them is another . despite its importance to navigation , fishing , oil and gas development , and maritime safety , our understanding of how the gulf system works remains extremely limited . independent research free of corporate and government influence in the gulf of mexico is critical . projects like habitat mapping can result in countless ecological and economic benefits , such as improved assessments of fishery health , a baseline for tracking success of billions of dollars in restoration efforts , an essential foundation for modeling and monitoring the gulf ecosystem , and a planning tool for better managing one of the hardest-working bodies of water in the world . and , perhaps our biggest and most important challenge : we must continue to eliminate our dependence on fossil fuels by developing sustainable energy solutions , including solar and wind power , and the sustainable jobs and opportunities that follow the kind of pioneering innovation that makes america such a great country . not long after the spill began , i was speaking to a group of elementary school students with my environmental education nonprofit earthecho international . the students were all horrified and upset by what was happening in the gulf . at the end of a question-and-answer session , i asked them , `` who is going to clean up this mess ? '' all of them raised their hands and said in somewhat subdued unison , `` we will . '' i 've told this story in the intervening years , and it 's always given me a sense of hope . thinking of those young children now also steels my resolve to make sure they do n't have to deliver on that promise . the following local and national coalitions and organizations offer great starting points to become involved in the movement to restore the gulf and its communities , and to make sure we take steps to prevent history from repeating itself : the gulf future coalition , ocean conservancy , the natural resources defense council and the national wildlife federation .