stornaway , scotland ( cnn ) huge military exercises are underway off and around britain 's coast , but nato insists they are not a deliberate response to the russian military 's increasingly brazen behavior . the british-led war games are code named joint warrior and the numbers are all big : 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines as well as 70 aircraft . nato says the planning started long before russia began behaving as an adversary . for more than a year nato has been condemning russia 's actions in ukraine as well as its frequent , large scale , snap military drills and those long-range bear bombers repeatedly flying very close to nato airspace . so , if joint warrior is not a deliberate response , it 's certainly a timely one . cnn was invited to spend a day aboard one of the vessels taking part -- the u.s. navy 's guided missile cruiser uss vicksburg . it 's the current flag ship of a standing nato maritime group . commanding officer rear adm. brad williamson says russia 's behavior is an added motivation to do well in these exercises . `` anytime you have a security situation that reminds us it 's not just a game we 're doing out here , that there are real world implications to our ability to provide security to alliance members , i think that focuses our minds on what we 're doing , '' williamson says . other personnel on the vicksburg tell us competition between different nations and even individual ships and subs is also a big motivator . the details of these war games are top secret . but they 're broken into two parts : the set training exercises that involve vessels or groups completing specific jobs and what they call `` free play '' . that 's where everyone 's divided into two teams with different orders and motivations manipulated by the game masters . tensions rise and it 's likely pretend war follows . easy to see how things get competitive . russia has taken an interest . it used its right under what 's known as the vienna document to send its own inspectors . nato says they only stayed a few days and did n't see anything sensitive .