( cnn ) the outlines of a nuclear deal with iran are in place . unfortunately , it seems like too many in president barack obama 's administration have forgotten that the only reason this terrorist-supporting state came to the negotiating table in the first place was because of tough sanctions imposed by the u.s. congress . indeed , the reality is that president obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with iran -- and i worry we will lose it for good . bleeding money , and faced with falling oil prices , supreme leader ayatollah khamenei gave his government rare permission to bargain with the `` great satan '' -- the united states . but just as u.s. and european sanctions were forcing iran to the nuclear crossroads , president obama has given tehran an easy exit . for khamenei , the `` framework '' announced last week looks like a win-win : he gets to keep his nuclear infrastructure , and in return gets billions of dollars in sanctions relief . congress offered a better strategy when the top democrat on the foreign affairs committee , eliot engel , and i introduced a bill to hit tehran with its toughest sanctions yet . unfortunately , this bill -- which passed the house in a 400-20 vote -- was blocked in the senate last year , despite the fact that it would have sharpened the ayatollah 's choice : dismantle your nuclear weapons program or see your economy collapse . president obama once had a tougher line , when in 2012 he said : `` the deal we 'll accept is they end their nuclear program . it 's very straightforward . '' but the framework announced last week does nothing of the sort . negotiated between iran and the united states , russia , china , britain , france and germany , the framework concedes that iran can maintain `` a mutually defined enrichment program , '' operate thousands of centrifuges , and continue its research and development of nuclear technologies . the deal currently on the table would hand tehran billions of previously sanctioned funds , filling the coffers of the world 's biggest state sponsor of terrorism , with strongholds in syria , iraq , yemen and lebanon . meanwhile , the strictest restrictions on iran 's enrichment will expire in only 10 years , despite the president receiving a letter from 367 members of congress -- both democrats and republicans -- in which we insisted that `` verifiable constraints on iran 's nuclear program must last for decades . '' the president admitted as much when he conceded that `` in year 13 , 14 , 15 , they have advanced centrifuges that enrich uranium fairly rapidly , and at that point the breakout times would have shrunk almost down to zero . '' but as bad as these concessions are , the most concerning aspect of the april 2 deal is that it lacks tough safeguards to stop iran from cheating . the key question is this : will the inspectors at the international atomic energy agency be allowed to inspect these military sites without warning ? because if the iaea can not conduct `` anytime , anywhere '' inspections , iran will be able to `` sneak out '' to a bomb . it has been done before . remember , in 1994 , when president bill clinton told us he had struck a deal with north korea that would `` make the united states , the korean peninsula , and the world safer '' ? president clinton sounded a little too much like the current secretary of state john kerry , when he promised that the north korea agreement `` does not rely on trust '' and that `` compliance will be certified by the international atomic energy agency . '' twelve years after these assurances , north korea detonated its first nuclear bomb . iran could easily do the same . the best predictor of its future behavior is its past behavior -- between 2004 and 2009 , the iranian government built a huge centrifuge facility named fordo under a mountain deep in the iranian desert . luckily for the world , western intelligence agencies discovered tehran 's deception . but we can not rely on such luck in the future , particularly when iran still has n't come clean about its history of secret weapons development and is still dodging basic questions from the iaea . let 's not forget the other things iran has been doing while its diplomats have been bargaining with the u.s. and its partners . while iran was showing its friendly new face to the world , it has simultaneously been helping syrian dictator bashar al assad kill his own people , training and funding the terrorist group hezbollah , which aims to annihilate israel , and supporting the houthis , who started a civil war and overthrew the government in yemen -- one of america 's more reliable counterterrorism partners in the region . if president obama is going to hand over billions of dollars to a regime that behaves like this , run by a man who publicly declares : `` death to america , '' it has to be a better deal . the framework we have before us keeps iran 's nuclear door well and truly open .