( cnn ) there was a larger message in the article about a purported gang rape that rolling stone retracted on sunday night -- a part of the story that was never disputed : the university of virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus . the school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it . the virginia attorney general asked the law firm of o'melveny & myers to take a look at how the university historically handled allegations of sexual assault by its students . that includes how uva officials handled the allegations in the discredited rolling stone article by a student the magazine called `` jackie , '' especially since the school knew about the allegations for more than a year before the article came out . the alleged gang rape at a fraternity house was in 2012 , and jackie told the university about it the next spring . she started telling her story very publicly , including at a `` take back the night '' rally . but charlottesville police did n't hear about it until after a separate incident in the spring of 2014 , in which jackie claimed someone threw a bottle that hit her in the face . when a university dean arranged for her to talk to police about that alleged assault , she also told the story of the alleged 2012 incident . in both cases , police said jackie refused to cooperate and so they could not pursue the case . but more women came forward to talk about their experiences -- women whose stories were not as dramatic or horrific as jackie 's . rolling stone 's story opened up a conversation about the topic , and then women began coming forward to talk about a culture on campus that was not sensitive to victims . many women told cnn about a euphemism for the word rape used by other students on campus . they 'd call it a `` bad experience . '' others told cnn that there were fraternities with reputations for being `` rapey '' and for using date-rape drugs . that some judged who could come in based on the sluttiness of a woman 's outfit . and if a woman did report her rape , some women complained that the internal process did n't seem worth it if their abuser would n't be kicked out of school . rolling stone had a line in its original story : `` uva 's emphasis on honor is so pronounced that since 1998 , 183 people have been expelled for honor-code violations such as cheating on exams . and yet paradoxically , not a single student at uva has ever been expelled for sexual assault . '' after the article published , uva admitted this and instituted a zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault going forward -- although that policy was never defined , so it 's unclear what it means . when the story was deleted from rolling stone 's website , that was lost . `` you lose a lot of other people 's voices who were in that article , '' said sarah roderick , a survivor and uva student , `` and a lot of good things that could have come about . fixing problems with administration here and on our campus '' -- and , she added , across the nationo . along with the o'melveny & myers investigation , there 's also an open title ix investigation into uva by the u.s. department of education as a result of a civil suit . the attorney who filed the suit , james marsh , told cnn that uva medical staff lost or destroyed evidence from the alleged sexual assault victim he 's representing , making it impossible for her to move forward and get justice . when the columbia journalism school 's 12,000-plus-word critique is summed up , it really boils down to this : the mistake could have been avoided if the writer , sabrina rubin erdely , had picked up the phone and made just a few more phone calls to the friends of jackie who she claimed were with her that night . they 'd later tell other media outlets , including cnn , that they remembered a very different story . rolling stone says their account would have been a red flag . and all three say they would have talked if they 'd been called . ryan duffin , one of the trio , said he felt deceived by jackie , but he also pointed out that erdely 's mistake in fact-checking was about one single incident , and the fallout has caused a much bigger issue to be lost . `` had she gotten in direct contact with us , it probably would n't have been printed , at least in that way , '' he said . `` a lot of the article was still based in truth , but the focal point would have been different . '' it might have been less dramatic , but it would have probably focused on some of the other uva students who shared much more common stories of acquaintance rape on campus . `` i think my problem with it was that this reporter wanted to sensationalize an experience that 's not very common , '' roderick said . `` ... and i wonder if it would have been different if ( it dealt ) with someone with a less horrific story -- something that happens to more people . i think this discredits what a lot of survivors go through . something this physically horrific is not what everyone goes through . now it 's like , ' if i was n't assaulted by more than one man then my story is not as worthy of attention . ' it 's frustrating that this is how rape is portrayed on college campuses because this is not the norm . '' before the report came out , abraham axler , the student body president , said that some good had come from the article because it forced uva to institute new policies and to open up a conversation on a topic that needed to be discussed nationwide . but some survivors and advocates are afraid the retraction set back their progress . `` i do feel like there 's a possibility people will be afraid to come forward . if you come forward and share your story , if you do n't have the date right , every detail down , you 'll think , ' i 'm going to be accused of being a liar . it 's easier for me to keep it to myself , ' '' roderick said . `` there are very serious and unresolved questions about the university 's performance , '' said steve coll , dean of the columbia school of journalism . `` rolling stone teed that subject up . i would n't say that everything about rolling stone 's treatment of that subject was perfect , but it certainly does n't fall under the same category as their reporting about jackie 's narrative . ''