( cnn ) prosperity gospel pastor creflo dollar responded recently to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey gulfstream g650 . dollar noted in a recent address to his congregants that the devil was attempting to discredit him in regards to his campaign seeking $ 300 from 200,000 people globally to help buy the luxury jet . in a newly posted five-minute clip on youtube , the atlanta-area pastor speaks to his followers at world changers church international , tackling his critics and allegations about tithes , his real name and reports alleging members of having to reveal their w2 statuses to come into the church 's sanctuary . `` ( the devil thinks ) i got to discredit that man before he starts showing people jesus ! '' dollar preaches to loud applause . `` i 'm on my sabbatical , and the enemy 's trying to discredit me , '' dollar stated . dollar is focused in the video on getting his point across and slams critics of his original request by stating to the people gathered , `` i never one time came to you and asked you for a dime for this airplane , did i ? '' but in march , dollar did appeal in a video to `` friends from around the world , '' soliciting donations to replace his current 1984 gulfstream g-1159a . because of two accidents that occurred in the 31-year-old plane , dollar and his staff have been flying commercial . `` the ( critics ) do n't know what we do . that 's why they asked the question , what does a preacher need with an airplane ? if you knew what we did , then you would n't ask that question , '' dollar said . `` just because the world does n't have it , does n't mean that you ca n't . '' in march , the ministry 's desire to purchase a gulfstream g650 airplane was met with criticism on social media and was the subject of nationwide media reports . the furor came after a nearly six-minute video was uploaded on the creflo dollar ministries website soliciting money for a gulfstream g650 , which sells for a reported $ 65 million . the page featuring the video and information on the fundraiser has been taken down , but those wishing to donate are still able to do so on the church 's gift page . a gulfstream g650 can fly 18 passengers and four crew members , according to gulfstream.com . the jet comes with two rolls-royce engines , high-speed internet and two multichannel satellites and allows for a four-and-a-half-hour commute from new york to los angeles . `` the g650 is the biggest , fastest , most luxurious , longest range and most technologically advanced jet -- by far , '' according to the site . the project was n't limited to member donations , as the site stated that `` we are asking members , partners and supporters of this ministry to assist us in acquiring a gulfstream g650 . '' in the new video , dollar claims the church has more than 3 million supporters worldwide who want him to come to where they are . the pastor has said the two incidents involving his old plane -- including one in which a mechanical failure caused the jet to skid off a runway in london while his wife and their three daughters were aboard -- have shown him it was time to turn to god for a new airplane . prosperity gospel is a theology that promises wealth and health to those who tithe 10 % of their income to the church . attempts to contact dollar 's ministry for comment on thursday were unsuccessful . cnn 's steve almasy contributed to this report .