( cnn ) a 110-day cat-and-mouse chase spanning from antarctic waters to the coast of west africa had an unlikely end when the crew of an alleged poaching vessel were rescued by conservationists pursuing them . environmentalist group sea shepherd had been tailing the thunder -- subject of an interpol `` purple notice '' for suspected fraud and fisheries-related crimes -- since its ship the bob barker encountered it in the southern ocean several months ago . the pursuit ended early monday in the gulf of guinea , off the coast of west africa , when the bob barker received a distress call from the thunder . `` we were literally a few hundred meters away ; they said the ship was sinking and they were abandoning the thunder , '' said sea shepherd spokesman adam burling . `` we invited the crew -- 40 of them -- on board , had a medical officer check them over , provided them with food and water . '' bob barker captain peter hammarstedt said the crew rescued from the ship had been handed over to the sao tome coastguard early tuesday . he said he hoped the authorities would work with interpol to prosecute those operating the vessel . `` we obviously want to see the captain of the thunder prosecuted for his offenses , '' he told cnn by phone from the bob barker , at sea to the west of sao tome . hammarstedt said he believed the thunder was deliberately sunk to destroy physical evidence of illegal fishing . `` i 'm 100 % confident that the captain of the thunder destroyed his own ship , '' he said . hammarstedt said he had managed to send three crew members aboard the abandoned thunder before it went down . `` usually what happens when a vessel is sinking is the master will ensure all compartments and hatches are shut so as to maintain buoyancy , '' he said . `` on the thunder , all the hatches had been opened , including the hatch leading to the fish hold . '' he said his crew had retrieved computers , mobile phones and other devices from the thunder that would be handed over to assist any investigation . they had also retrieved a fish from the ship 's fish hold , which he said was about a quarter full . he said the fish was a toothfish , the prized stock his organization claims the thunder was illegally catching when they were encountered in the southern ocean . more surprising was the reaction of the captain of the thunder as his ship went under , he claimed . `` when the vessel went completely under the water , the captain of the thunder , who was in a life raft at the time , started cheering and applauding , which was very unusual behavior for a skipper who had just lost his ship , '' he said . the pursuit of the thunder began after the bob barker encountered the vessel off the coast of antarctica , said burling . he claimed the vessel was found with its nets in the water , illegally catching patagonian toothfish . the thunder dropped its nets and left the scene ; a second sea shepherd vessel that was brought in to retrieve the net found about $ 3 million of toothfish catch in about 72km of illegal gillnet , he claimed . `` that 's why they 're out there in these shadowlands , these unpatrolled remote regions , '' he said . meanwhile the bob barker , supported by a second sea shepherd vessel , pursued the thunder all the way to the gulf of guinea . during that time , burling claimed , the bob barker narrowly avoided being rammed by the fishing vessel , while its smaller boats were struck with grappling hooks . the rescue had gone smoothly despite the months of tensions between the two vessels , said burling . `` we worried what they might be like to our crew , whether they might be hostile or violent to us , '' he said . but the indonesian crew who made up the majority of those on board the thunder seemed `` very relieved '' to be rescued . the officers -- who he believed were spanish -- were less so . `` perhaps they would have preferred to have been rescued by someone else , but given the location there was really no other option , '' he said . an interpol `` purple notice , '' released at the request of new zealand in december 2013 , put out a global call for information on the thunder , as well as information on `` the individuals and networks that own , operate and profit from the illegal actions of the vessel . '' it said the vessel had changed its name , national registration and other characteristics a number of times to avoid detection of its illegal fishing activities , and had sailed under the names `` wuhan n 4 '' and `` kuko , '' and under the flags of nigeria and mongolia . the interpol notice said it had `` conflicting information '' about the identity of the vessel 's current operator , but said it had previously been registered as owned by companies in spain , the seychelles and nigeria . interpol confirmed tuesday that the purple notice remained in place . it said it had monitored the situation and noted that all the vessel 's crew members were safely ashore . `` interpol does not conduct investigations itself ; however , we remain available to support any national law enforcement authorities with jurisdiction in this case if such assistance is requested , '' it told cnn . it said no requests had been received as yet .