( cnn ) sleek chassis , alluring paintwork and a need for speed , but these are no ordinary motors . when pedal hits metal , an eco-friendly process gets set in motion . powered by electricity and engineered for efficiency , car enthusiasts from across africa are sparking home-grown concepts that have gotten experts revving . in zaria , a city in northern nigeria , a team of students from the ahmadu bello university are currently applying the final touches to the `` abucar 2 . '' the students used locally available materials to build the vehicle , and even included recycled electrical components in the engine . while it runs on gasoline , the engine maximizes fuel efficiency and produces fewer emissions than normal cars . `` we are sure we have a great car , '' says the project 's supervisor muhammad dauda . `` now we are focusing on making some final enhancements to hone the driving strategy -- this is just like formula one . '' their compact creation , which was built over five months , will travel to the netherlands in may to compete in the european leg of this year 's shell eco-marathon -- the motoring competition rewards those who travel the longest distance using the least amount of fuel . but the team is also working towards a hybrid petro-electric motor , which they hope to unveil in 2016 . at low speeds the vehicle will be powered by electricity alone , but at higher speeds both electric and petrol components will work together . between extremes , excess power generated by the engine recharges the batteries that power the electric motor . it 's the model that toyota uses in the prius . green-focused designs like these are increasingly needed on the continent , as some studies say 50 % of global emissions of organic carbon could come from africa in 2030 . at may 's shell eco-marathon , abucar 's team will be hoping to race past the sleek `` autonov iii '' creation from the university of lagos . painted the colors of the nigerian flag and powered by a solar battery , the car 's aerodynamic teardrop shape helps minimize drag . constructing earlier iterations of this vehicle was put under stress in 2013 when university teachers went on a six month strike , but the industrial action did n't stop the team from tinkering with the electric engine . `` we 've used small tires to reduce the overall weight of the vehicle , '' explains team manager chukwuemeka isiogu . `` we 've trained ourselves to just think about fuel efficiency and create the most efficient vehicle . '' other eco-friendly engineers are less about sleek and more focused on comfort . uganda 's makerere university has produced a two-seater electric car called `` kiira ev '' . with a super-light fibreglass body and lithium ion battery , the car can go 50 miles on a single charge . the design project cost $ 35,000 , but the engineers made sure to include leather seats and a cd player . whilst working on the kiira , the team is also developing an 28-seater electric bus which will run on a mixture of electric and solar power . innovative creations have also come from the university of benin in nigeria . their `` tuke-tuke '' car -- named after local mini-buses -- is made from locally available materials . the brake pads , for example , are made from palm kernels . tuke-tuke also has some key features that will come in handy when slipping through the city 's streets . windscreen wipers start automatically when rain hits the sensors , gears can be changed with the touch of a button and owners use their finger rather than a key to unlock the doors . and when it gets dark , the driver just needs to clap their hands to turn on the interior lights . elsewhere , engineers are working on green vehicles for the whole family . one ghanaian inventor is building suvs with electric motors powered by rechargeable batteries . apostle safo , who also founded a church , dreams big in his five-seater creations which are hand built in gomoa mpota , except for the headlights and tires . while he says the product will be affordable , it remains to be seen just how much a handmade suv would cost . these innovations certainly are impressive concepts , but it 's unlikely electric vehicles will be filling roads on the continent any time soon -- it is unclear how economically viable it would be for governments and companies to build the right number of charging points , but the issue of power itself is even more pressing . `` reliability when it comes to electricity supply is key , '' says south african sustainability consultant anthony dane . `` convincing consumers across africa to invest in an electric vehicle whilst electricity shortages are such a major issue in so many communities is a challenge . '' read this : africa 's 10 most prosperous countries . more from marketplace africa . editor 's note : cnn marketplace africa covers the macro trends impacting the region and also focuses on the continent 's key industries and corporations .