( cnn ) if someone told you that your city had started a program providing clean needles to injecting drug users , would that make you want to start injecting drugs yourself ? the answer , of course , would be no . yet for decades , many have stood by the belief that such programs , known as syringe exchange or syringe services programs , promote and encourage drug use . indeed , for congress , it became the rationale behind a ban implemented in 1988 that prohibits the use of federal funds for these programs . but an overwhelming body of scientific evidence continues to show that this is simply not true . as a result of the recent spikes in hiv and hepatitis c infections among injecting drug users in rural indiana and kentucky , the controversial topic of syringe exchange programs has come to the fore again . and this time , scientific evidence and sound public health practices prevailed as both states authorized the implementation of syringe exchange programs to help curb the spread of these two blood-borne diseases that can be spread by contaminated syringes . this is a welcome step -- an estimated 50,000 americans are newly infected with hiv every year , and some 8 % are among injection drug users . meanwhile , between 2006 and 2012 , at least 30 states experienced increases in hepatitis c infection rates , with more than half reporting at least a 200 % increase in acute infections among young adults . overall , the prevalence of acute hepatitis c among people under 30 rose from 36 % to 49 % in six years . with such numbers in mind , the recent national spotlight on syringe services programs offers a critical opportunity for us to reignite a much-needed conversation . dozens of studies have demonstrated conclusively how effective syringe services programs have been in the fight against hiv and hepatitis c transmission among injection drug users by reducing the reuse and sharing of dirty syringes -- without increasing drug use . in addition to helping curb the spread of these diseases by offering access to sterile syringes , these programs promote public health and safety by taking syringes off the streets and protecting law enforcement personnel and others , including children , from injuries . they also offer preventive health services , such as hiv testing and counseling , and form vital bridges to drug treatment , overdose prevention , housing and employment services . for states such as new york and washington -- early adopters of these interventions -- syringe services programs have played a crucial role in driving down hiv transmission among injecting drug users . washington was the first state in the united states to implement an syringe exchange when it opened a syringe services program in tacoma in 1988 . in new york city -- where half of all injection drug users were hiv positive in the 1980s -- state lawmakers authorized syringe exchange in 1992 to combat the disease , deeming it a `` public health necessity . '' the expansion of these programs in new york was followed by a dramatic reduction in hiv incidence among injecting drug users , declining from 54 % in 1990 to 13 % in 2001 ; hepatitis c prevalence declined from 90 % to 63 % during this period . because they work , syringe services programs will likely be an integral part of the statewide plans announced by new york gov . andrew cuomo and washington gov . jay inslee to reduce new hiv infections dramatically by 2020 . syringe exchange programs not only save lives , but also save millions of dollars in hiv treatment costs . while a clean syringe costs less than 50 cents , the average lifetime cost of treating an hiv-positive person is estimated to be around $ 425,000 . as hiv-positive injection drug users report higher levels of unemployment and homelessness , public programs such as medicaid will ultimately become responsible for the expensive treatment costs . for example , an analysis by johns hopkins university researchers showed that expanding the availability of syringe services programs to cover just 10 % of all injections in the united states would prevent almost 500 new hiv infections among drug users per year . this translates into $ 193 million in savings reaped from averted treatment costs after an estimated $ 64 million investment . in other words , every dollar spent on syringe exchange saves between $ 3 and $ 7 in hiv treatment costs alone . despite such evidence , syringe services programs are continually caught in the political crossfire . a longstanding ban , temporarily lifted in 2009 and then reinstated by congress as part of 2010 budget negotiations , prevents state and local jurisdictions from spending their federal health dollars on these programs . lifting the ban will not cost any additional money -- it simply allows states to spend their federally allocated dollars on syringe services programs , if they choose to do so . why is this important ? the federal government provides the majority of funding for all hiv prevention services . without access to federal funding , more than 200 syringe service programs in 34 states , washington , d.c. , and puerto rico are operating on shoestring budgets from local and state governments . this has forced syringe services programs across the country to cut staff , scale down services and potentially shut their doors for good . meanwhile , the new hiv and hepatitis c infections among injecting drug users in primarily rural states , such as in indiana or kentucky , show that the landscape of injection drug use in america is rapidly changing . we have a chance right now to get ahead of the curve and avert a nationwide resurgence of hiv and hepatitis c infections through injection drug use . it is time for congress to make sound and effective policy based upon facts rather than discredited assertions or unsubstantiated fears .