istanbul , turkey ( cnn ) the questions turks asked on tuesday were tinged with fear . `` what 's going on ? what happened ? why ca n't i get into the subway ? '' asked an elderly woman in a white headscarf with several shopping bags as she stood outside the barricaded entrance to one of istanbul 's busiest subway stations . she was one of millions of turks left confused and concerned by the worst power outage to grip the country in more than a decade . dozens of cities across turkey lost power for hours on tuesday . millions of people were affected , including passengers stranded on paralyzed trains and subways . municipal workers were forced to evacuate istanbul 's marmaray tunnel , where the black-out left commuters trapped deep beneath the rushing waters of the bosphorus strait . more than 24 hours later , turkish officials were still at pains to explain the power outage . the energy minister suggested a possible failure in transmission lines . the prime minister did not rule out the possibility of a terror attack . the mysterious collapse of much of the country 's energy grid triggered a burst of wild conspiracy theories across social media . some twitter users went so far as to suggest the black-outs were a warm up for elections scheduled to take place in june . there is fertile ground for rumor-mongering in turkey . over the last five years , security forces have arrested hundreds of army generals , journalists , prosecutors , civil society activists and police commanders and accused them of being members of assorted plots aimed at toppling the government . the government 's increasingly heavy-handed repression of public dissent , combined with overt censorship of the media and the internet , have also contributed to a hyper-polarized and deeply mistrustful political atmosphere . even turkey 's veteran deputy prime minister , bulent arinc , recently observed that opposition supporters now look at him `` with hatred '' rather than the grudging respect he enjoyed when his political party first swept to power in elections in 2002 . meanwhile , mysterious black-outs are a sore spot for some turks , after a surreal 2014 incident on election night -- allegedly involving a feline saboteur . that is -- a cat that allegedly wandered into a power transformer . that was almost exactly a year ago , a smaller series of power outages affected some polling stations during nationwide municipal elections , prompting unsubstantiated accusations of vote rigging . the ruling justice and development party ended up winning by a comfortable margin , but few turks were reassured by the energy minister 's explanation that the voting day black-outs were caused by a cat getting lost . as electricity was just starting to come back on in istanbul on tuesday , a second crisis erupted . websites linked to an extremist leftist militant group known as the dhkp-c began publishing chilling photos of a masked man holding a pistol to the head of a hostage in front of communist flags . two gunmen had somehow infiltrated the palace of justice , the monolithic court house in the center of istanbul . there they took hostage mehmet selim kiraz , the prosecutor in charge of one of the most politically sensitive trials in the country . the gunmen demanded the confessions of police officers accused of shooting a tear gas canister at berkin elvan , a 15-year-old boy who was critically wounded during anti-government protests that raged across istanbul in 2013 . the boy 's death after months in a medically-induced coma triggered a fresh burst of protests and riots against the government . on tuesday , in the midst of the hostage crisis at the court house , the turkish government imposed a gag order banning broadcasters from reporting on the palace of justice siege . the broadcast ban is a measure that the turkish government has repeatedly used in recent years to stifle reporting on deadly terrorist attacks . the government also famously shut down twitter and youtube in an effort to kill highly embarrassing political scandals involving corruption . ultimately , tuesday 's court house siege ended in a deadly hail of bullets that left both gunmen dead and the prosecutor mortally wounded . turkish officials say special forces raided the court house only after the militants began shooting . online and in the streets , some turks began linking the massive electricity blackouts to the hostage-taking inside one of turkey 's best-protected buildings , even though there is little to suggest the two incidents are connected . just hours after the shooting , tensions exploded yet again at the court house . istanbul 's police chief had called for a press conference . as journalists jostled their way through security at the entrance to the largely deserted courthouse , some bystanders began chanting `` government thieves . '' just hours after a devastating lapse of security at the palace of justice , police began detaining the demonstrators hurling abuse at their elected government . the reactions to tuesday 's bewildering series of events revealed several truths about contemporary turkey . the country is tense and confused after years of back-to-back political crises . heavy-handed censorship has left the mainstream media widely distrusted and discredited by broad segments of society . and the absence of a common , credible space for sharing information has pushed critics of the government to the fringes of social media . amid the burst of optimism and civil society activism in the early heady days of the arab spring in 2011 , turkey was often cited as a possible democratic model for countries in the middle east . many of those arab countries have since descended into conflict , repression and instability . in the meantime , turkey feels increasingly vulnerable to demons of its own making .