( cnn ) tejano star selena , who died 20 years ago , is coming back in a big way : with a hologram-like figure . billboard reports that the singer 's family is creating a version of the singer that will be `` walking , talking , singing and dancing digital embodiment '' of her persona . `` by no means is this something that 's creepy or weird , '' her sister , suzette quintanilla , told billboard . `` we think it 's something amazing . a lot of the new fans that did not get to experience what selena was about hopefully will be able to get a sense of her with this new technology that 's going to be coming out . '' selena : 20 years after her death . the technology is being handled by acrovirt llc , a nevada-based tech company . `` using detailed individual personalized functions spanning the mind , brain and body , the individual 's digitized human essence will autonomously learn and react on behalf of its human counterpart 's , '' the company explained . the project is being called `` selena the one . '' twenty years after she was killed by her fan club president , selena remains incredibly popular , with her facebook page recording 2 million likes and fans continuing to post videos and tributes . selena will be the first figure to use the acrovirt technology , quintanilla said . `` i 'm excited at the fact that she will be the first ever , and the fact that she 's a latina makes it even more awesome , '' she said . `` it 's not about replacing selena in any shape , way or form ; it 's just something to help her legacy continue growing . '' the family intends to expand her legacy in another way : with some new music . selena the one `` will release new songs and videos , will collaborate with current hit artists , and aims to go on tour in 2018 , '' said a statement on selena 's facebook page . selena is n't the first performer to try the virtual route . a michael jackson hologram appeared at the billboard music awards in 2014 , and a hologram of tupac shakur performed at coachella in 2012 . but the new technology is a step forward , quintanilla said . `` people do n't realize how fast technology is moving , '' she told billboard . `` this is something that we 're building for another two to three years , so when 2018 comes around they 'll be like , ' oh , ok , we get it . ' `` fans can join an indiegogo campaign , www.selenatheone.com , to support the launch . the campaign , which hopes to raise $ 500,000 , begins april 16 . the commemorative fiesta de la flor in corpus christi , texas -- which celebrates her life -- is scheduled for april 17 and 18 . cnn 's katia hetter contributed to this story .