( cnn ) here you go , galaxy . the force is back . at an emotional event in anaheim , california , director j.j. abrams and the `` star wars : episode vii -- the force awakens '' cast showed off for the audience and then capped the presentation with the trailer for the new film . the audience gasped , cheered and applauded . the cast was appreciative of the welcome . `` you 're more than fans . you 're family , '' mark hamill told the crowd . carrie fisher was also there , though without her trademark princess leia hair buns . they 're `` retired , '' she said . airline unveils ' star wars ' 787 dreamliner painted like r2-d2 . also introduced : `` star wars '' emoji , some new stormtroopers and the bb8 , the soccer-ball-like droid that rolled around the stage , to the delight of the audience . it was n't cgi , either , as much of the movie , abrams said , was filmed on actual sets . twitter erupted with near-instantaneous reaction , most of it enthusiastic . cnnmoney : ' star wars ' teaser sends twitter into lightspeed . the new `` star wars '' is due out december 18 . cnn 's henry hanks was in the audience . here are his five top takeaways from the event : 1 . han flies again . the trailer ended in a big way , with han solo and chewbacca having apparently arrived after a flight on the millennium falcon . the reaction in the room of fans was nothing short of rapturous upon seeing harrison ford back in character as han . a few burst into tears at the end of the the 110-second teaser . 2 . that 's not tatooine . abrams revealed that their shooting location was not meant to represent the skywalker ancestral home of tatooine , as many believed . instead , it 's a planet called jakku , where much of the early action of the movie takes place . daisy ridley 's rey meets up with a stromtrooper , finn ( john boyega ) and that 's where the adventure begins . 3 . hints of luke and leia . oscar isaac dropped a major hint that his pilot character of poe is sent on a mission by `` a princess , '' and we 're fairly certain which one he meant . leia and luke are n't seen in the trailer , but we hear luke 's unmistakable voice as he passes along a lightsaber , presumably to other skywalker family members . carrie fisher also teased her new wardrobe , and promised no metal bikini . 4 . there 's less cgi than in the prequels . abrams said he was proud that `` you can watch the movie and see what it is '' before the effects wizards at industrial light and magic did their work . and yes , the new droid bb-8 ( who was a fan favorite at the panel ) is not cgi . 5 . the ruins of the empire are all around . a crashed star destroyer can be seen at the opening of the trailer , as well as a look at vader 's charred helmet . chills . creating the sounds of ' star wars ' . cnn 's henry hanks contributed to this story .