( cnn ) given that most people could n't tell the difference between a copyright and a trademark , it usually takes something controversial , such as the washington redskins ' refusal to change their name , to get people interested in trademark law . this week , a higher court scrutinized a lesser-known trademark -- when the band the slants sought to protect its name . the slants are five asian-american musicians from portland , oregon , who pay homage to the '80s on stage -- and homage to their heritage in an ironic way . `` we want to take on stereotypes that people have about us , like the slanted eyes , and own them , '' simon shiao tam , the band 's front-man , said . in other words , the group adopted the lenny bruce philosophy of repeating an insulting term until it does n't mean anything anymore . to the slants , `` slant '' is n't an insult , it is empowering . and more power to them . unfortunately , a bureaucrat at the u.s. patent and trademark office decided that `` slant '' was disparaging to asians , and denied them a trademark registration under the despised ( by me , anyhow ) section 2 ( a ) of the trademark act . this is the section that lets the government deny trademark protection to a mark that is `` immoral , '' `` scandalous '' or `` disparaging . '' in this case , the latter . but wait a minute . this is n't billionaire dan snyder referring to other people as `` redskins . '' in l'affair redskins , it is the disparaged group , native americans , who are complaining -- not the government deciding on its own that it knows best . in the slants ' case , these are asian guys who say `` it does n't bother us , so why should it bother you ? '' and it is n't as if any asian american groups got involved . this is not the first time that someone has `` taken back '' a marginalizing term in a trademark fight . about 10 years ago , the motorcycle club `` dykes on bikes '' was similarly rebuffed , and they fought back and won the right to protect their mark . they made similar arguments that resonated : if they wanted to call themselves `` dykes on bikes , '' then what place does the government have in judging that decision ? in another decision , the trademark office initially denied a registration for buddha beachwear on the grounds that buddhists would find it disparaging . but on reconsideration , the trademark trial and appeal board held that it should go forward stating it is `` imperative that the board be careful to avoid interposing its own judgment for that of buddhists . '' so why are n't the slants given the same privileges as dykes on bikes or buddha beachwear ? it is largely a sign of the times . we find ourselves mired deeper and deeper in a society where people actually get excited to take offense at virtually anything . given the lingering controversy over the redskins ' trademark , our five friends from oregon did n't stand a chance . this decision offends me . for starters , by trying to protect asians from racism , the court issued a disturbingly racist decision based on the fact that these were , in fact , asians who intended their band name to invoke their ethnicity . but , if a sicilian ( like me ) were to seek to register the same exact name , with no such intent , i would enjoy that privilege . this is n't quite korematsu v. united states ( the decision that authorized putting asians in internment camps ) , but the decision is quite unprincipled . even worse , this decision gets the first amendment wrong . the majority opinion almost flippantly discards the constitutional issues as much ado about nothing . essentially it says , `` we did it this way before , so we are going to keep doing it this way . '' your constitution got stepped on before , and who are we to take our feet off of it ? if you 're not upset by now , you should be . well , the court does give us a sort-of dissent styled as `` additional views . '' while not binding , some of our most cherished first amendment rights grew from the tiny seeds planted by the dissents of oliver wendell holmes . the dissent in this case recognizes the fact that trademarks are commercial speech , which is protected by the first amendment . it also notes that the government should not be in the business of giving out or withholding benefits on the basis of the content of the recipient 's speech . this is known as the doctrine of `` unconstitutional conditions . '' since section 2 ( a ) discriminates against first amendment protected expression on the basis of its content , the court has called for 2 ( a ) to be , finally , deemed unconstitutional . but , for some reason , it declined to actually go that far . it merely suggested it , without so ruling . and people wonder why my hair is falling out . i guess i will start a protest band and call them `` the guinea pigs . '' but , i wo n't be allowed to register that trademark -- although the five asian guys from the slants could . maybe we should just each register the other band 's marks , and trade them after we get past the bureaucrats at the trademark office .