( cnn ) five young chinese feminists , whose detention has provoked an international outcry , may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality . the women were among detained on march 6 and march 7 in three chinese cities -- beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou -- shortly before events they had planned for international women 's day on march 8 . wang qiushi , the lawyer for one of the women , wei tingting , said police had recommended on april 6 that prosecutors press charges of `` assembling a crowd to disturb public order . '' wang told cnn that prosecutors had to decide whether to pursue the charges within seven days of the submission -- by monday . `` we hope that the prosecutors will not approve a formal arrest warrant , following the laws and standing up to pressure , '' he said . `` but nobody knows what to expect till monday ; we can do nothing but wait . '' the five were initially held on suspicion of `` picking quarrels and provoking trouble . '' wang said he did n't know why the charge against the women changed . `` neither should constitute a crime , '' he said . campaign group amnesty international said the new charge was less serious but still carried a maximum jail term of five years . `` the women were doing nothing wrong , nothing illegal . they were simply calling for an end to sexual harassment , '' william nee , china researcher at amnesty international told cnn . `` everything they were doing was in line with china 's own laws and policies . '' wang said that wei had been subject to lengthy cross examinations during her detention but was well the last time they met on march 31 . two of the women are said to be in poor health . he added that the charges relate both to the activities the women planned for international women 's day and earlier campaigns against domestic violence and for more public toilets for women . the five -- who are members of china 's women 's rights action group -- had planned to hand out stickers printed with slogans saying `` stop sexual harassment , let us stay safe '' and `` go police , go arrest those who committed sexual harassment ! '' on women 's day . the detention of wei , along with wu rongrong , li tingting , wang man and zheng churan has drawn harsh criticism from the international community . protests have taken place in several cities , including hong kong , that urge chinese officials to `` free the five . '' a social media campaign also uses the phrase as a hashtag . on monday , hillary clinton , former u.s. secretary of state , tweeted that the activists ' detention was `` inexcusable . '' her comment drew a rebuke from chinese authorities , who said public figures should respect china 's sovereignty and independence . maya wang , china researcher at human rights watch , said the activists were best known for their `` performance art '' style protests -- occupying public toilets to highlight long lines at women 's restrooms , donning blood-spattered wedding gowns to protest domestic violence and shaving their heads to protest against barriers to higher education for women . `` these activists epitomize the spirit of the times . they are young , confident , ready to challenge established norms , '' wang said . as china prepares to mark the anniversary of landmark un fourth world conference on women in september , it will be hard for authorities to justify detaining the activists , she added .