kathmandu , nepal ( cnn ) we came on a commercial flight to kathmandu . blue tarps were visible from the sky for people to hide under -- signs that there was something wrong . we had to circle the airport for a couple of hours . there were a couple of issues . there was an aftershock this afternoon , so they were checking the runway for damage . military and aid flights have priority , and a few military planes -- indian military planes -- were going in , trying to bring in aid . whether they did is unclear . when we landed at the airport , it was wet and cold . a couple of thousand people were lining the road to the entrance to the airport trying to get out . but there 's no way to get out , really . there were torrential rainstorms for a couple of hours , and with the strong aftershock a couple of hours ago , no one wants to go inside . the residents of kathmandu sure do n't . you can see some structural damage to buildings . most buildings are not up to high construction standards . fallen : nepal 's historic landmarks . driving through the city , there 's not a huge amount of visible damage . there 's some damage to houses and buildings , but it 's not as visual as the haiti earthquake ( of 2010 ) . we were able to drive the main road to the hotel we 're staying at , but they 're not allowing anyone inside because of the aftershocks . the guests are in a big tent used for functions on the lawn . people are squeezed in . there are probably about 100 people in there . the tents are covered , but water is seeping in from streets puddled with water , especially around the edges of the tent . so people are outside in the rain with no shelter . it 's visually stark , with people in the streets . it 's colder than usual this time of year . i 'm cold and damp . when it 's almost may , it 's usually much hotter . there 's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of , no drinking water . for the residents , it 's really bad . very soon , they will need shelter . temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government . it looks like a city where buildings have been abandoned . people are hanging out in public squares and at intersections to avoid rubble from buildings . those who survived -- and those who did n't . there are issues with fuel in the city , and driving in , all the stores were shuttered . you occasionally see a cart with food or a few bottles of drinking water , but for the most part , nothing is being sold in the city . i do n't think they 're very concerned about looting , and there 's no military in the streets , but they will have to get water and food in the city soon . communal kitchens have been set up for cooking . not by the government -- people set them up on their own . people are beside themselves in shock . their biggest concern now is the structures , needing a place for shelter , to hide from the elements and sleep . food will become the biggest concern in the coming days . kathmandu is n't the epicenter though . no one 's sure what it 's like at the epicenter . people have n't been able to get to outlying areas . we have n't been able to corroborate this , but the people we 're talking to here say there 's damage to the villages outside kathmandu -- thousands of houses damaged to the north , closer to the epicenter . cnn 's ingrid formanek reported from kathmandu and mark morgenstein wrote in atlanta .