norfolk , virginia ( cnn ) the second mate of the houston express probably could n't believe what he was seeing . hundreds of miles from land there was a small boat nearby . at first it looked abandoned . it was in bad shape , listing to one side . the crew of the 1,000-foot long container ship thought it was a yacht that had wrecked . incredibly , as they got closer , they saw there was a man on it , signaling for help . `` he was moving , walking around , waving to us and in surprisingly good condition , '' capt . thomas grenz told cnn by phone friday . that man , louis jordan , 37 , had an amazing story . he 'd been drifting on the 35-foot pearson sailboat for more than two months since leaving conway , south carolina , to fish in the ocean . just a few days into his trip , a storm capsized his boat and broke his mast . one of his shoulders was broken , too , so he could n't fix the boat right away . eventually he was able to rig a makeshift mast and sail , but he could make little headway against the currents . `` it took so long , '' jordan said . `` it moved so slowly . '' the boat capsized two more times before he was rescued , according to jordan . his father , frank jordan , told cnn 's jim sciutto that he was expecting his son to look different . `` he looked good . had n't lost too much weight . he was n't badly sunburned like i thought he probably would be , '' he said . lost at sea for 66 days . after his food and water ran out , it became an issue of survival . collecting fresh water was a nightmare for jordan . the weather would n't cooperate . records show there were more than a dozen storms off the coast of the carolinas during the time he was missing . the precipitation came at night during harsh conditions . `` i had tried to collect ( rain ) water ... but every time the waves would splash into the boat , '' jordan said . `` the waves would put saltwater into my freshwater and it tasted bad . `` finally the conditions were right . i filled up my water tank , which is 25 gallons . i filled up a bucket . '' then there was the issue of food . the fish were n't cooperating , but after a while jordan learned they were attracted to his laundry , which he would put out to sea for a rinse . the fish would swim in and out of his clothes and he could easily scoop them up with a hand net , he said . jordan came ashore thursday evening . cnn affiliate wavy in norfolk , virginia , reported that he was able to walk from the helicopter into sentara norfolk general hospital about 7:30 p.m . coast guard officials have said they have found no reason to doubt jordan 's incredible story . they noted that his father contacted them january 29 to report his son and his boat missing . frank jordan addressed the skepticism about his son 's appearance , saying the boat stayed afloat and upright most of the time . his son spent most of his days in the cabin , out of the sun . frank jordan said it was obvious when the jordans met at the hospital friday morning that his normally low-key and private son had been through an ordeal . `` i know he went through what he went through , '' frank jordan said . jordan is an unemployed truck driver who lived on his boat at a marina in conway . he had free rent and free food in the river , he said . but when it became difficult to catch dinner , he took off for the ocean in hopes he would land some bigger fish . frank jordan told cnn 's wolf blitzer on thursday that he had worried about his son , who is an inexperienced sailor , but he held hope because his son had a good boat . and he had the strength to make it . `` he 's got a very strong constitution and ( is strong ) not only physically , but spiritually , '' frank jordan said . `` and he told me on the phone that he was praying the whole time , so i believe that sustained him a great deal . '' rescue swimmer kyle mccollum was the first to care for jordan on the flight back to land . `` you would expect sunburns , severe sunburn , blisters maybe ... a bunch of medical issues that could possibly be wrong with him , '' he said . `` but for him to be in his current state was pretty amazing . '' grenz was also surprised by jordan 's condition , physically and mentally . the rescued sailor knew almost exactly what day it was , remarkable for someone who had been on the water for more than 60 days . jordan was dehydrated and said he was hungry . `` we took him to a rescue boat , '' the container ship captain said . `` he was given water and pea soup to gain some power again . '' derriel morris , a neighbor at the bucksport plantation marina & rv resort called jordan a nice guy who loved his 47-year-old boat , named `` angel . '' morris said : `` it was immaculate , it was gorgeous , beautifully painted . i mean it looked like a brand new sailboat . '' morris told cnn affiliate wpde that one day in january he was going to the store and jordan asked him to bring back some coffee creamer . but when he returned to the marina , jordan had slipped away . `` there was no shore line , no hose ; it was like he was never there , '' morris told the station . after he disappeared others who also live there held a candlelight ceremony . the marina 's manager , jeff weeks , told wpde that jordan is expected to be back at buscksport next week . tales of people who cheated death after days , weeks adrift .