( cnn ) the accidental death of a 2-year-old boy in milwaukee on sunday triggered a violent chain of events , eventually claiming the lives of three more people . it all started with a birthday party that little damani terry was attending . during the family gathering , he dashed out into the street and was struck and killed by a gmc van , according to milwaukee police . the distraught driver , archie brown jr. , 40 , immediately stopped and got out to tend to the boy . but it was too late , police said . damani was dead . damani 's alarmed family came running , including his older brother , 15-year-old rasheed chiles , police said . that was not the end of the situation . soon , two more people would also die : the driver and the teen were both felled by bullets fired by the same man , police said . that man , identified as ricky ricardo chiles iii , was located late wednesday at a chicago-area hotel . he committed suicide as authorities closed in with a warrant for his arrest , milwaukee police chief ed flynn told reporters . `` chicago police and united states marshals service entered the hotel room , whereupon mr. chiles took his own life with his firearm , '' the police chief said thursday . an accidental death , a fatal retaliation rips apart two families . damani 's family members had previously identified the shooting suspect as the boys ' uncle . `` sunday was the worst day i ever lived in my whole entire life , '' lena tidwell , told cnn affiliate wisn . `` it 's a day i wish had never , never came . '' tidwell is the boys ' grandmother and the mother of the alleged gunman . she said she was inside eating cake and ice cream at the birthday when her life turned upside down . `` i did n't know my grandbaby got hit , and then i heard people just screaming , '' she said . `` then i just heard gunshots , and my daughter ran in the house with the baby in her arms . '' the family believes the uncle targeted brown , and rasheed was struck by an errant bullet . `` i heard he was trying to pick his brother up . he was trying to hold him and save him , '' a family friend , stephanie townsend , told cnn affiliate witi . earlier this week , flynn bemoaned the apparent madness of what happened . `` what did we have sunday ? '' flynn asked . `` we had some clown take the law into his own hands and murder a guy who was doing what we expect good citizens to do , and oops , accidentally kill somebody else . ''