( cnn ) for many girl scout troops it is officially cookie season . i feel guilty saying no to the sweet , enthusiastic girls standing outside my grocery store who use their smiles and newly practiced sales pitches to ask how many boxes i 'd like to order . after all , the organization is dedicated to enhancing girls ' character and confidence . and i have to admit that the samoas ( now called `` caramel delites '' ) are delicious . but as a physician who is passionate about health promotion , i politely tell the girls , `` no , thanks . '' i am concerned that every bite and every sale not only delivers an unhealthy snack , but also a dangerous nutrition message . and i 'm surprised that more doctors are n't speaking up about this . thin mints , the most popular cookie , contains refined white flour , sugar , partially hydrogenated oil , and high fructose corn syrup . the first ingredient in those caramel delites is sugar , but they also contain corn syrup and high fructose corn syrup , for a total of 6 grams of sugar per cookie . that 's a lot of sugar , and while some experts debate whether high fructose corn syrup is any worse than sugar , we agree that both , in the vast quantities we americans consume , contribute to obesity . but i 'm not only concerned about obesity . there are two other more insidious and dangerous risks to consider : cancer and heart disease . how could a cookie cause cancer ? let me explain . both high fructose corn syrup and sugar in the united states are largely made from genetically modified crops : 95 % of the sugar beets grown in the united states are gmo , as is 88 % percent of the corn . those crops are engineered to withstand spraying of the monsanto herbicide roundup ready . last month the international agency for research on cancer declared the key ingredient , glyphosate , a probable carcinogen . canola oil , another cookie ingredient , is also of concern : 90 % of rape seed ( from which canola is produced ) is gmo , too . suddenly those cookies seem less benign , do n't they ? if that is n't enough to dampen your cravings , recent studies have found a causal link between sugar and heart disease . and trans fats have been well documented to increase the risk of heart disease . a few years ago , this was a big story , and most products now boast that they have zero trans fats . in reality , companies are allowed to claim `` zero '' on the label if a serving contains less than 0.5 grams of trans fats . but often we eat more than one serving—do you really stop at two cookies ? -- so rather than zero , your actual intake can be several grams . adding to the confusion , on the ingredient label , transfats show up as partially hydrogenated oils , including in thin mints , caramel delites , peanut butter patties , and other popular girl scout cookies . clearly the girl scouts ' leadership knows of the dangers ; they actively advertise on the boxes and web site those cookies contain `` zero grams trans fat per serving . '' `` you might be thinking , ' wow ! i 'm glad dr. maizes was n't my mom ! '' but my kids will tell you i love a good dessert . in fact , i make a mean cheesecake . an occasional home-baked cookie is not going to ruin a kid 's health . the problem is bigger than cookies . there is too little conversation on the hazards of sugar , white flour , gmos , and trans fats from those whom you would expect to call them out : physicians . perhaps this is not so surprising . after all , pediatricians , whose job is to protect the health of children , have a sum total of zero hours of required nutrition education in their residencies . nor do residency review committees require internists , family physicians or cardiologists to learn nutrition . and yet , there is compelling evidence that a diet rich in vegetables and fruit , whole grains , fish , nuts , and moderate amounts of dairy and alcohol , as well as avoiding smoking , obesity -- and exercising 30 minutes a day -- lowers overall mortality by 65 % . similar results were found in the study published under the name `` healthy living is the best revenge '' , which showed that eating a healthy diet ( fruits , vegetables , beans , whole grains , nuts , seeds , and low meat consumption ) would prevent 78 % of chronic disease , 93 % of diabetes , 81 % of heart attacks , 50 % of strokes and 36 % of all cancers . at the university of arizona center for integrative medicine , where i serve as executive director , we are seeking to remedy this . we include nutrition in all our training programs and have a new , 100-hour online course that is being pilot-tested at five pediatric residencies including stanford , universities of arizona , chicago , and kansas , and eastern virginia medical school . we also run an annual nutrition and health conference to address nutrition education for physicians in practice . educating doctors will not be enough . parents and schools have a role to play as well . and the girl scouts , with their enormous reach and influence , could do their part and choose a new fundraising item . times change and our traditions evolve . what if , this spring , the girls sold fresh fruit and vegetables , tomato plants or flowers , or even pedometers ? what if in addition to their characters and confidence we directly addressed the health of their bodies ? read more : what girl scout cookies taught me about life .