beijing ( cnn ) amid tight security , a chinese court has convicted veteran journalist gao yu for revealing state secrets and sentenced her to seven years in prison . gao , 71 , immediately said she would appeal , her lawyer mo shaoping told cnn friday . after a closed trial last november , the no . 3 intermediate people 's court in beijing had twice delayed handing down a verdict , giving gao 's supporters some hope that the authorities ' apparent hesitation may lead to her acquittal and release . `` today 's conviction is mainly based on a forced confession that she had since retracted , '' mo said . `` this is a totally wrong judgment that does n't respect the facts or the evidence . '' the government had accused gao of disclosing a highly confidential `` document no . 9 '' issued by the ruling communist party leadership in 2013 to an overseas chinese-language news organization , according to her lawyer . the document revealed the party 's ideological battle plan to counter advocates of constitutional democracy , banning public discussions on topics ranging from press freedom , civil rights to judicial independence . `` there is no defense against state secret charges in china , anything the party or the government want to label as state secrets will be labeled and treated as such -- they can even do it retroactively , '' said nicholas bequelin , the hong kong-based east asia director of amnesty international . `` her sentencing is in line with the very stern approach president xi jinping 's team has taken on dissent , information control and challenges to the party , '' he added . beijing police detained gao in late april of last year -- ahead of the sensitive 25th anniversary of the tiananmen square crackdown -- and state broadcaster cctv soon aired her `` confession '' on national television . expressing `` deep remorse '' in the video , gao told interrogators she `` deeply regretted that her behavior had harmed national interests and violated the law . '' mo , her lawyer , said the authorities had extracted the confession by threatening her son 's safety and released the police video to cctv without her knowledge . he added the alleged recipient of the leaked document even publicly denied that gao was his source . an outspoken journalist and press freedom advocate , gao began her career as a reporter for the state-run china news service in 1979 and , in recent years , had been writing columns for overseas chinese-language publications . she was arrested after the tiananmen square protests in 1989 and released more than a year later . she was imprisoned for another six years for leaking state secrets in 1993 -- though the government has never disclosed details of that case . since xi took power over two years ago , his government has jailed hundreds of activists across china despite rising international concern . `` we are in the midst of one of the most severe crackdowns on human rights activists , '' said bequelin of amnesty international . `` what the state used to tolerate , it does n't tolerate anymore . ''