( cnn ) it 's time for liberals to look local . with washington gridlocked over almost everything and congressional republicans standing firm against any further expansion of domestic policy , the odds of congress passing another new deal or great society are minimal . it will take a lot of work by democratic voters and activists to change the numbers on capitol hill so that liberal ideas stand a chance of passing . yet at the state and local level , the story has been much different . liberal democrats have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives . in new york city , mayor bill de blasio has launched an ambitious pre-k education program to broaden access for all of the city 's residents . in new orleans , the mayor has put together a generous housing program to guarantee that there are no veterans without shelter . the drive for same-sex marriage equality took hold in the states before reaching the federal level . states such as vermont , oregon , and washington as well as new jersey have taken the lead in adopting eco-friendly policies . while congress has resisted president barack obama 's call to raise the federal minimum wage to $ 10.10 from $ 7.25 , 21 states and the district of columbia went ahead and enacted minimum wage increases of their own . this is just the tip of the iceberg . at the annual conference for new america in washington last week , the focus was on innovation . the most exciting ideas are taking hold at the local level . as the atlantic 's james fallows explained to the audience , when one moves beneath the gridlock of washington and down to the towns and communities of america , it is quickly possible to see the `` functionality of politics '' -- where partisanship does not trump the need to solve problems . this has given liberals an opening . in detroit , a company called detroit dirt is taking food scraps from local eating establishments and transforming them into compost for gardens to nurture communities and lower the environmental footprint of the city , pashon murray said at the new america conference . jonathan mintz , the founding president and ceo of cities for financial empowerment fund , explained how his organization assists local governments to develop global partnerships that help lower- and middle-income americans gain greater access to banking services . but many liberal democrats are uneasy about embracing this trend . since the new deal in the 1930s , which followed the total collapse of the patchwork of local and state social welfare programs overwhelmed by the weight of the great depression , doing things at the national level has been seen as the only way to go . only by making programs national could policymakers ensure that state and local government officials ( particularly southern democrats who had little taste for giving benefits to african-americans ) could not distribute benefits only to certain portions of the population . only the federal government had the taxing power necessary to sustain robust domestic initiatives . in this view , it was believed that only washington policymakers could bring together the best and brightest minds to make sure that programs were designed and administered well . only through centralized programs , could policymakers ensure that residents of one state did n't receive more meager benefits than in other places . some programs , like climate change , can only work well if every state has to follow the rules . for the time being , liberals need to abandon that bias . even if all the fears are warranted , right now there are enough benefits to justify more local programs . the most important obviously is simply practical . this is the only opportunity that liberals have right now of seriously moving forward with new ideas . local and state politics are also proving to be arenas for great experimentation . this is one of the lessons of the 1910s and 1920s , when liberal activists in states such as new york and wisconsin experimented with programs ranging from unemployment insurance to the regulation of work conditions . as supreme court justice louis brandeis wrote , a `` state , may if its citizens choose , serve as a laboratory ; and try novel social and economic experiments without risk to the rest of the country . '' local policymakers and experts developed these programs for many years before they were ever brought to the national stage . the result is that the policies were stronger and better tested , and some of the bad ideas had been discarded after it became clear they did n't work . when franklin roosevelt came to office in the 1930s , he looked to these programs for inspiration about what to do at the national level . the same was true in the 1960s when lyndon johnson and the democratic congress put together civil rights , anti-poverty and urban development programs that had been implemented at the state level . it was easier for federal officials to build support for their proposals when they could point to successful experiments . voters could see how they could work and how some of the worst predictions of opponents had not come true . conservatives have done the same in recent decades . when republicans pushed for welfare reform in 1996 , they drew many ideas from local changes that had been put into place in states such as wisconsin , which had received waivers from national requirements . the local arena is usually not ideal for creating big domestic policies since it depends on so many actors to sustain , since the politics of each region vary so greatly and since the financial muscle of smaller levels of government is much weaker . outside washington 's more conservative environment , political conditions in many parts of the united states are producing important opportunities for liberalism to flourish . this vibrant period of local policymaking will help to prepare the groundwork for the next moment -- like the early 1930s or mid-1960s or during the financial crisis of 2008-2010 -- when the doors for legislating will open in washington .