( cnn ) most days , 16-year-old jason zobott walks into huntley high school in suburban chicago around 7:30 a.m. like any high schooler might . it 's what he does the rest of the day that 's not so typical . zobott is enrolled in huntley high 's blended learning program , which merges internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting . one-third of the school 's 2,700 students are enrolled . in 2015 , the school is working toward enrolling the majority of its students . `` having to work online makes it really accessible to do the work that i have to get done , '' said zobott , a top-ranked junior who balances a heavy load of extracurricular activities with schoolwork . `` i can learn on my own . i can work at the pace i want to work . and i learn the way i want to learn . '' huntley high school students and educators often refer to the program simply as `` blended . '' it allows teachers to write the curriculum , with students giving feedback about the focus . unlike many traditional online learning programs , students have the option of a flexible schedule during allotted blended learning days . some days they meet with teachers , and some days they work online , according to anne pasco , who heads the school 's educational technology efforts . `` in blended learning , we focus on the content . we do n't focus on needing to cover x amount of material , '' pasco said . `` blended allows us to provide a stable environment that gives students the ability to spread their wings a bit , while we have the safety net of pulling them back into class if they need it . '' the `` homegrown '' program , which launched in 2011 , gives students who struggle in certain content areas more one-on-one time with teachers during the school day , pasco said . `` before blended , that had to happen after school or before school or on saturday or maybe not at all , because we had too many other activities that encroach upon ( students ' ) academic day , '' pasco said . `` now , this student can work one-on-one with that teacher during the school day . '' teachers can monitor students ' progress and track lesson plans online to see how much time students spend on a specific assignment . teachers are allowed to restructure the class schedule based on students ' needs . `` there 's actually much better accountability , '' said john burkey , the superintendent for huntley high 's school district , which includes about 9,500 students . `` blended learning is not a panacea , and the success of the program is n't about spending a bunch of money on technology . rather , [ it 's ] looking at what students actually need , and building a culture of innovation to meet those needs . '' burkey said there were plenty of questions about blended learning when it was first introduced to the chicago district in 2011 . one concern : how was the district going to pay for it ? it turns out the blended learning program spends about $ 8,500 per student , less than the illinois average of $ 12,000 per student . `` we spend considerably less than the average school district . we do n't have a lot of resources compared to many districts , '' burkey said . `` we did not put new money into this . what we did is change the old things we were doing and changed them into new ways . it 's really a change in how you think of high school . this is not a more expensive option . '' it has worked . in a study published in 2014 in elearn magazine , 92 % of students surveyed at huntley high said that they were satisfied with the blended learning experience , and no teachers reported negative experiences with it . the school is also seeing higher standardized testing scores . `` the growth of blended certainly has corresponded with an overall rise in act scores , '' district spokesman dan armstrong said . since blended learning was implemented , huntley high 's average composite act score has gone up nearly a point , from 22.1 to 23.0 . for 16-year-old zobott , the advantage is time management . three of his courses are advanced placement . he also plays varsity basketball and club soccer and works part time . the blended learning program helps him better prioritize his busy schedule . `` having blended gives us time to work on them , and get stuff done efficiently so we have more time during the week to do other things , '' he said . what 's still left to be determined about blended learning is how well students do in college or jobs after they graduate , burkey said . `` i think we 're still in the infancy of this , '' burkey said . `` it 's still such a new thing , and we 're all excited about it . my own kids are still in elementary and middle school , so they have not done blended learning yet , but they definitely will when they get to high school . ''