( cnn ) espn suspended reporter britt mchenry for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced thursday . the sports network announced her suspension on twitter . mchenry posted an apology on twitter , saying she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation at a virginia business . `` i ... said some insulting and regrettable things . '' `` as frustrated as i was , i should always choose to be respectful and take the high road . i am so sorry for my actions and will learn from this mistake , '' she wrote . on the roughly one-minute long video that was captured by a surveillance camera , mchenry says to an employee at a register : `` i 'm in the news , sweetheart . i will ( expletive ) sue this place . '' the employee tells mchenry she 's being recorded , but it does n't stop her from continuing her rant . `` that 's why i have a degree and you do n't , '' she says . `` i would n't work at a scumbag place like this . makes my skin crawl even being here . '' later mchenry says , `` maybe if i was missing some teeth they would hire me , huh ? '' the employee apparently says something about mchenry 's hair and the color of her roots . mchenry sasses back , saying , `` oh , like yours , 'cause they look so stunning , 'cause i 'm on television and you 're in a ( expletive ) trailer , honey . lose some weight , baby girl . '' cnn reached out to the arlington towing company for comment but did n't hear immediately back . the edited video was first posted on the website liveleak , which said the incident occurred april 5 . the video inspired the twitter hashtag # firebrittmchenry . the reporter is one of several espn on-air talents to be suspended in the past 12 months . in february , anchor keith olbermann was not on the air for most of a week after a twitter spat that the anchor had with fans of penn state university . bill simmons was suspended in september for three weeks for calling nfl commissioner roger goodell a liar . commentator stephen a. smith was suspended in july for a week for widely criticized remarks about domestic abuse that referred to possible `` provocation '' by victims . how mchenry could have responded . mchenry is based in washington and the incident happened across the potomac river in arlington . mchenry joined espn in 2014 . at the time of her hiring , espn 's senior vice president and director of news , vince doria , praised her knack for getting interviews with major sports celebrities . `` in a relatively short time , britt has established a reputation for strong , aggressive reporting in the d.c. area , and an ability to land big interviews , '' said doria . `` her presence there will be a great benefit to espn 's newsgathering and , as with all of our bureau reporters , she will be assigned to high-profile stories around the country . '' before espn , she was with wjla in washington . mchenry joined the station in 2008 and the sports staff in 2010 . she went to stetson as an undergraduate and northwestern for graduate studies in journalism . opinion : who 's worse : britt mchenry , or us ?