( cnn ) if you were mourning the loss of a loved one in china , at least the entertainment might have cheered you up . until now . in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice , but is now the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice . strippers are invited to perform at funerals , often at great expense , to attract more mourners , china 's official xinhua news agency said . another report suggested another motivation : that the performances `` add to the fun . '' photos obtained by cnn from an attendee at a village funeral in cheng'an county in hebei province show mourners of all ages , including children , watching the performance . the attendee , who asked not to be identified , said he was visiting family during the lunar new year holiday . while he was there , one of the elderly villagers died so he went to the funeral . `` i felt something was n't right , '' he told cnn . `` the performance crossed the line . i had heard about hiring strippers to dance at funerals but had never seen it myself . i was shocked when i saw the strippers . '' he said the villagers said this kind of performance had been practiced for a while . `` they did n't find it shocking or strange . they were used to it . `` they told me , ' what if we ca n't watch ( this kind of ) performance after it gets exposed by the media ? ' '' in some areas of china , the hiring of professional mourners , known as `` kusangren '' is commonplace . these can include performances , although in recent times the dance acts have increasingly tended towards the erotic . china 's ministry of culture issued a statement thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases . it said that the ministry had investigated two separate incidents , one in handan city , hebei province , and the other in suqian city , jiangsu province . both involved multiple-participant `` burlesque '' and `` striptease '' shows as mourners looked on . the ministry 's report said that stripteases undermined `` the cultural value of the entertainment business , '' and asserted that `` such acts were uncivilized . '' the practice has been going on for some time , the report said . exotic dancing and other forms of pornography are illegal in china . the dancers in the two cases were held in `` administrative detention '' following the two investigations , the report added . the ministry of culture did not respond to cnn requests for comment . last year , the chinese ministry of public security ordered police across china to step up efforts to tackle the `` three vices '' -- prostitution , gambling and drug trafficking -- warning officials they would be held accountable for illegal activities . in february 2014 , a massive crackdown on prostitution in the southern manufacturing city of dongguan , dubbed `` sin city '' for its huge vice industry , raided 2,000 establishments and detained more than 900 people .