baghdad , iraq ( cnn ) izzat ibrahim al-douri , a former top deputy to saddam hussein and more recently a key figure in sunni extremist groups battling the iraqi government , has been killed in a security operation in that country , iraqi state-run television reported friday . al-douri was the highest-ranking member of hussein 's regime to evade capture -- the `` king of clubs '' in a deck of playing cards used by american troops to identify the most-wanted regime officials . he also was a man thought to have led the post-hussein sunni extremist group naqshbandi army . military analysis website globalsecurity.org says the naqshbandi army supports isis , which has taken over parts of iraq and syria . al-douri was killed in an operation by iraqi security forces and shia militia members in the hamrin mountains between tikrit and kirkuk , iraq , shia militia commander hadi al-ameri said . that militia is a predominantly shiite fighting group that worked with iraqi troops earlier this month to liberate the iraqi city of tikrit from isis . the death of al-douri was also reported by the governor of salahuddin province , raid al-jubouri , who spoke by phone on iraqi television . al-douri 's body arrived friday in baghdad , where dna samples were taken to confirm the identity , said the spokesman of another shiite militia called hashd shaabi in an interview with state-run iraqiya tv . dna test results could be available in 48 hours , hashd shaabi spokesman yousuf al-kilabi told the outlet . the u.s. military is aware of the media reports but does n't have further information to evaluate them , said col. patrick ryder , spokesman for u.s. central command . while officials are aware of al-douri 's role in the hussein regime , ryder declined to comment about whether the united states or the coalition was targeting any specific individuals . al-douri was a military commander and vice chairman of the country 's revolutionary command council in hussein 's sunni-dominated regime -- effectively hussein 's no . 2 man . hussein 's regime fell during a u.s.-led invasion in 2003 . the u.s. military had said that after the iraqi leader 's fall , al-douri helped finance a sunni insurgency with money he transferred to syria before the government collapsed . a month before the invasion , al-douri presided over a military parade in mosul , an event covered by cnn , and his participation became one of the last times he was seen in public , covered by cnn . al-douri saluted troops from the reviewing stand as they marched by . then , just days before the u.s. invasion , al-douri addressed an emergency summit of the organization of the islamic conference to discuss ultimately unsuccessful ways to avert the war . al-douri accused the united states of aggression and blamed kuwait for his country 's suffering , calling leaders of the neighboring gulf state `` traitors '' for cooperating with the united states and israel . that comment prompted the kuwaiti representative to stand up and protest , to which al-douri countered , `` shut up , sit down you small agent [ of the u.s. ] , you monkey ! '' kuwaiti television cut away from the heated exchange and rejoined the conference later . al-douri 's efforts were all in vain . the united states invaded iraq on march 19 , 2003 , ousting hussein , al-douri and the entire regime . in subsequent years , several claims asserted that al-douri was either killed or captured during the war and its aftermath . at the same time , a man claiming to be al-douri released a number of audio messages over the years taunting iraqi and u.s. officials . in 2012 , a series of videos appeared online purporting to show al-douri deriding the shiite-led government that took over iraq after hussein 's ouster . cnn could n't independently verify the authenticity of those videos on youtube or the identity of the man speaking , though he bore a striking resemblance to al-douri . in the clips , the man who claimed to be al-douri wore an olive military uniform and sat behind a desk with an iraqi flag in the background . he derided iraq 's shiite-dominated government , led by then-prime minister nuri al-maliki , as well as what he described as meddling by neighboring iran . al-maliki 's dawa party , says al-douri , `` has announced iraq as the shiite capital . '' at that time , nine years had passed since the invasion and , al-douri claimed that iraq was still in peril . `` everyone can hear the sounds of danger echoing daily and threatening the country , '' he said . the videos were posted on what was the 65th anniversary of the arab socialist baath party , a political party founded in syria that later provided the political basis for hussein 's now outlawed baath party . cnn 's hamdi alkhshali reported from baghdad . cnn 's jason hanna wrote from atlanta and michael martinez from los angeles . cnn 's jamie crawford contributed from washington , d.c .