washington ( cnn ) the flight voice recorder aboard germanwings flight 9525 reportedly captured blaring cockpit alarms , warning co-pilot andreas lubitz to `` pull up '' and that `` terrain '' was ahead . but that was not enough to stop the aircraft from slamming into the french alps . with reports that lubitz apparently ignored those warnings , there are new calls from aviation experts to develop and deploy enhanced crash avoidance software that could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude . the technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles . if a pilot is incapacitated or ignores audible warnings , the plane 's flight guidance software could take over and plot a course to a safe altitude‎ . in cars , these avoidance systems sometimes deploy brakes or slow a car down to a safer speed , and help maintain safe distances from other vehicles . the idea is not new . in fact , more than 10 years ago , following 9/11 , airbus , the manufacturer of the doomed aircraft , was working to d‎evelop aircraft crash avoidance software with tech giant honeywell -- in part to prevent jetliners from being flown into large buildings or mountains . but the project was ultimately scrapped . a spokesperson for honeywell says the company has no plans to revive the project unless federal regulators demand it be put into cockpits or airlines ask for it . so far that has not happened . cnn also asked airbus about the project , but the company had no comment . former department of transportation inspector general mary schiavo says pilots , regulators and the traveling public have , so far , not bought into claims that computers can do it better . `` for any situation where you are relieving the pilot 's control of their plane , there has been pushback not only from the pilots , but from airlines . there are some sectors that believe that ultimately the pilot must maintain overall control of the plane and that that is your best bet for a safe flight . '' however , she adds , in the case of the germanwings crash , `` this technology , i believe , would have saved the flight . not only would it have saved this flight and the germanwings passengers , it would also save lives in situations where it is not a suicidal , homicidal pilot . it has implications literally for safer flight across the industry . '' pilots ' groups point to numerous instances where a pilot 's training and perhaps unconventional thinking actually saved lives . for example , in 2009 capt . c.b . sullenberger crash-landed u.s. airways flight 1549 into the hudson river in new york , after a flock of geese was sucked into both of its engines and the a320 lost all thrust . the formal national transportation safety board report on the crash said the main thing that contributed to the survivability of the accident was `` the decision-making of the flight crewmembers and their crew resource management during the accident sequence . '' in other words , when sullenberger decided to ditch the plane in the hudson , he saved the 150 passengers and five crew members on board . pilots say if a computer had taken over after it sensed the plane was headed for water , the outcome could have been very different . commercial airline pilot john barton says there are other considerations to take into account as well . `` in systems like this ... the control can not be taken back from the aircraft . or , indiscriminately the aircraft could be taken over on just a normal flight and they ( cockpit crew ) would n't be able to get control back . i think it is going to take a long time to operationally test this kind of technology before it is foolproof . '' he also worries that the autopilot software could be vulnerable to hackers . `` more and more people will come to know the technology . they will work on the technology and therefore there will be bad people that will be able to exploit that technology . that 's not a good thing . '' but in an incident like the germanwings tragedy , where a pilot is being blamed for the crash , schiavo says there must be additional safeguards and that this technology would be a start . `` most of the major commercial jetliner crashes in the last two or three years could have been saved with an override . '' barton says there are already plenty of safeguards in place in the united states . for example , he says , the federal aviation administration rule that two people must always be in the cockpit during a flight might also have saved the germanwings flight . that is a practice that several overseas carriers -- including germanwings and its parent company , lufthansa -- have now adopted . `` the solution to the problem simply is for the rest of the world globally to adhere to the standards that the united states has used forever , and that is sound hiring practices , safety and training and security practices . '' barton says .