( cnn ) in her 40 years living in rochelle , illinois , cathy olson had never seen a tornado that big . `` i saw the top of the funnel cloud , and it was absolutely massive , '' she said . she watched the hulking gray twister grind past her town thursday , tearing up its fringes . farther north , in the rural illinois hamlet of fairdale , one person died as a twister shredded homes and ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs . only the thickest branches remained standing . it was the only death reported so far in two days of tornado touchdowns . rochelle was fortunate . but in nearby kirkland , debris was so thick on the roads , responders searching for trapped residents could not yet assess the damage or injuries , fire officials said . on thursday , a video surfaced on youtube of a massive twister barreling across an open field , barely missing farmhouses and barns . images of the funnel turned up elsewhere on social media . multiple tornadoes ripped through the rural midwest on thursday . a large and dangerous twister tore across fields in iowa . and a twister touched down 70 miles outside of st. louis . eight tornadoes were reported wednesday in oklahoma , kansas and missouri , the storm prediction center said . but it appears residents have been fortunate enough to come away from the terrifying weather spectacle alive . hail stones the size of tennis balls plummeted down on ashton , illinois . it could have been worse as severe tornado damage dotted a path not far from the dense populations of chicago and rockford -- the state 's third largest city . the tornado cut a 22-mile path through ogle county , according to disaster management coordinator tom richter . north of rochelle , a tornado took away a local favorite restaurant -- grubsteakers . `` it 's kind of one of your little greasy spoon restaurants , '' said eric widick , who drove up in his truck to help out . `` we 're a community . if one person is in need , we 'll all be there for them . '' people were inside when the storm quashed grubsteakers and turned over a semitruck parked outside . no one was killed or seriously injured , widick said . although a patron who found shelter in a restroom was trapped inside for about half an hour . people had been eating at grubsteakers for some 25 years and will miss it , widick said . in rochelle , the tornado flattened some of olson 's friends ' homes . a safe distance away from it , at her mother 's house , she had to think about her husband , chet , who was reelected mayor of the town of about 10,000 people the day before . he 'd have a job ahead of him . `` i have not been able to get a hold of him , olson said , `` but i know he 's in touch with the sheriff and is safe , '' she said . sheriff brian vanvickle told journalists late thursday that the tornado had spared life and limb in ogle county aside from some people whose injuries were easily treatable . the county lost 20 homes -- one of them was his own . fifty to 100 houses had significant damage , he said . only foundations remained of some homes , said storm chaser dan gottschalk . `` you can hear the hissing everywhere from where the structures used to be , '' he said . lindsey clark , a reporter from cnn affiliate wrex , said rescuers were pulling trapped people from a home in the rochelle area . vanvickle was newly elected sheriff of rochelle on wednesday . on thursday , the storm took his house and his sister-in-law 's . `` i 've got the clothes on my back , '' he said . but his family was n't at home when it hit . `` my family was on the way to louisville , dog was in the basement and she survived . '' it was the first tornado the sheriff had ever seen in his county . `` i 've lived here all my life , am the fifth generation in the county . my mom said this is the first time she 's ever seen a tornado . '' he is thankful that the national weather service warned one could come . that saved lives , he believes . the service warned of a `` particularly dangerous situation . '' people across the midwest should be on alert for severe weather . tornado watches were set to run out early friday . cnn 's anneclaire stapleton , catherine shoichet , greg botelho , dave alsup , steve almasy , jack maddox and sean morris contributed to this report .