tripoli , libya ( cnn ) smugglers lure arab and african migrants by offering discounts to get onto overcrowded ships if people bring more potential passengers , a cnn investigation has revealed . a smuggler in the libyan capital of tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees , during a conversation that a cnn producer secretly filmed . the conversation , recorded using a mobile phone , exposes the prices and incentives used to gather as many migrants as possible onto ships . an estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous mediterranean crossing , but still more wait to try to reach europe . cnn 's producer was introduced to a senegalese and malian smuggler by an intermediary in tripoli , who mistakenly thought she was a syrian looking to bring other syrian refugees with her onto boats to italy . why i fled : migrants share their stories . the smuggler took her to an unfinished building on the outskirts of tripoli near the city 's many ports , where the migrants they have already found are kept until the crossing is ready . the building could only be reached by walking down a trash-littered alleyway , and featured a series of packed rooms , separated by curtains , where dozens sat -- well over the 80 migrants she was promised would be in her boat . the smuggler explained that the `` final price '' for syrians -- often thought to be richer than their african migrant counterparts -- was $ 1,000 . he added that for each syrian she brought with her , the producer would get a $ 100 discount . so if she brought 10 , she could travel free . he explained how the `` discount '' was `` well known , '' suggesting perhaps it was part of the unwritten rules that govern the trade and why so many migrants come to each boat . any fears about the crossing were supposed to be allayed by the smuggler insisting the boats they used had new motors , and that the senegalese pilot would have a satellite telephone and gps to assist the crossing . he also assured cnn 's producer , when asked , that if the people became too many , they would use two boats . pregnant women among migrants trying to cross .