( cnn ) the fbi has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists , the malaysian bomb maker known as marwan , was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the philippines in january . marwan , whose real name is zulkifli bin hir , was believed by the fbi to a member of southeast asian terror group jemaah islamiyah 's central command . the fbi said in february that a dna sample -- understood to be from a severed finger -- taken from a man killed in a raid in the southern philippines showed a link with a known relative of marwan . but the fbi now says tests have confirmed that the dead man was the wanted islamic extremist . `` after a thorough review of forensic data and information obtained from our philippine law enforcement partners , the fbi has assessed that terrorism subject , zulkifli abdhir ... is deceased and has been removed from the fbi 's list of most wanted terrorists , '' david bowdich , assistant director in charge of the fbi 's los angeles field office , told cnn in a statement . the fbi had been offering a $ 5 million reward for information leading to marwan 's capture in the wake of his 2007 indictment on terror charges in a california court . it accused him of being a supplier of ieds to terrorist organizations , and having conducted bomb making training for terror groups , including the philippines-based abu sayyaf . marwan had previously been falsely reported dead after a raid by philippine security forces in 2012 . the philippines has been fighting an insurgency in the predominantly muslim south for years , and last year signed a peace agreement with the moro islamic liberation front ( milf ) , the largest rebel group in the region . but in january it launched a surprise raid in pursuit of marwan at mamapasono , in the southern province of maguindanao . the mission went disastrously awry . forty-four members of the police 's elite special action force ( saf ) unit were killed in the assault , targeting an area controlled by the bangsamoro islamic freedom fighters ( biff ) -- a hardline splinter group which has rejected the peace deal with the philippines government . according to a report released by the institute for policy analysis of conflict ( ipac ) last month , the biff faction sheltering marwan had sworn allegiance to isis . in the immediate aftermath of the assault , the saf company charged with executing marwan came under fire , before another saf company stationed in nearby milf territory as a `` blocking force '' became engaged in an eight-hour firefight with milf fighters . according to the ipac report , the saf `` blocking '' company eventually ran out of ammunition and only one of their number survived , eighteen milf fighters were killed and a number of biff fighters may also died . the clash shattered a three-year ceasefire with the milf , authorities said . a national day of mourning was declared as the men were laid to rest . bowdich expressed the fbi 's `` sincere condolences to the brave officers of the special action force who lost their lives while attempting to apprehend this dangerous fugitive . '' while an saf superintendent said at a eulogy for the fallen commandos that their sacrifice had been worth it , controversy has dogged the botched mission in the philippines . the ipac report argued that the `` single-minded focus '' of authorities on killing marwan has threatened the peace agreement with the milf , which is yet to cross the final hurdle of being passed into law by the philippines congress . `` the best chance the southern philippines has ever had for peace may now be in jeopardy , '' read the report , which argued that the mamapasano fiasco was the result of a misguided emphasis on killing marwan . the report argued that , although marwan had aided terror attacks and provided funds and equipment to milf and abu sayyaf , he was not `` the master bomber that his reputation suggested . '' yet for the philippines authorities and their u.s. allies , killing marwan had become such a priority that security forces bypassed the mechanisms that had been established to alert the milf to such operations , for fear of word leaking to their target . the report quoted an anonymous indonesian associate of marwan 's who described the malaysian as `` a little snake who has been blown up into a dragon . '' read more : dozens of philippine police killed in raid on ' high value ' bomb makers . read more : philippines honors 44 slain commandos with day of mourning . cnn 's arlene samson-espiritu and kathy quiano contributed to this report .