( cnn ) buckle up for another mercedes battle in the formula one world championship . lewis hamilton took victory for the silver arrows at the chinese grand prix -- only for his teammate nico rosberg to later claim he had ruined his race by driving slowly . the reigning world champion captured his 35th grand prix win with a peerless pole-to-flag win under shanghai 's sunny skies . `` it was great to have a smooth weekend , '' the british racer said before spraying the champagne on the podium . `` the team have done a fantastic job to up our pace and improve after our last race where we struggled a bit . '' f1 championship standings . hamilton had lost the malaysia grand prix in a strategic battle with the ferrari of sebastian vettel but it was business as usual in shanghai . rosberg came home second for mercedes to snuff out the threat from the chasing italian racers and renew his rivalry with hamilton . `` it was an important comeback for the team , '' said the 2014 championship runner-up . ferrari continued to put pressure on the world champion team with vettel finishing third to collect his third straight podium of 2015 . `` we just wanted to bring the podium back home , '' said vettel , a four-time world champion with red bull racing . `` it 's been three out of three so far so it feels pretty good . i feel happy in the team and hopefully we can get a little bit closer to challenge these guys . '' vettel is just 13 points behind hamilton in the world championship and four points ahead of rosberg , after the first three races of the year . rosberg unhappy . it was a disheartening weekend for rosberg -- the son of 1982 world champion keke -- and he allowed his frustrations to spill over for the first time this season . on saturday , hamilton beat him to pole position by just 0.042 seconds and rosberg complained to his engineers on the pit to car radio : `` oh , come on guys ! '' then the german insisted his race was hampered when he found himself sandwiched between race leader hamilton and vettel , both of whom had stopped for fresh tyres a few laps earlier . `` lewis is driving very slowly . tell him to speed up , '' rosberg told the mercedes pit wall . mercedes then instructed hamilton on the team radio : `` ok lewis we 'd like to pick the pace up a little bit . '' rosberg complained after the race that hamilton 's lackadaisical sunday driving was holding him up , pushing him back into vettel 's thrall and taking life out of his tyres . `` it 's interesting to hear from you lewis about your pace up front , '' rosberg said in the post-race media conference . `` that was compromising my race . driving slowly , that was unnecessary , and meant sebastian was closer to me . `` it cost me a lot of time ... i 'm unhappy about that of course . '' hamilton responded : `` it 's not my job to look after nico 's race . it 's my job to bring the car home . `` i did n't do anything intentionally to slow the cars down . if nico had wanted to get by he could have tried , but he did n't . '' bahrain . hamilton has won two grands prix in 2015 while rosberg has yet to climb onto the top step of the podium . if the german is to repeat his thrilling 2014 world title challenge , which went down to the final race in abu dhabi , he will need to turn things around soon . rosberg has the chance to exorcise his frustrations on track at the bahrain grand prix in just seven day 's time . ferrari will hope the hot track temperatures at the desert race will help them topple mercedes again , as they did on sepang 's sizzling circuit . the italian team have the horsepower . vettel finished less than three seconds behind hamilton in china with ferrari teammate kimi raikkonen fourth . there was also a small feat further down the field as former ferrari race winner fernando alonso finished his first race for the mclaren honda partnership with 12th place in china . the spanish double world champion missed the australian grand prix because of a head injury sustained in testing and then retired in malaysia .