kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) it is an unimaginably hideous outcome . to be raped by your cousin 's husband ; be jailed for adultery as your attacker was married ; to suffer the ignominy of global uproar about your jailing and assault , but be pardoned by presidential decree ; and then to endure the shame and rejection from a conservative society that somehow held you to blame . the solution in this society ? marry your attacker . that 's what happened to gulnaz , who was barely 16 when she was raped . she 's now carrying the third child of her attacker , asadullah , who was convicted and jailed -- though this was then reduced . gulnaz 's plight -- like so much in beleaguered afghanistan -- disappeared from the world 's gaze once she was pardoned and released courtesy of a presidential pardon . instead of a new start , what followed for gulnaz was a quiet , afghan solution to the `` problem '' -- a telling sign of where women 's rights stand in afghanistan despite the billions that have poured into this country from the u.s. government and its nato allies during more than a decade of war . we found gulnaz in her family home . smile , the name of the daughter born of the rape , is now a shining little girl , bouncing around the house that her mother shares with asadullah 's first wife -- who is also gulnaz 's cousin . asadullah agreed to let us speak with him and gulnaz because , it seemed , he wanted to show us that things were now settled , that under afghanistan 's version of social morality he had done the right thing . he had rescued gulnaz from shame . `` if i had n't married her , ( but ) according to our traditions , she could n't have lived back in society , '' he tells us . `` her brothers did n't want to accept her back . now , she does n't have any of those problems . '' 2011 : thousands sign petition for gulaz release . gulnaz remains subdued throughout our meeting and does not once look her husband in the eye . `` i did n't want to ruin the life of my daughter or leave myself helpless so i agreed to marry him , '' she says . `` we are traditional people . when we get a bad name , we prefer death to living with that name in society . '' as smile attempts to pour tea , the other seven children in this household run around the courtyard . the first wife remains unseen in the house . a portrait of gulnaz 's liberator in 2011 , the then-president hamid karzai , hangs on the wall . but the sense of order here is undermined by the fact that this is a house built around a crime . how gulnaz ended up here requires some explanation . there was pressure upon her to marry her attacker after her release . but at the same time , other activists were trying to assist her with an asylum bid abroad . `` unfortunately , gulnaz was heavily pressured to marry her attacker by various people within the government which , in and of itself , was immensely disappointing , '' her former attorney , an american citizen named kimberley motley , tells us . `` gulnaz was constantly told that neither she nor her daughter would be protected if she did not succumb to their pressure to marry ... gulnaz essentially became a prisoner of her environment . `` as an uneducated , young , single mother with no family support , it would have been an uphill battle for gulnaz and her daughter . '' local pressure won out . she was introduced to her attacker in the shelter where cnn first interviewed her upon release from prison . they talked and it was agreed she would marry him . most disturbingly , the woman who -- despite knowing the stigma it would create around her -- defiantly insisted she had been raped when we spoke nearly four years ago , now says she was told by her relatives to make up the allegations . `` now she is beside me and knows that it was not as big as they had shown it , '' says asadullah . `` no i am not thinking about it anymore , '' gulnaz adds . `` i do n't have a problem with him now and i do n't want to think about the past problems . my life is ok ... i am happy with my life ... it is going on . '' she is then permitted to talk with us alone . asadullah moves away but stands close to the door of the room . though she now maintains she was not raped , she explains her decision . she contradicts her husband , saying her brothers would have taken her back , had she not married him . `` my brothers opposed the marriage and told me to take my daughter and go to pakistan to live with them instead , '' she says . `` but now we 're married , they disowned me and wo n't see me again . '' her decision was for her daughter . `` no , i could n't fulfill my wishes in life . i married this man ; i cut relations with my family only to buy my daughter 's future . '' it is truly chilling to see how things have gone for gulnaz after the level of international attention her story received -- pregnant with the third child of the man who was once her rapist , accepting a life as his second wife , trapped in his home .