new york ( cnn ) new york state authorities have issued a health alert following a dramatic spike in hospital visits for synthetic marijuana-related emergencies . gov . andrew cuomo said friday that more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals across the state for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid , known as `` spice '' or `` k2 . '' `` spice '' and other similar synthetic drugs are often marketed as legal plant material coated with chemicals that are supposed to mimic the effects of marijuana , according to a statement from the governor 's office . `` since the exact compounds contained in synthetic cannabinoid products change so frequently , it 's often impossible for users to know exactly what they are putting in their body , '' acting new york state health commissioner dr. howard zucker said . symptoms after use have a wide range of severity , from confusion , drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate , seizures and loss of consciousness , according to the new york state department of health . synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products to `` mask its true purpose , '' the health department statement said . `` young people may be fooled into thinking that these substances are safe because they are sold over the counter or are in colorful packaging , but they are not made for human consumption , '' new york alcohol and substance abuse service s commissioner arlene gonzalez sanchez said . `` they are dangerous and can have significant , long-term effects on the brain . '' the recent surge is not isolated in new york ; other states across the country have noticed similar trends . alabama department of public health issued a statement last week acknowledging a rise of synthetic marijuana usage and said there had been 98 overdoses suspected to be linked with `` spice '' in the previous month . mobile county alone has seen seven cases in 2015 so far , more than the entire previous year , the statement said . mississippi health officials are also concerned that synthetic marijuana is on the rise . ninety-seven cases over an eight-day span in april were reported to the mississippi poison control center , a department of health press release said .