( cnn ) the arrest and death of freddie gray in baltimore has sparked protests and accusations of police brutality . but it 's unclear how gray , who was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 , suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later . here are the big questions surrounding this controversial case : what we know : gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of baltimore known for drugs . he `` gave up without the use of force , '' baltimore deputy police commissioner jerry rodriguez said last week . an officer apparently took his taser out and was prepared to use it on gray , but he never deployed it , rodriguez said . and none of the six officers involved in the arrest described using force against the 25-year-old . gray was placed inside a police van and was able to talk , said rodriguez , who described gray as upset . `` and when mr. gray was taken out of that van , he could not talk , and he could not breathe , '' according to rodriguez . police have said gray was not buckled in with a seat belt during the ride to a booking center . what we do n't know : it 's unknown what caused the spinal cord injury that led to his death a week after the arrest , and it 's also unknown what , if anything , happened inside the van . what we know : segments of cell phone video shot from two different positions appear to begin after gray has been arrested and show officers dragging gray , who is handcuffed , to a van . he can be heard screaming . `` he was dragged a bit , '' said baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake , `` but then you see him using his legs to get into the van , so he was able-bodied when he was in the van . and we know that when he was finally taken out of the van , he was unresponsive . '' one woman who recorded a video of the arrest said she knew gray . `` when i ran up the street and seen him , the first thing i asked him was he ok because i heard him screaming , '' the woman said . `` he did n't never say yes or no , he just said ' i ca n't breathe ' and just was yelling . '' surveillance video recorded him conscious and talking , police said . that was at 8:54 a.m . at 9:24 a.m. , police called an ambulance for gray . police say gray requested medical attention , including an inhaler , and an ambulance later took him to the university of maryland medical center 's shock trauma center . rawlings-blake and deputy police commissioner kevin davis have said the arresting officers should have asked for medical attention immediately after gray asked for it . what we do n't know : it 's unknown why gray screamed , and the cell phone video does n't capture the entire incident , start to end . and it 's unclear why police did n't call for an ambulance sooner . what we know : in the wake of gray 's death , six police officers were suspended . their names were released last week . the suspensions are standard procedure after an `` in-custody death , '' said baltimore police department spokesman capt . eric kowalczyk . it does n't mean the officers did anything wrong or that they were the only officers involved , he said . they are : lt. brian rice , 41 , who joined the department in 1997 ; officer caesar goodson , 45 , who joined in 1999 ; sgt . alicia white , 30 , who joined in 2010 ; officer william porter , 25 , who joined in 2012 ; officer garrett miller , 26 , who joined in 2012 ; and officer edward nero , 29 , who joined in 2012 . three of the six responding officers were on bicycles when they initially approached gray , according to kowalczyk . another officer joined the arrest after it was initiated , while one more drove the police van , the police spokesman said . what we do n't know : the officers say they did n't use force against gray , but that 's not certain . in fact , details about what each of the officers specifically did have not been released . what we know : according to court documents cnn obtained , there were more than 20 criminal court cases in maryland against gray , and five of those cases were still active at the time of his death . the cases involve mostly drug-related charges , but there are charges from march for second-degree assault and destruction of property . gray was due in court on a possession charge on april 24 . he had been in and out of prison since 2009 for various drug cases , according to maryland department of corrections spokesman gerard shields . in february 2009 , he was sentenced to four years in prison for two counts of drug possession with intent to deliver . shields said he could not determine from records what kind of drug was involved . gray was paroled on june 30 , 2011 . on april 4 , 2012 , gray was arrested for violating parole but he did n't go back to prison , shields said , reasoning that whatever gray allegedly did , it `` was something minor . '' gray did return to prison in may 2013 for drug possession , serving a month behind bars before his release in june . what we do n't know : it 's not known whether gray 's criminal past had anything to do with his arrest , or his death . what we know : protesters have taken to the streets of baltimore daily since two days after gray 's death , rallying around his family . on the first night , they marched to a local police station chanting `` no justice ! no peace ! '' on another occasion they marched to city hall . the demonstrations have been peaceful on most nights , but on monday rioters damaged buildings and destroyed police vehicles . looters stole goods from several stores . some groups of people intervened , keeping additional looters out of trashed businesses . the demonstrators are pushing to get answers about gray 's death and for `` justice , '' as they define it . similar protests were held in ferguson , missouri , following michael brown 's death and in new york , after the death of eric garner . other small protests have sprung up in other cities in the past week . `` mr. gray 's family deserves justice , '' rawlings-blake told cnn 's anderson cooper last week . `` and our community deserves an opportunity to heal , to get better , and to make sure that something like this does n't happen again . the mayor said that any confirmed information will be promptly relayed to the public . `` i want people to understand that i have no interest in hiding information , holding back information , '' rawlings-blake said . some protesters have called for the officers to be arrested and charged . one organizer called for police commissioner anthony batts to resign . what we do n't know : there 's no guarantee protesters will get the kind of definitive answers they want about how and why gray died . what we know : baltimore police are looking into gray 's death and are expected to have a report for prosecutors by friday . the probe , like the suspensions of the six police officers , is standard whenever someone dies while in custody . the police 's findings will go to the state 's attorney 's office , where prosecutors will decide whether charges should be filed . batts said recently that a medical examiner had some initial findings , but needed to get back the results of toxicology reports , which could take weeks . rawlings-blake asked for an outside investigation , given the city 's dark history of police misconduct . the u.s. justice department , which announced a collaborative reform initiative with baltimore police in october in light of its past problems , is looking into the gray case , a spokesman said last week . the point of that federal investigation will be to gauge whether a prosecutable civil rights violation may have occurred . what we do n't know : what information that investigators , both local and federal , will turn up and when . it is also unclear if the medical examiner called in spinal experts to view the evidence , a possibility batts raised at a news conference . what we know : court documents allege that baltimore police department officer garrett miller arrested gray after finding a switchblade in his pocket . the gray family attorney called the allegation a `` sideshow . '' gray was carrying a `` pocket knife of legal size , '' attorney william murphy told cnn . police never saw the knife and chased gray only after he ran from them , the attorney said . the court documents also say that gray `` fled unprovoked upon noticing police presence . '' `` the officer noticed a knife clipped to the inside of his front right pants pocket . the defendant was arrested without force or incident , '' the documents say . `` the knife was recovered by this officer and found to be a spring-assisted , one-hand-operated knife . '' maryland law makes it illegal to `` wear or carry a dangerous weapon of any kind '' -- including switchblades -- `` concealed on or about the person . '' what we do n't know : it 's not clear that simply having a knife is a crime , said rawlings-blake . `` it is not necessarily probable cause to chase someone . so , we still have questions , '' she said . cnn 's anneclaire stapleton , stephanie gallman , eliott c. mclaughlin , dana ford and ben brumfield contributed to this report .