kano , nigeria ( cnn ) an explosion late thursday outside a bus station in the northeast nigerian city of gombe ‎killed at least five people and injured more than a dozen others , witnesses said . the explosion outside the bauchi motor park‎ happened around 8:30 p.m. after a woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers . the bus was heading to the central nigerian city of jos , 125 kilometers away . `` there has been an explosion just outside the motor park and five people have been killed while more than 12 others have been seriously injured , '' said adamu saidu , an employee at the bus station . `` some of the injured have had their limbs blown off‎ and one of them has had his eye gouged out , '' said saidu , who was involved in the evacuation of the victims to a hospital . the woman pretended to be going to jos and lingered around the bus , which was ‎waiting to fill up with passengers , according to falalu tasiu , a grocer near the bus station . `` the woman kept talking on the phone and dropped her bag beside the bus , pretending to be waiting for the bus to fill up , '' tasiu said . `` she moved towards shops overlooking the bus station as if she was going to buy something and disappeared . moments later the bag exploded and set the bus on fire , killing five people and inujuring around 15 others , '' tasiu said . although no one has claimed responsibility for the attack , boko haram islamists have repeatedly carried out suicide and bombing attacks on bus stations and markets in gombe and other northern cities , making the group the main suspect . boko haram has in recent months been under sustained pressure from sweeping offensives from a four-nation regional alliance of nigeria , chad , niger and cameroon . the regional offensives have considerably weakened boko haram 's capabilities , which has prompted the islamists to resort to attacks on soft targets such as bus stations , markets and schools . the explosion was the first attack since nigeria held its presidential election at the weekend , which was won by opposition candidate muhammadu buhari , who vowed to crush boko haram when he assumes office in late may .