( cnn ) what would you do if a complete stranger asked you for $ 100 , or offered you an apple in a parking lot without explanation ? these are only two of the 100 challenges chinese-born , american-based jia jiang put himself up to when he decided to blog about `` 100 days of rejection '' , a project he launched after he quit his comfortable six-figure job to follow his dreams of being an entrepreneur at the age of 30 , just weeks before his first child was born . after his tech start-up was declined investment , jiang decided to confront his fear of rejection head-on . this led to his writing his book called rejection proof , part self-help and part motivational/autobiography , which is being released this week . famously , in 2012 on his third day of the project , jiang asked austin , texas , krispy kreme manager ( jackie braun ) to make him five interlinked donuts to mimic the olympic symbol . to his surprise , she rose to the challenge and his rejection request faltered . he shared his video and it went viral on reddit . before long , jiang ( and braun ) were invited on talk shows and jiang was being asked to speak at events across the us . jiang was even offered jobs as his project continued and his fame grew . that was n't the goal of the project though . `` i 'm really just a person trying to overcome my own fears , '' explained jiang . the project started out to help `` fix my own problems , and now i 'm helping others fix theirs , '' he said . `` the fear of rejection really holds people back . i 'm trying to demystify the idea of rejection . '' jiang , who as a child dreamed of being bill gates and has been viewed 7 million times on youtube , has found his entrepreneurial dream in a different role for the moment . `` my goal is to turn rejection into opportunity . i always thought it was something to run away from , but if we can embrace it , we can turn it into a lot more than an obstacle . '' 8 top tips in making rejection work for you : 1 - the fear of rejection holds us back a lot more than actual rejection . by putting ourselves out there , the world will usually open itself up to you . though the world can seem cruel and cold , actually humans have a hard time saying no . so open yourself up , do n't be afraid to ask for something . if you fail , remember it 's not about you . 2 - rejection is more or less a numbers game . sometimes the most far-fetched idea gets a yes . if you talk to enough people , somebody will say yes to you . j.k. rowling went through 12 rejections to get her yes for harry potter and the philosopher 's stone . 3 - you can not use rejection to measure the merit of an idea . sometimes if you really want to change the world , getting rejection is a must . rejection is a human interaction with two sides . it often says more about the rejector than the rejectee , and should never be used as the universal truth and sole judgment of merit . 4 - do n't run away after a no . the most common thing we do when we 're rejected is we want to run because rejection is painful - you 're hurt , angry and you lose confidence . but actually if we know how to handle it , we can often minimize the chance of rejection . be confident , engaging , collaborate . i used all of these traits to maximise getting a yes . 5 - ask why ? when you get rejected you have to find out why . then spend time to find solutions to solve that why . sometimes through this process you learn there is something else you can ask for . ask for an intermediate position rather than the top position . 6 - set a number of how many no 's you can take . in his book , jiang helps his wife set out to get her dream job at google . he tells her that instead of thinking about getting a job , she needs to prepare herself for how many no 's she can take . in the end , she was offered a job at google . 7 - be invincible . by the end of his project , jiang said he felt he could ask anything from anyone and not have the pain of rejection . it was a gradual process - gradually my comfort zone expanded . it 's like a muscle , i could become stronger and stronger . 8 - stand tall and remember rejection is an opinion . people are who they are . a lot of people will reject you because of their mood , their education , their upbringing , and you ca n't change who they are . but you can stand confidently . innate confidence comes across . how missing sleep can damage your iq . the surprising benefits of doing nothing . 7 habits of highly ineffective people .