seoul , south korea ( cnn ) the man accused of stabbing u.s . ambassador mark lippert in seoul last month is now charged with attempted murder , a south korean court official said wednesday . kim ki-jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction , the seoul central district court official said . according to south korean law , kim 's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today 's indictment . lippert was stabbed march 5 during an event organized by the korean council for reconciliation and cooperation , which advocates peaceful reunification between north and south korea . shortly before lippert was supposed to give a speech , the attacker slashed him in the face and jaw . the ambassador suffered a gash from his right cheekbone to his lower jaw that required 80 stitches . that wound measured 10 centimeters ( 4 inches ) long and 2.5 centimeters ( 1 inch ) deep , but there was no serious facial nerve damage , said dr. jung nam-shik of the yonsei severance hospital . lippert also suffered five cuts in his left arm and hand , but was not expected to have permanent damage to his arm function . police said kim stabbed lippert with a 10-inch knife because he opposed the joint south korean-u.s. military drills , which happen every year and frequently draw the ire of north korea . police official yoon myeong-seong told reporters that kim had visited north korea seven times between 1999 and 2007 , and that authorities were investigating a possible connection between his visits to the reclusive state and the attack against lippert . kim , 55 , has a history of unpredictable behavior . in 2010 , he received a suspended two-year prison sentence for throwing a piece of concrete at a japanese ambassador to south korea , according to the yonhap news agency . south korean president park geun-hye condemned the attack . `` this incident is not only a physical attack on the u.s. ambassador , '' she said , `` but an attack on the south korea-u.s. alliance and it can never be tolerated . '' cnn 's madison park and greg botelho contributed to this report .