( cnn ) hillary clinton finally answered the question we 've all been asking for years : will she run for president in 2016 ? with official news of her candidacy just hours old , one thing is already crystal clear : for the next year and a half , clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the united states . win or lose , this creates a burden for her that no male candidate will ever have to shoulder . just consider the two potential outcomes . a win would mean a woman in the white house , which is a vital step in the march toward women 's full political inclusion . but it 's possible that the march will end right there . we 'll break our arms patting ourselves on the back for how far we 've come . we 'll raise the `` mission accomplished '' banner over the women 's movement . and we 'll call it a day . granted , 80 % of elected officials throughout the country will still be men . women will continue to be less likely than men even to consider running for office . and pay inequities , sexual assault and human trafficking will persist as challenges that no one person can solve , no matter how hard clinton might try . `` but we 've elected a woman as president , '' we 'll say . let her take care of it . a loss would be even more difficult . clinton will be blamed for running a subpar campaign regardless of how brilliant her strategy is . more generally , her loss would perpetuate the myth that women can not win big elections , that the electoral environment is rife with bias and discrimination , and that women must be twice as good to get half as far . `` if hillary clinton ca n't win an election , '' potential female candidates will ask , `` how can i ? '' extrapolating from one female candidate 's experiences to women in politics more broadly is always suspect . but in the case of clinton , it is particularly flawed for at least two fundamental reasons . first , clinton is no ordinary female presidential candidate , if there is such a thing . she began the 2008 race with levels of name recognition that many candidates never achieve , and she is even more well-known today . but that means that she also enters the electoral arena with 23 years of public accomplishments and 23 years of well-publicized baggage . voters , donors , journalists and pundits all hold clear impressions of clinton before she ever eats a corn dog in iowa , steps onto a debate stage in new hampshire or takes a shot of bourbon in kentucky . too often , we treat clinton 's loss to barack obama in the 2008 democratic primary as a referendum on how citizens feel about electing women to positions of political power . in reality , what people knew about hillary clinton likely shaped their views of hillary clinton . widespread sexism and misogyny likely did not . after all , for decades , women who have run for office have performed just as well as men . they win elections at equal rates and routinely raise comparable amounts of money . do some voters still question women 's suitability as leaders ? of course they do . but these attitudes , which have become increasingly rare , do not translate into systematic biases against female candidates . second , presidential politics is , first and foremost , a partisan affair . the d or r in front of the candidates ' names -- not the x or y chromosomes in their dna -- tells us about how more than 90 % of the population will vote . party polarization has essentially rendered the importance of sex on the campaign trail far less relevant than might otherwise be the case . now , i 'll be the first to predict that by the middle of the week , we will be able to assemble a reel of sexist comments uttered by pundits , and we will be one mouse click away from a steady stream of misogynistic memes , photos and captions that have taken hold on social media . the clinton campaign will once again have to determine which incidents to address , which to ignore and how to preempt future episodes . i do n't want to diminish the problems associated with this type of behavior or the fact that it is inappropriate , disrespectful and appalling . and incorporating these concerns into a broad campaign strategy is likely something that male candidates wo n't need to consider . but men yelling `` iron my shirt '' at a campaign rally , cable news pundits associating clinton with their ex-wives outside of probate court and manufacturers producing hillary clinton nutcrackers do not change the fact that when it comes to presidential elections , partisanship and the state of the economy tell us almost everything we need to know . if clinton wins the race , it will be because it was a good year for democrats . and if she loses , it will be because the gop developed a winning message . but how much does any of this really matter ? sure , voters are amenable to electing women . any democratic nominee would face the same electoral landscape . the problems confronting women in society are just as grave regardless of who occupies the white house . and inferring too much from hillary clinton 's experiences is a risky endeavor . yet the minute clinton announced her candidacy , she became the official litmus test for true gender equality in the united states . that 's a label that no female candidate should have to wear . let the burden begin .