havana , cuba ( cnn ) charlie hill sits in a dark bar on a blindingly sunny havana day . `` hey man , '' he says with a smoker 's rasp and a nod that indicates he knows you have been looking for him . but then a lot of people have been looking for charlie hill for a long time . for 43 years cuba has provided refuge for hill from facing charges that he killed a new mexico police officer and hijacked an airliner to havana . hill , now 65 , decided to give cnn an interview after we 'd spent two years trying to reach him . he wants to discuss how for the first time he is considering leaving his safe haven and returning to the united states . before talking more , hill finishes his plastic glass of beer and takes a final draw on his stub of a cigarette . we step out into the sunlight and go to a park where hill starts to give his reasons why he may soon end his long run from the law . `` i miss my country , '' he said , his voice cracking . `` i miss my family . i would like to go back and see where my grandparents were born , where i was born , where i went to junior high . eat some blackberry pie . even go to mcdonald 's . that 's only natural . '' hill was a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary . but he craves the kind of french fries that only capitalism can make . after five decades of cold war-era mistrust , the united states and cuba are working to re-establish full diplomatic ties , but cases like hill 's present an obstacle to an improved relationship . new mexico , where hill 's case has been open for decades , followed up on the shift in policy from the obama administration with gov . susana martinez asking washington to pursue hill 's extradition . critics of the new opening to cuba say havana 's harboring of fugitives like charlie hill is enough of a reason to maintain a hard line against the government of raul castro and keep cuba on the state department list of countries that support terrorism . state dept . recommends removing cuba from terrorism list . hill , now 65 , may extradite himself first , saying the warming of relations between the united states and cuba could mean an end to what he calls his `` exile '' on the communist-run , caribbean island , even if his return brings jail time . new mexico police chief pete kassetas said he welcomed the news of hill 's possible surrender . `` i understand that the social environment was very different in 1971 than it is today . i encourage him to return to face the charges against him on the state level and on the federal level and end his self-imposed exile in cuba . '' charlie hill 's journey began on november 8 , 1971 , when he and two other men -- michael finney and ralph goodwin -- were pulled over on i-40 outside albuquerque , new mexico , in the middle of a cross-country drive . all three men were members of the republic of new afrika , a black power militant group that sought to break off louisiana , mississippi , alabama , georgia and south carolina into a separate nation for african-americans . they were on the way from california to the south with a car loaded with weapons to support the cause . new mexico state police officer robert rosenbloom pulled over their rented ford galaxie sedan , on suspicion that the car was stolen , said kassetas . at 10:41 p.m. , rosenbloom called in the california license plate of the militants ' car , according to the new mexico law enforcement memorial . fourteen minutes later the dispatcher radioed rosenbloom back but was unable to reach him . a police officer arriving at the scene found rosenbloom 's body lying face down on the road , kassetas said . there was a single bullet wound to his throat . rosenbloom gripped his flashlight with one hand and his gun with the other , according to the records of the new mexico law enforcement memorial . the sedan was found the next day abandoned with three military rifles , a 12-gauge shotgun , `` revolutionary literature , '' bomb-making materials and hundreds of rounds of ammunition . hill copped to riding in the sedan that rosenbloom pulled over but refused to say who shot the policeman . `` i am not a cop killer . i am a freedom fighter , '' hill said . `` i am a vietnam vet and people never ask me if i killed vietnamese because that was authorized by the american government . i dedicated myself to liberating my people . '' for 19 days , hill said , the men hid out in the new mexico desert , working on an escape plan as 250 law enforcement officers closed in . `` we had to go into exile so we hijacked a plane , '' hill said . the three men , kassetas said , commandeered a tow truck at gunpoint , crashed through a fence onto the runway of albuquerque international airport and ran up the gangway to twa flight 106 . elizabeth walthall was a flight attendant aboard the boeing 727 when the fugitives stormed aboard . `` they were dirty and stunk from hiding out in the hills , '' she told cnn from her home in north carolina . walthall , now 72 , said charlie hill put a blade to her throat . `` he told me to do what he said because ' this is no butter knife . ' i told him , ' well , i am no piece of bread . ' '' hill laughed , she said , and lowered the knife . hijacker michael finney glowered and pointed a pistol at the flight attendants , walthall said , a tremor of fear audible in her voice , as if the hijacking had just happened . `` finney said he would shoot us and that he had already killed a man , '' walthall said . the hijackers ordered the crew to fly to africa . informed the plane could n't fly that far , they changed their destination . take us to cuba , they told the pilot . the trio knew cuba would most likely let them stay . after seizing power in 1959 , fidel castro blasted washington for failing to send back the batista regime officials who streamed to miami to escape castro 's revolutionary tribunals , effectively ending the extradition agreement between the two countries . a rash of airplane hijackings to the island soon followed . cuba became popular with leftist revolutionaries as well as common criminals seeking a country beyond the reach of u.s. law enforcement . `` if anything went down , you went to cuba , '' hill said . en route to havana , flight attendant walthall said she served the men bottles of michelob beer . when they finished , she saved the bottles in airsickness bags so u.s. law enforcement later would have their fingerprints . after landing , walthall said she last saw charlie hill and the other hijackers as cuban soldiers escorted them off the plane . years later , the flight attendant said she experienced flashbacks of the hijacking and sometimes prayed for hill . `` i think he is a lost soul , '' she said . revolutionary cuba soon disappointed hill . cuban officials denied his request for military training to fight with revolutionary groups in africa . instead he was put to work cutting sugar cane , doing construction and administrating a clothing store . one of the many menial jobs he worked , he said , put him under the supervision of ramón castro , fidel castro 's older brother . `` he has a big beard and looks just like fidel , '' hill remembered . `` he was good to us , made sure we were always well fed . '' in 1996 , then-new mexico rep. bill richardson traveled to cuba to discuss hill 's extradition with fidel castro . `` i talked to fidel and he said , ' no way , under no circumstances would he turn them over , that they were legitimate fugitives , '' richardson told cnn . `` i got a very strong signal not only would i not be allowed to bring back charlie hill but i would n't even be allowed to talk to him . '' hill is now the last living member of the trio of hijackers . u.s. officials said that ralph goodwin drowned in 1973 and michael finney succumbed to throat cancer in 2005 . married and divorced twice in cuba , hill has two children on the island and he worries about leaving them if he were to return to the united states . but hill said he wants to visit his daughter , who was 6 years old when he left , and who he has n't seen since . he dreams of meeting the five grandchildren he has in united states . he 's gone as far as hiring a new mexico attorney , in case he decides to negotiate a surrender . his cuban government pension is a meager $ 10 a month , he said . not nearly enough to support him or even buy toys for his 8-year-old cuban son . hill said he became a babalao , or santeria priest , but still has n't found peace . he admitted he smokes too many unfiltered cuban cigarettes and drinks too much cheap rum . and there 's always the possibility that the cuban government has held onto hill and other u.s. fugitives , simply waiting for the right moment to trade them to the united states . he said he is fine with that fate . `` they took me in , '' he said . `` if the cuban government feels me going is for the benefit of 12 million people , that 's my sacrifice . i do n't worry about that . '' as the interview ends , hill lights another cigarette . a group of americans touring havana in a 1950 's classic car pull up to the park . they have no idea they are feet away from a wanted fugitive , but as hill would say , that 's cuba . hill is n't interested in staying in touch . he does n't have a cell phone . too poor , he says . he wo n't say exactly where he lives in havana . he has to be cautious . and as he walks off , once again , he is gone . a side of cuba not often seen .