( cnn ) 38 and home . the kentucky wildcats ' bid for perfection ended saturday night at the hands of the wisconsin badgers , who rallied for a tough 71-64 victory in the ncaa men 's basketball final four at indianapolis . they will meet four-time national champ duke in monday night 's title game . the blue devils dominated michigan state 81-61 in the first contest of the night . national player of the year finalist frank kaminsky led wisconsin with 20 points and 11 rebounds . junior forward sam dekker added 16 points . `` these guys just gutted it out. , '' wisconsin head coach bo ryan said . `` we just kept battling on every possession . '' freshman karl-anthony towns led kentucky with 16 points . sophomore andrew harrison chipped in 13 points while aaron harrison had 12 points . kentucky came into the game as the first men 's team to have a 38-0 record . but the badgers fought back from a 60-56 deficit with 6:39 left in the game . wisconsin went on an 8-0 run to regain a lead it never relinquished . it will be looking to win its first title since 1941 . as the final minutes ticked off , the wildcats failed to score . they were stuck on 60 for five minutes . the harrison twins , who shot well in the first half , could n't get much done offensively . `` i did n't execute . i mean , we did n't execute as a team , but me being the point guard , i did n't do what coach told me to on a couple of occasions , '' andrew harrison said at the postgame news conference . his coach sternly interjected . `` he did fine . he did fine , '' john calipari said . meanwhile , dekker stepped up , making a layup , a three-pointer and a free throw as the badgers scooted ahead . calipari said the badgers did a good job defending the kentucky big men . `` they crowded us a little bit , and ( our ) guys got a little tentative , '' he said . calipari looked at the stat sheet : kentucky had only six turnovers , hit 90 % of its free throws , made 48 % of its field goals , and lost . he said his team struggled to guard wisconsin 's players , and the rebound battle -- which wisconsin won by 12 -- was crucial . kamisky , who turned 22 on saturday , was asked how the badgers outrebounded a team that is the tallest in basketball . `` we stayed into them , attacking them , trying to do whatever we can , '' he said . `` just trying to keep them off the glass was one of our main priorities . '' freshman justise winslow led duke with 19 points while national freshman of the year jahlil okafor had 18 points , 10 of which came in the first half . senior guard quinn cook had 17 . `` the defense was terrific , '' duke head coach mike krzyzewski said . `` we drove the ball with such strength . i actually think our offense gave our defense a push . '' junior guard denzel valentine sparked the spartans with three early three-pointers and finished with 22 points and a game-high 11 rebounds . senior guard travis trice had 16 points . the spartans , of the big ten , began the game in a higher gear than duke , and quickly took an eight-point lead . but after valentine hit his trio of long-range shots and michigan state led 14-6 , the spartans struggled to get baskets the rest of the first half . `` they did a good job of denying us and forcing us out ( farther from the basket ) . we took some bad shots , '' valentine said . duke occasionally used a 2-3 zone defense that protected some of its players with foul concerns and slowed the spartans down . but it was when duke played man-to-man that the spartans really had a hard time scoring . state made five of its first seven shots , then only made three more in the final 16 minutes of the opening half . the blue devils , of the atlantic coast conference , found baskets inside as the 6-foot-11 , 270-pound okafor powered for points around the basket . winslow used his quickness to score seven points in the first half , but he only played 12 minutes because he committed two fouls . duke led at halftime 36-25 , a turnaround of 19 points from its early deficit . `` coach always stresses that great defense leads to great offense , '' cook said . the confidence gained in getting defensive stops led to the desire for duke players to drive the lane instead of shooting three-pointers . `` we saw seams that we could take advantage of , '' cook said . in the second half , duke increased its lead to 20 points , then cruised home . the spartans were never able to cut the deficit to single digits and duke sank its free throws in the final minutes . `` we got beat and ... duke played awfully well , but i thought it was n't one of our better games , '' michigan state head coach tom izzo said . the blue devils apparently like playing in final fours in indianapolis , home of the ncaa . it won titles there in 1991 and 2010 . the other two crowns came in 1992 and 2001 , each in minneapolis . duke has beaten wisconsin this season , 80-70 in wisconsin in december . if duke wins monday night , it would tie indiana and north carolina for third-most ncaa championships with five .