kathmandu , nepal ( cnn ) when the earthquake struck , we huddled under a concrete beam -- and prayed . in another room , my grandfather could not comprehend what was happening and , instead of seeking cover , drifted towards the window . outside , a brown dust-cloud rose from the ruins of cottages that had dotted the next hill . i was at my uncle 's place in ramkot , west kathmandu , some 12 kilometers ( 7.4 miles ) east from my family home . after escaping the building for the safety of open air , my first thought was for news of friends and family . calls did n't go through but thankfully texts and data did . i heard from everyone except my mother . worried sick , i foolishly went into the house for a second time to get my belongings and leave for home . another tremor -- the first of many to aftershocks that have continued to strike an already traumatized city -- shook the house . i took refuge under the same doorway . the journey towards my family home in sifal was a map of quake destruction , with many houses -- old and new -- torn apart . a high wall surrounding a monastery had collapsed and the nuns had run to a nearby field . a mud-and-brick cottage had fallen on a blue motorbike but no trace could be found of its rider . a woman perched on top of rubble tried to reach for a water container from what used to be her kitchen . everywhere , survivors gathered wherever they could find open space -- fields , private compounds , empty roadside lots . in chhauni , an ice cream seller ran double-time with his cart , while his radio relayed the latest . further ahead , a mother and daughter sat down on a pavement so that a grandchild could be fed . across the bishnumati river , uphill towards maru , i ran to get away from the tall houses and made towards the kathmandu durbar area . it was reduced to rubble . a blood donation camp was said to be buried by the same structure that sheltered it . locals were searching for survivors , but progress was slow . the kasthamandap temple had caved in . temples that sat on impressive staircase-style pyramids were now dust . the western façade of the basantapur palace had fallen apart and nothing remained of the remained of the nine-story medieval palace nearby . meanwhile , the curio fleamarket was flooded with people who had made it out of the cramped quarters of jhocchen , indra chowk , new road , and nearby neighborhoods . in putalisadak , i met a cousin who was sitting an entrance exam for a prestigious high school when the quake hit before the allotted time was over . he kept wondering out loud whether he could retake the test . the two of us walked through bagbajar , trying to trace a few acquaintances , and up dillibajar to kamalpokhari . a hawker was selling momos -- a nepalese type of dumpling -- under a seven-story building , while policemen guarded a jailhouse . people gathered mostly in the middle of crossroads , on traffic islands and around metal pulpits , which looked out of range of falling buildings . the aftershocks kept coming . i reached home and found both my parents alive and uninjured . i could n't believe that our 30-year-old house was still standing . as i walked my cousin to where his parents were , we kept hearing rumors : `` more quakes forecast by experts for 5 p.m. and midnight . '' as if to confirm , tremors shook us at six and more would follow at 10 p.m. and midnight , with smaller shocks throughout the night . along the northern boundary of the former royal museum , the wall had collapsed and people had poured out of the uttar dhoka neighborhood onto the palace lawn . green military tents meant for two people were now packed with six and the army was trying hard to accommodate as many as possible . in thamel , an electricity pole had squashed an abandoned taxi . a few men took turns taking photos with the wrecked car . in kantipath , a handful of backpackers were discussing where to make camp . back home , my parents decided against going to the nearby sifal chaur football field where families were sleeping on plastic mattresses under rudimentary tents . instead , their tactic was to stay on the ground floor , be awakened by tremors , and then scamper to a corner of our garden that seemed relatively safe . i did not sleep a wink .