atlanta ( cnn ) federal marshals have arrested scott kelley , a fugitive accused of kidnapping who was featured on cnn 's `` the hunt . '' kelley , 50 , was taken into custody at the atlanta airport wednesday after arriving on a flight from costa rica , deputy u.s . marshal jamie berry said . `` it was time to come home , '' kelley told people magazine about his decision to return to the united states . kelley has been wanted since 2004 , accused of noncustodial kidnapping and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution . his wife , genevieve kelley , who 's charged with the same crimes , turned herself in to authorities last year , just a few months after the case was featured on cnn 's `` the hunt . '' her trial is scheduled to start next month . the couple is accused of leaving new hampshire , kidnapping genevieve kelley 's daughter , mary nunes , and beginning a life on the lam when she was 8 years old . at the time , the child 's father , mark nunes , had full custody rights . the search for the three spanned the united states , canada and central and south america . it ended on monday , when scott kelley and mary nunes entered the u.s. consulate in costa rica and requested passports so they could return to the united states . the consulate notified u.s . marshals , berry said , and when kelley and nunes flew to atlanta on wednesday investigators were waiting for them . mary nunes , now 19 , was interviewed by investigators at the atlanta airport to ensure her health and safety and then allowed to continue to her final destination , berry said . previously , authorities had said her whereabouts were unknown . cnn new hampshire affiliate wmur reported that the daughter plans to testify at her mother 's trial . in a statement released through a private investigator he 's hired in the case , her father said that he was thrilled to learn mary is safe . `` we love mary and are overjoyed that she is alive and back in the us . our hearts and home are open to her , and we will do everything we can to insure she remains safe and healthy , '' mark nunes said in a statement . `` we remain concerned about her emotional and physical well-being . we look forward to the day our family is finally reunited . '' kelley 's attorney did not immediately respond to a request for comment . before allegedly fleeing the country , genevieve kelley had accused her ex-husband of abusing their child . investigators found no basis for the accusations and no charges were filed . on a facebook page defending her , supporters of the mother say she did what any parent would do under the same circumstances . photos on the page show her standing with friends holding signs that say , `` justice for gen ! children need protection . '' wayne rioux , who was then the police chief of whitefield , new hampshire , told `` the hunt '' that a video genevieve and scott kelley made , intended to prove their abuse allegations , aroused his suspicions . rioux watched the tape for `` any evidence of wrongdoing by mark nunes . '' `` but throughout the tape all i saw was this bizarre , strange conduct by the mother , '' rioux said , `` who was absolutely brainwashing the daughter and trying to get the daughter to say things against her daddy . '' attorney alan rosenfeld has argued that genevieve kelley had no other option than running away with her daughter , after a court-appointed guardian and social service agencies had said they did n't believe the abuse allegations . `` simply put , there was no lawful alternative to provide safety for this child , '' he said earlier this year , according to wmur . earlier this year , brazilian police tracked down victor arden barnard , another fugitive who 'd been featured on `` the hunt . '' the 53-year-old american pastor is accused of dozens of sexual assaults in minnesota . last year , the same day genevieve kelley was arrested , authorities in texas announced that in an unrelated case , remains found were confirmed to be those of another fugitive featured on the program , kevin patrick stoeser . stoeser , a u.s. soldier who was dishonorably discharged , pleaded guilty in 2003 to child sexual assault and child pornography charges and was sentenced to 13 years behind bars . remains of shane miller , another suspect featured on the `` the hunt , '' were found last year . and charles mozdir , another suspect who was profiled on the show , was killed in a gunbattle with authorities . cnn 's tricia escobedo and slma shelbayah contributed to this report .