beijing ( cnn ) a day after the chinese government released five young feminists on bail , their families and supporters expressed mixed emotions on the unexpected development . wei tingting , wang man , zheng churan , li tingting and wu rongrong were freed from the haidian detention center on the outskirts of beijing late monday . the five activists on women 's rights -- aged from 25 to 32 -- were picked up by police in three different cities just before march 8 , the international women 's day . they had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation . `` i 'm still speechless and do n't know how to react , '' tweeted li 's girlfriend suan xiaola to the couple 's friends upon hearing the news . `` no tears , no ecstasy ... just wondering what we 're going to do next . '' `` i ca n't hide my happiness for the women but being released on bail is not the end of their ordeal , '' echoed li 's lawyer yan xin on chinese social media . `` without closing their cases , they still ca n't live without shackles -- we 'll have our work cut out for us . '' police had recommended last week that prosecutors press charges of `` assembling a crowd to disturb public order , '' which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison . the women are still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation and may face charges in the future , wu 's lawyer liang xiaojun told cnn . they will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted , and police can summon them for questioning at any time , liang added . `` this should n't be a moment of celebration , '' he said . `` the arbitrary detention and release of these women really shows the backwardness of china 's legal system . '' under china 's household registration system , only li is considered a beijing resident . police sent the other four back to their hometowns , disrupting their work and lives , according to the women 's lawyers . many have called the five members of women 's rights action group trailblazers . staging their protests through performance art or flash mobs , they highlighted feminist causes ranging from fighting domestic violence , gender equality at work , to more female public bathrooms -- drawing nationwide attention and even state media praise . their detention had drawn widespread condemnation , including from the united states . `` each and every one of us has the right to speak out against sexual harassment and the many other injustices that millions of women and girls suffer around the world , '' said john kerry , the u.s. secretary of state , in a statement friday . `` we strongly support the efforts of these activists to make progress on these challenging issues , and we believe that chinese authorities should also support them , not silence them . '' kerry 's predecessor hillary clinton -- a longtime champion of women 's rights who just announced her bid for the u.s. presidency -- called the jailing of the feminists `` inexcusable '' on twitter , joining the `` free the five '' hashtag campaign . china had rejected all international criticisms , insisting it 's a country ruled by law and that its judicial sovereignty be respected . supporters of the woman activists , however , sense the chilling effect of their ordeal on china 's nascent civil society , as the ruling communist party under president xi jinping continues to tighten its grip over the country . `` of course people will feel more afraid , '' said wei 's lawyer wang qiushi . `` women 's rights is among the most politically correct issues in china -- now even those who took up that cause ended up in jail . ''