( cnn ) al qaeda has fired a verbal salvo in a multifaction battle over yemen , saying it 's offering 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures two prominent shia muslim opponents , including the leader of the rebels who overtook yemen 's capital . yemen-based al qaeda in the arabian peninsula , in a news release and wanted poster distributed online , offers the reward for the death or capture of houthi leader abdelmalik bedrudin al-houthi and former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh . converted to currency , the gold reward would be worth about $ 774,000 . aqap referred to al-houthi and saleh as the `` two heads of evil . '' aqap is one of several factions fighting to control yemen . with sunni islamic roots , aqap is a bitter enemy of the houthi faction , which is shia and widely believed to be supported by iran . yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since houthi rebels -- minority shiites who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority sunni country -- forced yemeni president abdu rabu mansour hadi from power in january . the houthis , allied with fighters loyal to saleh , have since faced resistance from not only aqap , but also a number of groups including forces loyal to hadi . also opposing the houthis are saudi arabia and other predominantly sunni nations , which last month began airstrikes against the rebels . at least 540 people -- including 311 civilians -- have died as a result of the fighting , the united nations said wednesday . a u.n. expert on refugees said other nations should prepare for `` massive displacement '' of yemenis seeking safety . `` the international community must prepare for a worst case scenario , '' chaloka beyani , a professor of international law at the london school of economics , said . `` while efforts to reach a diplomatic solution are essential , the picture on the ground is extremely bleak and humanitarian responses must be stepped up as a matter of urgency . '' about 1,000 people have already fled their homes during the two weeks of conflict .