( cnn ) fifty years ago in frankfurt , german prosecutors tried 22 former nazi ss soldiers at auschwitz in what remains the most famous holocaust trial staged in germany . at the time , fritz bauer , the german-jewish attorney general of hessen , expressed the simple hope that `` sooner or later , one of the accused would step forward and say : ' what took place -- it was horrific , i 'm sorry . ' then the entire world would exhale , as would all the survivors of those killed at auschwitz , and the air would be cleared . '' sadly , bauer observed , `` it has not been uttered , nor will it be . '' the refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of holocaust trials . john demjanjuk , whose conviction by a munich court in 2011 established the precedent that has now made possible the trial of oskar gröning , remained defiantly silent during his 18-month trial , never so much as breathing a word of acknowledgment or remorse . over the years , some defendants have acknowledged knowing of the exterminations , but have insisted that they played no role . those who acknowledged participating in the killing insisted that they did so out of fear of life or limb . over the years , an extraordinary research effort was dedicated to exploring the claim that ss men had engaged in extermination out of duress . the results were astonishing : investigators and historians failed to uncover so much as a single instance in which a german officer or nco had been executed or even severely punished for opting out of genocide . not one . these evasions and lies were often effective , as many german trials of holocaust perpetrators ended either in light sentences or outright acquittal . and even when a trial ended in a conviction , what was missing was any sense of moral reckoning , an acknowledgment on the part of the accused of the perversity of genocide . fritz bauer can now exhale . on april 21 , on the opening day of his trial in lüneburg , where he stands accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 jews during his service at auschwitz , the 93-year-old gröning faced the court and acknowledged , `` it is beyond question that i am morally complicit . this moral guilt i acknowledge here , before the victims , with regret and humility . '' if nothing else comes from the trial , that statement alone justifies the undertaking . of course , in acknowledging his moral complicity , gröning fell short of confessing legal guilt . indeed , for years he has insisted in his innocence as a matter of law , arguing , in an interview with der spiegel in 2005 , that he had been no more than a `` cog in the gears . '' at auschwitz , gröning was responsible for inspecting the luggage of deportees to the camp -- most of whom were gassed within hours of their arrival -- for banknotes that would be carefully counted and sent to berlin . in performing this task , gröning insists that he never engaged in cruel , murderous or sadistic acts -- a claim that we can probably accept as true . but does this relieve him of criminal liability ? for decades german courts held that mere service as a concentration camp -- in the absence of evidence of a personal act of killing -- constituted no crime under german law . in 2011 , the demjanjuk conviction changed that . in convicting demjanjuk as an accessory to the murder of 28,000 jews at the sobibor death camp , the munich court concluded that death camp guards , regardless of how they had conducted themselves , had to be accessories to murder , because that was their job . it was a crucial breakthrough , because it recognized that mass killing is not a personal act of evil but an exterminatory process . when it comes to factory-like genocide , guilt is not to be measured by acts of cruelty or nastiness ; guilt follows function . convicting under that theory was the great accomplishment of the munich court . by this standard , gröning 's truthful claim that he was no more than `` a cog '' constitutes an admission of guilt . this does not mean that gröning deserves the same measure of punishment as an ss sadist . in fact , it 's not clear that he deserves any punishment besides the symbolic gesture of conviction . but without the court 's conviction , gröning 's important acceptance of moral guilt will remain incomplete . the significance of gröning 's trial can be measured in one final way . many have observed that it coincides with the 70th anniversary of the end of world war ii . but it also coincides with an anniversary of a different sort . april 24 marks the day that millions mourn the killing of hundreds of thousands of armenians by the ottomans during world war i , an event many have described as genocide . and yet the turkish nation itself remains in denial of the mass killings that unfolded a hundred years ago . with that in mind , gröning 's trial reminds us of other mass atrocities that still await their moment of moral and legal reckoning .