( cnn ) russian president vladimir putin shrugged off repeated questions about the impact of western sanctions on his nation during a nationally broadcast annual q & a session . `` sanctions are sanctions , '' he said . `` as far as sanctions are concerned ... . ( they 're ) about the need to constrain our development , '' not just about ukraine and crimea . western sanctions were implemented after moscow annexed crimea and pro-russian separatists battled ukrainian government forces in the nation 's east . putin predicted the sanctions would not end soon . on the middle east , the russian leader defended lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to iran . `` we need to encourage our iranian partners , '' putin said , referring to a preliminary deal to limit iran 's nuclear program . sanctions against iran have had a dramatic impact on the nation 's economy . on israeli and western fears that such a system would embolden iran , putin scoffed . `` iran is not a threat to israel at all , '' he said . `` it is a defense weapon . '' putin 's annual exercise is fascinating for ordinary russians , who normally get him in closely managed doses on state-run television . these sessions are live and can go on and on . last year , he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes . in 2013 , it was a record-setting four hours and 47 minutes . organizers said public interest was especially strong this year , with 2.4 million questions submitted . of course , critics of the kremlin slam the entire event as russia 's imitation of democracy in action . it 's hard to imagine a truly critical question , they say , getting aired on national television there . in fact , it 's best not to look at this event as an opportunity for russians to question their leader at all . instead , it is more like a highly produced , highly choreographed chance for their leader to speak to them , and to the world . last year , there was a `` surprise '' appearance by nsa whistle-blower edward snowden , who was granted asylum in russia . he addressed putin by video link , quizzing putin about moscow 's own surveillance practices .