( cnn ) in the beginning ... there was the bible , and it was a very good book . but this catholic had n't read it -- at least , not from cover to cover . so , in the middle of holy week , i decided to finally take the plunge . let me explain . my name is laura bernardini and i 'm a director of coverage at cnn , which means i manage our newsgathering and newsroom in washington . i 'm also a lifelong catholic . at work this week , i was talking with some colleagues about pope francis ' upcoming trip to the united states . during the course of that conversation , i admitted something that has privately bothered me for a long time . i have never read the bible from genesis to revelation . this from someone who jokingly refers to herself as the highest-ranking catholic in the bureau . my excuse always has been that catholics have their bible passages read to them at mass every sunday . and there are so many people that can so effortlessly quote long and beautiful passages . i love to read , there is no excuse . still , it made me wonder : why i had not read the good book cover to cover ? i took a scriptures class in 9th grade of my catholic high school , but we moved through that year with only selected passages to journal about . later , when i graduated , my grandparents gave me a beautiful bible that has traveled with me from vermont to montreal to atlanta and finally to washington . but in 24 years , i never so much as cracked the cover , other than to write the date i received the gift . in that newsroom conversation this week , daniel burke , the religion editor at cnn.com , suggested i read the bible each day for a year and chronicle it weekly for belief . i will admit to being pretty stunned and a little scared at the prospect . i figured that no one would care about my thoughts or my process . i am no scholar , no expert on scripture , as should be obvious . but the more we talked , the more the idea grew on me . i have committed to training regimens for 5ks and countless diets , so why not try this ? i have been looking for a form of meditation in my hectic life . this might just be it . my friends seem excited about this project , sending me some of their favorite passages , which i 'm keeping a list of . one catholic friend offered to join me , suggesting i get a blank journal to help me take notes . the colleague that i sit next to everyday has already sent me his bar mitzvah passage and wants to discuss it when i get there . another friend 's daughter is making her first holy communion in may , and has also offered to connect us because her class is reading the bible in school . so , in a way , i 'm going back to first grade in catholic school . yay for me . overall , my friends and family are mainly curious how this journey will end . i am , too . will i make it all the way to revelation come next spring ? i start on easter sunday . i hope you 'll join me .