( cnn ) when photographer johan bavman became a father for the first time , he took more than a passing wonder about how his native sweden is said to be the most generous nation on earth for parental leave . he immersed himself in fatherhood -- twice over , you might say . he used his photography to document the real-life experience of other fathers taking full advantage of sweden 's extraordinary program , which allows mothers and fathers to take long , long leaves from their careers so they can care for their newborns . get this : sweden grants a total of 480 calendar days of parental leave , with 390 of them paid at 80 % of income , with a maximum of 3,160 euros a month or $ 3,474 . the remaining 90 days are paid at a flat-rate benefit of 20 euros a day , or $ 22 . but there 's a catch . fathers have to share that leave with mothers . so to promote both parents to raise their children , sweden has mandated that 60 of the 480 days be `` daddy months '' or `` partner months . '' if the 60 daddy days are n't used , they are lost , reducing the maximum leave to 420 days . the country also created a `` gender equality bonus '' : the more days that parents share the leave equally , they get a bonus that could total up to 1,500 euros , or $ 1,649 . the idea is for both parents to share the joys and struggles of raising infants . in reality , only 12 % of swedish couples equally share the 480 days of leave , bavman said , with women continuing to lead the way as the stay-at-home parent and men as the careerist . still , bavman mused last summer about how the policy impacts those men who use the full measure of their parental leave . social media . follow @ cnnphotos on twitter to join the conversation about photography . at first , bavman had difficulty finding such men . but the fathers he did find and photograph , he captured their devotion in realistic imagery . `` i realized while i was talking to these dads , these dads are struck by how important the bonding is between you and the children , '' said bavman , who now has a 3-year-old son , viggo , with partner linda stark , a freelance journalist . `` i did n't want to bring out fathers as superdads , '' bavman said . `` i wanted to bring out these role models which people can connect to . `` i want to have those dads who can also show their tiredness ... which comes with being home with your children . it 's a hard full-time job . this is something that we have been taking for granted for hundreds of years . this is something that mothers have never been recognized for . '' he also found moments of humor , with one child nearly ripping apart the shirt of his busy father . the fathers have become more understanding of their wives and even their own mothers , bavman said . some are now considering a career change to accommodate their parenthood . `` being home nine months , they get time to think about their life , '' the photographer said . bavman is looking for a total of 60 fathers to photograph , to culminate in an exhibition and a book . so far he 's found 35 worthy of his lens . johan bavman is a freelance photographer based in malmo , sweden . from 2008-2011 , he worked as a staff photographer at sydsvenskan , one of sweden 's largest newspapers .