waterloo , iowa ( cnn ) martin o'malley and jim webb share little in common . both democrats are toying with a presidential run , both are facing long odds in that endeavor , and both shared a stage at the polk county democrats awards dinner in des moines , iowa , on friday night . but , as was evident at the dinner , that is where the similarities end . o'malley is a former mayor and maryland governor who seems most at home when he is pressing the flesh at events and introducing himself to anyone who would extend their hand . webb , on the contrary , is a decorated vietnam war veteran and former senator from virginia who comes across as more stoic and , at times , uncomfortable with retail politics . before the event , o'malley confidently cruised the union hall . he took selfies with young environmental activists and chatted with sometimes tepid supporters who admitted their other political allegiances . `` it is a marathon , not a sprint , '' one man told o'malley , a nod to his long odds in the 2016 democratic nomination process . `` yes , it is ; it 's a marathon , '' o'malley responded . `` welcome to iowa , '' said another man . `` we hope to see you here more . '' o'malley smiled , `` thanks a lot . i hope you do , too . '' webb was n't nearly as active , opting instead to stay close to his seat near the front of the venue and chat with a small group of people around him . as webb cut into his sizable helping of pork , o'malley was standing directly behind him , shaking hands . the former virginia senator , after possibly seeing o'malley making the rounds , did stand up and shake hands with a few of the diehard democratic activists in the room . `` seven months old , '' zach smith , a new father , said of his baby boy , noah . `` i have a bunch of kids . the youngest one is 8 years old , '' webb said . the baby looked up at the senator . `` he is pretty calm , '' webb remarked , himself calm . despite coming from bordering states , webb and o'malley do n't know each other . when they passed each other in a des moines hotel lobby on friday morning , it was the first time the two had met . that said , the two democrats find themselves in the same position . hillary clinton , the former secretary of state who is set to announce her presidential bid sunday , leads every national and state poll of the democratic field . she has begun to build a sizable staff and is expected to have massive amounts of money to win the nomination . o'malley and webb are both looking up at her . in a march cnn/orc poll ( pdf ) of national democrats , only 1 % said o'malley and webb were their top choice . in a january poll from bloomberg politics and the des moines register ( pdf ) , o'malley was at 1 % among iowa democrats , while webb found himself at 3 % . the speaking portion of the night further showed webb and o'malley 's differences . webb , who spoke before the governor , gave a more subdued , biographical speech that mentioned three areas he would focus on if he ran for president : basic governance , economic justice and criminal justice reform . to the approval of the audience , webb promised to come back to iowa regularly . `` i am committing to you right now , '' he said , `` we are going to go over the whole state . '' and the biggest applause came near the end of his speech , when he urged his party to get back to talking about issues . `` money is ruining our political process , '' webb said to a chorus of applause and `` hear hear . '' o'malley , on the other hand , gave a speech littered with intentional applause lines . at points , the governor would deliberately stop to allow for the silence to be filled with clapping hands . `` when the american dream is denied , our lives shrink , our hopes fade , and our days unfold not in the light of possibility but in the darkness of fear , '' o'malley said , delivering the same stump speech he usually gives . `` to make the dream true again , we must fight for better wages for all workers , so that americans can support their families on what they earn . '' as the event wound down , webb and o'malley stuck around to shake more hands and meet people . o'malley , who spent the previous day in iowa , left friday night for new york . webb , who is in the midst of a four-day trip to iowa , stayed in des moines and headlined a veterans event on saturday morning in waterloo . webb regularly speaks about his service and appeared more at home at the event . he told war stories with young and old veterans and spoke at length about how the government could be doing more for veterans . he also touted his work on passing the 21st century g.i . bill of rights , a 2008 act that expanded education benefits for veterans , and stressed that more needed to be done . `` you want the next greatest generation , give them the same opportunity the the greatest generation had , '' webb said to applause . `` if you really want to thank them , hire a vet . '' after the event , webb shook hands with people veterans who told stories about dropped benefits and problems with the department of veterans affairs . he occasionally smiled and thanked people for coming on a sunny saturday morning . asked whether he enjoys the retail politics that is crucial in early voting states like iowa and new hampshire , webb smiled . skepticism of retail politics is not new for webb . as a one-term democratic senator , webb was rumored to loathe the burdens that came with campaigning , namely fundraising and retail politics . this time , he put on a rosy view . `` this is the good part of it , `` webb said , with a laugh . `` talking to the media , that is not always the good part . ''