( cnn ) just about now , north korea 's enigmatic ruler was expected to be preparing to emerge from his fortified country for a visit to moscow to join celebrations next week marking the 70th anniversary of the end of world war ii in europe . the trip was highly anticipated . after all , this was to have been kim 's first official international trip since he came to power in 2011 following his father 's death , and it would have provided a fascinating opportunity for the world to get a closer look at a young leader and a regime still largely shrouded in mystery . but this week , russia announced that the trip had been canceled , with kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov saying thursday that moscow was informed via diplomatic channels that the trip would not happen . he said that `` the decision is connected with north korean domestic affairs . '' what could have changed kim 's mind ? it is practically impossible to answer the question with absolute certainty , but a possible explanation is that kim may not be feeling completely secure in his position . and nervous dictators prefer to stay home . true , kim runs one of the most brutally repressive regimes on earth . and there is unceasing public praise for the younger ' dear leader , '' including frenzied eruptions of support . but these eruptions are carefully scripted , and those who have managed to flee the north confirm that in private , many are unhappy with the regime . perhaps with the potential threats in mind , kim feels the need to reassert his authority and keep his eye on the centers of power . in 2013 , kim shocked the country and stunned outside observers when he ordered the killing of his uncle , jang song thaek , who had stood by his side from the day his father died . jang had mentored and guided the young kim as he took the reins , but the once-powerful jang was arrested by soldiers during a politburo meeting who dragged him away in a chilling scene broadcast on national television . the central news agency called jang a `` traitor for all the ages , '' with vague accusations that he had behaved `` insolently . '' more seriously , he was accused of `` counter-revolutionary factional acts in a bid to overthrow the leadership . '' and just this week , and only a day before the russians announced kim 's canceled travel plans , a south korea lawmaker revealed that south korea 's national intelligence service had pieced together information suggesting that so far this year , kim has ordered the execution of 15 senior government officials . according to south korean legislator shing kyung-min , north korea 's vice chairman of the state planning commission , for example , was executed because he objected to plans to change the design of a new government hall from a rounded shape to one resembling a flower . such an explanation is bizarre . and in keeping with the odd behavior we have grown accustomed to hearing about from north korea . but there may be more to this . kim -- who was still in his 20s when he took power and holds a host of titles , including supreme commander of the korean people 's army -- still finds it necessary to remind everyone at home that he is the one in charge . but although there is something almost comical about the explanations offered up by north korea for the actions of its regime , a nervous , unpredictable , inexperienced leader with access to nuclear weapons is far from a laughing matter . as recently as 2013 , north korea conducted a nuclear test -- the country 's third , and it has threatened to use them against south korea , japan and the united states . meanwhile , it has threatened south korea with `` final destruction , '' said it will turn the country 's presidential office into a sea of fire , told japan it would trigger a nuclear attack if tokyo followed through on a warning to destroy any north korean missiles fired in its direction , and declared the united states is seeking a war and that pyongyang `` will be exercising our right to preemptive nuclear attacks . '' such rhetoric is itself troubling . but experts have also warned this week that north korea may have restarted its yongbyon nuclear reactor , with the institute for science and international security arguing that snow melting patterns in images of the plant suggest new activity at the plant . north korea has been mostly out of the news in recent months , partly because so many other international crises have pushed it out of the headlines . but that does n't mean tensions have eased . just three weeks ago , pyongyang fired missiles into the sea as u.s. defense secretary ash carter arrived on the korean peninsula . all this suggests that gauging the state of mind of the north korean leader is no easy task . but if kim raises the alarm about threats from the outside , we will know he is likely feeling insecure at home and may be trying to boost internal support . that would be a danger sign for the people of north korea -- and a flashing red light for the rest of the world . read cnn opinion 's flipboard magazine .