( cnn ) if one is to believe lawyers for aaron hernandez , the former new england patriots star had no conceivable reason to kill a man who was his friend , his future brother-in-law and a reliable purveyor of the marijuana he chain-smoked . the jury in the high-profile trial resumed deliberations wednesday after deliberating about an hour-and-a-half on tuesday . the way defense lawyer james sultan laid it out for the massachusetts jury in closing arguments earlier tuesday , why would a young man with a $ 40 million contract kill semi-pro player odin lloyd less than a mile from his own home ? why would hernandez leave a marijuana blunt he shared with the victim at the murder scene ? did those who sultan described as inept and biased police officers and prosecutors simply become fixated with the former tight end with a promising future in the national football league ? `` if there was evidence of any reason aaron would have had to murder odin loyd , do n't you think you would have heard about it in nine weeks ? '' sultan asked the jury . `` you did n't hear it because it does n't exist . '' the prosecution , however , portrayed hernandez as cold , calculating and insecure -- a man who believed others should be grateful for his attention , one capable of murder for merely disrespecting him in the presence of others . prosecutor william mccauley asked jurors : what was hernandez talking about a day after lloyd 's bullet-riddled body was found at a massachusetts industrial park in june 2013 ? `` ' my endorsements are gone , ' `` hernandez said , according to mccauley said . `` he 's not talking about odin . '' the state 's largely circumstantial case wrapped up after the testimony of more than 130 witnesses and the presentation of more than 400 pieces of evidence . on monday , hernandez 's defense gave its side of the story in less than a day . in closing arguments the next day , sultan sought to show that prosecutors failed to prove their contention that hernandez orchestrated the killing without a reasonable doubt . even if they found a strong likelihood that hernandez was involved , the lawyer said , `` that 's not enough . '' sultan tried to implicate hernandez 's co-defendants , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , who have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . the defense described wallace and ortiz as a pair of drug dealers known to become crazed while on pcp , as men capable of killing someone in drug-induced fits of rage . they 're accused of killing lloyd . `` did he make all the right decisions ? no , '' sultan said of his client . `` he was a 23-year-old kid who witnessed something , committed by somebody he knew . he really did n't know what to do , so he put one foot in front of another . keep in mind , he 's not charged with accessory after the fact . ... he 's charged with murder ... and that he did not do . '' the prosecution said wallace and ortiz were longtime friends of hernandez , who had complete control of them . mccauley reminded the jury of testimony about hernandez and his two friends sunbathing poolside hours after the slaying , drinking smoothies , and hernandez at times leaving his then 8-month-old child with the two men . `` these guys ... will do whatever he wants , '' the prosecutor said of hernandez . the motive for the killing has never been clearly spelled out , but prosecutors said lloyd might have done or said something that did n't sit well with hernandez . they said hernandez rounded up some friends and orchestrated the killing to settle the score . mccauley said a perceived slight that might seem insignificant to someone -- such as disrespect -- would easily offend hernandez . hernandez 's fiancee , shayanna jenkins , testified that hernandez told her to dispose of a box from the couple 's home that she said reeked of marijuana . she also said she did n't know what was in the box . the prosecution has said the murder weapon , which has not been recovered , was in the box . after concealing the box with her daughter 's clothing , jenkins said she threw it away in `` a random dumpster '' but could not remember where . another piece of the state 's case was grainy footage from hernandez 's home security system that prosecutors said showed him holding a .45-caliber handgun -- the same kind of gun police said was used to kill lloyd . hernandez could be seen on camera pulling into his driveway minutes after lloyd was shot to death in the industrial park , which is about a mile from hernandez 's home . the video is time-stamped minutes after nearby workers described hearing noise they said sounded like fireworks -- the moment prosecutors say lloyd was gunned down after getting out of a car hernandez was driving . hernandez 's lawyers showed a different part of the video time-stamped a few seconds earlier with hernandez holding what appeared to be a shiny object in one hand . they suggested it was an ipad . evidence collected in lloyd 's death investigation led to two more murder charges against hernandez in a separate case in boston . hernandez is also accused of shooting daniel de abreu and safiro furtado , allegedly over a spilled drink at a nightclub . that double shooting took place in july 2012 , almost a year before lloyd was killed . he will be tried in that case after the lloyd trial . the jury has not heard about the double shooting . cnn 's susan candiotti and laura dolan contributed to this report .