polk city , florida ( cnn ) if you drove by it , you would n't even know it 's there . the ringling bros. center for elephant conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural central florida , halfway between orlando and sarasota , off a nondescript country road . an armed security guard greets you at the entrance . after a short drive down a gravel road , you get the sense this is a special place . `` you can walk around and you do n't hear anything , '' said kenneth feld , who opened the center in 1995 . `` these elephants , they have these large feet and they travel silently through the fields . i think it 's very peaceful . '' twenty-nine elephants currently live here , and 13 more will join the group by 2018 , after ringling bros. decided this year to stop using elephants in its traveling circus . `` this was a decision that our family had discussed for quite some time , '' said feld , chairman and ceo of feld entertainment , the company that owns ringling bros. and barnum & bailey . the change comes after years of repeated criticism and lawsuits by animal rights groups . the ultimate decision to phase out the elephants , feld said , is the result of the different laws regulating the use of the animals in each of the 115 cities the circus visits every year . `` you ca n't operate any business , much less with animals , if you do n't have consistency from city to city , '' feld said . `` it 's a definite expense to be in litigation and to be fighting legislation , and there is a saying and it 's been around for a long time : ' you ca n't fight city hall . ' and we found that to be the case in this situation . '' the circus business has been a part of the feld family since 1967 , when irvin feld purchased ringling bros. and barnum & bailey . when irvin died in 1984 , his son , kenneth , took over . `` this is a whole family affair , '' he said . `` it 's a family affair for our family but also for all the elephants . '' when the center opened 20 years ago , it housed fewer than 10 elephants . `` it was a place for elephants to retire , '' feld said . today , the center houses elephants of all ages . `` we have lots of different elephants , meaning males and females , youth elephants , older elephants , so it is a great place to study behavior , '' he said . the center is also focused on breeding the animals . wendy kiso , a research and conservation scientist , spends her days at an onsite lab , trying to figure out how to keep the species from going extinct . part of her lab includes several tanks that `` cryo-preserve '' elephant sperm at negative-196 degrees . `` we process the semen and we extend it in such a way that we can freeze it , '' kiso said . `` this is a genetic resource bank for asian elephants . '' twenty-six elephants have been born here , feld said . mike , the newest pachyderm to join the group , was born at the center 's birthing barn nearly two years ago . `` we have the largest and only sustainable herd of asian elephants in the western hemisphere , '' feld said . caring for the elephants is no small task . trudy williams and her husband , jim , spend their time taking care of the animals ' daily needs . it takes the couple hours to bathe , walk and feed the elephants every day . `` first thing in the morning , we water them , and give them some treats and feed them some hay , '' williams said . each elephant eats about 150 pounds of food a day . twenty-one tons of hay usually lasts only 10 days at the center . exercise is also part of the daily routine , including stretching . `` we just do that a few times on each leg with them , just to give them a good stretch , '' williams said . `` we do some footwork with them . all of our elephants , generally once a month , get a pedicure , just to make sure their feet are in good condition . '' all of this care is n't cheap . `` each elephant costs over $ 65,000 a year , per year , over all the years of their life , '' feld said . `` we 're fortunate we 're for profit . we do make a profit and we 're a privately owned family business , and so we 've made a decision we want to devote a lot of resources here . '' it 's a price feld said he 's willing to pay to keep this species -- some varieties of which in asia and africa are endangered -- alive for generations to come . `` i always say , it 's sort of like jurassic park with a happy ending , '' feld said . `` we knew that if we did n't do something , maybe my grandchildren would never have the opportunity to see these incredible animals . '' cnn 's javier de diego contributed to this report .