( cnn ) in the hours after the funeral of freddie gray , a community center and apartment complex that local leaders expected to serve as a catalyst for the rebuilding of a long blighted east baltimore neighborhood went up in flames . the $ 16 million mary harvin transformation center was being built in a part of town where half the properties are vacant buildings or barren lots , where unemployment rates reach 25 % and poverty and despair is rampant . `` disheartened and bewildered '' was how the rev . donte hickman , pastor of east baltimore 's southern baptist church , described feeling tuesday as he surveyed the still-smoldering ruins of the centerpiece of a community rebuilding effort led by his church and a coalition of other congregations . `` i see the hopelessness ... and the emotions of the people but i still see hope in god that we can rise from the ashes , '' he said . `` we can rebuild . this can not be the legacy of baltimore . '' the project was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center . in the works for eight years , the center was to provide behavioral health counseling , support services for people and families with hiv and aids , employment training , home and credit counseling , and ex-offender re-entry services , according to documents filed with the state of maryland . the cause of the blaze was still under investigation . the brick building burned to the ground in the riots that followed monday 's funeral for gray , who died mysteriously on april 19 , a week after baltimore police arrested him . anger over gray 's death may have spurred monday 's violence -- including buildings and cars set ablaze by rioters , looting and clashes with the police -- but members of baltimore 's clergy said it was also spurred by lasting issues with young african-americans in the city . `` we 've been trying to make a major difference , trying to transform the community only to discover that something as tragic as this would take place , '' said the rev . walden wilson ii , pastor of israel baptist church -- part of the east baltimore minister 's community development partnership . `` we saw it coming , '' he added . `` baltimore is a tinderbox . we have a lot of anger as a result of unemployment . we have a high rate of incarceration . '' high concentrations of poverty , underfunded and failing schools , neglected public housing projects and a lack of employment opportunities have been among the social issues long simmering below east baltimore 's crumbling row houses , according to the local church leaders . `` i think the reason that they burned it is exactly the reason why we needed it , '' hickman said of the community center . `` we were seeking to restore people while we rebuilt properties . we wanted to effect change in the human community as well as rebuild properties with affordable housing . '' the rev . reginald thomas , pastor of greater gethsemane missionary baptist church and member of the coalition , said parts of baltimore have not recovered from the 1968 riots that followed the assassination of the rev . martin luther king jr. those riots sped up the flight of city residents to the suburbs . unemployment soared with the disappearance of blue-collar jobs . the drug scourge in the 1980s tore the community apart further . `` the message was that our young people are not valued , '' thomas said . recreation centers closed . new prisons were built , thomas said . hundreds of millions of dollars were poured into the revitalization of the historic inner harbor , a renaissance that eluded communities such as east baltimore . `` when you look at that kind of despair , when you look at people who notice beauty in a city that they can not even access , it creates such an undercurrent of anger , frustration and hopelessness , that 's not going to be fixed quickly , '' thomas said . thomas recalled driving along downtown 's pratt street on tuesday , near the inner harbor , the streets teeming with national guardsmen and state police officers . `` when i left downtown and came into east baltimore , i see no national guard , no troopers , '' he said . `` it sends a message that it 's a priority to protect the areas of the city where a lot of the money has been poured , where the wealth is . what 's missed is , it 's really not smart or wise in the long term to try to isolate certain problems in certain neighborhoods . what may start off as one neighborhood 's problems soon become the city 's problem . '' hickman said the senior housing complex and community center was to open in november or december . the partner churches are expected to complete other projects offering affordable housing and mixed-use developments in east baltimore . the center is being built by the woda group , a low-income housing developer . kevin bell , senior vice president of the woda group , said : `` we are fully committed to rebuilding . '' on tuesday , michael bluitt , a representative of hco inc. , one of the largest african-american church architecture firms in the nation , offered a free conceptual rendering and design consultation for the rebuilding , cnn affiliate abc2news reported . hickman , thomas and other clergy members on monday night met with gang members in an attempt to stem the street violence . thomas said it was the first time such a gathering took place . hickman called it a breakthrough . `` young people just needed somebody to sit and talk to them and hear them cry , '' hickman said , looking out over the ruins of the community project . `` this is reactionary . this is emotional . this is frustration . this is , i do n't know what else to do . if we can rebuild iraq , we can rebuild east baltimore . '' cnn 's miguel marquez and brooke baldwin contributed to this report .