washington ( cnn ) a year after isis became a household name in america , using brutality and savvy propaganda to challenge al qaeda and its affiliates for jihadist adherents , u.s. prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded . the flurry of arrests -- at least 25 people have been detained since january -- is a sign that complicated , manpower-intensive investigations begun when isis started seizing swaths of territory a year ago are finally being completed . but they also highlight the unique challenges that isis poses in comparison with al qaeda , which has attracted fewer u.s.-based recruits . like a new rock band storming the music charts , isis has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda , law enforcement officials said . the group quickly reached early recruits through videos that showcased the fear its adherents instilled in nonbelievers . at first , most of the recruits were self-starters -- people radicalized on their own from consuming isis propaganda from youtube videos and other social media . much of the propaganda comes in the form of slick movie trailer-style videos , some glorifying brutal practices such as the beheading of anyone who isis leaders decide does n't comport with their medieval brand of islam . but once those initial western recruits arrived , living in the self-declared isis caliphate spanning parts of syria and iraq , they started to directly entice friends and other contacts back home to join them . in minnesota , nine men have been charged as part of an alleged cell of recruits linked to american abdi nur , who turned up fighting with isis in syria in 2014 and began to appeal to his friends to come to the middle east . `` each one of those folks who makes it over there has the capability to reach out back to their contacts back here , '' a senior u.s. counterterrorism official said . it 's a phenomenon observed in norway and other european nations , where clusters of young people have been lured to isis . and the isis recruiters have an easier path to drawing supporters than al qaeda has had . a decade ago , that group 's recruits faced formidable obstacles trying to get to training camps deep in hard-to-reach areas of afghanistan and pakistan 's tribal region . few westerners went through the trouble . minneapolis men allegedly trying to join isis highlight role of american recruiter . today , isis occupies much more accessible territory , mostly reachable through turkey . istanbul 's airport has easy connections to western europe and much of the rest of the world . from there , turkey 's modern infrastructure offers quick access to the border regions where smugglers can help jihadis get across to syria . the informal recruitment networks and ease of travel have presented a difficult puzzle to intelligence and counterterrorism officials , who are used to tracking networks of facilitators and fundraisers that funnel recruits eastward . `` it 's harder for us to pick up on , '' the u.s. counterterrorism official said of the peer-to-peer recruitment , which is well below the radar . how isis is luring westerners . before isis , investigators could often focus on radicalizing mosques and clerics to figure out those networks . al qaeda recruitment focused on attracting radicals who were motivated to join the fight to protect islamic holy lands . much of the recruitment occurred in countries with strong conservative islamic histories , including saudi arabia and yemen , u.s. officials said . in contrast , isis takes a somewhat secular approach , portraying how much better life purportedly is in the caliphate as compared to the corrupt west . and people attracted to isis ' marketing run the gamut from rich to poor , educated to dropout , male to female , teenaged to middle-aged . there are signs western recruits have risen to high levels in the isis organization , with their influence reflected in the latest propaganda , counterterrorism and intelligence officials said . the english is proper , with fewer grammatical and spelling mistakes . and while the large number of arrests show that law enforcement officials are succeeding in their disruption efforts , it also means that u.s. authorities do n't see the lure of isis receding any time soon . `` we are opening cases quicker than we are closing them , '' the u.s. counterterrorism official said . who has been recruited to isis from the west ?