( cnn ) at first blush , brian rogers and caitlin mcguire seem like any other small business owners -- polite , hardworking and passionate about what they do . but there 's the potential for things to get a little awkward when the conversation turns from `` hi '' s to highs . `` there 's always a moment of hesitation of ' when are they going to ask us what we do ? ' and ' how are they going to receive that when we tell them ? ' '' mcguire , 25 , said . she and rogers , 34 , own the breckenridge cannabis club , a recreational marijuana dispensary in the historic and scenic ski town of breckenridge , colorado . the couple started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010 , but when colorado became the first state in the nation to allow the sale of recreational marijuana , they saw a once-in-a-lifetime business opportunity . previously , they were only permitted to sell medical marijuana to the approximate 4,500 permanent residents of breckenridge ; when the new legislation took effect on january 1 , 2014 , they could then sell to any of the 30,000-plus tourists ( 21 years or older ) who visited the town during peak season . by the end of the first day of `` recreational '' sales , they knew their lives had changed forever . the two said they brought in more than $ 47,000 in sales , roughly 30 times their normal daily sales of medical marijuana . the long lines and enthusiastic patrons also raised the ire of some of the residents who felt the shop detracted from the town 's `` family-friendly '' atmosphere . now , the pair 's journey to build a legal marijuana empire is documented in the new cnn original series `` high profits , '' which premieres sunday , april 19 , at 10 p.m. et/pt . `` somebody is going to become a mogul , '' rogers said . in 2014 , legal marijuana was a $ 700 million industry in colorado and was billed as the fastest growing industry in the united states . and , according to a a 2014 gallup poll , 51 % of americans favored legalizing marijuana , though that was down from the previous year 's approval of 58 % . it 's a majority , but a slim majority -- and 23 states still prohibit marijuana outright . here are the next states to legalize pot . `` we want to show people that it 's not just a bunch of stoners selling pot over the counter , '' mcguire said . `` it 's business-minded people -- hardworking americans -- who are just like any other business and trying to make their dream work . '' she and rogers are simultaneously pragmatic and optimistic about the public 's opinion . it 's 2015 : is weed legal in your state ? `` i think they often think we woke up and it was handed to us . our job was created ; we created our jobs through hard work and investment and risk , '' rogers said . as pioneers in a newly legalized business , the risks rogers and mcguire face go above and beyond those of your average small business . while the sale and private consumption of cannabis is legal in colorado , the federal government still considers it a schedule i controlled substance like heroin or lsd , a dangerous drug with `` no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse . '' that classification makes it difficult for banks -- which are federally regulated -- to do business with marijuana retailers , even legal ones . few even try . this is pot 's $ 3 billion banking problem . and forget about paying for your pot with plastic . like most colorado cannabis stores , the breckenridge cannabis club is a cash only business . without access to banking , mcguire and rogers are forced to pay their staff , their suppliers and even their taxes in cash . the two recognize that `` budtender '' might not be a career path any family expects their child to embark on , but for the most part , there has been surprising support : mcguire even got permission to use the remainder of her college fund to start breckenridge cannabis club more than five years ago . `` for both of us , it was pretty easy to see this as a great opportunity to do something different , '' mcguire said . `` we were just working in the service industry so it 's not like either of us had any full-fledged careers that we were afraid to leave behind or families that we were worried about risking or providing for . '' what 's worse -- pot or booze ? rogers ' family used to tell his grandmother that he and mcguire ran a ski rental business . `` then one day she was like , ' you do n't rent skis , do you ? ' '' he laughs . mcguire had a similar experience with her grandma , until she came to the store for the first time and saw its legitimacy . `` she thought we were just your stereotypical drug dealers , '' she said . the couple says their grandmothers ' attitude shift is what they 're hoping for on a larger scale : while you may not agree with them , entrepreneurs in four states and the district of columbia are out to prove that recreational cannabis and capitalism can coexist . `` we 're cannabis consumers and we support that part of it , too . but that 's not what this business is about , '' mcguire said . `` it 's about having the opportunity to create a life for us and have a professional career that sustains us . '' will they succeed ? tune in to `` high profits , '' sunday nights at 10 p.m. et/pt .