( cnn ) an arizona police chief on wednesday supported an officer 's decision to drive his car into an armed suspect , saying that although the move could have killed the suspect , deadly force was justified . video of the incident , recorded february 19 by the dashboard cameras of two marana police cars , shows one of the cars running into a suspect with who had a rifle in the city about a half hour from tucson . the suspect , 36-year-old mario valencia , survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged . marana police chief terry rozema was asked wednesday on cnn 's `` new day '' whether police were fortunate that valencia did n't die . `` that very well may be ... that it 's luck that he is still alive . the fact of the matter remains , though , deadly force was authorized , '' rozema said . `` so if he ends up dying in that situation , ( then ) he ends up dying , and that 's unfortunate , ( but ) that 's not the desire of everybody , '' the chief added . the footage has stirred debate about what type of force police should have used . in one of the dashcam videos , an officer who was tailing a walking valencia at slow speed reports over the radio that the suspect has fired one round in the air with a rifle he is accused of stealing that morning from a walmart . another patrol car zooms past , runs into the man from behind , then hits a short cinder block wall next to a driveway . video from officer michael rapiejko 's camera shows rapiejko 's vehicle running into valencia , with the windshield smashing as the car hits the wall . police in marana justified rapiejko 's actions . `` we do n't know that if ( rapiejko ) lets him go for another 10 seconds , ( valencia ) does n't take somebody out in the parking lot , '' rozema said . `` and then we 're answering some completely different questions : ' why did n't you act sooner ? ... this guy had a gun ... why did n't you stop this guy before he shot my wife , before he shot my husband , before he shot my child ? ' `` the video has stirred debate about what type of force police should have used to detain the man . valencia 's attorney , michelle cohen-metzger , told cnn on tuesday that `` it is miraculous that my client is n't dead . '' `` everything in the video seems to point towards an obvious excessive use of force , cohen-metzger said . tucson police sgt . pete dugan told cnn that valencia was involved in several incidents there the day he was struck . at 6:45 a.m. on february 19 , valencia allegedly robbed a 7-eleven in tucson with a metal object in his hand . authorities said he was dressed only in his underwear . he was charged with theft . a little more than an hour later , police said , valencia set a fire at a church for which he was charged with arson of an occupied structure . just after that he entered a home and stole a car , police said . authorities said he drove to a walmart in marana , where he allegedly stole a .30-30 rifle and ammunition . he fled the store with walmart employees in pursuit . police encountered him in a business park walking down the road . an officer told him several times to drop the rifle , lt. tim brunenkant with marana police said in an email containing a timeline of events . valencia , police said , walked away from the officer , turned a corner and stopped . valencia pointed the rifle at the officer then walked away again toward a coca-cola bottling plant and another business . `` as mario valencia briskly walked towards sargent controls ( local manufacturer ) , officer michael rapiejko uses his marked police car to stop the dangerous situation mario valencia created , '' brunenkant wrote . brunenkant also said by phone that before rapiejko 's encounter with valencia , the suspect had pointed the rifle at his head multiple times and threatened suicide before fleeing . rozema said that valencia 's firing of the weapon , his refusal to obey the first officer 's commands to drop the gun and the pointing of the gun at the officer were key . `` and so you have another officer who sees and seizes an opportunity to end the threat and put an end to the situation , '' the chief said . cohen-metzger criticized the fact that rapiejko hit valencia from behind . `` my client 's back was turned and the officer drove right into him , '' she said . `` it is n't that dissimilar to a police officer shooting a fleeing suspect in the back . '' cnn affiliate kold reported valencia was in serious condition when he was taken to the hospital and was released into police custody two days later . valencia faces 15 charges , including three counts of aggravated assault , three counts of armed robbery and possession of a deadly weapon by a prohibited possessor . cohen-metzger said he had a prior record . his next court appearance is may 18 . he is in the pima county jail . authorities said no charges have been brought against the officer . cnn 's tony marco contributed to this report .