( cnn ) mullah mohammed omar is `` still the leader '' of the taliban 's self-declared islamic emirate of afghanistan . that appears to be the primary message of a biography , just published by the taliban , of the reclusive militant who is credited with founding the group in the early 1990s . the taliban 's `` cultural commission '' released the 11-page document in several different translations on the movement 's website , ostensibly to commemorate the 19th anniversary of an april 4 , 1996 , meeting in afghanistan 's kandahar province when an assembly of afghans swore allegiance to omar . several afghan observers say the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of omar 's demise . `` there have been a lot of rumors lately about him . some people are saying that he is not alive , '' said sayyed muhammad akbar agha , a former taliban insider who has written an autobiography about his days with the movement . `` i think the taliban thought it was an important time to release his biography to give assurances that he is alive and present , '' agha told cnn in a telephone interview . bergen : why u.s. must stay in afghanistan past 2016 . the biography also appears to be an attempt to remind the world of the afghan 's jihadi leadership credentials , at a time when isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi has declared himself `` caliph '' of the world 's muslims . `` the taliban has a huge leadership problem at a critical political moment , '' said graeme smith , a kabul-based analyst for the international crisis group . `` another caliph has announced himself to the world , and the taliban has been silent . and that is getting noticed by militants across south asia . '' omar was famously camera-shy during the taliban 's six-year rule over most of afghanistan . to this day , there are only a handful of photographs of the one-eyed leader . `` he never was actively involved in any of these propaganda campaigns . no publicity . no interviews . he never used the internet , '' said rahimullah yusufzai , a pakistani journalist and expert on afghanistan who once interviewed osama bin laden . omar then all but disappeared after a u.s.-led bombing campaign routed the taliban from kabul in 2001 . washington has offered a $ 10 million reward for his capture . the taliban have released written statements purportedly made by the leader-in-hiding . but years without any video or audio recordings of the fugitive have led to growing speculation that omar may have died . the biography challenges rumors of omar 's death by offering a description of his daily work schedule , which begins with prayers , study of the quran , and then delivering `` orders in a specific way to his jihadi commanders . '' the publication also seeks to fill in some of the gaps about the militant 's early years , including the detail that his `` preferred weapon of choice '' was the rpg-7 , a rocket-propelled grenade . according to the biography , omar was born in 1960 in a village called chah-i-himmat in afghanistan 's kandahar province . his father , a `` well-known and respected erudite and social figure , '' died only five years later , apparently of natural causes . omar studied at a religious school , or madrassa , run by his uncle . the rise of the communist party in afghanistan , and the subsequent 1979 soviet invasion , interrupted the young man 's studies and propelled him into the arms of the armed afghan opposition known as the mujahedeen . for the next decade , omar commanded rebel groups `` against the invading russians and their internal communist puppets , '' according to the biography . along the way , he was wounded a number of times and was blinded in his right eye . in one battle , the biography claims , omar and a fighter named mullah biradar akhund destroyed four soviet tanks , even though they were armed with only four rpg rounds . the taliban biography makes no mention of the fact that the u.s. , allied with saudi arabia and pakistan , helped arm and bankroll the mujahedeen until the soviet army withdrew in defeat in 1989 . afghan historians have documented the rapid rise of the taliban in the chaotic years after the communist government in kabul collapsed in 1992 . the movement of warriors who identified themselves as religious scholars emerged to bring order to a country being ripped apart by rival mujahedeen warlords who battled one another for power . the taliban biography says that omar and his compatriots `` launched their struggle and fight against corruption and anarchy '' after an initial meeting in kandahar in june 1994 . two years later , the taliban captured kabul and began imposing its austere interpretation of islamic law on the rest of the country . while the document denounces the taliban 's post-9/11 overthrow at the hands of a u.s.-backed coalition of rival afghan fighters , it makes no mention of the taliban 's alliance with bin laden and al qaeda . during a decade in exile , the saudi-born bin laden continued to release periodic video and audio statements until he was killed by u.s. raid on his hideout in the pakistani city of abbottabad in 2011 . though taliban militants have continued to battle the u.s.-backed government across afghanistan , omar has not been seen or heard from in years . the movement claims he continues to oversee a taliban leadership council , judiciary and nine executive commissions , as well as military commanders who operate in all 34 provinces of afghanistan . exclusive : isis ' recruits afghans ' in chilling video . cnn 's masoud popalzai contributed to this report from kabul , afghanistan .