( cnn ) a white casket sat at the front of new shiloh baptist church in west baltimore as a gospel choir sang for a large crowd gathered to honor freddie gray . the 25-year-old died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge . his death from a severe spinal chord injury sparked widespread outrage toward the baltimore police department . gray 's death in custody is the latest in a string of high profile deaths involving african-americans and law enforcement . many have demanded answers about what happened to gray and his funeral drew civil rights leaders , politicians , and relatives of others who died in police custody . democratic congressman elijah cummings of maryland spoke at the funeral : `` to mother gloria and to the entire family , i want you to know we stand with you during this difficult time . '' cummings said he `` looked at the cameras '' and reflected on the great amount of attention gray was receiving in death : `` did anybody recognize freddie gray when he was alive ? '' he asked . cummings said that gray joined the church in 2001 . he was in youth choir and was a junior usher . `` he loved church , '' cummings said . gray also played football . `` did you see him ? '' the representative asked . `` there are those who will tell you do n't cry . i 'm not going to say that , '' cummings said . gray also had a history of run-ins with the law . according to court documents cnn obtained , there were more than 20 criminal court cases in maryland against gray , and five of those cases were still active at the time of his death . the cases involve mostly drug-related charges , but there are charges from march for second-degree assault and destruction of property . gray was due in court on a possession charge on april 24 . he had been in and out of prison since 2009 for various drug cases , according to the maryland department of corrections . families united for justice was also at the funeral . the group includes relatives of eric garner , who died last july after a new york city police officer put him in a chokehold . protests erupted after a grand jury declined to indict that officer . other members of the group include relatives of amadou diallo , who was fatally shot by new york police officers , and alberta spruill , who died of a heart attack after police threw a stun grenade into her apartment during a botched raid . the white house sent cabinet secretary broderick johnson , chair of the obama administration 's my brother 's keeper task force ; heather foster , an adviser in the white house office of public engagement ; and elias alcantara from the office of intergovernmental affairs . exactly what happened to gray remains a mystery . his family said his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma and died . news of gray 's smashed upper spine and the delay in getting him medical care has triggered outrage across the country . hundreds of protesters peacefully rallied on the streets of baltimore on saturday against the alleged police role in gray 's death . a small group turned violent . about a dozen young men smashed police vehicles with garbage cans , climbed on top of the cars and stomped on them . some hurled water bottles and other objects at police . others funneled their anger toward local businesses , looting or damaging a 7-eleven , a michael kors store and a subway restaurant . baltimore police arrested 35 people , including four juveniles . six officers suffered minor injuries during the chaos , which ended a week of civil and peaceful protests . gray 's twin sister deplored the violence . `` my family wants to say , ' can y'all please , please stop the violence , ' `` fredericka gray said saturday night . `` freddie gray would not want this . '' baltimore city paper said its photo editor , j.m . giordano , was tackled and beaten by police while covering the protests . the paper said giordano was standing near protesters when someone threw a rock at police . officers responded , and giordano was unable to get out of the way . `` they just swarmed over me , '' he said . `` i got hit . my head hit the ground . they were hitting me , then someone pulled me out . '' the incident was caught on video , which baltimore city paper posted online . and reuters photographer sait serkan gurbuz said baltimore police detained him saturday night . officers called the detention of the two journalists inadvertent . `` one journalist ( gurbuz ) was released with a criminal citation , which is being recalled , '' police said in a statement . `` one journalist ( giordano ) was released without any charges . '' cell phone video of gray 's arrest shows him screaming and being dragged , with some witnesses saying he looked like his leg was injured . baltimore police commissioner anthony batts said he was appalled that gray did not receive proper care immediately . he also said officers should have given gray timely medical care `` multiple times '' -- such as at the site of the arrest and at other times during his transport to the police station . batts also said there are no excuses for the fact that gray was not buckled into the transport van . but baltimore 's fraternal order of police lodge 3 shot back : `` these comments appear to be politically driven and in direct contrast to the commissioner 's own request not to jump to any conclusions until the entire investigation is complete , '' union president gene ryan said in a written statement . five of the six officers involved in the arrest have provided statements to investigators , batts said . the sixth officer has invoked his right to refuse to answer questions . and while the preliminary work on gray 's autopsy has been completed , the medical examiner 's office is waiting on toxicology results and might ask spinal experts to look at the case , authorities said . a full report could take 30 to 45 days . not just freddie gray : others who died in police custody . holly yan reported and wrote from atlanta ; miguel marquez reported from baltimore . cnn 's ben brumfield , betsy klein and vivian kuo contributed to this report .