( cnn ) a federal grand jury has charged millionaire real estate heir robert durst , a convicted felon , with unlawful possession of a firearm . in this week 's indictment , durst , 71 , is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver , which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month . he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge , according to the indictment . the charge is the latest in a litany of accusations . a louisiana judge ruled last month that durst , who is charged with first-degree murder , will be held without bail at a facility near new orleans . durst was featured this spring in `` the jinx , '' a hbo documentary about him . he 's accused of killing his friend susan berman at her home in california in 2000 . he also faces state weapons and drugs charges in new orleans . last month , court documents claimed that durst had a loaded .38-caliber revolver , marijuana , his passport and birth certificate , a latex mask with salt-and-pepper hair attached and more than $ 40,000 cash . he also had a ups tracking number . the package was intercepted by the fbi , prosecutors said , and it contained clothing and more than $ 100,000 in cash . but the bigger courtroom fight will probably unfold in los angeles , where the district attorney filed a first-degree murder charge against durst last month . he awaits extradition to los angeles to face that charge . if convicted , he could face the death penalty . prosecutors accuse durst of `` lying in wait '' and killing berman , a crime writer and his longtime confidante , because she `` was a witness to a crime . '' berman was shot in the head in her beverly hills home in december 2000 , shortly before investigators were set to speak with her about the 1982 disappearance of durst 's first wife , kathleen mccormack durst . durst has long maintained that he had nothing to do with berman 's death or his wife 's disappearance . it 's not the first time he has been accused of murder . he admitted killing and dismembering his neighbor at a 2003 trial , but he was acquitted after arguing that he acted in self-defense . fbi agents have also asked local authorities to examine cold cases in locations near where durst lived over the past five decades , a u.s. law enforcement official said . unsolved cases in vermont , upstate new york , the san francisco bay area and southern california are among those getting a new look , the official said . durst 's attorney , dick deguerin , said it 's a sign that authorities are desperate . deguerin has said durst has serious medical conditions . he is suffering from hydrocephalus , which required brain surgery a couple of years ago , deguerin said . doctors implanted a stent on the right side of his head , the attorney said . `` at the same time he was in the hospital , he had an operation on his esophagus to remove cancer . so he 's got some serious health issues . ... he 's lost a lot of weight . he 's not in good health , '' deguerin said . deguerin also said that durst is `` mildly autistic '' and has received treatment in the past from one of the country 's leading experts in asperger 's syndrome and autism .