( cnn ) how can more than 200 nigerian schoolgirls simply disappear ? and how can the nigerian government and the rest of the world have allowed this to happen ? exactly 365 days have passed since the girls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in the dead of night in chibok , northeastern nigeria . they are still missing . for this we should all feel shame : shame that we live in a world where the lives of young girls can be shattered with impunity by fanatical thugs . shame that when such horrendous acts occur , our collective attention span is so fleeting . a year ago , i could never have imagined that we would be here today , marking the grim 12-month milestone of these girls going missing . in the early days of their abduction much of the world stood as one , rallying around the hashtag # bringbackourgirls . on the ground in nigeria as part of cnn 's team covering the story , i was buoyed by this global solidarity . a year on , meet the man still fighting to # bringbackourgirls . caught in the blinding glare of global attention , and facing a tide of questions about their bungled response to the kidnappings , the nigerian government felt the weight of accountability and was spurred to take greater action ; offers of assistance from the likes of the us , uk , france , and china were accepted . promise after promise was made by nigerian government officials that the girls would come home -- so where are they , and where is the global outrage over these broken promises and broken dreams ? my heart goes out to the grief-stricken loved ones of these missing girls on this painful anniversary . poor and socially marginalized , all many of them have is their hope that their girls will one day return . girls who escaped risk lives to go to school . the task of keeping that hope alive has largely been taken up by the handful of # bringbackourgirls campaigners in nigeria . these men and women have worked tirelessly to keep the story alive for the past year ; their struggle has been a painful and increasingly lonely one . but as the world 's gaze has shifted they have continued to meet the nigerian government 's silence with cries of : `` bring back our girls , now and alive ! '' at this point , finding the girls will not be easy . but it can be done . it must be done . malala offers ' solidarity , love , hope ' to abducted schoolgirls . these girls are no different from your daughters , sisters , nieces : each has hopes and dreams of their own . but i also believe there is another reason these girls must be reunited with their families - in the words of martin luther king : `` injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . we are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality , tied in a single garment of destiny . whatever affects one directly , affects us all indirectly . '' our common humanity compels us to do our part , to right this shameful wrong . how the world has changed since the kidnappings .