( cnn ) roseanne barr revealed earlier this week that she is going blind . in an interview with the daily beast , the 62-year-old comic talked about her struggle with macular degeneration and glaucoma — two eye diseases that get progressively worse over time and can steal vision . barr 's doctors have n't provided a timeline , but her symptoms are worsening : `` my vision is closing in now , '' she said . `` i just try and enjoy vision as much as possible . y'know , living it up . '' related : 9 worst eye care mistakes you 're making . macular degeneration is a breakdown of the part of the retina that allows us to see fine details in the center of vision ; while glaucoma damages the nerve that connects the retina to the brain , and is often caused by fluid build-up and pressure in the eyes . ( barr said in the interview that she helps relieve the pressure by using marijuana , which is known to temporarily lower pressure inside the eye . ) `` it 's somewhat unusual that roseanne bar has both , but not unheard of , '' explains ophthalmologist steven a. shanbom , md , of shanbom eye specialists in berkley , mich . though there are some controllable risk factors , certain people are genetically predisposed to these diseases , so barr may simply be prone to both . `` certainly it 's sad . the combination of the two is terrible . macular degeneration takes away her central vision , and glaucoma is taking away her peripheral vision , '' dr. shanbom adds . ( he is not treating roseanne barr , and does not know the specifics of her case . ) the risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60 , with some people , especially african americans , at higher risk in their 40s . that 's why the american academy of opthalmology recommends getting a baseline eye exam when you turn the big 4-0 , even if you have perfect vision . in the early stages , you can have either condition , but have no symptoms at all . things like a family history or high blood pressure , or issues within the eye ( like having a thinner cornea , for example ) might lead your md to prescribe drops that can reduce your chances of developing glaucoma by about half . related : 10 natural ways to lower blood pressure . there is no cure for either disease . but like those eyedrops , there are treatments that may delay the progression of early-stage glaucoma ( from other drugs to surgery ) , and therapies that might halt further vision loss in advanced cases of macular degeneration ( including an implantable telescope ) . the future looks brighter however : an animal study published this month suggests that an injection of stem cells into the eye might slow or even reverse the effects of early-stage macular degeneration . there are also simple things you can start doing right now to ward off these diseases . here , five ways to protect your peepers . slip on your shades—even when it 's cloudy . sun exposure can up the risk for glaucoma and macular degeneration , as well as cataracts ( clouding of the lenses ) . make sure your sunglasses offer 99 % to 100 % uv protection . sporting a pair that does n't filter uv light is more dangerous than wearing no shades at all , because the dark lenses cause your pupils to dilate and allow in more harmful rays . schedule in a regular walk . studies indicate that aerobic exercise can reduce the eye pressure that leads to glaucoma , and may improve blood flow to the retina and optic nerve . according to the glaucoma research foundation , all you need to do is raise your pulse 20 % to 25 % ( which could mean a brisk walk ) for 20 minutes , a minimum of four times a week . related : 9 tweaks that make walking workouts more effective . eat your greens . spinach , kale , and other leafy greens are packed with lutein and zeaxanthin—antioxidants that lower your risk of developing macular degeneration ( and cataracts too ) , research shows . another good source : egg yolks . snack on almonds , citrus , and berries . almonds are loaded with vitamin e ( a handful provides about half your daily dose ) , which slows macular degeneration ; while citrus fruit and berries are filled with vitamin c , which cuts your odds of developing the disease . avoid cigarette smoke . while smoking is bad news for many parts of your body , you may not have considered eyes to be one of them . however , smoking doubles your risk of macular degeneration . avoiding cigs can not only protect your lungs and heart , it can protect your peepers too .