tehran , iran ( cnn ) traveling to iran these days , the mood among many people and the government can probably best be described using two words : confident and optimistic . after a preliminary framework for a possible nuclear deal was reached between iran and world powers , many here believe a final agreement is possible -- and most hope that widespread sanctions relief could be on the horizon . businesses are already gearing up for a time after the restrictions are lifted , and many people anticipate a huge boost to the economy . `` naturally we are all very happy , '' one woman in central tehran told us . `` we expect better days economically and culturally . we want better relations with the rest of the world . '' another man added , `` i have a good feeling about it , because my country will be free of the fear of war . '' but this weekend , just a few miles down the road , iran 's leaders were celebrating their war machine as the military held its annual national army day parade . as the u.s. , saudi arabia and other countries criticize iran for its alleged involvement in funding and supplying the houthi rebels who have seized power in much of yemen , iranian president hassan rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the middle east . `` today , our army is the source of our national stability , '' rouhani said in his speech at the parade . `` and even more than that -- it is also a source of security and stability in the entire region . '' the country 's top military brass seemed surprisingly relaxed and unusually willing to speak with western media outlets . major general hassan firouzabadi , the chief of staff of iran 's armed forces and a man who is close to rouhani , told cnn he hopes the u.s. and iran can work closer together to fight isis in iraq . `` the unity of humanity based on the right of all human beings to live , and their right to freedom , dictates that all human society is threatened by isis , and all humans should unite against isis and work against them , '' firouzabadi said . firouzabadi also repeated iran 's longstanding claim that the u.s. is partly responsible for creating isis , which now controls large parts of iraq and syria . `` if the americans really did n't create isis , and if they want to destroy isis , it is possible for them to achieve that , '' he said . `` but we have not seen anything so far except intelligence gathering from the u.s. and britain . we hope that one day , because of their national interests and the will of their nations , the u.s. and the uk will decide to really fight isis . '' iran has often dismissed the coalition air campaign as ineffective , while praising its own strategy of training , advising , outfitting and directing iraqi shia militias , kurdish forces and the iraqi military . but in another apparent softening of rhetoric , a top military official said he hopes that the animosity between iran and america will fade . `` at the moment , we consider the united states to be a threat to us because its policies and actions are threatening to us , '' general ahmad reza pourdastan , the commander of iran 's ground forces , told cnn . `` we would like the u.s. to change its rhetoric and tone of voice so that our nation could have more trust in the u.s. military leadership , '' pourdastan continued . `` we trust the american people , but the tone of u.s. government and military officials is such that we still consider the u.s. a threat . '' at the same time , iran 's leadership is showing no sign of toning down its own fiery rhetoric -- and the usual `` death to israel , death to the u.s.a. '' chants echoed around the crowds at the military parade . the u.s. welcomes some of iran 's support for iraqi forces in the fight against isis , but says at this point that there simply is no basis for deeper cooperation on the battlefield . and for iran 's part , supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei has also rejected direct coordination between the two long-time adversaries . and even though many iranians have high hopes for the interim nuclear deal , the leadership in washington and tehran is far more skeptical . in a recent televised speech , khamenei said it was possible that there would be no deal by the june 30 deadline -- and possibly no deal at all . and iran 's army brass has rejected the notion that nuclear inspectors would get access to military sites . meanwhile , the white house has been confronted by a congress that is largely hostile to the negotiations , and has been making the case that a deal can not be about trust , but about monitoring and verification . `` our main concern here is making sure that if iran does n't abide by its agreement , that we do n't have to jump through a whole bunch of hoops in order to reinstate sanctions , '' u.s. president barack obama said last friday . `` that 's our main concern . and i think that goal , of having in reserve the possibility of putting back and applying forceful sanctions in the event of a violation , that goal can be met . '' so far none of this has seriously threatened to derail nuclear talks set to resume this week . but despite the confidence and optimism that is currently in the air , there is also fear that things could fall apart if tehran and washington are n't willing to make tough concessions .