( cnn ) an egyptian court sentenced the leader of the muslim brotherhood , mohamed badie , on saturday to death by hanging , along with 13 members of his group . the sentences will be appealed . the criminal court sentenced 36 other defendants to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities . they faced charges that include `` funding the rabaa al-adawiya sit-in '' -- a mass protest in cairo in august 2013 that was forcibly dispersed by security personnel -- and spreading `` false information '' to destabilize egypt . they were arrested in a sweeping crackdown on supporters of former president mohamed morsy , the country 's first democratically elected president , who was overthrown in 2013 in a military coup that bitterly split egyptians . one of those sentenced to life in prison was mohamad soltan , a 27-year-old u.s.-egyptian activist . he has been languishing in cairo 's notorious tora prison , where he has been on a hunger strike for more than 14 months . the u.s. state department released a statement condemning soltan 's sentence and calling for his release on humanitarian grounds . the presiding judge for badie , soltan and the other defendants was mohamed nagy shehata , who is known for his harsh verdicts . shehata has sentenced more than 180 people to death and was the original judge in a high-profile case case involving al jazeera journalists . badie had been sentenced to death before on a conviction related to a deadly attack on a police station . he has also been sentenced to life in prison for inciting violence during 2013 's unrest . the egyptian news outlet al ahram reported that badie had been sentenced to death twice before , but an appeals court overturned one verdict , and egypt 's grand mufti disapproved of the other . during the summer of unrest , hundreds of people died when the police forcefully cleared camps set up by protesting morsy supporters and when security forces opened fire on morsy backers who attacked police stations , government buildings and churches . the government accused the protesters of inciting violence . after the coup , the new government outlawed the muslim brotherhood . morsy was arrested , and he too faces trial . soltan 's sister , hanaa , is anxious about what the future holds for her family . she wrote a letter to her brother expressing her feelings . `` dear mohamed , '' the letter read . `` i 'm often asked why , and how , you 've kept up your hunger strike for 14 months now , despite our pleas for you to end it . i 've watched your body go from a plump basketball-playing frame to one that has withered down to its bones . `` your face , with its beautiful smile often grinning , now looks permanently in pain . and , all i can do to explain is to tell people that it 's the only form of control you have to hold on to -- now more than ever , on the eve of your sentencing . '' cnn 's don melvin contributed to this report .