( cnn ) the vii summit of the americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the united states and cuba . but insert venezuela into the mix and panama city , panama , quickly turns into a `` triangle of tension . '' heads of state from 35 countries in the western hemisphere have met every three years to discuss economic , social or political issues since the creation of the summit in 1994 . cuba has historically been the wrench in the diplomatic machinery , with some latin american leaders threatening not to attend the summit of the americas if the united states and canada did n't agree to invite president raul castro . the tide changed december 17 , 2014 , when president barack obama and castro announced that more than five decades of cold war rivalry was ending . diplomats from both countries immediately began negotiations to establish embassies in havana and washington , and the attention immediately focused on the summit of the americas , where for the first time since the about-face , obama and castro would come face-to-face . the much anticipated handshake between obama and castro would steal all the headlines if it was n't for cuba 's strongest ally , venezuela . venezuelan president nicolas maduro recently accused the united states of trying to topple his government and banned former president george bush , former vice president dick cheney , and senators bob menendez and marco rubio from entering venezuela . `` they ca n't enter venezuela because they 're terrorists , '' maduro said , blaming the american politicians for what he called terrorist actions in iraq , syria and vietnam . the u.s. state department said the allegations of u.s. involvement in a coup plot against maduro were `` baseless and false . '' later , obama issued an executive order sanctioning seven venezuelan officials for human rights violations and saying the country was a `` threat to national security . '' white house officials said every executive order includes that language , but it has sparked a fiery response from maduro , who has been collecting millions of signatures demanding the repeal of the order . he also asked for repeal in full-page ads in the new york times and in a panama city newspaper . maduro did n't stop there ; he has been rallying other latin american leaders , including bolivian president evo morales , ecuador 's rafael correa and nicaragua 's daniel ortega . but perhaps most damning for the united states -- and creating the `` triangle of tension '' at the summit -- cuban foreign minister bruno rodriguez has sided publicly with maduro . `` we reiterate our strong condemnation of the unacceptable and unjustifiable unilateral sanctions imposed against the sister nation of venezuela and the continued foreign interference with the purpose of creating a climate of instability in that sister nation . we ratify our firmest support to the bolivarian revolution and the legitimate government headed by president nicolás maduro , '' rodriguez said . while the world watches for the photo-op of obama and castro , it 's unclear if more latin american diplomats will side with maduro , and for america , the vii summit of the americas could go from `` mi casa es su casa '' to a walk into the lion 's den .