moscow ( cnn ) a russian tv channel aired hillary clinton 's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it 's for mature audiences , because of fears it might run afoul of the country 's anti-gay propaganda law . a clip of the video , which features a gay couple holding hands , got the 18+ rating from the independent tv rain channel in russia on monday . the channel told cnn that it did n't want to break the controversial law , which bans `` propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors '' and bars public discussion of gay rights and relationships within earshot of children . `` there are no legal precedents for this law , so we just do n't know what comes under this law and ( what ) does n't , '' a tv rain spokesperson told cnn . `` therefore , fearing to break the law -- especially given the high attention to tv rain from the supervising authorities -- we decided to put a marker ( on the video ) . '' clinton 's video was released over the weekend to announce the start of her 2016 u.s. presidential campaign . it features about five seconds of two men holding hands . one of the men says , `` i 'm getting married this summer to someone i really care about . '' the former senator and first lady first declared her support for same-sex marriage in early 2013 , saying that `` gay rights are human rights , and human rights are gay rights . '' russia 's controversial law caused an international outcry after it was passed by the russian parliament and signed by president vladimir putin in july 2013 . human rights watch described the anti-gay propaganda law as `` a profoundly discriminatory and dangerous bill that is bound to worsen homophobia in russia . '' rights campaigners called for a boycott of the 2014 winter olympics in sochi , and a number of bars around the world stopped serving russian vodka in protest . u.s. president barack obama -- clinton 's former boss -- said at the time that he found the legislation offensive . `` i have no patience for countries that try to treat gays or lesbians or transgendered persons in ways that intimidate them or harmful to them , '' obama told jay leno in 2013 . putin defended the law , noting that unlike other countries , russia decriminalized homosexual relationships ( in 1993 ) . `` we do n't outlaw anything and do n't nab anyone , '' he said before the 2014 games . `` that 's why you can feel safe and free here , '' he added , `` but please leave our children in peace . '' the rights group ilga-europe said in a may 2014 report that russia was the worst place in europe ( out of 49 countries ) for lgbti people to live . read more : social media react to hillary clinton logo .