new york ( cnn ) a new york police department detective apologized friday for an angry exchange with an uber driver that was caught on video and landed him on modified assignment . `` i apologize . i sincerely apologize , '' patrick cherry told wnbc 's jonathan dienst . cherry , an nypd detective assigned to the fbi 's joint terrorism task force with top-secret security clearance , faces suspension , reassignment or loss of his clearance after the video of the altercation went viral . `` i was just angry , at that moment , for that exchange . '' cherry said . `` if the conversation initially went differently , we probably would have shook hands at the end of that encounter . '' the altercation began monday when the uber driver gestured to a detective in an unmarked car to use his blinker after he was allegedly attempting to park without using it , according to sanjay seth , a passenger in the car who uploaded the video to youtube . the video picks up seconds after the detective began yelling at the driver and mocking his accent , and also shows the unmarked car with lights flashing pulled over behind the uber car . in the video , the detective tells the driver he has committed `` three traffic and law violations '' and then becomes irate and uses expletives toward the comparably calm driver . a visibly upset police commissioner william bratton on wednesday said the detective was placed on modified assignment pending an investigation . `` no good cop can watch that without a wince , '' he told reporters . `` as all good cops know ... the officer made their jobs a little bit harder . that kind of anger like that is unacceptable in any encounter ; discourtesy like that and language like that is unacceptable . that officer 's behavior reflected poorly on everyone who wears our uniform . '' cherry also apologized to the police commissioner , saying `` he 's doing a lot of good work to strengthen community relations in the city and i set that back . i would work , personally work to fix that . '' `` you ca n't judge three minutes of a tape involving me and me alone as indication that that 's the kind of practice of the new york city police department , '' he added . bratton , who said the detective was on duty at the time , issued an apology to the driver and passengers . mayor bill de blasio told reporters at an unrelated news conference that he had not seen the video . `` there 's just no place for any public servant to use discriminatory or negative language , '' he said . `` obviously , our police play a particularly sensitive role and need to show respect for all people . '' in a statement , michael palladino , president of the detectives ' endowment association , called the officer `` a person of good character and an excellent detective '' who `` should not be judged by one isolated incident . '' `` i am not trying to minimize the significance of what occurred , '' palladino said . `` i am simply pointing out that cops are just like everyone else . they have families , friends and other things going on in their lives , too , that may affect their behavior at times . there is no disputing that we are held to a higher standard , that is why this incident is so newsworthy . '' in the video , after the detective steps back to his car , the uber driver , who moved to america less than two years ago , turns to the passenger and thanks him for recording the video . `` that 's crazy . that 's really inappropriate , '' the passenger tells the driver . `` listen , it 's not your fault . he should n't be slamming your car door , throwing things around . he does n't have a right to open your door . '' when the detective comes back , he is irate and does n't allow the driver to speak . `` i do n't care what you have to say , people are allowed to park their cars on the side of the street without your interference , '' the detective tells the driver . `` i do n't know where you 're coming from , where you think it 's appropriate in doing that . that 's the way it works . '' `` i 've got news for you , '' the detective says , `` the only reason you 're not in handcuffs and going to jail and getting summons in the precinct is because i have things to do . that 's the only reason that 's not happening . because this is n't important enough for me . you 're not important enough . do n't ever do that again . '' the nypd said the internal affairs bureau is investigating the incident . `` the behavior in the video is wrong and unacceptable and we appreciate the nypd investigating the incident . we are in touch with our driver-partner who was subjected to this terrible experience and will continue to provide any support he needs , '' uber said tuesday . seth met wednesday with an investigator from the civilian complaint review board , according to board spokeswoman linda sachs . the investigator is attempting to interview the driver as well as the police officer . the findings will be presented to the board , which will make an official determination on whether misconduct was committed , sachs said . the board will either refer the decision to the nypd with a disciplinary recommendation , or decide to bring up the officer on administrative charges , with the decision presented to the police commissioner . cnn 's carolyn sung contributed to this report .