( cnn ) freddie gray did not get timely medical care after he was arrested and was not buckled into a seat belt while being transported in a police van , baltimore police said friday . police commissioner anthony batts told reporters there are no excuses for the fact that gray was not buckled in as he was transported to a police station . five days after gray 's death and amid ongoing protests , police officials acknowledged mistakes were made during and after his arrest . gray , who was stopped april 12 after a foot pursuit through several housing complexes , should have received medical attention at the scene of his arrest , said deputy police commissioner kevin davis . a witness said the man was yelling and indicated he was having difficulty breathing . batts told reporters in an afternoon news conference : `` we know our police employees failed to get him medical attention in a timely manner multiple times . '' investigators are trying to learn more about gray 's condition at each of the three stops the van made on its way to a police station . at the first stop , gray was placed in leg irons . the driver stopped a second time `` to deal with mr. gray and the facts of that interaction are under investigation , '' davis said . the van stopped one more time to add a second prisoner . batts told reporters that at the third stop an officer saw gray on the floor of the van , asking for a medic . the officer and the van driver picked him up and put him on the seat , the commissioner said . when the van arrived at the western district station , police called for an ambulance , said davis , who is in charge of the investigation . an attorney for the gray family said it was positive news , but there is a more important issue . `` it 's certainly a step towards acknowledging the truth that the police did not follow their own internal regulations , '' jason downs told cnn 's `` erin burnett outfront . '' `` what it does not get at is , it does not get at the core of this case and that is why did mr. gray need medical attention in the first place ? ... that 's the question that still has not been answered . '' the developments came two days after a police union attorney spoke of the possibility that the injuries occurred during a `` rough ride , '' a frequently claimed practice in which police vehicles are deliberately driven in a way that injures suspects . at least two suspects have won court cases against the city after being left paralyzed in such rides over the last decade or so , the baltimore sun reported thursday . gray died sunday , one week after baltimore police arrested him . at some point , he suffered a severe spinal cord injury . his family said his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma and died . batts said he had been given preliminary results of an autopsy on gray . the medical examiner 's full autopsy may take another 30 to 45 days , batts said , because toxicology tests still need to be examined and spinal experts may be brought in to assess gray 's injury . meanwhile , anger over the incident and the police response to it continued to grow ahead of a major rally that organizers vowed would `` shut this city down on saturday . '' `` the people are demanding immediate arrests , immediate end to the protracted investigation , and immediate end to the stonewalling , '' said malik shabazz , president of black lawyers for justice . but he and other officials vowed the protests would be peaceful -- much as they were thursday night , despite a few scuffles and two detentions . `` no one has come to try and burn baltimore down , '' another protest organizer , the rev . tim sutton , told reporters . mayor stephanie rawlings-blake thanked those protesters who have demonstrated peacefully . `` our community is very clear . they demand answers and so do i , '' she said . the mayor said that will take some time , but she had concerns about what happened to gray . `` i still want to know why the policies and procedures for transport were not followed , '' rawlings-blake said . `` i realize there is frustration over this investigation , but i want to be clear : there is a process , but we have to respect that process . '' batts addressed calls for his resignation after gray 's death by saying he would not step down . police first encountered gray as they patrolled an area known for crime and drug activity . when gray saw them , authorities said , he started running . gray was arrested after police found what they said was a switchblade on him . an attorney for gray 's family has said the knife was a pocket knife of legal size . one video of gray 's arrest shows officers dragging him to a police van , his legs dangling limply behind him . `` his leg look broke ! '' a bystander yells as a witness captures the arrest on a cell phone video . that witness , who only wants to be identified as kiona , said she knew gray as a joker and a ladies ' man . but that day , he said only one thing to her . `` when i ran up the street and seen him , the first thing i asked him was he ok because i heard him screaming , '' kiona said . `` he did n't never say yes or no , he just said , ' i ca n't breathe , ' and just was yelling . '' gray 's family attorneys and protesters said police did n't have any probable cause to chase him but did so only because he was `` running while black . '' police union attorney michael davey said officers had every right to give chase . `` there is a supreme court case that states that if you are in a high-crime area , and you flee from the police unprovoked , the police have the legal ability to pursue you , and that 's what they did , '' he said . `` in this type of an incident , you do not need probable cause to arrest . you just need a reasonable suspicion to make the stop . '' andrew o'connell , an attorney for the gray family , said `` police have a lot of questions that need to be answered . '' `` what was the reasonable suspicion ? why were they arresting our client ? '' he said . `` he had no weapon in his hand . he was committing no crime , and he was n't hurting anybody . the police had no reasonable suspicion to stop or arrest him , '' the attorney said . the gray family has not yet seen the preliminary autopsy report , attorney william murphy said . downs said the family has commissioned an independent autopsy . while police say five of the six officers involved in the arrest have provided statements to investigators , the department has not released details of what the officers said or how gray might have suffered the fatal injury . the sixth officer has invoked his right to refuse to answer questions , batts said . baltimore protests : 5 questions demonstrators are asking . the justice department is investigating whether gray 's civil rights were violated during the arrest . rawlings-blake said earlier she `` absolutely '' believes an outside investigation is needed , especially given the history of police misconduct . a wake will be held sunday for gray , with a memorial service and funeral following on monday . cnn 's holly yan , carolyn sung , ashley fantz , kimberly hutcherson , eliott c. mclaughlin , catherine e. shoichet , kevin conlon and dana ford contributed to this report .