( cnn ) over the last few years , we 've been close to eradicating worldwide polio without full success . however , a new medical technology , an easily applied microneedle patch , could be the key to that goal . the biggest challenge standing in the way of eradicating polio has involved the operational logistics of getting the vaccine to people who need it , especially in difficult areas plagued by violence or poverty . the microneedle patch , which resembles a small , round adhesive bandage , could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it . by applying it to the skin and pushing down , the vaccine is delivered in a matter of minutes . rather than requiring highly trained medics , minimally trained personnel could go from door to door , quickly administering the vaccine . it 's been 60 years since a mass inoculation of jonas salk 's vaccine began with school children in april , 1955 that caused polio cases in the united states to drop by almost 90 % over the course of two years . the vaccine was eagerly awaited because , according to the cdc , about 35,000 people annually became disabled because of polio in the u.s. in the 1940s and '50s . in 1938 , roosevelt founded the national foundation for infantile paralysis , an organization known today as the march of dimes foundation , to fight polio . the organization funded the two vaccines -- one created by salk and another by albert sabin -- that would lead to the protection of most of the world against polio . salk 's vaccine , developed in the 1950s , involved injecting a virus that was `` killed , '' while sabin 's vaccine -- which he worked on in the 1960s and which was administered orally -- contained a weakened version of polio . the sabin vaccine actually helped boost immunity in communities beyond the individual because people shed the weakened virus in their feces . it came to replace the salk vaccine in many places between 1963 and 1999 , according to the smithsonian . but the injected `` killed '' virus version is what 's given in the united states today because of the rare instances of people developing polio from the oral vaccine . most people with polio have no symptoms ; minor symptoms such as limb pain , fatigue and nausea affect about 4 % to 8 % of patients , according to the cdc . fewer than 1 % of cases lead to patients becoming permanently paralyzed , usually in the legs . between 5 % and 10 % of paralyzed patients die when their respiratory muscles become paralyzed , too . human beings have been living with polio for thousands of years , dr. stephen cochi , a polio specialist at the centers for disease control and prevention , said . there 's evidence from ancient egypt that paralytic polio existed there and even infected royalty . but it was n't described clinically until 1789 . the united states saw its first polio outbreak in 1894 in vermont , with 132 cases , according to the smithsonian . as the population became more urbanized in the early 20th century , more outbreaks occurred . president franklin delano roosevelt contracted the disease at age 39 in 1921 . although no cure was developed , a device called an iron lung was invented to help people with the disease breathe . the patient would lie on a bed inside a cylindrical tank , and the machine helped some people become able to breathe again on their own . this device cost about $ 1,500 in the 1930s -- about what a home would cost then , according to the smithsonian . that is , until the vaccine came on the scene . polio was declared eradicated in the united states in 1979 . but the vaccination effort does n't stop . `` in the u.s. , where there 's no problem anymore , we still want to have the population protected , '' said michael katz , senior advisor and interim medical director of the march of dimes . children should receive four doses of inactivated polio vaccine , delivered as an injection , at ages 2 months , 4 months , 6 to 18 months , and 4 to 6 years , according to the cdc . most american adults were vaccinated as children and do n't need another dose . but people may need additional protection if they are traveling to high-risk countries , handle poliovirus specimens in a laboratory or have close contact with a person who has polio . polio primarily spreads from person to person -- through coughing and sneezing -- or through fecal contamination . the particles are large enough that the risk of contracting polio in the air is momentary , and on a surface like a desk or a chair , it can last an hour or two . but in sewage , it can last for weeks or even months . polio is the next likely candidate for disease eradication , cochi said . the only infectious disease that humans have eradicated is smallpox . like polio , it was a viral disease spread from person to person and would infect everyone in the absence of vaccination . and there 's no non-human animal in nature that hosts these viruses , making it easier to eradicate than a disease that animals carry , too ( although at least 100,000 monkeys were killed in the development of polio vaccines in the mid-20th century , according to the smithsonian ) . a big difference , though , is that smallpox has obvious characteristic symptoms : fever and rash . most people with polio have no symptoms at all , or very mild symptoms . on average , one out of 200 patients experiences paralysis . for polio , tremendous progress is being made , with 95 % of children being reached for the most part , oliver rosenbauer , spokesman for polio efforts at the who , said . but there are still districts where only 75 % to 80 % of children are covered , which allows the virus to continue circulating in afghanistan , pakistan and nigeria . `` the virus keeps getting increasingly restricted , '' rosenbauer said . `` we 're not there , but i think the trend is good . '' perhaps microneedles could be the key to finally eradicate worldwide polio .