( cnn ) relations between iran and saudi arabia have always been thorny , but rarely has the state of affairs been as venomous as it is today . tehran and riyadh each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the middle east . in its most recent incarnation , the iranian-saudi conflict by proxy has reached yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic . for riyadh and its regional allies , the saudi military intervention in yemen -- `` operation decisive storm '' -- is the moment the sunni arab nation finally woke up to repel the expansion of shia-iranian influence . for tehran and its regional allies -- including the houthi movement in yemen -- saudi arabia 's actions are in defense of a retrogressive status quo order that is no longer tenable . and yet both sides have good reasons to want to stop the yemeni crisis from spiraling out of control and evolving into an unwinnable war . when iranian president hassan rouhani was elected in june 2013 , he pledged to reach out to riyadh . he was up front and called tehran 's steep deterioration of relations with the saudis over the last decade as one of the principal burdens on iranian foreign policy . from lebanon and afghanistan to pakistan and the gaza strip , the iranian-saudi rivalry and conflict through proxy has been deep and costly . and yet despite rouhani 's open pledge , profound differences over syria and iraq in particular have kept riyadh and tehran apart . but if the questions of syria and iraq prevented a pause in hostilities , the saudi military intervention in yemen since late march has all but raised the stakes to unprecedentedly dangerous levels . unlike in syria and in iraq , the saudi military is now directly battling it out with iranian-backed rebels in yemen . while riyadh no doubt exaggerates tehran 's role in the yemen crisis , its fingerprints are nonetheless evident . `` iran provides financial support , weapons , training and intelligence to houthis , '' gerald feierstein , a u.s. state department official and former yemen ambassador , told a congressional hearing last week . `` we believe that iran sees opportunities with the houthis to expand its influence in yemen and threaten saudi and gulf arab interests . '' the iranians find the charges biased and point to the saudi airstrikes in yemen as a much bigger case of meddling in a neighbor 's affairs . in iran , the cue came from the country 's top authority , supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei , who has been unusually blunt . he tweeted : `` despite disputes , the saudis used to display composure [ with ] us but now inexperienced youngsters have come to power & replaced composure [ with ] barbarism . '' three days after khamenei 's speech , iran suspended religious pilgrimages to mecca . this came as news broke about two iranian teenage boys who had reportedly been sexually assaulted by the police while visiting saudi arabia . meanwhile , anti-saudi protests have been staged in a number of iranian cities . khamenei 's speech opened the floodgate of anti-saudi statements . the voices of hardline figures in tehran have been the most agitated . general ahmad purdastan , the commander of the iranian ground forces , taunted the saudis . `` beware of the day when firecrackers explode in riyadh , '' purdastan said , in a not-so-subtle warning . but it was not only the hawks that came out swinging against the saudis . ayatollah ali-akbar hashemi rafsanjani , a former president and arguably iran 's most vocal advocate of better iranian-saudi relations . called riyadh 's military intervention a `` strategic mistake '' and urged for a political solution . seeking a political solution is iran 's stated aim for the yemeni crisis , but the prospects of such an effort succeeding are slim . iranian foreign minister javad zarif has provided a four-point plan : to get a ceasefire , to encourage the provision of humanitarian aid , to promote political dialogue among warring yemeni parties , and to achieve the formation of an inclusive government . but the iranian proposal also asks for an end to saudi airstrikes . as zarif put it , `` iran and saudi arabia need to talk , but we can not talk to determine the future of yemen . '' the saudis have thus far ignored the iranian proposal . meanwhile , the houthi leadership has welcomed the plan . as one of its leaders said , `` in iran 's plan , unacceptable solutions do not exist . '' not only do the saudis not have any faith in any iranian-drafted political package that is welcomed by the houthis , but riyadh believes that the international disposition favors it . saudi arabia was elated by the u.n. security council vote on 14 april that condemned the houthi movement . only russia abstained . but a solution to the yemeni crisis will not come from the u.n . the u.n. can provide a cover for riyadh 's military intervention , but it can not secure it a military win . this leaves riyadh with a fundamental question about how far it is willing to take its fight in yemen . saudi airstrikes alone will not finish off the houthi movement and it allies in the yemeni armed forces . it requires ground troops on a huge scale . riyadh has tried hard to muster a military coalition that is willing to dispatch ground troops but its effort has so far been nothing short of a fiasco . the pakistanis most famously turned down the saudi request and let it be known that yemen is a quagmire they can do without . instead , islamabad has asked iran to push the houthis for a political compromise that riyadh can live with . the turks were enthusiastic at first about stopping the houthis -- but in his visit to tehran last week , turkish president recep tayyip erdogan made it clear that he has prioritized iranian-turkish trade relations over rivalry in yemen , and emphasized a political solution for the yemeni conflict . the egyptians and the jordanians are still supportive of saudi efforts and claim publicly to be open to the idea of deploying military forces to assist riyadh in yemen . but whether they will go through with it is another matter . egypt has a long list of problems of its own , including a bloody counter-terrorism campaign in sinai that it can not afford to lose , but also an eastern border with lawless libya that is increasingly a new front in cairo 's fight against jihadists . it is hard to see how egyptian general abdel fattah el-sisi can commit troops to a yemeni campaign that is not a direct threat to egypt 's security . the same kind of domestic realities , including the threat from isis , will also prevent jordan from any significant contribution to saudi military efforts in yemen . these hard realities leave riyadh with two options . it can look for or even mediate a political solution that will invariably include the same houthis that riyadh is attacking today . alternatively , given the absence of willing states to contribute ground troops , riyadh will have to contemplate a full-scale invasion of yemen . that is scenario that is very hard to contemplate . the iranians too are faced with stark choices . it is beyond tehran 's ability to tame the yemeni crisis . as tempting as it might be for tehran to see the saudis bleed in yemen , the danger of this conflict further fuelling sectarian tensions in the middle east will undermine broader regional iranian interests . a political compromise that both riyadh and tehran and their respective yemeni allies can live with seems to be the only option that is not cataclysmic .