rome ( cnn ) italian authorities said they had launched a `` vast anti-terrorism operation '' friday , going after suspects associated with al qaeda who had discussed a range of targets , including the vatican . some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with al qaeda leader osama bin laden before his death in pakistan in 2011 , wiretaps showed , italy 's state-run ansa news agency reported . and wiretaps and other intelligence revealed that the group planned to carry out terrorist attacks in afghanistan and pakistan as well as in italy , according to caligari chief prosecutor mauro mura . some evidence indicated the vatican was among the targets considered , police said . talk of this took place march 2010 , around the time a possible suicide bomber from afghanistan entered italy , mura said . police said , too , that some of the suspects were involved in a pakistani market bombing in 2009 in which more than 300 people were killed and injured . the suspects had been under surveillance for years , some as far back as 2005 , police said . on friday , italian state police closed in , carrying out raids in seven provinces in what they called a first-of-its-kind operation . one of the raids targeted the alleged terrorist cell 's headquarters on the island of sardinia . the operation , which is still going on , is expected to result in the arrest of 18 people , most of them from pakistan , said spokesman paolo meloni , who represents the police in sassari , sardinia , where the investigation is being coordinated . some suspects had an abundance of weapons and moved cash around the world , police said . one was apprehended on a flight from italy to pakistan while carrying 55,000 euros , or nearly $ 60,000 , police said . meloni said the provinces in which the raids were being carried out included frosinone and macerata , which are in central italy , as well as bergamo , in the north . some of those expected to be arrested are suspected of having been involved in the 2009 car bombing in pakistan , meloni said . in that bombing , in a bazaar in the northwestern pakistani city of peshawar , 137 people were killed and more than 200 were injured . still other suspects are suspected of involvement in migrant trafficking , he said . police said the group tried to recruit to its cause the migrants it transported . cnn 's hada messia reported from rome , cnn 's don melvin reported and wrote from london and cnn 's greg botelho reported and wrote from atlanta .