( cnn ) most airline pilots have an above average ability to compartmentalize personal problems . the cockpit is our `` safe '' place . the flight deck is a structured world of black and white . checklists . procedures . standardization . stress from the job is an accepted part of our career . however , sometimes during the course of an airline pilot 's career , or anyone 's career for that matter , stress issues may manifest as depression . depression is treatable . and for airline pilots , it is no longer debilitating to our livelihood . the federal aviation administration now approves certain prescribed medication , allowing us to continue flying until depression is no longer a factor . as the world learns more about andreas lubitz , the co-pilot on germanwings flight 9525 , it is readily apparent that this young man had psychiatric issues far beyond clinical depression . he reportedly was administered a series of injections to mitigate his problems , an absolute reflection on the serious nature of his illness . but lubitz 's illness did n't just appear out of thin air . its effects had to be apparent to others . lubitz 's girlfriend made her concerns public knowledge -- unfortunately after events took their course . considering the hoops lubitz had to jump through to have established himself as a germanwings co-pilot , it 's curious to me how the red flags of his illness were missed . to what hoops am i referring ? first , let 's start with his passion for gliders . glider flying is one of the purest forms of aviation . although it is mostly an individualistic endeavor , the sport involves teamwork . interaction among fellow enthusiasts is paramount to both enjoyment and safety . i 'm a glider pilot . participation among the members of my club uncovers the personalities and idiosyncrasies of each pilot . behaviors not quite conducive to the activity are readily apparent . second , lubitz had to compete successfully in a selection process just to have the opportunity to train through lufthansa 's flight program , a requirement of germanwings employment . the selection process is most likely highly competitive , requiring above-average aptitude . is the selection process flawed to the extent that a serious mental disorder would go unnoticed ? regardless , the process had to be a stressful experience . opinion : germanwings and the stigma of mental illness . once accepted into the flight program , a rigorous training period began . for primary training , lufthansa utilizes an ab initio ( from the beginning ) program based at a facility the airline owns in goodyear , arizona , near phoenix . the training is geared toward a multi-crew pilot license , or mpl , recognized by the international civil aviation organization . the purpose of an mpl is to funnel airline pilot candidates having little or no flight time into the right seat as first officers . countries that do n't have the luxury of selecting from a large pool of experienced pilots use this license . airline pilots in the united states are not licensed in this manner , requiring as much as 1,500 hours to qualify as a co-pilot . this is a fairly recent change in faa regulations , initiated as a result of the 2009 colgan airlines crash in buffalo , new york . lubitz had barely over 600 hours of flight time when he committed his act of horror . as a 21-year-old flight instructor , i had that much flight time ; it hardly qualified as a lot of experience . as with all of the mpl programs , the training involves an intense period of airline-specific instruction . and to add insult to injury , candidates are not paid during the training until such time as they pass a final check ride . regardless , the cost is borne by the student to the tune of about $ 76,000 . using both actual flight experience in a single-engine airplane and simulator time , the student receives about 250 hours of training . it is a period of almost constant supervision . aside from observing and checking performance criteria , would n't at least one instructor have noticed behavioral issues in such an intense environment ? and would n't a fellow trainee have noticed also ? according to reports , lubitz took a leave from his training -- a very untypical behavior . was that not in and of itself a red flag ? would n't a manager in lufthansa 's flight department consider it prudent to reconsider a candidate with an indication of potential issues ? after all , the selection process was most likely highly competitive , with other qualified candidates readily available . once the primary training in arizona was complete , lubitz would have returned to germany and completed more specific schooling on the airbus a320 he was about to fly . again , no one observed issues . but even more curious , according to reports , lubitz disclosed a diagnosis of previous depression to lufthansa . over the course of a career , an airline pilot spends thousands of hours sharing the confined space of the cockpit with colleagues . even if we have never flown with a particular individual , experience allows us the intuition to know when something is n't quite right . that determination can be made through performance observation of typical routines , or perhaps through a simple conversation . in that regard , i find it difficult to believe that none of lubitz 's colleagues made a less than positive assessment at some point in time . as supplemental background , germanwings had been established as the low-cost , alter ego carrier of lufthansa . depending upon a pilot 's monthly flight time , salary for pilots can be as much as 20 % lower than the mainline carrier . in addition , more days on duty were part of a germanwings crew member 's schedule . apparently as late as march 20 , lufthansa pilots had been on strike , one of the main disputes being an early retirement option and less desirable working conditions for new hires . perhaps enough of a disparity existed for germanwings pilots such that medical leave benefits would not have covered lubitz 's absence . regardless , all of these factors combined to add a perfect storm of stress to one sick 27-year-old man . the world knows the end result . it just seems to me that this was an accident waiting to happen . could it have been prevented ? well , this is the primary purpose of accident investigation : never allow the same tragedy to occur again .