( cnn ) about 150,000 years ago -- give or take 20,000 -- a guy fell into a well . last month he made science history . the altamura man became the oldest neanderthal to have his dna extracted by researchers . it took them more than 20 years to get around to doing it . scientists in southern italy have known about him since 1993 , when spelunkers spied his skull staring blankly back at them from its nook in the lamalunga cave , deep under the town of altamura . the cave explorers told researchers at the university of bari what they 'd found , according to their report published in march in the journal of human evolution and phys.org . altamura man 's intact skull and jumbled pile of bones made for a great specimen , but they were wedged into a panoply of stalactites and stony globules deposited by water dripping over them for tens of thousands of years . researchers decided not to rescue the bones for fear that trying to ease them out of the cave 's calcified grip would shatter them and ruin altamura man . so , they left him forever a cave man . calcite pebbles line the neanderthal 's eye sockets , nose bone and an upper jaw like a hundred decorative piercings . analysis of the calcite has shown the bones to be 128,000 to 187,000 years old . scientists believe altamura man wound up in the cave at least that long ago after falling into a prehistoric well , then died in the caverns at its bottom of thirst or hunger . recently , researchers made an exception , and toted off a chip from his right shoulder blade to the lab . metrics taken of his skeleton confirm altamura man was a homo neanderthalensis . he will spend perhaps endless eons glaring silently out of his cranny in the world 's most secluded spot , or , as altamura 's archeological museum describes it , `` in the corner of a small cavity situated between the ground and the back wall . '' the scientists hope they will be able to sequence his dna , to find out more about the evolution of all hominids -- including us . and to hear some of altamura man 's story about life in neanderthals ' early days in europe , before he happened to stumble into that darned hole .