( cnn ) nobel literature laureate guenter grass , best known around the world for his novel `` the tin drum , '' has died , his publisher said monday . he was 87 . grass died in a clinic in the city of luebeck , where he was taken over the weekend , said steidl publishing spokeswoman claudia glenewinkel . german media are reporting he died of pneumonia . grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide by exploring motifs from his childhood city of danzig , which is now gdansk , poland . during the nazi era , ethnic poles and jews were persecuted and deported from the multicultural city , at a time when they faced the possibility of mass murder . `` in his excavation of the past , günter grass goes deeper than most and he unearths the intertwined roots of good and evil , '' the nobel committee wrote , when it awarded him the literature prize in 1999 . but grass , an outspoken public figure , has sparked controversy in the last decade . in 2006 , he confessed that at the age of 15 , in 1943 , he volunteered for military service in germany 's war of aggression and ended up in the notoriously bloody waffen ss . grass said he had no excuses for his choices back then , and that , as a teen , he may even have been excited about belonging to the unit , which he saw then as an elite group . a year later , he penned a detailed account in the new yorker on how he spent his war years up to the death of german dictator adolf hitler . three years ago , grass drew controversy again , when he published a poem in a german newspaper discouraging germany from selling more submarines to israel . in `` what must be said , '' grass accused germany of selling weapons to a potential aggressor out of guilt over the holocaust . grass said israel could use nuclear weapons to kill masses of iranians . german commentators pilloried him as subconsciously anti-semitic . israel invoked a visa ban , and then-interior minister eli yishai declared grass a `` persona non grata '' in israel , the jerusalem post reported . grass ' novel characters are the forgotten , the downtrodden and the weird , the nobel committee said . and like oskar matzerath , the boy in `` the tin drum , '' they often slip into surreal situations . this was a literary innovation , the committee said , which was furthered by other great authors , such as gabriel garcia marquez , nadine gordimer and salman rushdie . on monday , rushdie tweeted about grass ' death : `` this is very sad . a true giant , inspiration , and friend . '' `` the tin drum , '' which was published in 1959 , `` breaks the bounds of realism by having as its protagonist and narrator an infernal intelligence in the body of a three-year-old , a monster who overpowers the fellow human beings he approaches with the help of a toy drum , '' the nobel committee wrote . the committee praised grass ' mastery of the german language and his ability to artfully exploit its possibilities of creating seemingly endless yet graceful sentences . grass was an icon in contemporary german culture with an unchanging iconic look -- his broad mustache , his eyes gazing over the top of his glasses , a tobacco pipe a constant companion in hand . in his later years , he became known for his continuing critique of human history in the 20th century -- and of current events . as recently as march , grass criticized the anti-islam movement pegida , patriotic europeans against the islamization of the west . he used the opportunity fire a jab at government that he said was corrupted by money interests . `` it 's not islam that threatens the federal republic ( of germany ) , '' he said in an interview with rp-online.de , `` but political lobbying . democracy has decayed into fake democracy . '' grass has also suggested that germans should be forced to invite refugees from crisis regions to live in their homes as a way of offering more shelter to the world 's destitute .