( cnn ) as ash from chile 's calbuco volcano spread east into argentina , geologists warned of the potential for more activity friday . evacuations in the region involved not only people but animals as well . `` there is more seismic activity ... and we think there will be more activity today , '' helmuth huerta , a spokesman for chile 's national geological and mining service , told cnn . the volcano has already erupted twice this week , spewing ash to a depth of about 23½ inches ( 60 centimeters ) in some places , according to the ministry of interior and public safety . new advisories say airborne ash could reach an altitude of 12,000 feet . calbuco erupted twice in 24 hours , the geological agency said early thursday . the agency said it was evaluating a spectacular nighttime eruption but indicated it was `` stronger than the first one . '' in ensenada , houses , trees and even sheep were blanketed gray with ash , cnn 's shasta darlington reported . people were removing salmon -- a staple of the local economy -- amid fear of contamination from ash and lava . trucks were used to evacuate farm animals and pets . authorities issued a red alert for the popular tourist towns of puerto montt and puerto varas in the south . people were being evacuated to port montt on 22 buses and military trucks , the interior ministry said . officials said that volcanic flows from calbuco caused rising water levels in the río blanco . a 12-mile ( 20-kilometer ) exclusion zone was established around the crater . military and police forces were helping evacuate more than 4,400 residents , the interior ministry said . an additional 2,000 residents of chamiza were being evacuated as a preventive measure after river levels rose due to volcanic flows . more evacuations were expected in lago chapo and correntoso . the first eruption on wednesday set off a bit of a panic in the region . `` at the beginning , it was small , and later , the cloud grew . and later , there was a huge cloud over you and true terror starts , '' a puerto montt resident said . another person said : `` it was impressive to see an enormous mushroom cloud , with the immense force of the volcano , and to see the ashes . at that point , there was a lot of panic , lots of chaos , traffic jams , people going to supermarkets , everyone looking for water , trying to take out money from the atms . '' magma expanse under yellowstone supervolcano more vast than thought . the eruption is a first for many in the region . the last major eruption was 1962 . there was a minor eruption in 1972 . calbuco also belched out a bit of gas and smoke in 1996 . alejandro verges , regional director of the interior ministry , said that officials are concerned there might be a third eruption . `` the situation is relatively calm right now , although people are understandably anxious about what could happen tonight , '' he said .