( cnn ) working as a warden in rwanda 's volcanoes national park , home to the endangered mountain gorilla , edwin sabuhoro was determined to do whatever was necessary to protect the animals he was committed to defend -- including putting himself in harm 's way . following a series of incidents in 2004 where wildlife had been lost , sabuhoro volunteered to infiltrate poachers on their own turf by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla . the mission was successful and the culprits were put to prison . `` i felt so bad that i had put these people in jail -- but i felt so good that i saved a baby gorilla , '' recalls sabuhoro , whose next move was to visit the jailed poachers , as well as their families , to apologize for tricking them and find the reasons behind their actions . what he heard was stories of starvation and desperation . poaching , he found , was the only way for these people to survive . `` that 's when i decided that what i was doing was not part of giving a solution to what is wanted outside the park , '' says sabuhoro . he quickly decided to quit the job and come up with an idea to help poachers make a living -- a plan that did n't include killing wildlife . `` i thought of an idea of turning poachers to farmers , '' says sabuhoro , who took all of his savings -- $ 2,000 -- and divided it to poachers to rent land , buy seeds and start farming . `` i left them with that and they started farming , and when i came back six months after i found they had harvested enough -- they had enough food at home , but they were [ also ] selling more in the markets . '' but sabuhoro was n't finished . while talking to tourists who came to visit the volcanoes , sabuhoro came up with an idea to capitalize on their interest in the area , and provide work for former poachers . `` i started a tour company called rwanda eco tours , and i said for tourism to thrive in the country we need eco-tourism where tourists can give back to the community and then the communities will have an incentive to conserve the park . so we built a cultural village in 2006 -- before we finished , we had tourists visiting us . '' he says . `` in 2010 , we got $ 30,000 net income from the cultural village and put this back to different activities in the village level . '' sabuhoro , whose work with the cultural village has received international recognition , including a chance to briefly meet u.s. president barack obama as a young african leader , is now trying to take his idea further to other national parks across africa where poaching is causing similar problems . `` if we can work together , on a regional level , continent level , we can save these species , '' he says . `` because these are the last species that we have . and as human beings we ca n't afford to fail the wildlife . '' watch this : meeting the men who poach rwanda 's gorillas . watch this : flourishing community protects gorillas . more from african voices .