tikrit , iraq ( cnn ) mass graves believed to hold iraqi soldiers have been discovered in newly liberated tikrit . up to 1,700 bodies may be recovered . isis claimed to have executed that many soldiers captured in june outside camp speicher , a fortified iraqi base near tikrit . a total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in tikrit , an iraqi government official said tuesday . hundreds are believed to have been executed by isis in june 2014 . grieving iraqis , apparently not related to the soldiers , gathered to pray over the bodies . when the first three bodies were found , 10 iraqi soldiers saluted the dead by firing seven shots into the air . the national anthem was played while soldiers wept . all the bodies were decomposed . some had their hands bound , damon said . the remains will be sent back to baghdad for dna tests to establish identify , said ali tahir , a director in the iraqi morgue who was supervising the digging and extraction . damon said there may be eight mass graves inside the presidential palace complex , which contains the residences of former iraqi president saddam hussein , and two other sites outside the city . the presidential palaces complex became isis headquarters after the militants occupied the city . iraqi soldiers and shiite militias retook tikrit a few days ago after a fierce battle . damon interviewed a soldier who said he survived the massacre by playing dead . the solider said isis captured the troops outside camp speicher and marched them to the presidential palace complex , telling them they would be safe until a prisoner swap was arranged . once inside the compound , the soldiers were separated into smaller groups , executed and buried in mass graves , the survivor told damon . he said he was tossed into a river and floated to an embankment . on monday , prime minister haider al-abadi said revenge is not the way to deal with the discovery of the bodies . he said several people involved in the killings have been detained . families of the missing soldiers had been demanding answers from the iraqi government about what happened . as isis swept through northern iraq in june , some military units were ordered to camp speicher . their families claim the men received orders from their commanders to leave the base and move closer to baghdad . they left unarmed and in civilian clothes , they say . military commanders and the iraqi defense ministry denied any such orders being issued and said the men deserted . isis released videos that showed what seemed to be an endless line of military recruits marched at gunpoint and later posted images showing cold-blooded mass killings . damon said iraqi officials told her it may take weeks or months to exhume all the bodies . human rights watch described the `` speicher massacre '' -- as it has been dubbed in iraq -- as the `` largest reported incident '' where `` isis captured more than 1,000 soldiers fleeing camp speicher ... then summarily executed at least 800 of them . '' based on satellite imagery and witness testimony , human rights watch last year was able to identity a number of mass grave sites inside tikrit and the presidential palace complex . the families gave dna samples to the iraqi ministry of health last year so authorities would be able to match them to unidentified bodies the government may find . cnn 's arwa damon reported from tikrit , and ralph ellis wrote in atlanta . cnn 's jomana karadsheh contributed to this report .