seoul , south korea ( cnn ) lee min-bok did n't laugh once when he watched `` the interview . '' the north korean defector calls the hollywood comedy `` vulgar , '' admitting he could n't even watch the whole film . yet he is still sending thousands of copies across the border from south to north korea in balloons , determined his people will see the movie in which the leader kim jong un is assassinated on screen . `` the regime hates this film because it shows kim jong un as a man , not a god , '' says lee . `` he cries and is afraid like us and then he 's assassinated . '' kim is portrayed in the movie as a katy perry-loving , sensitive soul with daddy issues , clashing with the all-powerful image beamed out by pyongyang 's tightly controlled state media and propaganda machine . at 1 a.m. , lee makes a final check of the wind speed and direction , then heads towards the border with north korea . he has company . the south korean police and military drive closely behind . after pyongyang fired on similar propaganda balloons recently , they are monitoring launches very closely . this irritates lee . `` we can help towards reunification with these balloons , '' says lee . `` it costs millions of dollars to buy a f-22 fighter jet which the south korean government insist they need and that 's not for peaceful purposes . so why do civilians like me have to do this under cover of darkness ? '' at 3 a.m. , lee fills the balloons with helium and ties the bundles of dvds , dollar bills and political leaflets to the bottom . a timer is attached which will release the bundle once safely in north korean territory . he has no way of knowing what will happen to the goods after that . he does n't know if ordinary north koreans will watch the movie and read the leaflets . the fact that pyongyang acts with fury against these so-called propaganda balloons suggests some information is seeping through to the hermit kingdom . `` if you tell the truth in north korea , you die . but by using these balloons from here , i can tell the truth in safety , '' lee adds . the decision to launch the balloons in the dead of night is not just to avoid confrontation with north korea , but also with south korea 's local residents . after pyongyang fired on balloons last october and south korea returned fire , those living close to the border have been trying to physically stop the launches , arguing they are being put in the line of fire . the chances of at least some north koreans having watched the film that north korea sees as `` an act of terrorism '' is certainly possible .