bangkok ( cnn ) thailand has lifted martial law , replacing it with it a controversial new security order granting sweeping powers to the ruling military junta . critics have expressed alarm at the move , with human rights watch 's asia director brad adams saying it marked the country 's `` deepening descent into dictatorship . '' martial law was lifted wednesday when the thai king bhumibol adulyadej approved a request from prime minister general prayuth chan-ocha to proceed . prayuth -- head of the national council for peace and order ( ncpo ) junta -- immediately invoked article 44 of the country 's interim constitution `` to curb acts deemed harmful to national peace and stability . '' article 44 states , in wide-ranging terms , that when the head of the junta believes it is necessary in the name of public harmony or to prevent the undermining of national security , then he has the power to act as deemed necessary . according to a statement issued by the ncpo , the new order grants military personnel powers to issue summons and arrest those who commit crimes against the royal family or against national stability , who commit crimes involving war weaponry , or who violate the orders of the ncpo . designated military personnel were granted powers to seize assets , to block media from reporting or publishing , and to detain suspects up to seven days , the statement said . unauthorized political gatherings of more than five people were banned , while those who defied ncpo orders could be imprisoned for up to a year , it said . those who were detained could not leave the country without the approval of the head of the ncpo . human rights watch said in a statement that the new security order would allow prayuth `` to issue orders without administrative , legislative , or judicial oversight or accountability . '' `` thailand 's friends abroad should not be fooled by this obvious sleight of hand by the junta leader to replace martial law with a constitutional provision that effectively provides unlimited and unaccountable powers , '' adams said in a statement . sunai phasuk , human rights watch 's senior researcher on thailand , told cnn the move would see prayuth `` become a strongman with ultimate power in his hands to wield as he wishes . '' `` this is a dangerous indication that the junta is not going to keep its promise to restore democracy and respect for human rights in thailand , '' he said . rupert abbott , deputy director for asia pacific at amnesty international , called in a statement for the ncpo to `` reinstate the rule of law and constitutional protections for human rights which the 2014 coup steamrolled over . '' meanwhile , the united nations high commissioner for human rights zeid ra'ad al hussein expressed alarm at the news . `` normally i would warmly welcome the lifting of martial law -- and indeed strongly advocated for it to be lifted in thailand , '' the high commissioner said . `` but i am alarmed at the decision to replace martial law with something even more draconian , which bestows unlimited powers on the current prime minister without any judicial oversight at all . this clearly leaves the door wide open to serious violations of fundamental human rights . '' martial law was imposed shortly before thailand 's military seized power last may , ousting the democratically-elected government of yingluck shinawatra after months of sometimes violent street protests . since then , the ncpo has curbed civil liberties , muzzled the media and rounded up opponents . amnesty international says that since may , hundreds of people have been arbitrarily held and dozens brought before military courts for engaging in peaceful political gatherings or expression . thai political scholar and coup opponent pavin chachavalpongpun told cnn that the move from martial law to the new security order amounted to `` pouring the same wine into a new bottle . '' `` the junta is trying to reinvent itself , but the substance is still there , '' he said . `` in a word : it 's absurd . everyone knows in thailand they had to abolish the martial law because of international pressure . `` but article 44 is a lot worse than the martial law because it gives total power to the ncpo . '' thailand 's military rulers have insisted that such restrictive measures are needed to maintain stability , following a decade of political conflict which has pitted a royalist , middle-class bangkok elite against shinawatra 's supporters , mostly drawn from the urban working class or the rural north . but pavin did not believe there was a sufficient threat to national security to justify the new order . `` the notion of national security has been exploited over and over , '' he said . a spokesperson for the u.s. embassy in bangkok said it was important that thai citizens were allowed `` to freely exercise their fundamental rights , including the rights of freedom of expression and peaceful assembly . ''