( cnn ) the world 's biggest and most powerful physics experiment is taking place as you read this . the large hadron collider ( lhc ) , a particle accelerator and the largest machine in the world , is ready for action following a two-year shutdown . after problems that delayed the restart in march , scientists at the european organization for nuclear research ( cern ) completed final tests , enabling the first beams to start circulating sunday inside the lhc 's 17 mile ( 27 km ) ring . `` operating accelerators for the benefit of the physics community is what cern 's here for , '' cern director-general rolf heuer said on the organization 's website . `` today , cern 's heart beats once more to the rhythm of the lhc . '' the lhc generates up to 600 million particles per second , with a beam circulating for 10 hours , traveling more than 6 billion miles ( more than 10 billion kilometers ) -- the distance from earth to neptune and back again . at near light-speed , a proton in the lhc makes 11,245 circuits per second . it took thousands of scientists , engineers and technicians decades to devise and build the particle accelerator , housed in a tunnel between lake geneva and the jura mountain range . the purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the `` big bang '' -- the scientific theory said to explain the creation of the universe . by replicating the energy density and temperature , scientists hope to uncover how the universe evolved . our current , limited , knowledge is based on what 's called the standard model of particle physics . `` but we know that this model is not complete , '' dr. mike lamont , operations group leader at the lhc , told cnn in march . the burning questions that remain include the origin of mass and why some particles are very heavy , while others have no mass at all ; a unified description of all the fundamental forces such as gravity ; and uncovering dark matter and dark energy , since visible matter accounts for only 4 percent of the universe . the lhc could also question the idea that the universe is only made of matter , despite the theory that antimatter must have been produced in the same amounts at the time of the big bang . cern says the energies achievable by the lhc have only ever been found in nature . the machine alone costs approximately three billion euros ( about $ 3.3 billion ) , paid for by member countries of cern and contributions by non-member nations . the organization also asserts that its guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with standards set by swiss and french laws and a european council directive . scientists and physics enthusiasts will be waiting with bated breath as the lhc ventures into the great unknown . `` after two years of effort , the lhc is in great shape , '' said cern director for accelerators and technology , frédérick bordry . `` but the most important step is still to come when we increase the energy of the beams to new record levels . '' peter shadbolt contributed to this report .