( cnn ) a former u.s. army enlistee who posted on facebook about `` the adrenaline rush '' of dying in jihad was arrested friday and charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at fort riley military base in kansas , authorities said . a second man , who allegedly knew about the bomb plot but did n't call authorities , was charged with failing to report a felony . john t. booker jr. of topeka , an american citizen also known as mohammed abdullah hassan , was taken into custody near manhattan , kansas , in a van that contained what he thought was a bomb , the criminal complaint said . the `` bomb '' had actually been put together by two confidential informants with nonexplosive materials , the complaint said . fort riley 's security was never breached and no people were in danger , the u.s. justice department said in a press release . booker enlisted in the army last year and was due to ship out to basic training april 7 , 2014 , said army spokesman wayne hall . the criminal complaint said the fbi questioned him march 24 , 2014 about comments posted on facebook , such as , `` getting ready to be killed in jihad is a huge adrenaline rush . i am so nervous . not because i 'm scare to die but i am eager to meet my lord . '' booker waived his miranda rights and told the agents he enlisted to commit an insider attack against american soldiers like maj. nidal hassan had done at fort hood , texas , the complaint said . hassan opened fire in a building in november 2009 , killing 13 people and wounding more than 30 . his enlistment was terminated march 24 , 2014 , at the request of army criminal investigation command , hall said . booker began communicating with a confidential informant later in 2014 , the complaint said , and often talked about his plans to engage in violent jihad in support of isis . he and the informant watched isis videos together , the complaint said , and booker talked about how he wanted to go to iraq and turn his weapon on american soldiers when ordered to shoot the enemy . on march 9 , booker said he believed isis wanted him to commit a truck bombing in the united states and thought a good target would be nearby fort riley , a large army base that 's home to the 1st infantry division , known as `` the big red one . '' booker said `` that detonating a suicide bomb is his no . 1 aspiration because he could n't be captured , all evidence would be destroyed and he would be guaranteed to hit his target , '' the criminal complaint said . he made a video with a fort riley airfield in the background and said isis was coming to kill american soldiers , both abroad and in the united states , the complaint said . booker acquired components for a bomb and rented a storage locker to store the components , the complaint said . the plan was for confidential informants to build a bomb and for booker to drive to fort riley and detonate it , the complaint said . but the bomb was built with `` inert '' parts and would never explode , the complaint said . on friday , the informants and booker drove to what booker thought was a little-used utility gate near fort riley , the complaint said . while booker was making final connections on the `` bomb , '' the fbi arrested him , the complaint said . he was charged with one count of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction , one count of attempting to damage property by means of an explosive and one count of attempting to provide material support to the islamic state of iraq , a designated foreign terrorist organization . if convicted , he could face life in prison . alexander e. blair , 28 , of topeka was taken into custody friday and charged with failing to report a felony . the fbi said agents interviewed blair after booker 's arrest . blair said he shared some of booker 's views , knew of his plans to detonate a vehicle bomb at fort riley and loaned him money to rent storage space , according to the fbi 's criminal complaint . he said he thought booker would carry out his plan but did not contact authorities , the complaint said . if convicted , blair faces a maximum of three years in prison .