( cnn ) it 's the kind of thing you see in movies , like robert redford 's role in `` all is lost '' or ang lee 's `` life of pi . '' but , in real life , it 's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days , weeks , if not months and somehow living to talk about it . miracles do happen , though , and not just in hollywood . we 're not talking about people who float aimlessly or run aground after running out of gas or being let down by faltering winds only to be picked up a few hours later by the u.s. coast guard . much rarer are cases in which individuals become lost at sea long enough that they run out of whatever food and drinking water they 'd brought aboard , if any . in order to survive , they ca n't bank on technology or the proximity of a nearby city , town or boat -- but instead must rely on ingenuity , resourcefulness and luck . it 's hard to say how many of these types of stories end sadly , with a sailor dying at sea , except that it is a much higher number than those that end in rescues . such happy endings do occur -- given what rescue agencies have reported and assuming you believe what any sole survivor says , a big qualifier since typically no one else can prove or refute their accounts . below are a few recent examples : louis jordan says that he set off on his 35-foot sailboat from south carolina in late january . he headed into the gulf stream looking for a good spot to catch fish . and then everything -- his boat , his life -- turned upside down . rescued man says he is ' utterly thankful ' . not only did his boat capsize , but its mast broke , jordan said . and so , too , did his shoulder . he bought time by rationing water , then collecting fresh water in a bucket . as to food , jordan says he used laundry to trap and scoop up fish . and he rigged a makeshift mast and sail . but , jordan said , `` it took so long . it moved so slowly . '' his sailboat would capsize two more times before crew members on a german-flagged container ship , the houston express , spotted jordan about 200 miles off the north carolina coast on thursday . after their reunion , his father greeted him with a hug and an admission every parent dreads . `` i thought i lost you . '' jose salvador alvarenga says his journey began in paredon viejo , a port on mexico 's pacific coast , in late 2012 . the exact date is up for debate -- he says he set off in december , locals say it was november . but what 's not in doubt is that , after he left , he disappeared . until january 2013 . that 's when alvarenga interacted with humans once again , thousands of miles away on a remote atoll in the marshall islands . castaway recounts how he survived over a year adrift in pacific . what was supposed to be a one-day trip , he says , turned into an arduous odyssey across the pacific ocean , one that saw him lose his fishing companion and tested his will and ability to survive . his nightmare began when winds blew the pair off course . then a storm hit causing their boat , which was about three people long and one wide , to lose its engine and use of its radio communication and gps systems . four weeks in , alvarenga said his partner -- 23-year-old ezequiel cordova , according to the boat 's owner -- died because he refused to eat raw birds . the days , weeks and months ran together after that . alvarenga says he drank rainwater and , when there was n't any available , his own urine . he ate sea turtles . then , after 13 or 14 months adrift , he and his small , heavily damaged boat arrived on the ebon atoll , about a 22-hour boat ride from the marshall islands capital of majuro . the atoll has one phone line , no internet service and a few residents , two of whom alvarenga spotted and shouted to after spending a night in the woods . the el salvador native told cnn that his faith in god helped him survive . `` i thought , ' i am going to get out , '' he said . `` get out , get out , get out . '' some in their late 60s might relax in their retirement , reining it in a few notches as life slows down . and if you live in hawaii , there 's even more reason to take it easy . the thing is : ron ingraham is n't one of those people . he 's a fisherman . the sea is both his life and livelihood , his son , zakary , told cnn . and he 's tough , with his son jokingly comparing him to rambo . still , even the hardiest fishermen would have been tested by what ron ingraham went through after setting off around last thanksgiving solo from the hawaiian island of molokai . son vindicated as father rescued after 12 days at sea . after bad weather hit , ron ingraham told cnn affiliate khnl/kgmb that his 25-foot sailboat went `` backwards all night long . '' at one point , a huge wave struck -- pushing his mast into the water and him as well . the 67-year-old used a rope to pull himself back in . but his boat could n't be rescued so easily , leaving him at the mercy of the current . a distress call went out , prompting a search that would cover 12,000 square miles . when a coast guard official told him the search was being called off december 1 , zakary ingraham responded , `` i do n't feel like he 's dead . i do n't feel it . '' he was right . twelve days after that first distress call , ron ingraham was picked up about 64 miles ( 103 kilometers ) south of honolulu `` weak , hungry and dehydrated '' and -- most importantly -- alive . the veteran fisherman headed back to shore only after getting assurances his damaged boat would come with him . in february 2012 , two friends asked 18-year-old adrian vasquez whether he wanted to tag along on an overnight fishing expedition . he said yes , and the three set off from the panama town of san carlos on a small boat , vasquez 's mother , nilsa de la cruz , recalled . things started out well , by all accounts . the three caught plenty of fish . then , their boat 's engine died without warning . and , with no tools and scant navigational experience , the trio did n't know what to do , according to vasquez 's mother . mother calls panama teen 's return ' a miracle ' . vazquez ate raw fish and drank rainwater as currents swept his boat , the fifty cents , further and further from the coast and into the pacific ocean . somewhere along the way , his two companions died . it 's not clear exactly how , with ecuadorian rear . adm. freddy garcia calle saying vasquez threw their bodies into the sea `` because they had become badly decomposed . '' some 26 days after and nearly 600 miles away from where the journey began , fishermen spotted the tiny vessel north of the galapagos islands . the ecuadorian navy came in and picked up the teenage survivor , who 'd lost 20 pounds and showed `` severe signs of dehydration and lack of nutrition , '' according to calle . he returned home to loved ones eager to embrace him , but mindful of giving him time to process the ordeal . `` for us , this is an opportunity to get closer as a family , '' his mother said by phone , `` to be more understanding and loving . '' sometimes one does n't have to be in the ocean for weeks to have his or her life imperiled . sometimes people do n't have to set off by boat to have the sea challenge them to the end . for proof , look no further than hiromitsu shinkawa . 60-year-old man waves red flag to alert rescuers . he was at home on march 11 , 2011 , when a massive 9.0 magnitude earthquake struck 231 miles northeast of tokyo . a devastating tsunami followed , its 30-foot waves ravaging cities and towns and damaging several nuclear reactors . by the time it had run the course , nearly 16,000 people were dead . it 's a miracle shinkawa was n't one of them . shortly after the quake , he and his wife had gone to collect some belongings when the tsunami slammed their hometown of minamisoma . his home was one of the tens of thousands destroyed by the the huge , powerful tsunami wave . `` i was saved by holding onto the roof , '' the 60-year-old said , according to kyodo news agency . `` but my wife was swept away . ' more than two days later , video showed shinkawa barely visible amid heaps of splintered wood , shattered homes and other debris floating more than nine miles ( 15 kilometers ) out to sea . he was waving a self-made red flag . after being spotted by crew aboard a japanese maritime self-defense force destroyer and picked up in a smaller rescue boat , he took a drink offered to him and burst into tears , kyodo reported . shinkawa told his rescuers , `` i thought today was the last day of my life . ''