rome ( cnn ) muslims who were among migrants trying to get from libya to italy in a boat this week threw 12 fellow passengers overboard -- killing them -- because the 12 were christians , italian police said thursday . italian authorities have arrested 15 people on suspicion of murdering the christians at sea , police in palermo , sicily , said . why migrants are dying to get to italy . the original group of 105 people left libya on tuesday in a rubber boat . sometime during the trip north across the mediterranean sea , the alleged assailants -- muslims from the ivory coast , mali and senegal -- threw the 12 overboard , police said . other people on the voyage told police that they themselves were spared `` because they strongly opposed the drowning attempt and formed a human chain , '' palermo police said . the boat was intercepted by an italian navy vessel , which transferred the passengers to a panamanian-flagged ship . that ship docked in palermo on wednesday , after which the arrests were made , police said . ' i enter europe or i die ' : desperate migrants rescued this week off italy . the 12 who died were from nigeria and ghana , police said . thousands of people each year make the dangerous sea journey from north africa to europe 's mediterranean coast , often aboard vessels poorly equipped for the trip . many of them attempt the voyage to flee war and poverty in africa and the middle east . more than 10,000 people have arrived on italian shores from libya since last weekend alone , according to the italian coast guard . many die each year while attempting the voyage , often when boats capsized . last year at least 3,200 died trying to make the trip . since 2000 , according to the international organization for migration , almost 22,000 people have died fleeing across the mediterranean . the iom reported thursday the latest boat to sink in trying to make the journey . only four people survived from the original 45 on board , bringing the estimated death toll so far this year close to a thousand . cnn 's hada messia reported from rome , and cnn 's livia borghese reported from augusta , sicily . cnn 's jason hanna wrote in atlanta . cnn 's ben wedeman contributed to this report .