( cnn ) if there 's one thing that hurts more than the saddle sores from cycling around china for 460 days , it 's having the bike you did it on stolen just days before completing your epic trip . that 's what happened to cyclist wang pingan as he neared the end of a two-wheel trek that covered thousands of miles through every major province in the vast country , according to local media . arriving in the southern city of shenzhen , in southern guandong province , wang locked up his trusty mountain bike , loaded with panniers , to check out electronics markets in the city 's huaqiangbei area . within 10 minutes the thieves struck . but here 's where the story takes an unexpected turn . despite police initially saying odds were stacked against the bike ever being recovered , shenzhen 's finest managed to track it down and return it . the southern metro news reported that police apprehended an alleged criminal and sent wang a photo of a bike they recovered . he recognized it instantly . they said the theft , from a road junction `` infested '' by cycle thieves was caught on surveillance cameras . the bike had likely been sold twice before being recovered . `` we do n't want this lad visiting shenzhen and having a bad memory of the city , '' a police spokesman told the paper . now , with 29,200 kilometers under his tires , wang can continue the final few days of his epic journey . he 'll be able to add his final destination , hainan island , to a route that has already taken in some of the country 's most far-flung places . among them are mohe in heilongjiang , china 's northernmost and coldest place , urumqi in the west and xishuangbanna dai autonomous prefecture in the southwest.. . wang , a recent university graduate , who embarked on his trip with a budget of little more than $ 100 , had earlier turned down offers from across china to help him get a new bike , vowing to walk if he could n't be reunited with his `` old lover . '' `` it has a special meaning to me , '' he said , according to smn . before the bike 's recovery , wang had posted a heart-rending tribute to his bike on social media , recalling their adventures together . `` the bicycle itself does n't have a high value , but spending more than a year with it , it 's like a best friend who has accompanied me on my way , and taken me to every place without complaints , '' he writes . `` thank you , my buddy , maybe i 'll never see you again ... i remember i cried during the difficult times at the beginning of the trip and you were by my side . '' cnn 's shen lu , maggie hiufu wong and barry neild contributed to this story .