lampedusa , italy ( cnn ) the cramped galley of the ship is filled with the smell of fresh garlic frying in olive oil . gaetano cortese , a tall , thin , sunburned 27-year veteran of italy 's guardia di finanza ( finance police ) is waxing eloquent on his favorite subject : food . `` we picked it this morning from the hills of lampedusa , '' he declares with a flourish , waving thin sprigs of wild asparagus under my nose . he demonstrates how you must break it apart with your fingers , bit by bit , until you get to the hard part , which you keep aside to boil down in water for the pasta sauce he is preparing with his shipmate , enzo idone . cooking , however , may be a positive distraction from dark memories . how i was smuggled into europe -- and why it was worth it . we boarded the finance police 's ship , the calabrese , in lampedusa harbor earlier in the evening . the calabrese regularly patrols the mediterranean off lampedusa , which is italy 's southernmost territory and just 70 miles , or just over 110 kilometers , from the tunisian coast . in recent years , it has been the first point of entry to europe for tens of thousands of migrants from africa and the middle east . a few years ago , the calabrese was on the look out for `` contrabandisti , '' smugglers trafficking in cigarettes and drugs . but in recent years , its 12-man crew has joined italy 's effort to rescue migrants coming from africa and the middle east . we spend seven hours on board the ship , but nothing much happens . we see some italian fishing boats the crew knew by sight . shortly after sunset , the calabrese 's captain , gianluca busonera , begins calling out quick orders to his men as we approach a small boat . the easy-going crew seem to tense up . one man turns on a bright spotlight and focuses the beam on the boat , while another with powerful binoculars read out the name on the back . busonera peers intently at the boat , which appears to be a fishing vessel , then shrugs . `` it 's fine , '' he tells me . `` if it were low in the water , we 'd know it was full of people , but this boat is riding high . '' he waves to the tunisian boat , where an older man in a jacket waves back . busonera gives him a thumbs up , and steers the ship to the right . it 's a routine evening for the calabrese , and that is just fine with the crew . they 've seen enough troubles in their time to appreciate an uneventful day 's work . back in the galley , i ask cortese about his worst experience while serving at sea with the guardia di finanza . he and most of his shipmates took part in the rescue effort on october 3 , 2013 , after a ship with hundreds of migrants had gone down off lampedusa . more than 350 people died in that disaster . the crew of the calabrese was able to rescue four of the survivors . cortese 's cheery demeanor suddenly becomes serious . `` i still remember pulling out of the water , with our hands , a young , pregnant woman who had just died , '' he recalls . `` there were children , '' adds his crewmate , idone , shaking his head . `` we recovered the bodies of children . it was a bad situation . i remember the body of a boy we recovered . we put him in a body bag . his head was in this hand , '' he said waving his hand as if he had just picked up the lifeless body . why migrants are risking their lives to reach italy . cortese and idone stress that as fathers , there is nothing worse than having to see the bodies of dead children . `` at the moment , '' recalls cortese , `` we were too busy to think about it , but when we go home , before going to sleep , it comes back to us . '' he emphasizes that he and his shipmates were just doing their duty as professional military men . out in the mediterranean , with no land in sight , you realize just how vast it is . and although it 's been warm on land in sicily recently , at night on the water , it 's cold and windy . on board the calabrese , we are warm , well-fed and in good company . the ship is well-maintained and equipped with state-of-the-art equipment , allowing busonera to plow confidently through the waves in the dark without fear of running into anything . it contrasts starkly with conditions migrants have recounted to us of the rickety boats and unseaworthy rubber dinghies they use to try to cross the mediterranean . often they 're without food , water or shelter , their boat 's crew inexperienced and untrained . that 's if they have a crew at all . many migrants have been beaten and robbed of all their possessions before they board . and unless a ship like the calabrese comes to their rescue , death at sea is a definite possibility .