( cnn ) eternally blooming in kolkata , india , along the hooghly river is malik ghat , a wholesale flower market that attracts more than 2,000 sellers each day . photographer ken hermann visited the market for his project `` flower man , '' which is a series of portraits that casts light upon the people behind the petals . when hermann was in kolkata working on another assignment , he went to the market as a tourist . after that first encounter with malik ghat , his captivation with the market did not diminish and he became intent on returning . `` ( the flower sellers ) woke my curiosity . but at that time , i did n't really have the time to do the project , '' hermann said . `` and this idea just kind of stuck in my head for almost two years . '' hermann was able to spend about 10 days at the market , and did not allow any challenges to hinder the completion of `` flower man . '' he said that in addition to language barriers and the heat of kolkata making communication complicated and shooting at certain times difficult , another adversity he faced was taking portraits of the female flower sellers . `` i had a really clear idea before i went ( to the market ) about what i wanted to do , '' hermann said . `` i wanted to shoot the sellers -- the male and the female sellers . '' but none of the female flower sellers wished to be a part of hermann 's project , so he focused only on those who were interested in and comfortable with having their portrait taken . for the portraits , hermann sought a neutral background . he first tried shooting under a bridge near the market , but quickly realized the lighting did not match the mood he wanted to create . he then decided to create the portraits by the hooghly river . this allowed him to combine the hazy smog in the air , sunlight from above and studio lights of his own , which culminated to produce a surreal effect and overexposed look that made his subjects stand out . `` all the pictures are shot within noon and 3 p.m. when you have the sun straight from above , which gives ( the portraits ) this very hard light , '' hermann said . `` and then i just used some studio light as a fill to make it a little bit more soft . '' although the composition of the majority of hermann 's portraits encompasses the flower sellers in front of a neutral background , other portraits forgo this characteristic and consequently bring a sense of movement and fluidity to `` flower man . '' viewers may see people or a dog appearing in a frame , or even birds flying in the sky and a boat floating in the water . one of the reasons hermann did not create the flower sellers ' portraits directly inside the market is because of the hectic atmosphere . hermann compares malik ghat to the environments of financial trading and fish markets . `` it 's impossible to shoot at the market , especially if you want a clean and quiet background , because there 's so much going on , '' hermann said . social media . follow @ cnnphotos on twitter to join the conversation about photography . similar to the commitment needed to effectively and successfully operate within the financial and food industries , hermann emphasized that the competitive atmosphere of the market and work ethic of the flower sellers was a major factor in whether a seller would agree to have their portrait made . `` all the other sellers -- they are so busy , so just convincing them to go near the river to get their portrait done and spend maybe 15 minutes of their time was a challenge , '' hermann said . `` because every minute they 're not standing in the flower ( market ) , they lose money . '' hermann said that another important reason some flower sellers decided not to be photographed was because flowers are highly valued in india and serve as a prominent feature during many events and moments in people 's lives , including everything from religious rituals and festivals to weddings and parties . `` some of the flowers , ( the sellers ) did n't allow us to take pictures of because they 're flowers used for offering in the temple , '' hermann said . `` it was more a problem about the flowers than actually the guy behind , because they did n't want us to take the pictures because ( the flowers would ) lose their purity . '' challenging perceptions and breaking down barriers are underlying elements within `` flower man . '' hermann said viewers must not make assumptions about the socioeconomic status of the sellers , nor should they view the sellers through a fixed , rigid lens regarding the behaviors and roles associated with gender . noticeable throughout the portraits is that none of the sellers is smiling , which is usually a behavior people tend to exhibit when in the presence of a camera . the lack of a smile enhances the organic nature of `` flower man , '' making the portraits a powerful representation of unforced and unfabricated human emotion . `` if you want to take pictures in india , people tend to just stand up and look proud and strong , '' hermann said . `` it 's very different from the western world because if you take pictures here , people tend to smile . '' like people , flowers come in all shapes , sizes and colors . when viewing hermann 's photos , this fact leaves viewers to consider if it is not the flowers that are decorations , but rather the sellers who bring vibrancy to the flowers . in the portrait of sanju joshi , for example , he is engulfed in endless layers of orange . `` they use these flowers in temples and all over india , so that 's one of the more common flowers at the market , '' hermann said . `` i really like that picture because they carry the flowers like it is a dress . you should see when they walk through the flower market , it 's almost like ( the flowers are ) all alive . '' similarly , the abundant leaves come to life in odhir gayen 's portrait . `` these are a special kind of leaves , and many of ( the sellers ) carry them on their head and ( on their ) arms , '' hermann said . `` and when they walk around , it 's almost like a human bush or something like that . '' hermann plans to return to malik ghat and looks forward not only to the opportunity to photograph different kinds of flowers -- as the range varies based on the seasons -- but also to the chance to present the flower sellers featured in `` flower man '' with their portraits . `` i enjoyed this project , '' hermann said . `` there 's a lot of photographers going to india and then showing a poor , bad situation . ... i have a totally different approach . i want to show some more proudness and find the beauty of people . '' ken hermann is a photographer based in copenhagen . you can follow him on facebook , twitter and instagram .