( cnn ) the man who beat serial killer jeffrey dahmer to death inside a wisconsin prison says he did it because of dahmer 's creepy sense of humor -- which included turning prison food into fake limbs covered with ketchup to resemble blood , the new york post reports . christopher scarver , who was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing dahmer and another man at columbia correctional institution in 1994 , said the confessed cannibal would leave the fake limbs around the prison where others would find them . `` he crossed the line with some people -- prisoners , prison staff , '' the newspaper quoted scarver as saying . `` some people who are in prison are repentant -- but he was not one of them . '' in a separate story , the post quotes dahmer 's former prison minister as saying the convict would make jokes about this cannibalistic past . `` if he saw a guard that was nervous and standing near enough to hear him , he would say , ' i bite , ' '' the newspaper quoted the pastor , roy ratcliff , as saying . `` usually the guard would jump away and that would make jeff laugh . '' `` he sort of played with his persona to exaggerate it and make people more fearful , '' ratcliff said . `` this was just his way — a morbid humor to deal with his hopeless situation . '' scarver was convicted of killing dahmer on november 28 , 1994 . he told the post that he killed dahmer and another inmate , jesse anderson , after an altercation while they were together unsupervised on a work detail . scarver said he kept a newspaper article detailing dahmer 's crimes , which included killing 17 men and boys between 1978 and 1991 , having sex with corpses , keeping some of the body parts and eating others . just before he killed dahmer , scarver said , he confronted him with the clipping . `` i asked him if he did those things 'cause i was fiercely disgusted . he was shocked . yes , he was , '' the post quoted scarver as saying . scarver said he hit dahmer twice in the head with a metal bar from a weight room . he then killed anderson , who was working in a different room .