( cnn ) recently , robert kennedy jr. was in sacramento , california , to campaign against senate bill 227 , which makes it harder for parents to opt out of vaccinations . in his remarks at an anti-vaccination movie screening , he decided to compare `` vaccine-induced '' autism to the holocaust . he said , `` they get the shot , that night they have a fever of a hundred and three , they go to sleep , and three months later their brain is gone , '' kennedy said . `` this is a holocaust , what this is doing to our country . '' a few days later , he apologized to people who were outraged on behalf of the memory of the holocaust . to many , it 's sacrilege to compare any lesser issue to the horrors perpetrated by the nazis . in a statement , kennedy said , `` i want to apologize to all whom i offended by my use of the word to describe the autism epidemic . i employed the term during an impromptu speech as i struggled to find an expression to convey the catastrophic tragedy of autism , which has now destroyed the lives of over 20 million children and shattered their families . '' robert kennedy jr. has apologized for the wrong things . first and foremost , vaccines do not cause autism . the two have nothing to do with each other . second , he seems to think people with autism are `` gone , '' their lives `` destroyed '' and their families `` shattered . '' autism is not a death sentence . people with autism are not missing or destroyed . they are everywhere , trying to live their lives in a society that too often demeans them as subhuman , missing or worthless . kennedy 's rhetoric is a problem , even beyond the fraudulent basis for his claims about vaccines . people who believe autism is an environmental disease try to cure kids with quack treatments like giving them bleach-based enemas . others , believing autism functions as a death sentence , even kill their children . i am worried about the effect of having such a powerful , high-profile member of our political class endorse this demeaning depiction of life with autism . i reached out to a number of autistic activists for comment . ari ne'eman , president of the autistic self-advocacy network , wrote , `` robert kennedy jr , who has engaged with autism only to spread lies , misinformation and dehumanizing rhetoric , has never meaningfully engaged in efforts to improve the lives of autistic americans . while his father , uncle and many others in the kennedy-shriver family championed the rights of people with disabilities , he has instead cast his lot with those who use pseudo-science to question our humanity . '' these are harsh words , but try to see the situation through ne'eman 's eyes . not only is kennedy perpetuating a discredited theory , but he 's also suggesting that it 's better to let your children get preventable and sometimes fatal diseases than risk becoming autistic . the usual response to people like ne'eman is that he is `` high functioning , '' but what of the burden to families who are struggling to care for less able individuals ? henry frost , an autistic teenager and writer , is devastated by this focus on burden . last year , he wrote a post to other autistic children : `` know you are not a burden or trouble for being . you are a person who has every right to be . a family that is saying love but saying you are so hard so wrong for not being as they wanted . the family is wrong . not you . '' meanwhile , amy sequenzia , an autistic activist and blogger , wrote , `` i am very disabled , have most of the usual not autism but co-occurring conditions , seizures almost every day , but am happy , proud and accomplished , with the human supports i have . that 's what is missing . acceptance . '' as children , sequenzia and frost might well have been just the kinds of people labeled as `` gone , '' by kennedy . clearly , both are very much present . the solution lies in understanding autism and related conditions as part of human diversity . michael s. monje jr. , an autistic writer and editor with autonomous press , wrote , `` the neurodiversity movement is a direct counter to this kind of attitude . it is a way for autistic people , as well as anyone else who experiences the world differently due to their neurology , to assert that these natural divergences in human development are just that -- natural . the fact that they are largely unsupported by our society as it is currently configured does not make them in any way less natural , less worthy , or less beautiful than other ways of being in the world . '' i wish kennedy realized how much his apology demeaned people with intellectual disabilities , even as he defended the sacred status of the holocaust . there is , though , one story from the holocaust that he might do well to consider . the first group the nazis systematically exterminated , in the infamous action t4 , were people with intellectual and other kinds of disabilities . thousands of children , adolescents and adults were sent to gas chambers , laying the groundwork for the later , larger scale acts of genocide . underlying action t4 was the belief that people with disabilities were devoid of value . we fight those beliefs by celebrating neurodiversity , not by fearmongering . kennedy owes a lot of people another apology .