atlanta ( cnn ) silently moving deep beneath the ocean 's surface , combat submarines can employ the element of surprise to carry out devastating attacks on naval fleets and land targets . for decades , the u.s. military has maintained its dominance in the depths of the world 's oceans by boasting the most technologically advanced submarine fleet . however , officials say china and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces . and , according to a report by the center for strategic and budgetary assessments , the u.s. must rethink the role of manned submarines and prioritize new underwater detection techniques . `` we know they are out experimenting and looking at operating , and clearly want to be in this world of advanced submarines , '' vice adm. joseph mulloy told the house armed services committee 's sea power subcommittee in february . mulloy , who is deputy chief of naval operations for capabilities and resources , says chinese submarines are still technologically inferior to those used by the united states , but that margin of difference is shrinking . concern that china could match u.s. underwater capabilities in the near future has encouraged the development of an unmanned drone ship to independently track enemy ultra-quiet diesel electric submarines over thousands of miles to limit their tactical capacity for surprise . initiated by a pentagon research group called the defense advanced research projects agency ( darpa ) , the anti-submarine warfare continuous trail vessel ( actuv ) would be able to operate under with little supervisory control but also as remotely controlled or piloted vessels , depending on the circumstances of specific missions . `` we 're looking for test-ready , multi-sensor approaches that push the boundaries of today 's automated sensing systems for unmanned surface vessels , '' said scott littlefield , darpa program manager . `` enhancing the ability of these kinds of vessels to sense their environment in all weather and traffic conditions , day or night , would significantly advance our ability to conduct a range of military missions . '' darpa says the so-called drone ships will be 132 feet long and likely cost about $ 20 million , significantly less than the billion-dollar manned warships currently in use . the development of the actuv aligns with the `` culture change '' described by navy secretary ray mabus tuesday at the navy league 's sea air space symposium at national harbor , maryland . `` unmanned systems , particularly autonomous ones , have to be the new normal in ever-increasing areas , '' maybus said . maybus said new staff will be put into place to help streamline , coordinate and champion unmanned systems in `` all domains . '' an actuv prototype vessel is already in production and , if testing is successful , the navy could move to the next phase of development by 2018 .