tripoli , libya ( cnn ) it took one somali woman seven months and 4,000 miles to trek to libya . from there , she hoped to cross the mediterranean sea so her baby could be born in europe . she did n't get there . she was arrested as she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside tripoli . other pregnant women fleeing repression have come to libya -- many fleeing fighting that refuses to stop . they , like male migrants , are willing to risk their lives on crowded boats to make the final part of the trip . the somali woman 's baby , sabrine , was born a week after she was detained . libyan officials are in a quandary . the prison head admitted to cnn there is no system in place to send these people home , jail them or let them go . about one-third of the migrants are from eritrea on the east coast of africa . they denied they were heading to europe and told cnn they just want to go home , which is several thousands of miles away . in one sense , they are fortunate , even though the time in prison seems like forever . they are alive . many others have died when smugglers ' ships sink . bodies wash up on libyan beaches . they are anonymous -- no ids , no links to who they were and what was in their past that drove them to try the dangerous trip . in malta , there are similar stories of death . on thursday , the bare , stark caskets came in one by one on the shoulders of maltese soldiers . the tears soon came along with them . that was the scene in a tent outside the mater dei hospital in valletta , malta , a chance for citizens and dignitaries to remember 24 of what 's thought to be hundreds of migrants killed when their crammed ship sank in the mediterranean sea . almost all the other victims have n't been accounted for yet , with the presumption that their bodies remain trapped inside the 66-foot ( 20-meter ) boat that capsized late saturday roughly 70 miles ( 113 kilometers ) north of libya . italian authorities have said that many of the estimated 850 aboard had been locked in the ship 's lower levels with no way out . why i fled : migrants share their stories . the tragedy has prompted questions about the growing migrant crisis facing europe , as well as about who is responsible for saturday 's tragedy . the catania , italy , prosecutor 's office announced tuesday that the vessel 's 27-year-old captain , mohammed ali malek , and crew member mahmud bikhit have been arrested on suspicion of `` reckless shipwreck , multiple manslaughter ( and ) abetting clandestine immigration '' for their roles in the disaster . those questions still need to be answered . but thursday , at least , was a day for reflection -- about lives snuffed out simply because people wanted a better life . `` this event reminds us that we are all immigrants and our life is a journey of migration , '' imam mohammed el sadi said at thursday 's funeral . `` our grandparents adam and eve , peace be onto them , emigrated from heaven to earth . we emigrated from our mothers ' wombs to this world , and we will immigrate to the graves . '' the deaths are the latest illustration of the increasing flow of migrants from north africa and the middle east through the mediterranean and into europe -- assuming they survive the trip . gemma parkin , a spokeswoman for save the children , said that the number of migrants who have fled to find refuge in europe has skyrocketed 70 % this year over last , a dramatic rise that she attributed mostly to the deteriorating security situation in libya . about 8 % of the recorded migrants between january and april 19 of this year are children , parkin said . of those , 70 % are n't unaccompanied by adults -- some of them as young as 9 years old . such numbers represent only people rescued at sea or caught once they reach land . frontex , the european union 's border management agency , says that many illegal immigrants get through without being detected ; moreover , most of them come in legally via airports and then overstay their visas . cnn 's nick paton walsh reported from tripoli and cnn 's steve almasy and greg botelho wrote in atlanta . cnn 's ingrid formanek in catania , italy , contributed to this report .