( cnn ) the coxes can rest more comfortably living in georgia now that their 5-year-old daughter can get the marijuana extract she needs . `` this means the world to us , '' said haleigh cox 's mother , janea cox . gov . nathan deal signed a bill thursday that will legalize low-thc cannabis oil for certain `` medication-resistant epilepsies , '' while creating an infrastructure , registration process and research program for the drug . ( thc is the primary psychoactive substance in marijuana . ) the bill is dubbed haleigh 's hope act . haleigh , who has been the face of the bill , was having hundreds of seizures a day and the five potent drugs meant to control them were n't making life better for the little girl . janea cox said in a march 2014 interview that she made the difficult decision to move her daughter to colorado , where medical marijuana is legal , in hopes of saving her life . `` she was maxed out , '' cox said . `` she 'd quit breathing several times a day , and the doctors blamed it on the seizure medications . '' 10 diseases marijuana could affect . cox had heard that a form of medical marijuana might help , but it was n't available in georgia . so a week after hearing a doctor 's diagnosis that haleigh might not live another three months , she and haleigh packed up and moved to colorado springs , colorado . there , haleigh began a regimen of cannabis oil : four times a day and once at night . `` every time she smiled i knew we did the right thing , because we had n't seen her smile in three years , '' cox said . `` now she 's thriving , she 's healthy , she 's happy , and they 're absolutely shocked at the difference . so i think we 've turned some nonbelievers into believers of cannabis oil . '' deal is apparently one of those believers , signing hb1 on thursday and opening the door for the use of cannabis oil to treat certain medical conditions . the bill will benefit not only people who suffer from chronic seizure disorders , but it also will allow patients to receive in-state treatment . to obtain a license in georgia , you will need to have a specific covered condition , such as acute seizures . `` for the families enduring separation and patients suffering pain , the wait is finally over , '' deal said thursday . `` ... now , georgia children and their families may return home while continuing to receive much-needed care . '' for cox , it 's a blessing `` to be able to come back home , and with haleigh 's medicine , it 's done wonders for her -- going from 200-plus seizures a day and on her deathbed to a smiling , happy girl who says words now and looks us in the eye and lets us know she 's in there . '' she added , `` colorado has been good to us , but georgia 's home . georgia 's definitely home . '' with medical marijuana legal in nearly half the states , doctors are increasingly studying what effect the drug has on various ailments . while georgia 's law is specific to a handful of conditions , medical marijuana laws in states such as california permit marijuana use for an array of ailments . but as states rewrite their regulations , federal law remains the same : marijuana is illegal to grow , sell or use for any purpose . under the controlled substances act , marijuana is listed on schedule 1 , meaning it has `` no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse . '' to backers of reform , it presents a catch-22 : marijuana is restricted , in large part , because there is scant research to support medical uses , yet research is difficult to conduct because of tight restrictions .