( cnn ) the baltimore mother who slapped her son several times and pulled him out of a protest told cnn on wednesday she was n't concerned that she might be embarrassing her son . `` not at all , '' toya graham told cnn 's `` anderson cooper 360˚ '' in an interview that aired wednesday night . `` he was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie and doing what he was doing . '' the video of graham yanking her son , michael singleton , and slapping him with a right hand as cnn affiliate wmar recorded has led to the internet calling graham # motheroftheyear . many people have praised the unemployed , single mother of six for going to the mondawmin mall and getting her son away from the escalating violence . graham told cooper that she saw her son with a brick in his hand , and she lost control of her emotions and told him to drop it . wednesday night : across united states , protests in support of baltimore demonstrators . `` i did ( get emotional ) . you know , once he threw that rock down i said , ' you were n't brought up like this , ' `` graham said . he 's not a perfect child , but he 's also not a thug , she said . the 16-year-old boy said he understood that his mother was there looking out for him . `` she did n't want me to get in trouble ( with the ) law . she did n't want me to be like another freddie gray , '' he said , referring to the 25-year-old man who died of a severe spinal injury after being arrested by baltimore police . gray 's death has sparked daily protests over police brutality . there have also been riots and looting that prompted the city to put a curfew into effect . graham said her son told her the night before the violence at the mall that something was up . she told him then and the next morning not to go . he swore to her he would n't . her motherly sense kicked in when she heard school had closed early and the mall was shutting down , too . she went to the mall and focused on the teens who were tossing rocks and bricks . there he was , in sweatpants she recognized . they made eye contact . he had a brick in his hand , and that set her off . wednesday night : marchers back in the streets of baltimore . `` i was so angry with him that he had made a decision to do some harm to the police officers , '' she said . she yelled at him to put the brick down . singleton said he had seen her , but it did n't make sense that his mother would be there . but when he heard her voice , he realized it really was his mom -- and he was in big trouble . then the camera captured her memorable smackdown . `` it was just world war iii from right there , '' he said , showing some humor about the incident . graham noticed the tv crew but did n't think anything of it . and she did n't care . `` i was n't there to be recorded . i was there to get my child , '' she said . tameka brown , one of graham 's five daughters , told cnn on tuesday it was n't that hard for her mom to spot her 16-year-old half-brother . `` she knows her son and picked him out . even with the mask on , she knew , '' brown said . brown said her mother is always looking out for her children . `` she has always been tough and knows where we are at , '' brown said . graham said she tries to steer her son away from potential trouble and troublemakers . `` as long as i have breath in my body i will always try to do right by michael and show him what 's going on out in society does n't have to be you , '' she told cnn . her son said that once they got home from the mall he understood why she pulled him out of the crowd . `` i was embarrassed a little bit , until she just started talking to me when we got home , '' he said . `` ( she was ) just telling me she did it because she cared about me . and it was n't to embarrass me , but because she cared . '' cnn 's elise miller and anneclaire stapleton contributed to this report . watch anderson cooper 360° weeknights 8pm et . for the latest from ac360° click here .