london ( cnn ) the hatton garden heist , as it will surely come to be known , was every safe deposit box holder 's nightmare , every movie director 's dream . thieves using heavy cutting equipment and rappelling gear broke into the vault of an esteemed 60-year-old safe deposit company in the heart of london over the past holiday weekend , possibly taking advantage of as many as four days to rifle through an uncounted number of safe deposit boxes . and they reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash -- even , in the educated guess of one former police official , as much as 200 million pounds , or $ 300 million . police were offering few details wednesday of the robbery at hatton garden safe deposit ltd. detectives on the scene were carrying out a `` slow and painstaking '' forensic examination , police said in a statement . `` officers anticipate the process to take approximately two days , '' the statement said . `` at this stage it is believed that approximately 60-70 safe deposit boxes were opened during the burglary . officers are working closely with hatton garden safe deposit ltd to establish the identities of those affected . police will be contacting victims directly as and when they are identified . '' watch : top five jewelry heists . throughout the day wednesday , customers of the business went in and out of the premises , clearly unhappy about not being able to learn whether their boxes were among those ransacked . hatton garden is a storied area in london and the heart of the city 's diamond trade . the area 's promotional website says it is home to `` the largest and most concentrated cluster of jewellery retailers in the uk '' and has been for quite some time . `` history tells us that the old city of london had certain streets -- or quarters -- dedicated to specific types of business , '' the website says . `` the hatton garden area has been the epicentre of london 's jewellery trade since medieval times . `` today , it maintains its international reputation as the centre of london 's diamond trade . it is one of the finest and most renowned jewellery locations in the world . '' $ 4.8m in gold swiped from n.c. highway . but how ? the police statement did not put a value on the amount of the haul . but numerous british news organizations put the figure in the hundreds of thousands of pounds , which translates into even more hundreds of thousands of dollars . many of those who rent safe deposit boxes at the company are reportedly in the jewelry trade . but roy ramm , a former chief of the flying squad , an economic crime unit of london 's metropolitan police service , came up with a much higher guess . `` i would not be surprised , given where this one is , in hatton garden , if 200 million pounds is around about the amount stolen , '' ramm said on bbc radio 4 . because of the long easter weekend , police did not hear of the robbery until tuesday morning . this may prove to be an embarrassment , as the telegraph newspaper reported that the alarm at the business sounded friday but , as the front and back doors still appeared locked , no action was taken . the website of hatton garden safe deposit ltd. says the company was founded in 1954 and offers a `` secure and cost-effective solution to store and protect important and irreplaceable personal belongings . '' robbers target security vans in france jewel heist .