( cnn ) while the fight against isis in syria and iraq holds the world 's gaze , a simultaneous transformation is getting less attention : the deterioration of al qaeda . in an audio message released sunday , al qaeda confirmed that two of its leaders , known as ustad ahmad farooq and qari abdullah mansur , were killed in cia drone strikes in january in north waziristan , near the afghan-pakistan border . farooq 's real name was raja mohammad suleman , al qaeda said . he was a pakistani who acted as the group 's liaison to the pakistan taliban and was the deputy commander of al qaeda 's south asia branch . ( mansur 's real name was qari ubaidullah , a pakistani who oversaw suicide missions against u.s. and nato troops in afghanistan ) . al qaeda 's south asia branch is relatively new , announced with some fanfare back in september by al qaeda 's top leader , ayman al-zawahiri . the creation of the terror group 's south asia branch was seen by some terrorism analysts as an attempt to steal some of the limelight from isis , which is embroiled in a public dispute with al qaeda for leadership of the global jihad movement . the deaths of the two men continue the decimation of al qaeda 's bench of leaders . on monday , in the southern pakistani city of karachi , local al qaeda commander nurul hassan was killed in a raid , said arif hanif , district inspector general of police . florida-raised adnan shukrijumah , 39 , who was in charge of al qaeda 's operations to attack the west , was killed in december in a pakistani military operation . texas-born mohanad mahmoud al farekh , who also played a planning role for al qaeda 's operations , was arrested in pakistan last year . the deaths of ubaidullah and suleman underline the fact that there are almost no top leaders of al qaeda left except al-zawahiri . both ubaidullah and suleman were pakistani . this is an indicator of how al qaeda has become a largely pakistan-focused group , increasingly able to do nothing of any significance outside of pakistan or afghanistan . indeed , al qaeda has virtually no capacity to carry out attacks in the west . the last successful al qaeda attack in the west was the london transportation system bombings a decade ago . al qaeda is now reduced only to holding american hostages such as 73-year-old aid worker warren weinstein , who was kidnapped from his home in the pakistani city of lahore on august 13 , 2011 . to be sure , al qaeda 's yemen-based affiliate , al qaeda in the arabian peninsula , or aqap , continues to pose a threat to american aviation . the group has built hard-to-detect bombs , which it has placed on u.s.-bound flights . luckily , those bombs were faulty or were detected . the group also trained one of the gunmen who attacked the offices of the satirical magazine charlie hebdo in paris in january , killing 12 , but it 's not clear if aqap had any direct role in planning this attack . meanwhile , isis continues to attract western recruits and also inspire `` homegrown '' terrorists in the west , but the core al qaeda organization that killed almost 3,000 men , women and children on 9/11 is on life support . al qaeda 's confirmation of the deaths of ubaidullah and suleman is just one of the latest pieces of evidence for this assessment .