( cnn ) living under isis . selling girl scout cookies . and giving some lip -- like kylie jenner . these are the best videos of the week . in the west , isis is widely known for its terrorist actions . but for some communities , the group is the local governing authority , picking up garbage and directing traffic . cnn 's atika shubert explains how isis functions as a state . the video is at the top of this story . it 's an annual tradition : girl scouts sell cookies -- and , in the millions , we buy them . but is this the best way for them to raise money ? cnn 's richard roth asks about a sweet tradition that 's leaving some with a bitter taste . watch the video : the use of marijuana has long been a source of controversy , but on movies and tv shows , it 's also long been a source of humor . cnn 's lisa france has a blunt look at the herb in pop culture . watch the video : many climate scientists believe that an increase of 2 degrees celsius in the global average temperature could be the tipping point for climate change . cnn 's john d. sutter takes a measure . watch the video : back in the '50s , `` the blob '' was a low-budget horror/sci-fi film . today , it 's reality , as `` blobs '' of warm water in the pacific ocean may be having an impact on storms and marine life . cnn 's jennifer gray takes a look . watch the video : a newly discovered frog has a distinct resemblance to a certain `` not easy being green '' muppet , kermit the frog . kermit himself noted the similarities . so what is this amphibian ? watch the video : in another attempt to keep up with the kardashians , some children and teens are using suction to make their lips look just like kyle jenner's.the # kyliejennerchallenge has n't escaped notice . watch the video : `` iron man '' robert downey jr. was distinctly flinty when dealing with the questions of a british interviewer . he finally walked out -- and he has n't been the only one to decide to take off his microphone . watch the video : you 've heard of drones in the air . now the pentagon is working on drones at sea -- and they could be valuable tools in tracking enemy ships . watch the video : recent incidents have brought attention to the question of when police are allowed to use deadly force . cnn legal analyst sunny hostin looks at the laws for law enforcement . watch the video : michelle obama is 51 years old -- but she certainly does n't look it , particularly in the eyes of one youngster . watch the video :