( cnn ) warren weinstein , who appears to have been the only american citizen held hostage by al qaeda , was accidentally killed in a u.s. drone strike in january . but it did n't have to be that way . a senior u.s. official familiar with the handling of the issue told cnn that the u.s. government made no serious effort to negotiate for the 73-year-old development expert 's release , either directly to al qaeda or through proxies in pakistan . another senior u.s. official told cnn that weinstein 's capture by al qaeda made it hard for the united states to negotiate , even though proxies such as the pakistani government have links to intermediaries who might have helped . a senior pakistani official told cnn that after weinstein was kidnapped , the pakistani government put out feelers to members of the militant haqqani network and to the pakistani taliban , which are both allied to al qaeda , to see if these groups might be able to initiate some kind of negotiation about weinstein . according to the official , nothing came of those feelers . the senior pakistani official says that during the past year pakistani soldiers , who were part of a military offensive in the tribal area of north waziristan near the afghan-pakistan border where weinstein was believed to be being held , went door-to-door looking for the american . nothing came of this search either . on thursday , the u.s. government announced that weinstein had been killed in a `` counterterrorism operation '' in january , which is how the government often describes cia drone strikes . according to new america , which tracks drone strikes in pakistan , cia drone attacks happened in shawal , north waziristan , on january 19 in which at least four militants were killed ; also on january 15 in tehsil ladha , south waziristan , in which at least five militants were killed ; and on january 4 in datta khel , south waziristan , in which at least eight militants were killed . it is in one of these strikes that weinstein was almost certainly killed . lt. col. jason amerine , a planner on the u.s. army staff , is under investigation over a purported unauthorized disclosure to u.s. rep. duncan hunter 's office , which has demonstrated a strong interest in the fate of american hostages held by al qaeda and the taliban . a plan was developed in the pentagon to secure the release of weinstein , according to a staff member on hunter 's committee . that plan was to release haji bashir noorzai , a prominent and influential member of the taliban who is in prison in the states on drug trafficking charges , in exchange for u.s. army sgt . bowe berghdal , who was held by the taliban until last year ; taliban hostages caitlin coleman , a u.s. citizen , and her husband , canadian joshua boyle ; and dr. shakil afridi , who spied for the cia in pakistan and was being held in a pakistani prison , as well as weinstein . it 's not clear how far this plan of action went . amerine is invoking whistleblower protection and denies making an unauthorized disclosure . hunter , a california republican , released a statement thursday , saying , `` the only government organization seriously developing options to recover weinstein and others in the afghanistan/pakistan region was within the pentagon -- led by war hero jason amerine . '' as an army captain , amerine led a small detachment of u.s. special forces into afghanistan in november 2001 in the wake of the september 11 attacks on the united states . the operation was instrumental in helping to topple the taliban and to install hamid karzai as the new leader of afghanistan . who exactly carried out weinstein 's kidnapping from his house 3½ years ago in the pakistani megacity of lahore has until now not been clear . a senior pakistani counterterrorism official told cnn that members of the islamic movement of uzbekistan , or imu , kidnapped weinstein at his lahore home on august 13 , 2011 . imu is an uzbek terrorist group headquartered in the tribal regions of pakistan along its border with afghanistan . according to the pakistani official , the leader of the weinstein kidnapping cell was a relative of tahir yuldashev , the former imu leader killed in a cia drone strike in the pakistani tribal regions in 2009 . the initial lead that traced the weinstein kidnapping to the imu came from another high-profile kidnapping in pakistan two weeks after weinstein 's abduction . shahbaz taseer , the son of a leading pakistani liberal politician salman taseer -- who was killed by pakistani militants eight months earlier -- was kidnapped in lahore on august 26 , 2011 . at the scene of taseer 's kidnapping one of the kidnappers dropped a cell phone and sim card that eventually led pakistani officials to focus on the imu group in lahore , according to the senior pakistani counterterrorism official . the police subsequently arrested three uzbeks and four pakistanis who were part of the imu cell that had carried out the weinstein kidnapping . members of the imu cell told pakistani interrogators that after they had kidnapped weinstein they moved him while he was tranquilized and semi-conscious among three safe houses in lahore . imu members then took weinstein to the federally administered tribal areas in pakistan , a semi-autonomous region along the border with afghanistan where al qaeda and other militant groups are headquartered . there weinstein was given or , more likely , sold to al qaeda , according to the senior pakistani official . who was warren weinstein ? weinstein had spent his life helping others , working in the fields of aid and development . he held a doctorate in international law and economics from columbia university and spoke more than half a dozen languages . after his capture , the leader of al qaeda , ayman al-zawahiri , demanded the end of cia drone strikes in pakistan and the release of terrorists held in u.s. custody in exchange for weinstein 's freedom . on september 12 , 2012 , weinstein appeared in a video produced by al qaeda 's production arm in which he said that the obama administration had shown `` no interest in my case . '' he then appealed to israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu from `` one jew to another '' to intervene . the obama administration is in the midst of a review of its hostage policy , which has been criticized by some families whose loved ones have been taken hostage by isis , al qaeda or the taliban . the key problems these families point to are lack of communication by the u.s. government about their loved ones and a lack of coordination within the government about how best to free them . the cia , for instance , is focused on drone strikes and counterterrorism operations , while the fbi has responsibility for retrieving american hostages . often these goals are not in alignment -- as was clearly the case with weinstein . the cia could have exercised more due diligence knowing that weinstein was almost certainly being held in north waziristan . there are some solutions for these problems . first , families should be granted security clearances by the u.s. government for the purpose of having classified information disclosed to them only about their captive loved ones . right now , the u.s. government wo n't communicate much with the families about their loved ones because the relatives do n't have the requisite security clearances . should families abuse their clearances , they would no longer receive classified information about their loved ones , which is a strong incentive not to abuse them . second , president barack obama should appoint a senior-level person , perhaps working in the white house on the national security council , to oversee the work of the cia , fbi , state department and the joint special operations command , which implements hostage rescues . all these organizations have key roles to play in getting american hostages home . that person must be sufficiently senior so he or she can make all the relevant agencies play well together and `` de-conflict '' any potential issues , such as the ones that surfaced in the weinstein case . third , while the u.s. government position is that it will not make concessions to terrorist groups , there is nothing in american policy to prevent another government from negotiating with terrorists to secure the release of u.s. citizens , and this should be encouraged , even if there is some quid pro quo involved . this is what happened in the case of the american journalist peter theo curtis , who was captured by al qaeda 's affiliate in syria in 2012 , but was released last year after the qatari government intervened in his case . the qataris have had longstanding ties to the militant groups in syria , including the al qaeda affiliate holding curtis , and while qatari officials have denied paying ransom to free curtis , it 's unlikely that the journalist was freed just because the members of al qaeda holding him were suddenly feeling like good guys . curtis ' successful release could provide a ray of hope for u.s. citizen caitlin coleman and her husband , canadian joshua boyle , who were captured by the taliban in 2012 when they were traveling on a trip through afghanistan . a senior american official told cnn they are being held by the haqqani network . the pakistani government has contacts with the haqqani network , and the u.s. government should ratchet up the pressure on the pakistani government to secure the couple 's release . in captivity , coleman , who was pregnant at the time she was taken hostage , had a child . the name of the child is unknown .