( cnn ) dan swangard knows what death looks like . as a physician , he has seen patients die in hospitals , hooked to morphine drips and overcome with anxiety . he has watched dying drag on for weeks or months as terrified relatives stand by helplessly . recently , however , his thoughts about how seriously ill people die have become personal . swangard was diagnosed in 2013 with a rare form of metastatic cancer . to remove the cancer , surgeons took out parts of his pancreas and liver , as well as his entire spleen and gallbladder . the operation was successful but swangard , 48 , knows there 's a strong chance the disease will return . and if he gets to a point where there 's nothing more medicine can do , he wants to be able to control when and how his life ends . `` it 's very real for me , '' said swangard , who lives in bolinas , calif. `` this could be my own issue a year from now . '' that 's one of the reasons swangard joined a california lawsuit last month seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medications to certain patients who want to hasten death . if he were given only months to live , swangard said , he ca n't say for certain whether he would take them . `` but i want to be able to make that choice , '' he said . the right-to-die movement has gained renewed momentum in california and around the nation following the highly publicized death of an east bay woman with brain cancer . brittany maynard , 29 , moved to oregon to take advantage of its `` death with dignity '' law and died in november after taking a fatal dose of barbiturates prescribed by her doctor . the california lawsuit asks the court to protect physicians from liability if they prescribe lethal medications to patients who are both terminally ill and mentally competent to decide their fate . the lawsuit argues that while it is against the law in california for anyone to assist in another 's suicide , these cases are not suicides . rather , the suit argues , they are choices by a dying person on how his or her life should end and decisions about one 's own body protected under the state constitution . separately , two california state senators have proposed a bill that would allow doctors to prescribe lethal medication to certain terminally ill adults . three states -- oregon , washington and vermont -- already have laws allowing physician-assisted deaths . courts in new mexico and montana also have ruled that aid in dying is legal , and a suit was also recently filed in new york . legislation is pending in several other states . kathryn tucker , an attorney on several of the court cases , is also spearheading the california lawsuit . this time , she and her legal team decided to include among the plaintiffs two doctors with life-threatening illnesses , swangard and a retired san francisco obstetrician . physicians `` have a very deep and broad understanding about what the journey to death can be like , '' said tucker , executive director of the disability rights legal center . `` the curtain is pulled back . for lay people , death is much more mysterious . '' historically , doctors have been some of the most vocal critics of assisted suicide , also called aid-in-dying . the american medical association still says that `` physician-assisted suicide is fundamentally incompatible with the physician 's role as healer . '' similarly , though it has n't taken a position on currently proposed legislation , the california medical association has said that helping patients die conflicts with doctors ' commitment to do no harm . `` it is the physicians ' job to take care of the patient and that is amplified when that patient is most sick , '' said spokeswoman molly weedn . but a recent survey of 21,000 doctors in the u.s. and europe shows views may be shifting . according to medscape , the organization that did the survey , 54 percent of american doctors support assisted suicide , up from 46 percent four years earlier . swangard is among those who believe that taking care of patients means letting them choose how their lives should end . that 's not the same as killing patients or facilitating suicide , he said . swangard completed his medical residency in san francisco in the middle of the aids crisis ; young men were dying all around him . throughout his career as an internal medicine doctor , a hospice volunteer and now an anesthesiologist , he has become frustrated with how the medical system handles death . doctors spend so much time trying to extend life that few focus on what patients want in their last days , he said . `` i do n't think we know how to die , '' he said . `` we fight tooth and nail to keep that from happening . '' swangard 's own illness was discovered in early 2013 during a long overdue check-up . he had n't been worried about his health -- he was obsessed with fitness , swimming regularly and seeing a trainer twice a week . but when the doctor pressed on swangard 's stomach , he felt a mango-sized mass . he had a visceral feeling , he said , `` something bad was happening . '' within a week , a surgeon found a neuroendocrine tumor in the pancreas and metastasis in the liver . it was the same cancer that took steve jobs ' life -- one that does n't generally respond to chemotherapy or radiation . `` my fears became real , '' he said . the doctors told him they believed they got all the cancerous cells . but swangard was tormented by questions : am i going to be alive in a year ? is my cancer going to come back ? `` i was n't sleeping , i was n't exercising , i was marinating in my own sadness and fear of what this all meant , '' he said . `` i thought , ' this is going to kill me . ' '' since his diagnosis , swangard said he has had a greater understanding of his patients ' struggles . occasionally , he holds their hands and tells them he has been where they are . earlier this year , a physician friend asked him if he 'd be willing to join the california case . swangard did n't hesitate . he did n't go into medicine to help dying people linger and wants to help change that approach — for his patients and for himself . when he dies , swangard said , he wants to be surrounded by people he loves . he does n't want to be in a drug-induced haze , nor consumed by worry about what 's next . he wants to be able to say goodbye . `` it is a little bit of a blessing to know how i might die , '' he said . `` i do n't think a lot of patients have insight into what to expect . '' these days , he wears a buddhist prayer bracelet , a reminder to focus on the present . he cut his work hours , swims as often as he can and meditates regularly . at home , he stares out at the ocean , often watching dolphins pass by . he makes every effort to stay calm and healthy . he is in remission but he knows that what happens with the cancer is largely outside his control . an mri last year showed a small lesion in his liver , which doctors are watching closely . `` it 's this big unknown , '' he said . dr. robert liner , a fellow plaintiff who only recently met swangard , lives with the same uncertainty . on his 69th birthday in may 2013 , the retired obstetrician had a bad cough . he felt tired and short of breath . his wife took him to the hospital , where doctors discovered malignant masses on his kidneys — advanced-stage lymphoma . after radiation and chemotherapy , the tumors shrank . he also is in remission . but if the cancer comes back , he said , `` the prospects are not going to be good . '' he often thinks of a former patient , a 25-year-old woman with metastatic ovarian cancer . she wanted to die while she still was able to communicate . liner was n't able to help ease her death because the law would n't let him . `` i felt like i 'd failed her , '' he said . years before his diagnosis , liner , now 70 , became involved with compassion & choices , an organization that promotes aid-in-dying . he has a shelf of books in his san francisco home devoted to the subject : being mortal , dying right , knocking on heaven 's door . he keeps a stack of notecards with quotes about the end of life , which he often recites in speeches to church groups or senior centers . one reads , `` the best preparation for death is a life well-lived . '' he believes having medication to hasten death helps terminally ill people live fully in their last weeks or months without being immobilized by fear . `` if you are riddled with anxiety , you are not free to concentrate on what 's most meaningful to you , '' he said . like swangard , liner does n't know if he would take the medication . he recently married the woman he calls his `` beloved '' and said he has lots of plans for his retirement years , including writing a screenplay and improving his piano playing . `` my wife says i 'd be hanging on to life by my fingernails , '' he said . but that decision should be his to make , with his family and his doctor , he said . `` i want the comfort of knowing it 's up to me when enough is enough , '' he said . blue shield of california foundation helps fund khn coverage in california .