( cnn ) too little , too late . that 's the mayor 's response to an artist 's apology and offer to cover the cost of fixing the `` scary lucy '' statue that has put the new york town of celoron in the spotlight this week . the bronze figure of comedian and area native lucille ball has elicited comparisons to a `` walking dead '' zombie and inspired the facebook campaign `` we love lucy ! get rid of this statue . '' the sculpture , a gift to the town from its original owners , has been on display since 2009 . artist dave poulin has `` had plenty of opportunity to step forward , and our last conversation he wanted $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 , '' celoron mayor scott schrecengost said . `` and then he stated that if we did n't have the funds and we did n't like the statue , we should take it down and put it in storage . '' after the story of the statue caught fire online this weekend , poulin publicly apologized monday for his `` most unsettling sculpture '' in a letter to the hollywood reporter . `` i take full responsibility for ' scary lucy , ' though by no means was that my intent or did i wish to disparage in any way the memories of the iconic lucy image , '' poulin wrote in the letter ( pdf ) . `` from the day of its installation , i have shared my disappointment in the final outcome and have always believed it to be by far my most unsettling sculpture , not befitting of lucy 's beauty or my ability as a sculptor . '' poulin said he has been talking to celoron officials for several years about removing and redoing the sculpture . it seems that cost has been the chief barrier . `` it puzzles me when an art work is donated to a community , they accept it , and then get angry and insist you redo the art work at your own expense . '' poulin wrote in the letter . but the recent media attention to the sculpture seems to have changed his mind . `` i am willing to put my time and money into redoing the lucy sculpture and feel confident after ten years i can do a much better job , '' poulin wrote . no thanks , schrecengost said . he said the town is looking for a new sculptor to fix the statue . `` it would be reworked from the shoulders up -- the entire head , neck and shoulders , not just the face , '' schrecengost said in a news release tuesday . the town has set up a post office box for donations , which can also be made through kickstarter . but the controversy may not be over . it seems that nearby jamestown , new york , also has ties to lucille ball 's early years and might be interested in its own tribute to the comedic legend . schrecengost 's tuesday statement referred to an anonymous facebook campaign that he claims is aimed at raising jamestown 's lucille ball profile at the expense of the celoron statue . `` the best place for a life size statue of lucy is right where it is now -- in lucille ball memorial park in her hometown , in the village of celoron , ny , '' he said . cnn 's emanuella grinberg contributed to this story .