( cnn ) '' sell all that you own and distribute the money to the poor , and you will have treasure in heaven ; then come , follow me , '' jesus tells the rich man in one of his best-known parables . it was a mantra he invoked repeatedly : the poor were blessed , and it was easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than it was for the well-to-do to enter paradise . meanwhile , jesus told his twelve apostles to leave their day jobs and follow him on an itinerant mission with few prospects of success and no visible means of support . so how did this wandering band of first-century evangelists support themselves ? clearly , money was a concern , and not just as an impediment to salvation . in the new testament , money gets 37 mentions , while `` gold '' gets 38 citations , `` silver '' merits 20 , and `` copper '' four . `` coin '' comes up eight times , and `` purse '' and `` denarii '' -- the roman currency -- get half a dozen mentions each for a total of 119 currency referrals . perhaps the most relevant reference is also one of the most charged passages in the new testament : as the gospel of john tells it , six days before passover , jesus was in bethany at the house of his friend lazarus , whom he had raised from the dead . a woman named mary takes a jar of costly perfumed oil and anoints the feet of the reclining jesus . she dries his feet with her hair , an irresistible image for artists and dramatists . judas iscariot objected to the act . `` why was this perfume not sold for three hundred denarii and the money given to the poor ? '' judas asks . though 300 denarii was the annual wage of a laborer , jesus told judas to leave her alone , and foreshadowing his fate , said the anointing would be useful for his burial , and besides , `` you always have the poor with you '' -- but jesus would not always be there . what that passage makes clear is that the jesus community had a common purse because they needed money to survive . so how much ? `` i imagine the ministry functioned at a subsistence level , '' rabbi joshua garroway , a professor of early christianity and the second commonwealth at hebrew union college in los angeles . jesus and his disciples walked , wore what they had , slept outside or in stayed in friends ' homes . they ate what they caught or what others shared . `` i venture to guess that begging and hospitality will have sufficed to meet the basic needs of jesus and the companions with whom he traveled , '' garroway said . garroway said that it was possible , even likely , that jesus and his followers received donations from supporters , and possibly substantial ones from some of the rich people who were drawn to his ministry despite -- or perhaps because of -- his preaching on the perils of wealth . the gospel of luke gives us a glimpse of how jesus ' ministry functioned on a practical level : `` soon afterwards he went on through cities and villages , proclaiming and bringing the good news of the kingdom of god . the twelve were with him , as well as some women who had been cured of evil spirits and infirmities : mary , called magdalene , from whom seven demons had gone out , and joanna , the wife of herod 's steward chuza , and susanna , and many others , who provided for them out of their resources . '' so , according to luke , women whom jesus had healed in turn provided for him out of their `` resources , '' with mary magdalene and joanna capturing our attention -- one by virtue of her husband , and the other , by her stature in the story of jesus . joanna was an upper-class woman married to a man who was intelligent and capable enough to manage the complicated household of herod antipas , the son of herod the great , the violent and ambitious head of judea . as part of this volatile but powerful household , joanna would be uniquely positioned to help jesus with her resources , being both wealthy and having palace connections . she attends to him during his life , and , the gospels tell us , after his death , as one of the trio of women who go to his tomb and find it empty . with her on that morning is mary magdalene , also identified as -- among other things -- a financial supporter of jesus . mary likely came from the prosperous town of magdala , on the sea of galilee . as home to a thriving fishing industry , as well as dye and textile works , mary could well have come from an affluent family -- or have been a successful business woman herself . mary magdalene was free to travel the country with jesus and his disciples , so was unlikely to have a husband and children waiting for her at home , and in `` finding jesus '' we examine the gnostic gospel of mary magdalene and explore the argument that jesus was , in fact , her husband . she may have simply been an independent woman with her own resources who found a compelling message , and messenger . not only was mary magdalene one of jesus ' most devoted followers , who stuck with him all the way from galilee to jerusalem , from the ministry to the cross and the tomb , but also she provided for him from her own means , said mark goodacre , a professor of new testament and christian origins at duke university . when the gospels speak of her `` ministering '' to jesus , they are explaining that she was one of the key figures in jesus ' everyday mission , goodacre continues . along with other women like joanna and susanna , she was one of those who made his mission viable . along with these women , men like joseph of arimathea and nicodemus , both men of stature and wealth , may have chipped in to help fund jesus ' ministry . the gospels reveal that both these men were rich , and supported jesus -- indeed , it was joseph who removed jesus from the cross on good friday , anointing his body with the help of nicodemus , and placing him in the tomb that joseph had reserved for himself . after the resurrection on that first easter sunday , the movement jesus started grew exponentially , and the church 's relationship to money grew more complicated as the needs became greater . michael mckinley is co-author , with david gibson , of `` finding jesus : faith . fact . forgery . : six holy objects that tell the remarkable story of the gospels . ''