( cnn ) after a weekend shipwreck off the coast of italy that may have killed hundreds of migrants , the international organization for migrants said monday that there may be three more migrant boats in distress in international waters . authorities still do n't know the fate of many of the passengers , including children , who were on the large ship bound from libya to europe that capsized saturday night in the frigid waters of the mediterranean sea . that sinking may be the worst in a series of disasters in which migrants have lost their lives on vessels that are too rickety to survive long voyages . `` gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat , sometimes even at gunpoint , '' maltese prime minister joseph muscat said . `` they 're putting them on the road to death , really , and nothing else . '' a rescue operation is still underway for people who were on the ship from libya , and the number of potential victims is not clear . a bangladeshi survivor told investigators there were 950 people on board . previous estimates put the number around 700 . maltese authorities , who are working with italian rescuers , said around 50 people had been saved . but the italian coast guard said 28 people had been rescued and 24 bodies recovered . two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in sicily , according to italian police officer maria guia federico . on monday , european union ministers met in luxembourg and proposed a 10-point plan to help address the crisis . `` we are not yet working on numbers , but what we have agreed on today is , for sure , the need to increase significantly the resources at sea , and the level of the operation , doing more search and rescue and doing it more together , '' federica mogherini told cnn 's `` the world right now with hala gorani . '' the eu high representative for foreign affairs and security policy said the european union must fight human traffickers , strengthen europeans ' duty to save lives at sea and share responsibility when it comes to the resettlement and relocation of refugees . `` we need to fight the organizations that are trafficking and smuggling people , so that we can prevent desperate people from leaving in desperate conditions , '' mogherini said . `` my pain is that it was a reaction coming too late after so many people died . '' migrants have been attempting the perilous journey across the mediterranean to southern europe for years , but authorities have reported a sudden surge in the past 10 days , along with a grim spike in the number of those who are killed en route . already this year , more than 900 migrants are believed to have died while crossing the mediterranean , far more than during the same period in 2014 , the international organization for migration said last week . since the beginning of 2015 , more than 35,000 refugees and migrants have crossed the mediterranean sea -- 23,500 have landed in italy and more than 12,000 in greece , according to the united nations high commission on human rights . while those numbers sound high , they were even higher the previous year . in 2014 , approximately 219,000 refugees and migrants sailed across the mediterranean , with most having to be rescued by the italian navy , coast guard or merchant ships , the unchr said . it is estimated that 3,500 people in 2014 died at sea . on monday , yet another boat sank off the greek island of rhodes , killing at least three people , the greek merchant marine ministry said . of the 83 people reported on board , at least 57 survived . those confirmed dead were a man , a woman and a child . the capsizing of the ship that departed from libya marked the worst such disaster so far . as rescuers approached the boat in response to a distress call saturday night , authorities say , migrants moved to one side , hoping to be saved . their movement caused the large , multilevel boat to capsize about 110 kilometers ( 70 miles ) north of libya , sending many passengers plunging into the sea . according to one bangladeshi survivor , large numbers of people remained trapped inside the boat as it sank . smugglers -- human traffickers organizing the voyages -- had locked the doors to the lower levels of the vessel , the survivor told italian authorities . `` our troops , together with the italian navy , are literally looking through the bodies to try to find someone who 's still alive , '' muscat said . while the shipwreck was an accident , muscat slammed the human traffickers whom he accused of risking people 's lives by putting them on rickety ships in unpredictable waters . it 's `` genocide -- nothing less than genocide , really , '' muscat told cnn . `` a mass grave is being created in the mediterranean sea and european policies are responsible , '' said loris de filippi , the president of the international aid group doctors without borders . he compared the high number of deaths to `` figures from a war zone . '' de filippi called on european states to immediately launch large-scale search and rescue operations with proactive patrolling as close as possible to libyan shores . `` faced with thousands of desperate people fleeing wars and crises , europe has closed borders , forcing people in search of protection to risk their lives and die at sea , '' he said . `` this tragedy is only just beginning , but it can and should be stopped . '' save the children similarly called on european officials to do more . `` what we needed from eu foreign ministers today was life-saving action , but they dithered , '' the group 's ceo justin forsyth said in a statement . `` with each day we delay we lose more innocent lives and europe slips further into an immoral abyss . right now , people desperately seeking a better life are drowning in politics . '' many of the migrants who board ships to cross the mediterranean come from sub-saharan africa , often traveling for weeks or months just to get to the ships . they 're seeking a better life , but many are exploited by the ruthless smugglers who organize the voyages . `` there is a well-oiled machine with the human traffickers , first by land and then by sea , and they feel the need for these desperate people who just want to get to europe at all costs , '' said rome-based journalist barbie nadeau . the situation on board the boat that sank over the weekend is n't unusual , based on accounts of previous voyages . on old fishing boats , `` people are crammed into what used to be the frozen live tank compartments in the bottom of the ship , '' nadeau said . `` those are the cheaper tickets . people that want to be out on the upper deck , which is the prime space , pay a little more for that service . '' traffickers are believed to charge anywhere from 6,000 euros to 8,000 euros ( $ 6,450 to $ 8,600 ) per person for the dangerous voyage , she said . italy 's proximity to the north african coast puts it on the front line of tackling the continent 's migration crisis . `` we 're swamped , '' sandro gozi , the italian minister for european affairs , told french daily le monde . `` there 's not even enough space in sicily 's cemeteries to bury the dead . '' an italian search and rescue program , mare nostrum , was credited with rescuing more than 160,000 migrants in the space of a year . but it ended in october because of budget constraints and criticism from the european union that the program itself was encouraging migrants to head across the mediterranean . the european union 's border control agency , frontex , started its own mission in november , known as triton , with a budget of less than a third of that of mare nostrum . frontex has no vessels or surveillance equipment of its own , so has to rely on european member states to lend it ships . as anti-immigrant parties thrive across the continent , european nations are collectively struggling to cope with the migration crisis on their doorstep . `` we ca n't act as if each tragedy is the last while crossing our fingers that another one does n't happen , '' gozi told le monde , lamenting `` a total absence '' of european union policy on how to deal with refugees arriving in europe . the european commission , the executive branch of the eu , said sunday it was consulting member states , european agencies and international organizations to prepare what it called a european migration strategy to be adopted in mid-may . `` these are human lives at stake , and the european union as a whole has a moral and humanitarian obligation to act , '' it said . but international groups say european governments are failing to do enough . doctors without borders will begin its own rescue effort , de filippi said , because `` as a medical , humanitarian organization , we simply can not wait any longer . '' cnn 's karl penhaul , hada messia , josh levs and catherine e. shoichet and khushbu shah contributed to this report .