rome ( cnn ) a destination for the destitute , sicily is the `` promised land '' for thousands of migrants and refugees making the desperate journey from north africa to europe 's mediterranean coast . more than 10,000 people have arrived from libya since last weekend alone , according to the italian coast guard . stories of death at sea and unimaginable suffering are nothing new in the waters between north africa and italy ; boat people have been arriving on italy 's islands for more than a decade . but what makes the current influx different is the increase in numbers and the absence of control from the ports of embarkation , specifically those in libya , because when moammar gadhafi was in control , he also controlled the flow of migrant ships . in 2008 , the-then italian prime minister silvio berlusconi and gadhafi signed an historic friendship agreement in which italy promised to invest $ 5 billion in libyan infrastructure and gadhafi promised to close what he described as a `` spigot '' of migrants . during a three-day state visit to italy in august 2010 , he famously threatened to `` turn europe black '' if libya did not enjoy cordial relations with the european union . after the agreement , gadhafi kept his promise and the number of arrivals drastically decreased . for a time , almost all migrant arrivals came from tunisia , just 70 miles from the italian island of lampedusa . because italy sent most of those migrants who did not qualify for political asylum back to tunisia , the flow eventually tapered off . and once a new tunisian government was in place , after the arab spring , italy signed an accord with tunisia in which they promised to help patrol tunisia 's ports . but after gadhafi was overthrown , the flow of migrants from libya exploded again : the international organization for migration ( iom ) in rome told cnn that more than 140,000 migrants arrived from the north africa coast in 2011 . in october 2013 , after a tragic boat accident off the coast of lampedusa in which 349 people -- including an infant still attached to its mother by the umbilical cord -- died , trapped like sardines in their smugglers ' boat as it sank , italy decided it had to act . in november of 2013 , the italian navy launched a €9m-a-month search-and-rescue program called mare nostrum , in which italian naval ships patrolled the seas to rescue migrants . in just one year , the program rescued more than 160,000 migrants , according to the italian navy . due to budget constraints and criticism from the european union that the program itself was encouraging migrants to head across the mediterranean , the mission ended in october 2014 . by the end of the year , more than 174,000 people had been rescued in italy ; an estimated 3,072 people died making the journey , according to the iom . in november last year , the european union 's border control , frontex , started its own mission -- triton -- with a budget of less than a third that of mare nostrum . frontex has no vessels or surveillance equipment of its own , so has to rely on european member states to lend them ships ; a ship from iceland , at the far north of the continent , is currently involved in frontex 's operations off southern europe . when italy ended mare nostrum , the u.n. high commissioner for refugees antonio guterres warned that some european governments were making `` keeping foreigners out a higher priority than upholding asylum standards . '' `` this is a mistake , and precisely the wrong reaction for an era in which record numbers of people are fleeing wars , '' guterres told a unhcr policy meeting . `` security and immigration management are concerns for any country , but policies must be designed in a way that human lives do not end up becoming collateral damage . '' once migrants arrive in italy , they are supposed to be processed for political asylum and monitored until it is granted or denied , but italy has been sanctioned by the european union for not fingerprinting new arrivals . by law , italy has to take care of the arrivals , but many have no intention of staying in the country , and few of the reception centers are gated , meaning migrants can come and go as they please . and with no physical border controls between italy and other european countries , they can then disperse across the continent . moutassem yazbek , 27 , an it specialist who worked for six years in dubai , arrived in sicily in december on board a smuggler 's boat . he told cnn he was never fingerprinted in italy , and eventually made it to germany where he is studying to learn the language and find work . he says the human trafficking network is a finely-oiled machine that fills a growing need . `` i would have done anything to get here , '' yazbek said . `` it was worth the risk , the bad treatment and the fear . hard as that may be to believe , it is a better life . ''