( cnn ) at least two people were taken into custody as protesters upset over the death of freddie gray scuffled thursday evening with police on the streets of baltimore . tensions rose as demonstrators confronted police , several of whom shouted : `` back up ! '' the baltimore police department said the two were detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property . there were no other arrests and the protests -- on the whole -- were peaceful . protesters rallied at city hall before marching to a police station . some walked through traffic . in one instance , they surrounded a police car . gray died sunday , one week after he was arrested by baltimore police . at some point , he suffered a severe spinal cord injury . his family said his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma and died . `` the police have a lot of questions that need to be answered , '' andrew o'connell , an attorney for the gray family , told cnn . `` what was the reasonable suspicion ? why were they arresting our client ? these are pretty big questions that need to be answered . '' `` he had no weapon in his hand . he was committing no crime and he was n't hurting anybody . the police had no reasonable suspicion to stop or arrest him , '' the attorney said . while baltimore police say five of the six officers involved in the arrest have provided statements to investigators , the department has not released details of what the officers said or how gray might have suffered the fatal injury . protesters are upset over the apparent lack of information , and -- recently -- a police union 's comparison of the demonstrations to a `` lynch mob . '' `` while we appreciate the right of our citizens to protest and applaud the fact that , to date , the protests have been peaceful , we are very concerned about the rhetoric of the protests , '' the baltimore fraternal order of police lodge 3 said in a statement issued wednesday . `` in fact , the images seen on television look and sound much like a lynch mob in that they are calling for the immediate imprisonment of these officers without them ever receiving the due process that is the constitutional right of every citizen , including law enforcement officers . '' scenes from baltimore . that comparison drew swift and sharp criticism , given the history of lynchings of african-americans in the united states . rooted in the racial ire of the civil war , the extrajudicial mob killings of blacks , other minorities and people opposed to oppression of minorities were common in the segregated south . more than 4,000 people were murdered between 1877 and 1950 in 12 southern states , according to a recent report . but lynchings were n't restricted to the south , and they have deeply scarred race relations in the country . `` which one is the # lynchmob again ? '' john cotton tweeted , posting a photo of a peaceful protest next to photos of gray during his arrest and hospitalization . `` the choice of words is not only ironic , it 's sad , '' said o'connell , the attorney for the grays . `` police officers are never the subject of a lynch mob . it 's actually usually the other way around , '' he told cnn 's `` erin burnett outfront . '' `` and in the context of the powder keg that baltimore city is right now , referring to the citizens of baltimore city who are peacefully protesting as a ' lynch mob ' does n't serve to keep the peace . it only heightens the flames , or fans the flames of people who are already on edge . '' amid protests , officials advised people to clear the area or expect delays . a statement encouraged employees who work downtown to get out of the area to `` avoid major disruptions . '' baltimore police requested and received additional personnel from maryland state police . thirty-two troopers arrived to help with crowd control and serve in a `` backup capacity '' for police , according to erin montgomery , a spokesperson for gov . larry hogan . a small rally and press conference was held at noon , organized by the southern christian leadership conference and the peoples power assemblies . they announced that they will conduct their own investigation into the events that led to gray 's death . thursday 's events follow a series of demonstrations this week , with protesters demanding elusive answers . baltimore protests : 5 questions demonstrators are asking . among the questions : did something happen inside the police transport vehicle that caused gray 's fatal spinal injury ? and what took place in the 30 minutes before police called paramedics to pick gray up ? `` our position is something happened in that van , '' police union attorney michael davey said . `` we just do n't know what . '' but one question has already been addressed : did officers have the right to chase gray in the first place ? police first encountered gray on april 12 as they patrolled an area known for crime and drug activity . when gray saw them , authorities said , he started running . gray 's family attorney and protesters claim police did n't have any probable cause to chase him , but did so only because he was `` running while black . '' but davey said officers had every right to give chase . `` there is a supreme court case that states that if you are in a high-crime area , and you flee from the police unprovoked , the police have the legal ability to pursue you , and that 's what they did , '' he said . `` in this type of an incident , you do not need probable cause to arrest . you just need a reasonable suspicion to make the stop . '' gray was arrested after police found what they said was a switchblade on him . an attorney for gray 's family has said the knife was a pocket knife of legal size . police commissioner anthony batts said he met thursday with the family . `` there was a lot of pain in that family , and i can understand it . if that was my son that ended up the same way , i would be angry , '' he told cnn . updates and images from the field . one video of gray 's arrest shows officers dragging him to a police van , his legs dangling limply behind him . `` his leg look broke ! '' a bystander yells as a witness captures the arrest on a cell phone video . that witness , who only wants to be identified as kiona , said she knew gray as a joker and a ladies ' man . but that day , he said only one thing to her . `` when i ran up the street and seen him , the first thing i asked him was he ok because i heard him screaming , '' kiona said . `` he did n't never say yes or no , he just said ' i ca n't breathe ' and just was yelling . '' former baltimore police commissioner leonard hamm said he was disturbed by video of the arrest . `` what i see is a person in distress , and what should have happened is at that point , they should have called for medical attention to help him out , '' he told cnn 's `` new day . '' hamm led the department from 2004 to 2007 . he said he was surprised and disappointed by what has happened . `` i thought we were better than that , '' he said . `` i thought we were better trained than that . '' it 's not clear whether gray was injured during the arrest . his family has not yet seen the autopsy report , attorney william murphy said . the medical examiner 's office told cnn it could take up to 90 days to release the report , which is typical . gray 's body is now in his family 's care and has been transported to a funeral home . the family has not specified which one . that information will be released when arrangements have been finalized . mary koch , a member of the family 's legal team , told cnn that an independent autopsy will be conducted at the facility . the police department is investigating what happened and will turn over its finding to the state attorney 's office may 1 , the department said . `` as with any criminal investigation , detectives will continue to pursue the evidence wherever it leads , for as long as it takes . '' the justice department is investigating whether gray 's civil rights were violated during the april 12 arrest . and mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said she `` absolutely '' believes an outside investigation is needed , especially given the city 's dark history of police misconduct . according to the baltimore sun , the city has paid about $ 5.7 million over the past four years to settle more than 100 cases of allegations of police wrongdoing . police did n't admit fault in any of the cases . the police union said in a statement wednesday that the reason for the settlements was simple : city officials believe lawsuits are too costly . cnn 's eliott c. mclaughlin , catherine e. shoichet , kevin conlon and dana ford contributed to this report .