( cnn ) the commissioner-general of the united nations relief and works agency will make an emergency visit to the yarmouk palestinian refugee camp in syria on saturday , a spokesman says . commissioner-general pierre kr채henb체hl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp and speak with individuals about ways to relieve the suffering of the people who remain there . `` the visit is prompted by unrwa 's deepening concern for the safety and protection of 18,000 palestinians and syrian civilians , including 3,500 children , '' agency spokesman christopher gunness told cnn 's paula newton . `` yarmouk remains under the control of armed groups , and civilian life continues to be threatened by the effects of the conflict . '' kr채henb체hl will meet with senior syrian officials , u.n. and relief agency staff members , and displaced people from the camp itself . the yarmouk refugee camp , which sits just 6 miles from central damascus , has been engulfed in fighting between the syrian government and armed groups since december 2012 . the london-based syrian observatory for human rights says the militant group isis and the al qaeda-affiliated al-nusra front control about 90 % of the camp . the organization also claims that the syrian government has dropped barrel bombs on the camp as recently as sunday in an effort to drive out armed groups . yarmouk was formed in 1957 to accommodate people displaced by the arab-israeli conflict and is the largest palestinian refugee camp in syria . the u.n. relief agency estimates that there were 160,000 people in the camp when the conflict began in 2011 between forces loyal to president bashar al-assad and opposition fighters . that number has dropped to about 18,000 , according to estimates . yarmouk has been largely cut off from aid since november 2013 . there have been widespread reports of malnutrition and shortages of medical care . `` we will not abandon hope , '' gunness said . `` we will not submit to pessimism , because to abandon hope would be to abandon the people of yarmouk . ... we can not abandon the people of yarmouk , and we will not , hence this mission . ''