( cnn ) governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism -- real or perceived -- to advance executions , amnesty international alleges in its annual report on the death penalty . `` the dark trend of governments using the death penalty in a futile attempt to tackle real or imaginary threats to state security and public safety was stark last year , '' said salil shetty , amnesty 's secretary general in a release . `` it is shameful that so many states around the world are essentially playing with people 's lives -- putting people to death for ' terrorism ' or to quell internal instability on the ill-conceived premise of deterrence . '' the report , `` death sentences and executions 2014 , '' cites the example of pakistan lifting a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians following the horrific attack on a school in peshawar in december . china is also mentioned , as having used the death penalty as a tool in its `` strike hard '' campaign against terrorism in the restive far-western province of xinjiang . the annual report catalogs the use of state-sanctioned killing as a punitive measure across the globe , and this year 's edition contains some mixed findings . on one hand , the number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22 % on the previous year . at least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014 , compared to 778 in 2013 . amnesty 's figures do not include statistics on executions carried out in china , where information on the practice is regarded as a state secret . belarus and vietnam , too , do not release data on death penalty cases . `` the long-term trend is definitely positive -- we are seeing a decrease in the number of executions ( worldwide ) , '' audrey gaughran , amnesty 's director of global issues , told cnn . `` a number of countries are closer to abolition , and there are some signs that some countries will be abolitionist by 2015 . ( there are ) signals of a world that is nearing abolition . '' while the report notes some encouraging signs , it also highlights a marked increase in the number of people sentenced to death in 2014 . at least 2,466 people globally are confirmed to have been handed the sentence last year , an increase of 28 % compared with 2013 . the report notes that the spike in sentencing is attributable to mass-sentencing in countries including egypt and nigeria , `` against scores of people in some cases . '' the organization found `` positive developments '' worldwide , with most regions seeming to show reductions in the number of executions . opinion : sharp spike in death sentences . sub-saharan africa , for example , saw a 28 % fall in reported cases , and executions recorded in the middle east and north africa were down 23 % compared to 2013 . `` even though we 've highlighted some of the negative developments ... i think we would always highlight that there are positive developments , '' gaughran said . `` across the board , with the exception of europe and central asia there were fewer reports of executions in every region . '' the resumption of the use of capital punishment in belarus -- the only country in europe and central asia to execute people -- after a two year hiatus spoiled an near-universal decrease in countries using the death penalty by region . the united states has the dubious distinction of being the only country in the americas to conduct executions , but the number of convicts put to death here fell slightly , from 39 in 2013 to 35 in 2014 . the state of washington also imposed a moratorium on executions last year . the u.s. remains one of the worst offenders for imposing capital punishment , with only iran ( 289+ ) , iraq ( 61+ ) , and saudi arabia ( 90+ ) executing more people in 2014 . while figures are not available , amnesty estimates that china also executes `` thousands '' of prisoners each year , `` more than the rest of the world put together . '' the report also highlights the imperfections in the judiciary processes that lead to many sentenced to death . `` in the majority of countries where people were sentenced to death or executed , the death penalty was imposed after proceedings that did not meet international fair trial standards , '' the report stated . `` in 2014 amnesty international raised particular concerns in relation to court proceedings in afghanistan , bangladesh , china , egypt , iran , iraq , north korea , pakistan , saudi arabia and sri lanka . '' the united nations secretary-general , ban ki-moon , last year stressed the need to move toward abolition of capital punishment . `` the taking of life is too irreversible for one human being to inflict it on another , '' he said , in marking world day against death penalty in october . `` we must continue to argue strongly that the death penalty is unjust and incompatible with fundamental human rights . '' amnesty estimates that at least 19,094 people were believed to be on death row at the end of 2014 .