boston ( cnn ) sending boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev to prison for the rest of his life would bring years of punishment and rob him of martyrdom , jurors were told monday . `` we have seen more pain and more horror and more grief in this courtroom than any of you would have thought possible , '' attorney david bruck said as tsarnaev 's defense team began what could be a two-week campaign to avoid the death penalty . `` no punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime on the survivors and the victims ' families , '' he said . `` there is no evening of the scales . there is no point of trying to hurt him as he hurt because it ca n't be done . all we can do , all you can do is make the best choice . '' bruck told jurors there are only two punishments for them to choose from : death , or life in prison without any possibility of parole . `` we are asking you to punish jahar by imprisoning him for the rest of his life . '' showing the court a photo of the federal supermax prison in colorado , bruck said : `` this is where the government keeps other terrorists who used to be famous but are n't anymore . ... he goes here and he 's forgotten . no more spotlight , like the death penalty brings . `` no interviews with the news media , no autobiography , no messages from jahar on the internet . no nothing . `` no martyrdom . just years and years of punishment , day after day , as he grows up to deal with the lonely struggle of dealing with what he did . `` the evidence will show that if you sentence jahar to a lifetime of thinking about what he did , you 'll both punish him and protect society . '' tsarnaev , 21 , was convicted this month of all 30 counts against him ; 17 of those counts carry the death penalty for the murders of four -- krystle campbell , 29 ; lingzi lu , 23 ; martin richard , 8 ; and sean collier , 26 . in deciding whether the former college student is executed for his crimes or spends the rest of his days in a high-security federal prison , jurors must weigh the heinousness of his crime and the toll on his victims against so-called mitigating factors , such as his relative youth , mental health and family background , and whether or not he is remorseful . he has shown no emotion as he sits in court , and he has avoided eye contact with maimed bombing survivors and relatives of the dead . last week , federal prosecutors presented three days of gut-wrenching victim impact testimony , including an array of images showing the victims as happy , active people and edited videos that added a soundtrack featuring a loud explosion , screams and panicked voices to the horrific bombing scene outside the forum restaurant , where richard and lu died . lead defense attorney judy clarke -- a nationally known death penalty opponent -- has acknowledged that tsarnaev and his brother , tamerlan , set off the bombs and shot mit campus cop collier . but she is expected to build a narrative showing her client as a puppet of his dominant older brother . tamerlan tsarnaev , who was 26 , died in a gunbattle with watertown , massachusetts , police three days after the bombings . clarke 's colleague , bruck , began that narrative in his opening statement by noting , `` the man who conceived , planned and led this crime is beyond our power to punish . only the 19-year-old younger brother who helped is left . `` he was 19 , nearly 20 . but he was still at an age still legally too young to buy a beer . and an age when people make horribly bad , destructive decisions . what each of you will have to decide for yourself is how to weigh his young age as a mitigating factor . '' bruck tried to use a photo prosecutors introduced last week -- showing tsarnaev raising his middle finger at a surveillance camera in his federal courthouse cell -- to make his point . `` i could almost hear you gasp '' when that photo was displayed between images of bombing victims , bruck said . `` it turned out that shocking gesture was n't quite as advertised . `` what did he mean ? it meant he was acting as an immature 19-year-old . '' several members of tsarnaev 's family arrived in boston over the weekend , but the defense is closely guarding its witness list . the relatives , who are at an undisclosed location after being forced to leave a suburban hotel , apparently do not include his parents , who divorced and returned to dagestan before the april 15 , 2013 , bombings . court filings indicate that the defense plans to call expert witness janet vogelsang , a sociologist , to explain tsarnaev 's difficult upbringing as the overlooked child of immigrants -- displaced russian muslims whose american dream failed . under federal law , the jury 's decision must be unanimous . a deadlocked jury would result in an automatic life sentence for tsarnaev -- which means the defense only needs to convince one juror to spare his life . the boston globe reported over the weekend that fewer than 20 % of those polled in massachusetts favor the death penalty for tsarnaev . the number is down substantially since the days after the bombings .