( cnn ) a sexual harassment complaint has been filed against new zealand prime minister john key after a waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail at an auckland cafe . cnn affiliate tvnz reported that the complaint was filed thursday morning by graham mccready , an accountant described in the new zealand press as a `` serial litigant , '' who has previously launched private prosecutions against key . mccready 's complaint claimed that key had breached a section of the country 's human rights act relating to sexual harassment , tvnz reported . it reported that he was seeking considerable compensation for the waitress , 26-year-old amanda bailey , and `` if she does not want it i ask for the money be given to women 's refuge . '' key publicly apologized to bailey , a waitress at his local cafe , for repeatedly tugging on her ponytail , after she complained about his behavior in a blog post . the post , published on new zealand political website the daily blog , says that the odd behavior began during last year 's election season . it was `` hardly an acceptable form of greeting , '' bailey wrote . she wrote that while she did n't directly make her objections clear verbally , her body language `` screamed ' i do n't like that . ' '' `` as he approached me , he thought it would be fitting to raise his hands high and make scary , suspense sound effects , like the music from the movie ' jaws ' , '' read the post . `` as he towered overhead i slunk down , cringing , whilst ( key 's wife ) bronagh told him to ' leave the poor girl alone . ' '' the behavior carried on for a number of months and on several occasions , the post states . eventually the cafe 's manager made it clear to key that his actions were unwelcome . key , who regularly visits the auckland cafe with his wife , told reporters that his behavior was in the context of `` a bit of banter , '' but said that he had apologized when it was clear she had taken offense . the blog post says that the prime minister offered the offended waitress two bottles of his own jk 2012 pinot noir wine by way of apology . `` we have lots of fun and games there , there 's always lots of practical jokes and things . it 's a very warm and friendly relationship , '' he told reporters in los angeles en route to anzac day commemorations in gallipoli , turkey . `` but if you look at it now , no . when i realized she took offense by that i just sort of immediately went back , gave her some wine , apologized and said i was terribly sorry . '' politicians and public figures also rounded on key , with green mp metiria turei saying that the prime minister should be held to the same standards of behavior as the rest of the electorate . `` a lot of new zealanders know what it 's like to feel as if you 're not taken seriously in a job . as politicians , our job is to make people feel safe at work , not bullied , '' new zealand media reported her as saying . `` it 's a sign of how out of touch john key has become when he ca n't even monitor how inappropriate his personal behavior is , and when people are not comfortable with how he is behaving . '' jackie blue , head of the equal employment opportunities commission , echoed the sentiment . `` it 's never ok to touch someone without their permission , '' tvnz reported her as saying . `` there are no exceptions . '' political analyst bryce edwards told the network that the `` strangeness factor '' of the accusation would haunt key . `` a lot of people will be laughing at john key , that 's harder to recover from , '' he said in a segment . the national council of women of new zealand , while accepting that key was joking and did not mean to offend , criticized the premier . `` the fact that our prime minister has joined the list of people outed for sexism highlights how much sexism is a part of our culture . and it starts at the top , '' the organization 's chief executive sue mccabe wrote in an open letter . `` up and down this country , day after day , people are touched without giving their consent . at one end of the scale , it is an unwelcome pull on a ponytail . at the other end , it 's our shocking levels of violence against women . ''