( cnn ) americans on the united states ' no-fly list will now be privy to information about why they have been banned from commercial flights and be given the opportunity to dispute their status , according to court documents filed by the justice department this week . the revised policy comes in response to a june ruling by a federal judge that said the old process was in violation of the fifth amendment 's guarantee of due process . the decision was part of an american civil liberties union lawsuit brought on behalf of 13 americans on the list . but the aclu is n't satisfied with the government 's new policy , outlined in documents filed monday in federal courts in oregon ( pdf ) and virginia ( pdf ) . `` after years of fighting in court for complete secrecy and losing , it 's good that the government is finally now going to tell people of their status on the no fly list , '' said hina shamsi , director of the aclu national security project and the lead attorney on the case , in a statement . `` unfortunately , we 've found that the government 's new redress process falls far short of constitutional requirements because it denies our clients meaningful notice , evidence , and a hearing . the government had an opportunity to come up with a fair process but failed , so we 're challenging it in court again . '' people on the no-fly list , managed by the fbi 's terrorist screening center , are prohibited from boarding a commercial flight for travel into or out of the united states . the number of people on the list is classified . an official with knowledge of the government 's figures told cnn in 2012 that the list contained about 21,000 names , including about 500 americans . before the change , american citizens and permanent residents who inquired with the government about being denied aircraft boarding received a letter that neither confirmed nor denied their inclusion on the no-fly list . now , they 'll be made aware of their status if they apply for redress , with an option to request further information . `` the u.s. government is making enhancements to the department of homeland security traveler redress inquiry program ( dhs trip ) to provide additional transparency and process for u.s. citizens and lawful permanent residents who have been denied boarding on a commercial aircraft because they are on the no fly list , '' the department of homeland security said in a statement . in cases in which travelers included on the list request to receive or submit more information about their status , the government will provide a second , more detailed response , identifying `` specific criterion under which the individual has been placed on the no fly list , '' according to the court documents . an unclassified summary of that information will be provided `` to the extent feasible , consistent with the national security and law enforcement interests at stake , '' court papers said . those who appear on the no-fly list will then have further opportunity to dispute their status in writing , with supporting materials or exhibits , and will receive a final written decision from the transportation security administration . the 2014 ruling that prompted the policy changes had called for passengers on the list to be given the opportunity to dispute their status before a judge .