( cnn ) one of the youngest suspects yet has been arrested on terror-related charges in england . a 14-year-old boy was taken into custody after encouraging an attack on an australian parade honoring the war dead and urging the beheading of `` someone in australia , '' deborah walsh , deputy head of counter terrorism at the crown prosecution service , said in a statement thursday . the teenager was taken into custody april 2 after uk 's greater manchester police examined electronic devices and discovered communications between the teen and a man in australia , police said in a statement . the teenager , arrested in blackburn , lancashire , was not named `` because of legal reasons , '' the statement said . he was charged with two counts of inciting another person to commit an act of terrorism overseas and will appear in westminster magistrate 's court on friday . he was communicating with suspects in operation rising , an australian law enforcement operation that apprehended several men suspected of planning terrorist actions , police in victoria , australia , said on the department website . australia : charges in foiled 'isis-inspired ' plot . those acts of terror were planned for anzac day ( australia and new zealand army corps day ) on friday , the centennial of the gallipoli campaign in world war i , police said . `` the first allegation is that , between 15 and 26 march 2015 , the defendant incited another person to commit an act of terrorism , namely to carry out an attack at an anzac parade in australia with the aim of killing and/or causing serious injury to people , '' walsh said . `` the second allegation is that on 18 march 2015 , the defendant incited another person to behead someone in australia . '' australian law enforcement officers arrested several people last weekend in operation rising . tuesday , victoria police and the australian federal police charged sevdet ramdan besim with conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts . authorities have not named the person with whom the 14-year-old in britain was communicating . british teens face terror charges after being detained en route to syria . cnn 's alexander felton contributed to this report .