( cnn ) just as the agency begins to recover from a series of high-profile missteps , the secret service is facing yet another scandal . a female employee accused xavier morales , a supervisor within the agency , of assault after he made sexual advances at her , according to the washington post . `` the woman told police and agency investigators that morales , her boss , told her during the party at capitol city brewing company that he was in love with her and would like to have sex with her , '' and later tried to kiss her in the office , according to a report from the washington post . during the incident , he `` grabbed her arms when she resisted '' and the two tussled until morales gave up , sources told the paper . the post reports that the march 31 party was in celebration of morales ' new assignment as head of the louisville field office . a secret service spokesperson confirms that morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended . this incident was first reported on april 2 , and secret service director joe clancy was briefed that afternoon . clancy called the allegations `` very disturbing . '' `` any threats or violence that endangers our employees in the workplace is unacceptable and will not be tolerated , '' he said in a statement . this is just the latest chapter for an organization embroiled in scandal over the past several months . last month , two top-ranking officials were suspended following an incident at a white house command post during an investigation of a possible bomb . clancy was not made aware of the episode until five days later . the agency has also faced scrutiny for another lapse in late january when a drone crash-landed on the white house lawn . secret service director julia pierson resigned in september after a fence-jumper gained access to the east room of the white house . earlier in september , an armed security contractor was allowed to get into an elevator with president barack obama during a trip to the centers for disease control and prevention in atlanta . an independent report released in december found that the secret service is stretched `` beyond its limits , '' needing more training , more staff , and a director from outside its ranks . clancy , who formally assumed the post in february , is a 27-year veteran of the agency . `` it 's going to take time to change some of this culture , '' clancy said at a house appropriations committee hearing last month . `` there 's no excuse for this information not to come up the chain . that 's going to take time because i 'm going to have to build trust with our workforce . '' the incident will be further investigated by the office of the inspector general .