( cnn ) the investigation into the crash of germanwings flight 9525 has not revealed evidence of the co-pilot andreas lubitz 's motive , but he suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his aviation career , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office in dusseldorf , germany , said monday . investigators have not found any writings or conversations where lubitz shared his motives or confessed to any plans , prosecutor 's spokesman christoph kumpa said . however , medical records reveal that lubitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy . this was before he ever got his pilot 's license , kumpa said . kumpa emphasized there 's no evidence suggesting lubitz was suicidal or acting aggressively before the crash . it is believed that lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed the plane tuesday into the french alps , killing all 150 on board . the prosecutor 's office confirmed what some media outlets had reported about doctors deeming lubitz unfit to fly , though there were no physical illnesses found . in short , investigators in germany and france are not yet ruling anything out . much attention has focused on lubitz 's state of mind , with suggestions that he may have had mental health issues . lubitz , 27 , passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014 , a german aviation source told cnn . he had stated working as a commercial pilot in 2013 , lufthansa said . an official with lufthansa , which owns germanwings , said that the exam only tests physical health , not psychological health . it 's unknown if lubitz mentioned his problems on a form that asks yes-or-no questions about physical and mental illness , suicide attempts and medications . european pilots must fill out the form to be recertified . federal aviation authorities , not the airline , issue the form . the form is privileged information and lufthansa never sees a pilot 's completed form , said an airline spokesperson . the airline would only get a `` clear to fly '' notice from the aviation doctors alerting the airline that a pilot has completed recertification . lubitz had visited an eye doctor because of vision problems , a european government official familiar with the investigation told cnn . the pilot complained he was not seeing as he should , but the doctor told him the cause was psychosomatic , the official said . in part because of this , the doctor deemed lubitz unfit for flying . lubitz told a different doctor -- a neuropsychologist -- that he was too stressed with work , the european official said . the dates of these visits are unclear , but they could have been earlier this year . the official said he is not aware of any suicidal tendencies reported by lubitz to the doctors , but that investigators believe he was suicidal . airline officials have said that if lubitz went to a doctor on his own , he would have been required to self-report if deemed unfit to fly . a dusseldorf clinic said he 'd gone there twice , most recently on march 10 , `` concerning a diagnosis . '' but the university clinic said it had not treated lubitz for depression . the speculation about lubitz ' mental state is based on a letter found in a waste bin in his dusseldorf apartment . the note , which was `` slashed , '' said lubitz was not able to do his job , kumpa said friday . britain 's most senior psychiatrist , sir simon wessely , told cnn 's christiane amanpour on monday that when a pilot is `` acutely depressed or suffering from really any physical illness '' that impairs abilities , they can not fly an aircraft safely . `` we do n't let pilots fly with depression ... because they 're impaired in concentration , memory and attention , which is n't good for a pilot , '' said wessely , who is president of the royal college of psychiatrists and an adviser to the british army . one of the strongest pieces of evidence to emerge from the crash so far comes from the cockpit voice recorder . the sounds recorded on the recorder , known as a `` black box , '' firms up a theory by investigators that the co-pilot locked the captain out of the cockpit and then crashed the plane . `` for god 's sake , open the door ! '' capt . patrick sondenheimer screamed as he banged on the cockpit door , pleading with the co-pilot . thirteen minutes later , the plane slammed into the french alps . the audio from the plane 's cockpit voice recorder has not been released , but the german newspaper bild published sunday what it claims is a summary of the transcript from the recording . cnn can not independently verify the information , which bild says is based on 1.5 hours of audio that was on the cockpit voice recorder . according to bild 's report , sondenheimer told co-pilot lubitz that he did n't manage to go to the bathroom before takeoff . lubitz told him he could go anytime . after reaching cruising altitude , sondenheimer asked lubitz to prepare the landing . once that 's finished , lubitz again told the captain he `` can go anytime . '' there is the sound of a seat being pushed backward after which the captain says , `` you can take over . '' at 10:29 a.m. , air traffic radar detects that the plane is starting to descend . three minutes later , air traffic controllers try to contact the plane and receive no answer -- shortly after which an alarm goes off in the cockpit , warning of the `` sink rate , '' bild reported . next comes the banging . sondenheimer begs lubitz to let him in . passengers then begin to scream , according to the transcript obtained by bild . another three minutes pass . a loud metallic bang is heard at 7,000 meters ( almost 23,000 feet ) . a minute and half later and 2,000 meters ( about 6,500 feet ) lower to the ground , an alarm says , `` terrain -- pull up ! '' `` open the damn door ! '' the pilot says . it 's 10:38 a.m. , and the plane is at 4,000 meters ( about 13,000 feet ) . lubitz 's breathing can still be heard on the voice recorder , according to bild 's report . two minutes later , investigators think they hear the plane 's right wing scrape a mountaintop . screams can be heard one final time . france 's accident investigation agency , bea , told cnn that the agency was `` dismayed '' by the voice recording leak to bild . martine del bono , a spokeswoman for the agency , said the leak could not have come from a bea agent . she said the agency considers the report mere `` voyeurism . '' cockpit recordings are some of the most sensitive and closely held parts of aviation crash investigations . they 're never officially released , according to cnn aviation reporter richard quest . quest called it `` unbelievable '' that the black box audio would be leaked in this manner . communications between air traffic control and a plane 's cockpit can be downloaded privately , but that 's less common in europe than it is in the united states . an edited and redacted version of the transcript is usually published in part of a final report on an incident . although search teams have recovered the cockpit voice recorder , the flight data recorder remains missing . that device could reveal crucial details about what happened during the final moments of the flight . about 150 german investigators -- some specializing in homicide cases and others in identifying remains -- are in the french alps at the site of the crash , dusseldorf police said monday . meanwhile , police continue to examine evidence collected from the apartment of lubitz and from his parents ' home , police said . french investigators at the crash site said they are optimistic they will be able to identify most of the passengers but added that `` it may not be possible to find the human remains of all the 150 passengers , as some of them may have been pulverized by the crash . '' of the 150 passengers , 78 had been identified through dna , lt. col. jean-marc menichini told cnn . weather conditions slowed the rescue work monday , capt . yves naffrechoux of the high mountain gendarmerie unit said . a new path under construction to the crash site will reduce the time it takes to reach the area , he said . le vernet mayor francois balique told cnn the path was within 100 meters of being finished . he commissioned a backhoe to build the path , he said . `` i felt the family members wanted this and they asked me to get them as close as possible , as if every meter mattered to them , '' he said . the path will allow all-terrain vehicles to reach the site with fewer risks than with helicopter transfers . family members of those aboard flight 9525 , meanwhile , are making the grim pilgrimage to the crash site . a total of 325 people have so far traveled to the site , germanwings chief operating officer oliver wagner said monday at a news conference . he detailed what the airline is doing to support relatives of the victims . cnn 's pamela brown , pamela boykoff , antonia mortensen , sandrine amiel , frederik pleitgen , karl penhaul and margot haddad contributed to this report .