( cnn ) there are two paths to practicing medicine in america . there 's the traditional , time-tested way , where new doctors graduate from medical school and then pass a series of national exams while training for years as resident physicians . then there 's the approach being forged in florida and arizona : getting elected to a state legislature . lawmakers in those states are too often donning the white coats to orchestrate medical practice . in 2011 , florida enacted the firearm owners ' privacy act , which threatens prosecution and loss of licensure for any physicians who dare ask their patients about gun ownership and gun safety . guns are a scientifically uncontested health risk . asking about them is standard practice in pediatrics and psychiatry . i treat brain injuries , and it 's part of my job to talk with patients about things that might be unsafe for them , like driving . and handling weapons . some of those i treat suffered their injuries by bullets , typically fired by family members or themselves . does anyone really believe i should n't talk about gun safety in these cases ? it 's a good thing i do n't practice in florida . florida 's gun censorship law was dragged into court soon after the governor signed it , and while a three-judge appeals panel upheld the law last summer , doctors can still ask about guns while the full 11th circuit court of appeals decides whether it will take up the case , a decision that could come down any day , the president of the florida chapter of the american academy of pediatrics , dr. tommy schechtman , told me . he is a plaintiff in the case . in arizona , another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer . bill 1318 goes a step beyond silencing doctors . it requires them to lie . the bill was originally a hum-drum attempt to block health plans from covering abortion services , a common state and federal strategy . but legislators slid in a last-minute provision mandating that physicians who prescribe the abortion pill ru-486 tell patients the pill is reversible . that 's the opinion of a particular san diego doctor who says this can be done through risky , large doses of progesterone . but the doctor has n't proven his case , and his regimen is not recommended by the american college of obstetricians and gynecologists or the food and drug administration . any doctor is certainly within his or her rights to review the limited information available about the san diego regimen and decide whether to discuss it with patients , but actually requiring physicians to make claims most believe to be untrue and unsafe means the legislators are overstepping their bounds and interfering with the patient-doctor relationship . i can not imagine anyone attempting to put words into the mouth of a lawyer privately consulting with a client . why are physicians putting up with a professional assault the american bar association would never permit ? dr. ilana addis , chairwoman of the arizona chapter of the american college of obstetricians and gynecologists , told me the amendment was added shortly before she was scheduled to testify about the bill before the arizona house . while planned parenthood and the aclu joined her organization in criticizing the provision , the bill passed both chambers and was recently signed by the governor . there 's a common relationship shared by these laws , beyond turning doctors into government spokespeople . these laws capitalize on controversial issues to divide and conquer . physicians do n't all share the same opinions on abortion and guns any more than they all vote republican or democrat . this is part of the reason the key state physicians ' associations are n't taking the lead in battling these laws . the battle is left to the specialties most affected . in florida , that 's the state 's chapter of the american academy of pediatrics , since pediatricians are most likely to ask about guns in the home . in arizona , it 's the state chapter of the american college of obstetricians and gynecologists carrying the torch for physician free speech . the florida medical association did n't provide me with details about whether it has a lobbying effort against the gun law , and the arizona medical association told me in a statement that `` arma 's policy is to take no position on abortion . '' representing physicians as a whole , the state medical associations have the most political clout in statehouses . the massachusetts medical society ( mss ) tried to utilize that power recently when it decided to dedicate `` doctor 's day '' to the issue of physician free speech , highlighting the threat posed by florida 's gun law in particular . members are concerned about the precedent being set . arkansas enacted a law similar to arizona just days later . the american medical association can do more . it did file a friend-of-the-court brief as part of the florida legal challenge , but at this writing has n't weighed in on arizona . the ama did n't sign on to a statement released last week by the coalition to protect the patient-provider relationship that hits hard on the new abortion laws as an affront to good medical care . its huge lobbying operations are tied up in washington , while states are the main battleground over the integrity of medical practice . now that the ama has won the age-old `` doc fix '' battle , ending automatic medicare payment cuts to doctors , perhaps it will consider assigning some of its $ 18 million lobbying team to stand in for lackluster state affiliates who 've abdicated their responsibility to vigorously defend the medical profession . we have a surgeon general now , vivek murthy , and he is on a national listening tour while he prepares to announce his areas of policy focus on april 22 , jonathan beeton , a health and human services spokesman told me . i hope murthy will see beyond the bluster of abortion and gun politics and zero in on a key issue affecting public health -- free and unfettered communication between patients and doctors .