( cnn ) it has all the key points you 'd expect on a birth certificate -- baby 's weight , length and date of birth confirmed with an official insignia . the difference here is the governing authority 's stamp : the islamic state in iraq and syria . it 's one of many official documents relating to matters such as vaccination schedules , fishing methods and rent disputes in the areas now controlled by isis . for isis sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law , even if the group is most often talked about for its barbaric punishment of anyone who resists or defies its medieval interpretation of that islamic law . the isis documents , some shared with cnn by researcher aymenn al-tamimi , give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate . last summer , isis fighters swept through the iraqi city of mosul . once they took power , leaders wanted to show they could bring stability allowing daily life to resume . so , they quickly reopened the university of mosul , albeit under a radically altered curriculum . notices went out that classes would resume on 24 dhu al-hijjah 1435 in the islamic calendar ( or october 18 , 2014 , in the western calendar ) , about four months after isis overran the city . but some subjects would be banned -- democracy and political thought , also hotel management and tourism and archaeology . families flee isis in iraq . `` the banning of archaeology is not a surprise , '' says al-tamimi , who is a shillman-ginsburg fellow at the middle east forum at the interdisciplinary center herzliya , in israel . `` we see that reflected in isis destruction of ancient artifacts . isis regards pre-islamic artifacts as relics from the ' period of ignorance ' , jahiliyah . their main concern with archaeology is that it would become a subject turning to idol worship , which is strictly forbidden in islam . `` hotel management and tourism may seem strange as first . but there are no hotels under isis . they have all been taken over and shut down , either rented out or become places to house families . '' mosul university still has the same professors and teachers , al-tamimi says . `` but now teachers are subjected to sharia sessions , to learn what is and what is not acceptable to isis . so , they have preserved the prior system but within isis sharia law conditions . '' the isis health department runs hospitals for anyone feeling ill , not just wounded fighters . it has maternity wards , health clinics , even a mobile vaccination unit . and while an ancient interpretation of religion remains at the heart of rules , there is more nuance than was seen in afghanistan and areas still controlled by the taliban . `` this is one thing that distinguishes isis from groups like the taliban , which forbids vaccinations . polio is a problem in pakistan because the taliban believes the vaccines are a forbidden substance . but isis is not that primitive , '' says al-tamimi . `` this is also reflected in education : the taliban , forbids all girls ' education . but isis allows girls to go to school , albeit in a segregated environment . '' however , education for girls is limited to the age of 15 . reporting from areas controlled by isis is near impossible but anecdotes of daily life and death do emerge . al-tamimi 's conclusions on isis 's governing principles and methods follow similar findings by the quilliam foundation , other researchers and social activists . how isis makes ( and takes ) money . it is an islamic principle to care for the environment , so that 's one reason that using explosives to catch fish is banned . and a quote from the quran saying property owners should lessen the burden on renters to earn spiritual rewards is used at the start of a document outlining a policy on rent control . `` a general theme for isis is that they try , initially when they seize control , to portray themselves as more just , more fair to the inhabitants than the previous ruler , '' explains al-tamimi . `` for example , in syria , the first thing isis did was lower the price of bread . this is as much about winning over the population as it is about religious rulings . '' at times , such as taking up the case of renters , the regime can seem almost benevolent , al-tamimi says . `` if someone does complain , especially in syria , isis does actually try to deal with it , '' he says . `` that 's why they 've been seen by many in syria as imposing order , especially in areas where multiple parties , rebel factions and the syrian government were previously in control . '' isis control of its territory is absolute -- bus schedules show routes from raqqa to mosul and qaim with no acknowledgment of the syria-iraq border , just the new provinces created by the group for its territory . detained isis members speak from iraqi jail . and inside that territory , even entertainment is regulated . foosball can be played , provided there is no gambling and the faces or heads are taken off the figurines to prevent idol worship . a fatwa on entertainment goes on to say that chess , billiards and other `` contemporary games '' do not benefit muslims but may be played if they do not distract from religious obligations . it reaches that conclusion from the quran and other religious teachings . that 's also part of isis strategy , says al-tamimi . `` one of isis 's goals is to present this very religiously learned image , showcasing their knowledge of islamic jurisprudence to justify to their following that they are the moral authority . it 's clear that isis and their religious clerics and scholars are extremely familiar with religious texts and use them to convince and persuade isis followers , which also makes them impervious to any religion-based counterargument . ''