( cnn ) iran 's president on friday hailed the proposed international deal on his country 's nuclear program , vowing that iran will stick to its promises and -- assuming other countries live up to their end of the bargain -- become a more active , engaged player in world affairs . `` some think that we should either fight ... or we should surrender to other powers , '' president hassan rouhani said . `` however , we believe none of that . there is a third path . we can cooperate with the world . '' rouhani said his government kept its word to iranians when negotiating the framework deal , which was agreed upon thursday and sets parameters for talks that could lead to a comprehensive deal by a june 30 deadline . chief among them is that iran would keep at least some centrifuges and no longer face international sanctions . he thanked iranians for their patience and for `` resisting '' by standing up for the country 's rights . as to the rest of the world , the iranian president said he thinks most now realize that iran `` is pursuing peaceful objectives . '' that means trying to develop nuclear energy , not nuclear weapons , as many feared . that fear , combined with distrust of iran 's leaders , spurred the sanctions and the middle eastern nation 's isolation . `` we do not lie , '' rouhani said , vowing that iran will be true to its word , `` provided the other parties will implement their own promises . '' what iranians think of the deal . those promises include reducing iran 's stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98 % for 15 years and significantly scaling back its number of installed centrifuges . still , while it will be shrunken and centralized , iran 's nuclear program wo n't go away . what should happen -- assuming there 's a common view that tehran is doing as required -- is that countries will end their sanctions . that was non-negotiable for iran , with rouhani saying the deal shows his government 's commitment to removing a major `` obstacle ... for business '' by addressing the world 's worries about its nuclear program . `` we need economic productivity , employment for the youth and development of non-oil products , '' he said . `` thus our people can witness better things for their welfare . '' it wo n't be easy , of course , to get iran and the p5+1 -- the united states , russia , china , britain , france and germany -- on the same page regarding the nitty-gritty details of any final agreement , if there is one . after all , it took two extra days past a self-imposed deadline for the parties to reach a framework deal . what 's in the deal ? 7 key points . that agreement followed about a decade of often failed negotiations and deep-rooted acrimony , particularly between iran and the united states . those tensions have n't disappeared , nor is there any guarantee that talks wo n't fall apart again over the next three months . even as he applauded what he called a `` good deal , '' president barack obama pointed out thursday that `` if iran cheats , the world will know it . '' his government is also being pressed by israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu , who blasted the agreement friday as posing a `` grave danger '' by legitimizing iran 's nuclear program and making it easier for iran to develop nuclear weapons . on the iranian side , foreign minister javad zarif has acknowledged that `` mutual mistrust '' has long plagued talks . he notes iran still has `` serious differences with the united states , '' even after thursday 's agreement . still , rouhani expressed hopes friday the nuclear negotiations will change that by further opening up iran to the rest of world , including long-standing adversaries . `` we do shake hands with them . ... even those countries we have tensions with , we would like an end to the animosity , '' he said . `` cooperation and interaction would be in the interest of everyone . '' netanyahu : iran must recognize israel 's right to exist .