( cnn ) anthony sideri hit rock bottom while wrapped in a dirty blanket on the floor of a jail infirmary bathroom in middleton , massachusetts . he was 25 , shivering , sweating , throwing up and going through the full withdrawals of heroin . he had just robbed a bank after shooting up heroin all day . that was july 22 , 2007 , the day his life changed forever . it was the last time he used drugs , the first and only time he was arrested , and the first and only time to fully withdrawal from heroin . `` i knew that my whole world was over , and i thought i was going to die because i never had been so sick , '' sideri said . `` i had nothing to my name , and i did n't know if anyone else in the world even knew i was there . '' nearly eight years later , sideri looks back on his drug-using days like it was another person 's life . sideri was your average student in high school playing on the hockey team , occasionally drinking and smoking weed until he began using drugs on a daily basis . he ca n't pinpoint exactly when it started or how or why , but it got to the point where he was smoking marijuana before , during and after school , and experimenting with mushrooms and acid . `` anything else that i saw , i would have tried , '' he says now . his grades dropped , he lost his eligibility to play sports , but when he was drunk or high , none of that mattered . `` i did n't have to worry about what anyone thought , i could just go to a fantasy land and not have worries , '' sideri said . after graduating from high school in 2000 , sideri began abusing percocet and oxycontin , opium-containing painkillers . as his tolerance to the pills built up , he began snorting the drugs to feel the effects faster . then he moved on to snorting heroin . `` i was n't getting the strong effects of oxycontin anymore , and i was already sniffing something else , so it did n't seem like a leap , '' he said . `` it did n't seem like the heroin i grew up knowing about . '' by 2005 , he had been snorting heroin daily for two years . even as he was doing more and more drugs , he was in denial about his addiction since he had a job with his family 's wholesale snack supply business and a second job as a nightclub bouncer , worked out at the gym and had his own car and a place to live . `` on the outside , i had it all , '' sideri said . that all changed the day he stuck out his arm and had someone put in a needle . once sideri started shooting up heroin , his life spiraled downward in only four months . he was hiding from his loved ones and his drug problem was obvious to everyone around him . he still thought he could control his drug use and quit on his own . `` i really thought i could stop the next day , but i always had an excuse , '' sideri said . `` i was closed off from the rest of the world . ... i was n't even a part of it anymore . '' by july 2007 , he had no more money to fuel his addiction . out of `` pure desperation , '' he robbed a bank in danvers , massachusetts , with another addict . `` robbing a bank seemed like a way to get a lot of money fast , which equaled a lot of heroin , '' said sideri . `` that would hold me over for a long time ... i thought . '' as sideri describes it , his partner entered the bank and handed the teller a cell phone . sideri was on the other end , claiming to have a hostage . the men left with the money and were caught after a brief chase . `` getting caught never even crossed my mind , '' he said . `` i was instead planning what i was going to do after : get drugs . '' that was the last day he ever used . sideri spent the next couple of weeks curled up on the floor of a jail cell withdrawing , cold turkey , from his years of heroin abuse . he describes the withdrawals as like `` having food poisoning for three days straight , '' combined with a burning , tingling sensation in his bones . `` i would flex and punch the floor to try to make it go away . i could n't stop it , and i could n't sit still , '' he said . `` boiling hot showers were the only thing that felt better . burning , burning , burning . '' he was convicted of larceny , conspiracy and threatening to steal from a depository for his part in the robbery . he spent a year in court-ordered rehab and another 22 months in jail . `` jail was the catapult for me , '' sideri said . `` it finally made me say , ' it 's over . ' `` once released in 2010 , sideri vowed to never let drugs influence his life again . he will be celebrating eight years sober this july and has made tremendous strides to repair his life . he is working full time as a salesman for his family 's business and is attending school to become a substance abuse counselor . he is married with a 1-year-old daughter . and he completed probation last month . `` i live a life of honesty and integrity , even when no one is looking , '' sideri said . `` i have a daughter who adores me and thinks i am her hero . and i can be , now . '' it 's been a long journey . he spent nearly eight years rebuilding his relationships with his family , paying off debts , fixing his bad credit and rebuilding his reputation in his small town of north andover . he wants others to know him as the hardworking family man he is now and not judge him by his past . he acknowledges that it 's always going to be an uphill battle for others to not to have a preconceived image of him . `` many people only know about my robbery , addiction and jail time , '' he said . `` they have no idea about who or what i am now . '' sideri says he hopes `` the ripple effects of being true to myself will eventually drown out the bad . '' he already sees that happening when he googles his name and the robbery is no longer the first story that comes up . he visits high school groups to help encourage students to not fall down the path he took and to encourage others to get help . `` anthony was a great kid growing up , but he lost his way , `` said rick gorman , executive director of north andover youth and recreation services . gorman has known sideri since he was in middle school , and tried to help him in high school . `` he is a perfect example that addiction does n't mean the end of the world . '' to those trying to recover from drugs , sideri offers two pieces of advice : 1 . tell everybody . `` a lot of families and individuals tend to think or say , ' do n't tell anyone , ' or ' no one has to know . ' the first step in recovery is honesty . when you hide any part of your mistakes or indiscretions , you are blocking yourself from being free from it . '' 2 . surround yourself with people who make you want to be a better person . `` if you hang out in a barber shop long enough , you 're gon na get a haircut . you have to honestly re-evaluate who you spend time with and remove people who are still using and making other bad choices . '' sideri has many new goals in life . one is to be an example of what recovery looks like and how an addict can truly change . the bottom line , he says : recovery and long-term sobriety is possible .