( cnn ) north korea is in the headlines again . according to a wall street journal report thursday , chinese nuclear experts have told the united states that pyongyang may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads . and while that number may seem stunning , it is actually only part of a troubling story . the key takeaway from the latest assessment of north korea 's nuclear capability is not in the actual number of warheads , but the type of warhead , as this gives a better clue to the future of the country 's weapons capabilities . true , the reported chinese estimate of 20 warheads is large enough to constitute a nuclear `` arsenal . '' however , this number is not actually significantly larger than conventional open source estimates of 10 to 15 warheads previously provided by u.s. and other experts . the big takeaway from the report is instead the prediction that north korea could be in a position to double its arsenal by next year with weapons-grade uranium . if that assessment is correct , and pyongyang can indeed boost its nuclear stockpile by the end of this year to around 40 warheads by utilizing highly-enriched weapons-grade uranium , then the plutonium program that the u.s. and members of the six-party talks had been negotiating over this past quarter century would suddenly seem trivial . after all , the plutonium program might be capable of spitting out maybe a few weapons worth of plutonium annually . this news could be much more serious . why ? for a start , it would mean that north korea 's activities would undoubtedly meet the definition , if it had not already , of a runaway nuclear weapons program , with the potential to be fueled by a large supply of raw uranium buried in north korea 's mines . in addition , while the plutonium program at yongbyon has a clear and detectable profile , the thousands of centrifuges that spin in a uranium-based program have no detectable heat signature or topographic profile , meaning you could store the stuff not just in the labyrinth of underground tunnels in north korea , undetectable from the sky , but in any large warehouse . washington and seoul have tended to have a policy that leans toward downplaying north korean threats , at least when there is n't a full-fledged crisis going on . for example , the united states downplayed north korea 's missile threat until the country successfully put a satellite into orbit in december 2012 . and up until 2006 , no one thought the kim regime would actually dare undertake a nuclear test . these new estimates could therefore be a timely reminder that we may have downplayed the threat north korea poses once again . but thursday 's report is n't the only troubling information we have had recently . just as concerning is the norad commander 's assessment on north korea 's missile capabilities . on april 7 , adm. bill gortney said during a press briefing that the defense department believed pyongyang 's kn-08 intercontinental ballistic missile ( icbm ) is operational , with a warhead capacity . this statement is troubling for two reasons . first , gortney 's statement , when combined with the latest chinese assessment , implies that north korea now not only has nuclear weapons , but the ability to miniaturize such weapons for a warhead that could be placed atop a missile with range rings extending to the u.s. mainland . second , and just as importantly , pyongyang 's advances in mobile icbm capabilities could end up undermining the state of stable deterrence that currently exists on the korean peninsula . put simply , these capabilities could give north korea confidence that it is immune from any u.s. counterstrikes . and if that ends up being the case , the united states could find itself with a renewed headache in asia -- and its carefully calibrated plans for its pivot to the region crumbling .