mogadishu , somalia ( cnn ) gunmen stormed the headquarters of somalia 's education ministry in the country 's capital on tuesday after a suicide car bombing , a two-pronged attack that killed at least 12 people and injured 16 others , officials said . the islamist militant group al-shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of mogadishu , group spokesman abu musab said . the attack began when two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the two-story building housing the ministry of education , culture & higher education , somali national security ministry spokesman mohamed yusuf said . five gunmen then entered the building , shooting people inside , yusuf said . security guards at the building , and , later , somali special forces battled the gunmen inside , witnesses said . soldiers from the african union , who are in somalia in part to support the government 's fight against al-shabaab , teamed up with somali security forces to shoot and kill the five attackers , yusuf said . the attack killed four somali soldiers and eight civilians , according to yusuf . the special forces helped people out of the building while the attack was underway , city police capt . mohamud abdi said . ali hassan , a man who was helped from the building , confirmed that a rescue operation was happening inside . somalia-based al-shabaab has battled the country 's government for years , aiming to overthrow it and turn the nation into a fundamentalist islamic state . in recent years , the group also launched terror attacks beyond somalia 's borders , sometimes targeting non-muslims . what is al-shabaab , and what does it want ? earlier this month , al-shabaab gunmen stormed garissa university college in neighboring kenya , killing 147 people , mostly students . the terrorists separated christians from muslims and shot those who could n't recite verses from the quran , witnesses said . in somalia , al-shabaab has been blamed for attacks that have killed international aid workers , journalists , civilian leaders and african union peacekeepers . late last month , al-shabaab militants detonated a bomb and sprayed bullets at a mogadishu hotel , leaving at least 20 people dead in an attack that lasted a number of hours . among those killed was yusuf mohamed ismail bari-bari , somalia 's permanent representative to the united nations in geneva , switzerland . journalist omar nor reported from mogadishu . cnn 's jason hanna wrote in atlanta .