( cnn ) talk show host dr. mehmet oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of `` manifesting an egregious lack of integrity '' in his tv and promotional work and who call his faculty position at columbia university unacceptable . in a written statement issued last week , oz said , `` i bring the public information that will help them on their path to be their best selves . we provide multiple points of view , including mine which is offered without conflict of interest . that does n't sit well with certain agendas which distort the facts . for example , i do not claim that gmo ( genetically modified organism ) foods are dangerous , but believe that they should be labeled like they are in most countries around the world . i will address this on the show next week . '' that show was taped on tuesday and in a clip posted online after the taping , he tells his audience he will not be silenced . the episode will air on thursday afternoon in most markets , friday in others . it all started when a group of 10 physicians from across the country emailed a letter to columbia university expressing disapproval that oz is on the faculty . the email sent to columbia 's faculty dean for health sciences and medicine , dr. lee goldman , said the group is `` surprised and dismayed '' that oz is on faculty and that he holds a senior administrative position . oz is vice chair of the department of surgery , at columbia university college of physicians and surgeons . the email was sent by dr. henry miller , a fellow in scientific philosophy and public policy at stanford university 's hoover institute . it was signed by nine other physicians from across the country , none of whom is affiliated with columbia . they accuse oz of what they call `` manifesting an egregious lack of integrity by promoting quack treatments and cures in the interest of personal financial gain . '' they go on to say oz has `` either outrageous conflicts of interest or flawed judgments about what constitutes appropriate medical treatments , or both . '' the doctors argue in their emailed letter that oz shows `` disdain for science and for evidence-based medicine , as well as baseless and relentless opposition to the genetic engineering of food crops . '' it 's worth noting that miller previously worked at the fda , at one point reviewing genetically engineered drugs . as an example , they cite an investigation reported on the show in 2011 in which apple juice was presented as having unsafe levels of arsenic . the fda disputed the findings and said the report was misleading and irresponsible . this is not the first time oz has been called out . he was in the hot seat on capitol hill at a june 2014 hearing on false advertising for deceptive weight loss products featured on his show . sen. claire mccaskill , d-missouri , and chairwoman of the senate subcommittee on consumer protection , product safety and insurance , said at the hearing he was perpetuating scams , whether it was intentional or not . miller and the other doctors who signed the email echo that sentiment , saying oz is misleading the public and they tell columbia 's goldman that having him on the faculty is unacceptable . the doctors , who are in different areas of the country and different facets of the medical community , all have a connection to miller although they do not all know each other . cnn has reached out to all of them . those who have responded say miller invited them to sign the email . orlando , florida , anesthesiologist dr. shelley fleet told cnn when she received an email from miller inviting her to sign the email to columbia , she said of course . `` he 's a charlatan , and columbia elevating him to a position of authority is a credence and platform for misleading more people , '' she said in a phone interview . fleet was a classmate of miller 's at mit . dr. joel tepper , a radiology professor at the university of north carolina school of medicine , is also a former classmate of miller 's . he told cnn he does not have a vendetta against oz . he said he just wants him to `` follow the basic rules of science and state what he knows as fact as fact and state what he does n't know as fact as not fact . '' he and fleet share mccaskill 's example of oz 's promotion of `` miracle weight loss drugs '' on the show as failure on oz 's part to follow the oath taken by doctors to do no harm . dr. gordon gill , professor emeritus of medicine and of cellular and molecular medicine at the university of san diego school of medicine , wrote in a letter to cnn : `` in discussions with henry , i agreed that the imprimatur of columbia medical school behind dr. oz gave an inaccurate message to tv viewers and as dr. goldman and i are long time colleagues i was comfortable pointing out these problems to him . '' miller worked in gill 's research lab before he went to medical school . while the email does not call for any specific action to be taken by the university , miller told cnn in an email that the group 's goal is `` for dr. oz to resign from the columbia faculty and decide that he 'd prefer a career as a tv celebrity doctor . '' oz spokesman tim sullivan sent an email to cnn last week listing the names of five of the 10 people who complained about oz . the email questions the integrity and even the qualifications of those who are pointing fingers at oz . for its part , columbia university is standing by oz . spokesman doug levy said in a statement , `` columbia is committed to the principle of academic freedom and to upholding faculty members ' freedom of expression for statements they make in public discussion . '' levy added that the university 's role is to foster research , and it will not take action that hinders public statements by faculty members . the university has no position on what faculty members say in public discussion -- that is their individual academic freedom and is provided to them in the university 's governing documents , he said . a cardiac surgeon , oz came to columbia for his residency after medical school in 1986 and rose through the ranks . he is also the director of the cardiovascular institute and complementary medicine program at new york presbyterian hospital . oz rose to fame after frequent appearances on `` the oprah winfrey show '' led to the creation of his own show and magazine . he is also co-founder of the consumer health website sharecare.com . cnn 's elizabeth cohen , anne woolsey and kim berryman contributed to this report .