( cnn ) ciudad juarez , mexico , was once known as the murder capital of the world . back in 2010 , at the height of cartel violence , the city averaged 8.5 killings per day . but five years later , local officials say the city is much safer , and plans are underway to lure foreign tourists and investors back to juarez . this month the city launched the tourism campaign `` juarez is waiting for you . '' the rebranding effort started quietly a year ago , and on april 10 , it was on full display . mayor enrique serrano officially kicked off the campaign , giving what he called an `` unprecedented '' high-profile tour to regional leaders from the united states and mexico . u.s. rep. robert `` beto '' o'rourke of texas was one of those on a leg of the juarez tour . his congressional district includes el paso , texas , which sits directly across the rio grande . o'rourke says there 's good reason for locals to be hopeful . `` as a region , el paso and juarez represent 20 % of all u.s-mexico trade . the binational ties are strong and have remained strong , '' o'rourke says . `` yes , we had a really difficult time for a ... period . juarez was at one time the deadliest city in the world . '' o'rourke speaks of a time between 2009 and 2012 when men , women and children were killed indiscriminately . many were helplessly caught in the cartel violence . others were victims of the drug turf war . it was n't that long ago , o'rourke says , that he thought twice about crossing the bridge into juarez . `` ( now ) i travel to juarez regularly to have lunch or meet people or just to go . i always feel safe and secure . '' a spokesman for the chihuahua state attorney general 's office told cnn that at one point , there were days when juarez had more than 20 killings . `` that was normal , '' spokesman julio castaneda told cnn . `` it 's safer now . '' the numbers from the attorney general 's office seem to bear that out . more than 3,000 people were killed in the city just four years ago , but so far this year there have been 89 killings , according to castaneda -- a dramatic decrease in the violence . `` undoubtedly , the work we did here in the past year with the police institutions , and specifically the local police , helped . there was a coordinated effort between agencies , '' castaneda said . `` without a doubt this work played a part in breaking apart the gangs that were plaguing the city . '' the government cleaned up corruption within the local police force , and fired or arrested a lot of bad cops who were helping the cartels . another factor that may have helped : the turf war between the juarez and sinaloa cartels essentially ended , with the sinaloa cartel claiming victory in the battle for the trafficking route in juarez . o'rourke argues that the el paso-juarez border is `` safer than it 's ever been . '' he cites the `` 30 million lawful crosses from el paso into juarez '' last year as a symbolic step . yet there are those who do n't want to celebrate too soon . `` for juarez to be considered a safe city , there 's a long way to go , '' says sergio meza , executive director for plan estrategico de juarez , an independent organization that works to improve the city 's quality of life . `` just this past year ( in 2014 ) there were 424 homicides . in 2007 , there were 272 . yes , we 're not as bad . but we 're still very sick , '' meza told cnn from his office in juarez . `` in reality , we 're progressing from the conditions that were generated by the insecurity . we 're still working out the corruption in the city . it 's still an issue here . '' with more than 40 % of juarez living below the poverty line , according to plan estrategico de juarez , the future of the city will depend on `` the people 's participation in public matters . '' in fact , the organization 's slogan is `` nothing is fixed alone . participate . '' `` we are looking at a compromised future , '' meza said . `` we do n't talk about that . we do n't have the money to generate work here . '' one bright spot : u.s. investment is making a comeback . american companies delphi , honeywell , flextronics and lear are among those that ramped up hiring and investment in juarez over the last year . that hiring would have been hard to imagine four years ago . but with the average salary at $ 20 per week for local workers in the maquiladores , or factories , along the u.s.-mexico border in juarez , meza says more needs to be done . the scars from the recent past remain . several buildings downtown are shuttered and marred by graffiti . americans who , before the violence , came to juarez for bargain shopping have not returned in the numbers seen before the spike in violence . but in a sign of progress , the u.s. state department amended its travel warning for the city . while it still urges visitors to exercise appropriate caution , it 's no longer telling people not to come . longtime residents of juarez and neighboring el paso may be reluctant to say the wounds of the violent past have altogether healed . in the last year , however , they have definitely noticed that `` life is back . '' `` i measure it by the everyday coming and going of people , '' gustavo reveles , 39 , told cnn . `` for someone who grew up on the border and for someone who spent half of his life crossing the border on a weekly basis , it 's encouraging to be crossing back to juarez without that sort of hesitation or worry that something might happen . '' reveles lived in juarez until he was 15 and now lives in el paso . he says the threat of violence is `` still a little bit concerning , '' though that has n't stopped him in recent weeks from going to juarez to meet friends for dinner and drinks . `` things have changed , '' he said . `` to go through what juarez went through , you see life there again . you see a semblance of what was there before . to really recover and heal wounds , there 's a long way to go , but the process has started and that 's a step in the right direction . '' cnnmoney 's octavio blanco contributed to this report .