( cnn ) for five decades , bikram choudhury built an empire . the signature `` hot yoga '' bearing his name drew throngs of devotees , spawning studios teaching the practice all over the world . he became a spiritual leader and celebrity icon with a long list of famous followers and friends . but now , the bikram brand is in jeopardy , with some yoga studios dropping his name after the guru was accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students . responding to the allegations for the first time in an exclusive interview with cnn , choudhury said he wanted to set the record straight . `` i want to show you , '' he said , `` tell the truth to the world , that i never assaulted them . '' choudhury repeatedly denied sexually assaulting anyone , saying he would never resort to physical aggression to have sex because he has so many offers . `` women like me . women love me , '' he said . `` so if i really wanted to involve the women , i do n't have to assault the women . '' he said he feels sorry for his accusers , claiming they 've been manipulated by lawyers to lie . `` i have nothing against them . i do n't think they 're bad people . it 's not them saying that , '' he said . `` they are influenced by somebody . '' but choudhury 's accusers say he 's the one who 's been lying . `` this stuff that he 's teaching is really good stuff , but he 's hurting people and hiding behind this good stuff so people do n't believe he 's capable of hurting people , '' said sarah baughn , a former student who now accuses choudhury of sexual assault . `` he 's got to stop lying behind it . and he 's got to stop doing this to people . '' choudhury is the founder of bikram 's yoga college of india . he 's featured prominently on its website , which details his system of performing 26 unique yoga poses while in a very hot room . with studios heated to 105 degrees , he credits the steamy , sweaty stretches with transforming people 's bodies and minds . he said he 's guided by a deep calling to help others . civil lawsuits filed in los angeles superior court tell the story of a different bikram choudhury , describing him as someone who preyed on young women who looked to him for guidance . besides baughn 's claim of sexual assault , five other women have come forward with civil lawsuits claiming choudhury raped them . the los angeles police department , without explanation , declined to pursue criminal charges in the cases . at first , baughn said , she felt bikram yoga would be the answer to her years of back pain and depression . `` it was really quite life-changing for me . ... i felt good for the first time in a while , '' she said , describing her first class . baughn said her father helped her take out a $ 7,000 loan so she could attend bikram 's teacher training . but within the first week , she said , one episode left her feeling uncomfortable . in a meeting in choudhury 's office , she said , the guru seemed to make an advance . `` he said , ' what should we do about us ? we need to make this a relationship . ... i 've known you from a past life . ' it was instantly shocking . i felt like my whole system just sort of imploded , '' she said . then , she said , choudhury cornered her late one night , making it clear she had to sleep with him in order to advance her career . `` he crawled on top of me and he put his hand on my , inside of my thigh , and the other hand he wrapped around me , and he was holding me there , '' she said . `` he told me that he needed somebody to be with him , to massage him , to brush his hair , to spend time with him , that he was lonely . and he said , ' and i need someone to , to have sex with me . ' '' choudhury , she said , claimed she 'd never win a yoga competition if he did n't have sex with her . `` i pushed him off of me and i said , ' i can do this by myself . ' and he said , ' no you ca n't . there 's no way . ' and i got up and i left the room , '' she said . in another instance , she said choudhury pinned her against a door and sexually assaulted her when she was left alone with him late one night at a teacher training course . `` i just remember i was terrified . i did n't want to be touched again . when i reached the door , he was there , '' she said . `` he was only in his boxers and a t-shirt . and he pushed himself up against me and held me up against the door , '' she said . `` and he just started kissing all over my chest and my body . and he pushed himself into me very hard . '' ultimately , baughn said she was able to open the door and get away . choudhury said baughn 's claims are false . `` it 's not truth . i do n't do that . i do n't have to , '' he said . he said he makes it a practice to never be alone with any of his students . he repeatedly denied assaulting his accusers or ever having consensual sex with them . but when asked whether he 'd had sex with other students , he responded , `` yes and no . '' `` i have no intention to have sex with any of my students or any women , '' said choudhury , who said he 's been married to his wife for more than 30 years . `` sometimes students , they commit suicide . lots of students of mine , they commit suicide because i will not have sex with them . '' bikram claimed these encounters took place before he was married . but when asked for evidence , bikram 's attorney advised him not to give cnn names . robert tafoya , choudhury 's attorney , said there are plenty of reasons to doubt the accusers ' claims . `` we know for a fact that these claims allegedly occurred years and years and years ago , and nobody ever came forward , '' he said . `` and yet , after this lawyer sends out these kinds of blasts in social media asking people if they 've been a victim of bikram choudhury , all of a sudden these people come forward and all have very similar claims . '' carney shegerian , baughn 's attorney , said that 's simply not true . when baughn started telling her story , he said , others were inspired to speak out . `` when she came forward and went public , it attracted other people , and the other five plaintiffs to also have a modicum of confidence to discuss what had happened to them , '' he said . baughn said she was inspired by her young daughter to come forward when she did . `` she 's 5 now , 5½ . but when i looked at my little girl and all i could see was 10 years down the road , or 20 years down the road , and her being just like me , the only thing i could see was her getting raped and assaulted , '' she said . choudhury vowed to clear his name . but he said the damage has already been done to his family . he cries as he describes how his wife has responded to the allegations against him . `` my wife never look at me anymore , '' he said . `` my children , my wife ... we only die once in our life . i 'm dying every day when i get up in the morning . '' the situation , he said , has destroyed his family . `` how can i share my heart , my spirit ? twenty-four hours a day , i work harder than any other human being . and this is the reward ? i 'm a rapist ? '' he said . `` shame on your culture , western culture . shame , shame . your job ( is ) to go and tell the world the truth . '' cnn 's catherine e. shoichet , dana ford and mayra cuevas contributed to this report .