( cnn ) two pieces of audio recorded in the immediate aftermath of a deadly police shooting in south carolina emerged monday . the voice of michael slager can be heard in both . the former north charleston police officer is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old walter scott . in the first recording , an unidentified officer talks to slager about what might happen . `` once they get here , it 'll be real quick . they 're gon na tell you , you 're gon na be off for a couple days and we 'll come back and interview you then . they 're not gon na ask you any type of questions right now . they 're gon na take your weapon , '' the officer says . `` it 'd probably be a good idea to jot down your thoughts about whatever happened ... once the adrenaline stops pumping . '' slager responds : `` it 's pumping , '' and then laughs . the second audio , taken from dash cam video from inside a patrol car , captures a phone call between slager and someone cnn believes is his wife . he tells her : `` hey . hey , everything 's ok. ok ? i just shot somebody . '' `` he grabbed my taser , yeah . yeah , '' says slager . `` he was running from me . ... i 'm fine . '' if convicted of murder , the former officer faces up to life in prison or the death penalty , although a death penalty case appears unlikely at this point . `` based on the facts revealed thus far , it does not appear south carolina 's death penalty provision applies in this case because there are no statutory ' aggravating circumstances ' present , '' scarlett a. wilson , who is the chief prosecutor for the ninth judicial circuit in the state , said on her facebook page . slager was charged after cell phone video emerged , showing him firing at scott as the man ran away . who was walter scott ? pierre fulton was riding in a car with scott before the shooting took place . `` walter was a dear friend and i miss him every day , '' fulton said in a statement given to abc news by his lawyer . `` over the past five years he helped me to become a better man and showed me the value of hard work . '' `` i 'll never know why he ran , but i know he did n't deserve to die , '' fulton said . `` please keep walter and his family in your prayers and respect my privacy moving forward . '' scott 's passenger meets with police . scott 's death has reignited a national conversation around race and policing . scott was black ; slager is white . the case has also brought to light previous instances in which slager 's behavior on the job is being questioned . on monday , attorneys for a man named julius wilson announced that they were filing a lawsuit in connection with an august 2014 traffic stop . during the stop , three officers -- including slager -- pulled wilson out of his car . wilson was then allegedly shocked with a stun gun . the suit claims slager used excessive force . slager was also named in a police complaint in 2013 after he allegedly `` tased a man for no reason '' before slamming him to the ground and dragging him , according to the north charleston police department . at the time , slager was searching for a suspect who was described as being 5-feet-5-inches tall . the african-american man he confronted was 6-feet-3 inches tall . a lawyer for mario givens , the man who filed the complaint , said last week that his client plans to file a lawsuit . givens said slager came to his door , ordered him out of the house and then tased him . slager was later cleared in that incident . what we know about officer slager . cnn 's ray sanchez contributed to this report .