( cnn ) it 's only june , but 2015 may be remembered as the year the term `` transgender '' fully entered mainstream consciousness . in january , president obama condemned the persecution of `` people who are lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender , '' becoming the first president to utter the word in a state of the union address . `` transparent , '' about an aging father who begins living as a woman , won two top awards at the golden globes , while transgender actress laverne cox of `` orange is the new black '' -- who made the cover of time magazine last year -- was just cast in a new cbs drama . the may issue of vogue has a photo spread with transgender model andreja pejic , who said on instagram this week that she `` was told by various people many times over that the chances of me ending up on these pages were slim to none . '' a transgender character had a recurring storyline on the just-wrapped final season of `` glee , '' while transgender activist and youtube star jazz jennings will star in a reality show debuting on tlc this summer . and then there 's bruce jenner , whose physical appearance has become more feminine in recent months as the olympic hero turned reality tv star underwent a very public gender transition . jenner ended months of speculation in an interview that aired april 24 on `` 20/20 '' with diane sawyer . `` are you a woman ? '' sawyer asked . `` yes , '' jenner replied . now comes the new issue of vanity fair , with jenner on the cover in makeup and a skimpy dress , along with a new name : caitlyn . it 's more obvious than ever that transgender people , long relegated to society 's shadows , are finally stepping into the light . `` we are at a social inflection point on transgender issues , '' says riki wilchins , a former transgender activist and author of three books on queer theory , who believes all the attention could have a positive impact . `` civil rights for minorities come in fits and starts . we 're on an upswing now . '' opinion : why we need to listen to bruce jenner 's story . transgender is an umbrella term for people whose gender identity -- their internal , personal sense of being a man or a woman -- differs from what 's typically associated with their sex at birth . some transgender people alter their bodies through hormones and or surgery , although many do n't . a 2011 study estimated that 700,000 american adults , or roughly 0.3 % of the population , identified themselves as transgender . for decades , trans people , as many transgender people like to be called , rarely saw themselves represented in popular culture . but recent years have brought the `` dancing with the stars '' contestant chaz bono ; filmmaker lana wachowski , formerly known as larry wachowski , a co-director of `` the matrix '' ; jared leto 's oscar-winning role in `` dallas buyers club '' ; and of course , `` orange is the new black , '' whose cast is a mix of ethnicities and sexualities . now , between `` transparent '' and other shows , recognition from obama and tabloid headlines about jenner , the national conversation around gender identity appears to have reached a new level . all this makes transgender advocates cautiously optimistic . hayden mora , deputy chief of staff at the human rights campaign and a transgender man , remains hopeful that the growing number of transgender faces beaming weekly into america 's living rooms can only have a positive effect . `` i believe that the more people who know transgender people , the more they will understand , accept and support us , '' mora says . `` that happens only if they acknowledge our humanity , and not treat us like tabloid fodder . '' the transgender life : what to know , say and understand . still , activists agree there 's a long way to go before transgender people stop facing discrimination or worse . for relatives and friends who are used to seeing someone as male or female , gender changes can be hard to accept . transgender people have long been misunderstood and persecuted -- as recently as 2012 , the american psychiatric association classified them as having a mental `` disorder . '' a recent report by the human rights campaign found that transgender people in the united states are more likely to face discrimination from employers and the effects of unemployment and poverty . many also are denied services from safety-net providers such as emergency shelters . a poll last year found that 59 % of americans believe transgender students should use the bathroom of their birth gender . in december , attorney general eric holder announced that transgender people will receive federal protection from discrimination under title vii of the civil rights act of 1964 . but violence against trans people -- especially transgender women of color -- remains a national plague . according to recent statistics from the human rights campaign , at least 13 transgender women were slain last year in the united states and at least seven have already been killed this year . of those 20 victims , all but one were black or latina . `` we are definitely in a critical moment for the trans movement . over the last year we have ... seen an increase in visibility that was unimaginable even just a few years ago , '' said kris hayashi , executive director of the transgender law center . `` at the same time it is clear that visibility is not enough . '' in one case that made national headlines , a transgender ohio teen committed suicide in late december after her parents refused to acknowledge her wish to live as a girl . `` transgender people are still subject to profound discrimination and violence , '' said wilchins . `` greater acceptance is really needed , and long overdue . '' when your young daughter says ' i 'm a boy ' . so what impact will bruce jenner 's story have on all this ? gender-rights activists are reluctant to speculate . some fear the media firestorm around jenner , fueled by ties to the camera-loving kardashian clan , trivializes what is a wrenching personal journey for many people . `` you want to wish bruce the best . but at the same time , you wish it was n't being played out for reality-tv entertainment , '' said wilchins , the gender-rights advocate . `` yes , it 's great that we 're educating people . but we 're talking about a civil rights issue that keeps getting recast as entertainment . '' as a much-hyped tv event , the jenner interview gave millions of viewers their first exposure to gender-identity questions and put a sympathetic human face on an issue that remains perplexing to many people . but it could also trigger a backlash , some say . amy stone , associate professor of sociology and anthropology at trinity university in san antonio , texas , fears jenner could provoke those who already are averse to gay or transgender people . such people `` tend to use these moments to frighten the general public , relying on fears about trans women in bathrooms or locker rooms , '' said stone , author of numerous books about queer politics and culture . `` usually these moments tap into pre-existing panics about gender or sexuality , not necessarily spawning new ones . ''