( cnn ) the united states has gained much from its position as a space-faring nation . indeed , u.s. access to space has provided incredible benefit to u.s. national security , defense and the economic well-being of the nation . and in order to effectively confront current and future conflicts , combat terrorism and counter the proliferating threats worldwide , our military depends on space-based capabilities , including intelligence , gps , and communications satellites . unfortunately , as global threats increase and the need for assured space access accelerates , the u.s. is faced with a troubling reality -- we are far too reliant on russian technology to meet our national security obligations . how ? for a start , we depend on the atlas v rocket , which carries many of our most important satellites and is powered by the russian-made rd-180 rocket engine . the fact that we rely on russia , currently under sanctions for invading a sovereign nation , should reinforce the need for a change in our current course . assured access to space is an area where the u.s. should not be reliant on nonsecure foreign supply chains , which are subject to disruption , threats , unfavorable contracts and undue leverage against the interests of the u.s . the ukraine crisis should have served as a wake-up call , highlighting the danger of dependence on russia to launch national security satellites into space . and the united states should play no part in supporting the defense industry of a country that continues to abrogate the sovereignty and territorial integrity of its neighbors . simply put , it is bad policy to rely on others for critical national security requirements , and worse policy when this reliance supports countries taking action in direct contradiction to u.s. national security interests . dmitry rogozin , a russian deputy prime minister in charge of defense and space industries , has called american taxpayer outlays for the russian engine `` free money '' that goes directly back into russia 's missile modernization programs . it is high time the u.s. government turn to its existing domestic capability and turn off this flow of funds . fortunately , there are some signs of progress . last year , congress took bipartisan action to phase out reliance on the rd-180 engine by the end of the decade , and to transition to an all-american space launch capability . the defense authorization for fiscal year 2015 included restrictions on the future use of the rd-180 for the atlas v , authorizing $ 220 million to begin development of a u.s. alternative . this was a wise move , but it 's not enough . there are steps that the united states can take now to ensure our access to space and secure our comparative advantage in space -- and in the world . true , development of a new launch system will take time ; there are no overnight answers . however , a combination of existing capabilities and dynamic development of new capabilities by the private sector can serve as a foundation for eliminating any capability gap in the u.s. space program . indeed , new entrants are coming online using launch vehicle systems fully designed and manufactured in america . the two main launch competitors -- united launch alliance and spacex -- each have all-american systems , namely ula 's delta iv family of rockets and spacex 's falcon 9 . having both options will put america on the path to fielding its indigenous space capabilities for the next generation , while strengthening a space industrial base weakened since the end of the cold war . the short-term goal should be to transition to existing american-manufactured launch vehicles , as opposed to phasing out systems such as the delta iv , which continue to provide critical capability . in the long term , next-generation development programs should not involve major russian subsystems and components . it is time to end america 's reliance on russia 's rocket engine . this would be good for national security , good for american innovation and the industrial base -- and good for our country 's future .