new york ( cnn ) wall street is more than ready for hillary clinton . the former secretary of state confirmed on sunday what the political world has expected for months -- eight years after her first failed white house bid , clinton will once again seek the democratic party 's nomination for president . `` i 'm hitting the road to earn your vote , because it 's your time , '' clinton said in a video released sunday afternoon officially kicking off her campaign . `` and i hope you 'll join me on this journey . '' as clinton sets off onto the campaign trail to reintroduce herself to voters and court donors across the country , wall street elites are ready to roll out the red carpet . but while the enthusiastic support from the industry will be a financial boon for clinton 's newly launched campaign , it will also pose a delicate balancing act when it comes to appeasing a vocal wing of her party that is antagonistic toward the banking sector . clinton , 67 , has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry . as a new york senator for almost a decade , she represented wall street and courted the industry aggressively during her last presidential campaign . and there is a certain degree of nostalgia within the industry for her husband 's two-term presidency , marked by the 1990s bull market and broad financial deregulation , including the repeal of the glass-steagall act , which separated commercial banking from riskier investing activities . now clinton 's allies in the finance world are eager to galvanize a broad network of potential donors in new york and beyond . many on wall street and in the broader business community view her as a dependable , business-friendly force within a democratic party that has grown increasingly populist during president barack obama 's time in office . robert wolf , the former ceo of ubs americas and a close obama associate who will back clinton in 2016 , said there 's an `` incredible amount of enthusiasm '' for her campaign to get off the ground . `` we know the secretary from the years of being first lady to the senator to the secretary , so we have decades of working relationship with her , '' wolf , who now runs a boutique consulting firm headquartered in manhattan , told cnn . `` i do n't think it 's surprising that the former senator of new york is close to the finance community . '' longtime clinton friend and prominent democratic fundraiser alan patricof , who founded the venture capital firm greycroft partners , said clinton has `` an enormous following '' both inside and outside of the finance world . `` there are a lot of people who perhaps did n't know her as well before who are all set to jump on the bandwagon , '' patricof said . as compared with 2008 , he added : `` there is no diminishment , just the opposite -- an acceleration of interest in her running for the presidency . '' but the fanfare wo n't sit well with everyone . the former first lady 's perceived coziness with wall street is a source of irritation for liberal activists , who hope to push the eventual democratic nominee to embrace progressive ideals during the 2016 primaries . clinton , who lost her first presidential campaign to a challenger from the left , seems to recognize that the liberal wing of the party has grown even more vocal and influential since then , especially on economic matters . her video message on sunday centered on the theme of upward mobility and an economic recovery that has left some behind . `` americans have fought their way back from tough economic times , but the deck is still stacked in favor of those at the top , '' clinton said , vowing to be a `` champion '' of `` everyday americans . '' that statement tracks closely with her tone in recent public appearances , where the former secretary has been hitting on populist economic themes . she has taken on a range of issues that most appeal to liberals , such as the wealth gap , minimum wage and equal pay , in the months leading up to her announcement . in january , she took to social media to defend the 2010 dodd-frank wall street reform law , which contains provisions that the industry has tried to roll back . `` attacking financial reform is risky and wrong , '' she wrote on twitter . bill daley , a longtime clinton ally and former obama chief of staff , said clinton has to reintroduce herself to the party . if she defends policies viewed as having contributed to the financial crisis , daley said , `` that 's a problem . '' he continued : `` my guess is she 'll have enough policy positions that says she 's not in the tank with them . '' clinton 's early gestures have not satisfied some activists , who point to massachusetts democratic sen. elizabeth warren as their candidate of choice . several liberal groups have even launched a formal draft campaign to elevate the senator and highlight her progressive views . former republican new hampshire sen. judd gregg , who served as head of the securities industry and financial markets association , said part of clinton 's challenge stems from the fact that `` the center of the democratic party has moved very much to the left . '' `` hillary has always been much more rational on these issues and much more mainstream , '' gregg said . `` i presume she 's going to get the nomination , but she may be contested from the left . '' while warren has shown no interest in running for president this cycle , other democrats have been taking aim at big banks as they tour the early presidential states . former maryland gov . martin o'malley , former virginia sen. jim webb and vermont sen. bernie sanders , an independent who caucuses with democrats , are all testing the waters . they have made economic populism central to their potential campaigns , proposing to crack down on the banking sector , reform the culture on wall street and toughen financial regulations . none of these potential candidates will be able to compete with clinton 's extensive fundraising apparatus . but their presence in the race could exert pressure on clinton to embrace progressive policies . after clinton 's announcement sunday , a collection of liberal activists declared that the former secretary of state must prove her progressive bona fides . `` we look forward to hillary clinton and other candidates laying out their platforms and hearing whether they embrace the fights that sen. warren has spent her life leading , '' said ready for warren campaign manager erica sagrans . `` in the coming days , ready for warren will be stepping up our efforts to convince warren to run for president . '' now that she is a formally declared candidate , political strategists expect clinton to be more outspoken , laying out her economic priorities quickly and in her own terms . democratic strategist chris lehane downplayed the notion of clinton-warren tension in the democratic party , predicting that with clinton as an announced candidate , `` she 'll offer a pretty compelling rationale '' for her campaign . lehane , who worked in bill clinton 's administration , said he envisioned an economic message for clinton anchored in her biography : `` i grew up in the midwest in a middle class family , i understand the challenges that they face , we need to make sure that america gives people a fair shot . '' despite clinton 's embrace of more populist rhetoric , finance and business leaders are n't too concerned that she will back policies that are anathema to them . they expect that she will be able to articulate a broad economic goals aimed at the middle class rather than one that rails against bailouts and financial excess , particularly as the country gets more distance from the last financial crisis . kathy wylde , president of the partnership for new york city , a prominent business coalition , predicted that clinton would be able to maintain her relationship with wall street without alienating the liberal base . the fact that clinton `` is knowledgeable and maintains good , open relationships with the business and financial world does not suggest that she 's in anybody 's pocket , '' wylde said . `` she 's demonstrated that she 's an independent force . ''