( cnn ) hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21 . the state 's legislature on friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes . the bill will now go before gov . david ige , whose signature would make it law in hawaii as of january 1 , 2016 . forty-six u.s. states permit the sale of tobacco to anyone 18 or older , while alabama , alaska , new jersey and utah require customers to be at least 19 . dozens of cities and towns , including new york , have already raised the minimum legal age for tobacco purchases to 21 . `` this bold step will reduce smoking among young people , save lives and help make the next generation tobacco-free , '' said matthew l. myers , president of the campaign for tobacco-free kids , in a prepared statement . `` increasing the sale age to 21 will reduce tobacco use among youth and young adults , age groups when nearly all smoking begins and that are heavily targeted by the tobacco industry , '' he said . it was not clear monday whether ige would sign the bill , although on friday he approved legislation banning the the use of e-cigarettes in all locations where smoking is illegal . a spokeswoman for the governor told cnn in an email that he would need some time to review the bill . the legislation comes after a report last month from the institute of medicine that said barring people under age 21 from buying cigarettes would have significant public health benefits . setting the minimum age at 21 nationwide would result in nearly a quarter-million fewer premature deaths and 50,000 fewer deaths from lung cancer among people born between 2000 and 2019 , the report estimated . raise the smoking age ? report predicts big health benefits if we do . teenagers , especially those between 15 and 17 , are most vulnerable to addiction at a time when their brains are still developing , said the study , which was conducted at the request of the u.s. food and drug administration . if the minimum legal age for tobacco use was raised to 21 , the prevalence of smokers among today 's teens would decline by 12 % when they become adults , the report said . under the hawaii bill , anyone caught breaking the law would face a $ 10 fine for the first offense and a $ 50 fine or community service for a second offense . a 2014 survey of hawaii voters found that 71 % favored raising the legal age to 21 .