( cnn ) it was n't until her 20s that fethiye cetin discovered her armenian ancestry . her grandmother , 90 years old at the time , told cetin that her real name was heranus . like many other survivors of 1915 , heranus assimilated and kept her identity hidden . many feared a repeat of the horrors they witnessed and barely escaped . in a crowded reception before a memorial concert in istanbul this week , people rushed to greet fethiye cetin . a strong , soft-spoken woman now in her 60s , cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented armenian-turkish journalist hrant dink . dink was a strong proponent of reconciliation between turks and armenians who was tried for `` insulting turkishness . '' he was assassinated in 2007 . the shocking discovery of her true heritage would change cetin 's life . she tells heranus ' story in an evocative memoir titled `` my grandmother . '' heranus and her family were among a massive stream of women and children being forcibly marched by ottoman soldiers , not knowing where they were going or why they were torn away from their male relatives . echoing throughout the procession were morbid whispers that the men and teenage boys had all been killed . heranus was 9 at the time . an officer spotted her and her brother and wanted to take them away . her mother protested but she was told by others , `` the children are dying one by one . no one will make it out alive from this march . if you give them , their lives will be saved . '' heranus and her brother were scooped up onto the officer 's horse and taken to a garden packed with other children and fed the first warm meal they had had in days . but soon reality set in and heranus began to cry and beg to see her mother . heranus was separated from her brother , adopted by the officer and his wife , who could not have children of their own . her name was changed to seher and she was raised muslim . and so she survived , had children and grandchildren . cetin was in law school when her grandmother revealed her secret and painful memories of her armenian roots . it shattered all that she knew to be real . the 1915 forced deportations and massacres were not taught in turkey 's schools . `` there was a huge silence '' cetin said . `` it was not just the victims that were silent ; it was all of society . '' cetin felt rebellion welling up inside her . `` i wanted to go on the streets and scream that they are lying to us , '' she remembers , `` a cruelty like this happened , and i wanted to shout it out loud . '' armenia and the armenian diaspora have been doing exactly that and demanding that the `` great catastrophe '' be recognized as genocide by turkey and the world . armenian president serzh sargysan said earlier this year that `` impunity paved a path to holocaust and genocides in rwanda , cambodia and darfur . '' the survivors of 1915 and witnesses remember massacres , bloodied rivers , concentration camps , rape and death marches into the syrian desert . the republic of turkey has always rejected the term `` genocide . '' rather , the ottoman empire 's committee of union and progress believed armenian nationalists to be collaborating with the russian army , which was at war with the ottoman empire . to prevent this alliance and stop violence against civilians , the committee undertook a policy of `` relocation '' to move armenian populations residing in or near the war zone to southern provinces . turkey argues that wartime conditions , famine and internal conflicts led to the death of millions of ottomans , including armenian subjects . but it 's only in the last decade that public dialogue in turkey began . `` we just started breaking the silence recently '' , cetin said . `` people were quiet for 90 years in this country . '' turkish leaders have recently taken a more reconciliatory tone . turkish president recep tayyip erdogan offered turkey 's condolences last year to the descendants of the armenians who lost their lives . he called for the establishment of a joint historical commission in order to study the `` events '' of 1915 . but pope francis ' use of the word `` genocide '' and the european parliament 's resolution last week angered turkish leaders . the ministry of foreign affairs called the resolution `` selective and one-sided , '' claiming it repeated `` anti-turkish clichés . '' erdogan deemed it a `` hostile campaign against turkey . '' this week , turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu repeated the call for a historical inquiry and the need for an approach based on `` just memory '' for a `` common peaceful future . '' he asked that third parties , such as pope francis , refrain from `` aggravating age-old wounds . '' a century on , cetin says the dynamism surrounding the 100th anniversary excites her , bringing together artists , musicians , scholars and intellectuals as well as turkey 's citizens of all ethnicities and armenians from across the world . if the government were to acknowledge 1915 as a genocide , it would speed up the reconciliation and healing process , she says . `` but if it does not face genocide , then it does not matter . society coming face to face with it is more important . '' still cetin remains hopeful that turkey will accept its moral obligation towards history and its people . as an armenian turk , cetin has helped others retrace their roots and look for long lost answers . but for many , the emotional journey remains unfulfilled as long as turkey denies the cause of their pain .