( cnn ) saturday 's deadly earthquake in nepal was the `` big one '' experts were waiting for based on the region 's history . earthquakes are a fact of life in the south asian country , with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year , geologist and science journalist kate ravilious said . with the last major earthquake in 1934 , the concern was not if , but when the next `` great '' earthquake would hit , said ravilious , author of the 2014 article , `` kathmandu 's earthquake nightmare . '' in a landlocked country like nepal , where infrastructure is fragile to begin with , the consequences of such an earthquake had the potential to be `` much more serious , '' ravilious told cnn . those fears were realized when a magnitude-7.8 earthquake centered less than 50 miles from the national capital of kathmandu rocked nepal , toppling homes , historic buildings and leaving more 1,400 dead , authorities said . `` this event , while large and tragic , is not unusual for that region of the world as the whole mountain range stretching from tibet almost to caspian sea is an area of major collision between continental plates , '' said geological engineer nicholas sitar with the university of california , berkeley 's department of civil and environmental engineering . what 's different this time from 1934 is the size and density of kathmandu , which suffered the brunt of damage in both earthquakes . `` the population has exploded in several decades , '' u.s. geological survey spokesman gavin hayes told cnn . `` when you get a vast population in the kind of building infrastructure that is n't equipped to handle shaking of an earthquake this size , that 's when you see the scale of disaster we 're seeing now . '' the big unknown is what happens next , now that the initial rumbles of the quake have passed , ravilious said . how will emergency response teams enter the landlocked country , whose single international airport is closed ? how will transports carrying aid move through the country if roads are destroyed ? if and when landslides start , how will mountainside villages in the himalayan range fare ? and , will it all be resolved before monsoon season starts ? `` the worry now is to get nepal up and running again on feet , '' ravilious said . `` the monsoons in a couple of months could make things worse if we do n't sort things out before then . '' an earthquake is the ground shaking caused by a sudden slip on a fault , according to the u.s. geological survey . stresses in the earth 's outer layer push the sides of the fault together , releasing energy in waves that travel through the earth 's crust and cause the shaking felt during an earthquake . nepal is located on a major plate boundary between india and eurasia , where collisions have been in progress for about 50 million years . those collisions are responsible for the construction of the himalayas , which has the tallest and some of the fastest growing mountains in the world , said chris goldfinger , director of oregon state university 's active tectonics and seafloor mapping laboratory . india is moving northward into eurasia at a rate of about 45 millimeters a year , with earthquakes of a magnitude from 8 to 9 occurring on average in the himalaya every 500 to 1,000 years , said marin k. clark , associate professor of geological sciences with the university of michigan 's department of earth and environmental sciences . the last major earthquake to affect this part of the himalayas was in the 1500s , and kathmandu was badly damaged in an earthquake that occurred farther east of saturday 's quake in 1934 . a major concern for this earthquake is damage from landslides generated by the strong shaking , clark said . the entire area that experienced shaking was in steep , mountainous topography where landsliding is a significant hazard . clark compared the circumstances to the 2008 earthquake in sichuan province , china . the magnitude-7.9 earthquake generated more 200,000 landslides , many of which blocked roads , slowing response and recovery efforts . the landslides also blocked river valleys , which created significant flood hazard . `` we might anticipate a similar situation for nepal . ''