( cnn ) in case you have n't noticed , we 're in the midst of a medical marijuana revolution . given the amount of questions and mystery surrounding the science behind it , dr. sanjay gupta wanted to provide some insight . he 's been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years . his research has resulted in three cnn documentaries , culminating with `` weed 3 : the marijuana revolution , '' airing at 9 p.m. et/pt sunday . gupta opened up to questions on twitter . here 's what you wanted to know : how does this affect me ? readers were curious about the effects of medical marijuana in easing symptoms of various ailments , asking how it could help with everything from life-threatening illnesses and neurological conditions to chronic pain and post-traumatic stress disorder . gupta pointed out the 10 diseases where medical marijuana research could have an impact and how it helped to stop one young girl 's severe seizures , and he also referenced other studies . he said that the potential benefits of medical marijuana for people suffering from ptsd is actually the subject of a federally approved study . the belief : it could suppress dream recall and allow those sufferers to focus on the present . there is also research into how the drug might affect the spasms associated with people who have multiple sclerosis . medical marijuana could also be an important option for those who rely on painkillers , as painkiller overdose is the greatest preventable death in the united states , gupta said . why do n't other doctors talk about it ? many of the questions around medical marijuana can be tied back to the fact that it 's just not discussed much . teaching about medical marijuana remains taboo in medical school . but gupta also presented the science directly , showing what your body on weed looks like . readers also wanted to know why people are so against the legalization of marijuana . decades of misinformation , gupta said . what are the drawbacks ? with medical marijuana so misunderstood , there naturally is a fear of potential side effects . there are legitimate , long-term concerns with the developing brain , gupta said , and suggested that readers seek out the research of dr. staci gruber , who has conducted numerous studies on marijuana use and brain function . is n't it dangerous ? when confronted with questions rooted in fear about the dangers of medical marijuana , gupta confessed that he used to believe the same thing -- that marijuana is dangerous without proven benefits . after extensive research , he said he changed his mind on weed .