kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) it is a strangely detached scene for the close of america 's longest war : military trainers bouncing between multi-million dollar , high security bases , on black hawks , miles from the front line . but it is how washington wants this to be . and even though the departure of american troops will be fractionally slower , they will all be inside the u.s. embassy by the end of next year , making these some of their last weeks outside of the wire . we are near jalalabad , at a regional logistics hub for the afghan police force -- a generous facility that was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country with uniforms , ammunition , even fuel for vehicles . the intentions , first hatched in 2011 when the u.s. had tens of thousands of troops and still large ambitions for their war here , were large in scale . but the project has been handed between rotations of u.s. officers and is perhaps a little distant from its first conception . we are taken on a proud tour of a series of clean and newly painted blocks . dozens of afghan police gather there , and mill around , waiting for their commanders to arrive . nick paton walsh 's afghanistan series : afghan forced to marry her rapist . yet a few problems are immediately visible . there are no doorhandles on the outer doors -- we 're told they 've been removed while a new master key is being sought . there seem to be few supplies in the actual hub . we ask the afghan policemen how many of them get resupplied there , at this stage , four months since it opened , and they say : none . about 20 units a month file paperwork for resupply in the base , but supplies often still come from where they did before -- kabul . u.s. officials told us they are optimistic the logistical road ahead can be smoothed -- that in the 18 plus months they have left they can get the afghan army and police up to furnishing themselves with the supply lines they need . but here , now , that seems far away . as does the base , incidentally . it 's quite a rough drive from the main road , surrounded by hills , and with at best patchy cellphone coverage -- far from ideal for a transit hub . nick paton walsh 's afghanistan series : isis recruits in taliban territory . and it is far away in terms of its cost . like so much in the most costly of wars , its price tag may have made sense in briefings on capitol hill , where effectiveness is gauged in millions , but here in dusty eastern afghanistan , it seems exorbitant . this as-yet , partially functional resupply hub cost $ 21 million , a price that presumably includes new doorhandles . there are about fifty afghan police currently on the base -- meaning each one has so far cost $ 400,000 to the us taxpayer . but this is an unfair way of representing the challenge the u.s. trainers here face : working , as they are , against a clock , with diminishing resources and public interest , in an endlessly complex and often corrupt land where , when the taliban are n't thriving , isis are waiting in the wings to fill the gap . with the clock ticking in the background , u.s. officer colonel jb vowell remains upbeat : `` it 's going to be a challenge , to get all those little hubs and spokes -- logistics to maintenance , supplies , resupply . i 'm optimistic though ; much of this did n't exist in november . '' on the outskirts of the base are the relics of the u.s. 's military involvement in a conflict that still continues to kill afghan security forces at an accelerated rate . suvs , even old american humvees -- now gifted to afghan police to drive around -- lie disabled by mine strikes . the americans were hoping the police could stack the vehicles here , assess their resupply needs , or cannibalize the damaged vehicles for spare parts . throughout , the surreal changes in how this war was , and continues to be , fought are omnipresent . years ago , the threat would have mostly been from insurgents taking potshots at an american base . now we are far from the threat , but another has taken its place . surrounding our crew at all times are `` guardian angels '' -- u.s. soldiers on guard duty , protecting their own from rogue afghan police or soldiers , trying to prevent the newest and most serious scourge -- `` green on blue '' attacks , in which afghan security forces turn their guns on americans . it is a strange experience to be protected from those who america seeks to hand the country over to . but this is how the war ended . not with ideological victories , or dramatic withdrawals , just the slow and deliberate stepping to one side .