( cnn ) '' sopranos '' theorists now have a little more to chew on . show creator david chase went through the famous final scene for dga quarterly and revealed the reasoning behind each shot . what he did n't reveal , however , was whether series protagonist tony soprano lives or dies . chase 's details are a master class on how to build tension in a seemingly nondescript situation , however . ' sopranos ' ending ? let it be . for those who do n't recall the finale , which aired in june 2007 , mobster tony soprano is meeting his family for dinner at holsten 's , a real-life diner and ice cream parlor in bloomfield , new jersey . he picks a song on the jukebox : journey 's `` do n't stop believin ' . '' as the music plays , he waits in a booth , watching his wife and later his son come through the front door . his daughter is running late . it 's a seemingly harmless get-together , one that could have happened any time in tony 's life , but it 's fraught with tension , chase observes . the journey song `` starts to build and build into something '' ; a bell rings every time someone walks through the door , and tony looks up each time . and then there 's the man in the members only jacket who walks in just ahead of a.j. , tony 's son . he could be anybody , but given tony 's life , he could a hitman assigned to kill tony . `` the tension is quite high now , but if you think about it , for no real reason , '' chase told dga quarterly . `` who 's in the place ? a guy in a jacket , cub scouts , a young couple , a trucker in a hat , a couple of black guys in there to buy some candy . there 's no real reason for the tension to ratchet up . but it does . and that 's what i love , how you make that . '' there are nods to other films , chase observed . the way the scene is cut recalls the final bedroom scene of stanley kubrick 's `` 2001 : a space odyssey , '' with tony seeing himself at the next spot in time . the members only guy going to the bathroom is a nod to the famous scene in `` the godfather '' when michael corleone shoots sollozzo and mccluskey . the scene ends , of course , with tony looking up as journey 's steve perry sings `` do n't stop -- '' and then a cut to black . the public reaction caught chase by surprise . `` i thought the ending would be somewhat jarring , sure . but not to the extent it was , and not a subject of such discussion , '' he said . `` the biggest feeling i was going for , honestly , was do n't stop believing . '' still , if anybody is hoping that chase reveals whether tony survives , they 'll have to keep digging . the end is deliberately uncertain and existential , chase said . `` whether this is the end here , or not , it 's going to come at some point for the rest of us , '' he said . `` i 'm not saying that ( he was killed ) . but obviously he stood more of a chance of getting shot by a rival gang mob than you or i do because he put himself in that situation . `` all i know , '' he added , `` is the end is coming for all of us . ''