( cnn ) when etan patz went missing in new york city at age 6 , hardly anyone in america could help but see his face at their breakfast table . his photo 's appearance on milk cartons after his may 1979 disappearance marked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children . on friday , more than 35 years after frenzied media coverage of his case horrified parents everywhere , a new york jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict against the man charged in his killing , pedro hernandez . he confessed to police three years ago . etan patz 's parents have waited that long for justice , but some have questioned whether that is at all possible in hernandez 's case . his lawyer has said that he is mentally challenged , severely mentally ill and unable to discern whether he committed the crime or not . hernandez told police in a taped statement that he lured patz into a basement as the boy was on his way to a bus stop in lower manhattan . he said he killed the boy and threw his body away in a plastic bag . neither the child nor his remains have ever been recovered . but hernandez has been repeatedly diagnosed with schizophrenia and has an `` iq in the borderline-to-mild mental retardation range , '' his attorney harvey fishbein has said . police interrogated hernandez for 7½ hours before he confessed . `` i think anyone who sees these confessions will understand that when the police were finished , mr. hernandez believed he had killed etan patz . but that does n't mean he actually did , and that 's the whole point of this case , '' fishbein has said . but in november , a new york judge ruled that hernandez 's confession and his waiving of his miranda rights were legal , making the confession admissible in court . another man 's name has also hung over the patz case for years -- jose antonio ramos , a convicted child molester acquainted with etan 's babysitter . etan 's parents , stan and julia patz , sued ramos in 2001 . the boy was officially declared dead as part of that lawsuit . a judge found ramos responsible for the boy 's death and ordered him to pay the family $ 2 million -- money the patz family has never received . though ramos was at the center of investigations for years , he has never been charged . he served a 20-year prison sentence in pennsylvania for molesting another boy and was set to be released in 2012 . he was reportedly immediately rearrested upon exiting jail in 2012 on failure to register as a sex offender . since their young son 's disappearance , the patzes have worked to keep the case alive and to create awareness of missing children in the united states . in the early 1980s , etan 's photo appeared on milk cartons across the country , and news media focused in on the search for him and other missing children . `` it awakened america , '' said ernie allen , president and chief executive officer of the national center for missing & exploited children . `` it was the beginning of a missing children 's movement . '' the actual number of children who were kidnapped and killed did not change -- it 's always been a relatively small number -- but awareness of the cases skyrocketed , experts said . but the news industry was expanding to cable television , and sweet images of children appeared along with destroyed parents begging for their safe return . the fear rising across the nation sparked awareness and prompted change from politicians and police . in 1984 , congress passed the missing children 's assistance act , which led to the creation of the national center for missing & exploited children . former president ronald reagan opened the center in a white house ceremony in 1984 . it soon began operating a 24-hour toll-free hot line on which callers could report information about missing boys and girls . joe sterling and cnn 's lorenzo ferrigno contributed to this report .