( cnn ) he 's a blue chip college basketball recruit . she 's a high school freshman with down syndrome . at first glance trey moses and ellie meredith could n't be more different . but all that changed thursday when trey asked ellie to be his prom date . trey -- a star on eastern high school 's basketball team in louisville , kentucky , who 's headed to play college ball next year at ball state -- was originally going to take his girlfriend to eastern 's prom . so why is he taking ellie instead ? `` she 's great ... she listens and she 's easy to talk to '' he said . trey made the prom-posal ( yes , that 's what they are calling invites to prom these days ) in the gym during ellie 's p.e . class . trina helson , a teacher at eastern , alerted the school 's newspaper staff to the prom-posal and posted photos of trey and ellie on twitter that have gone viral . she was n't surpristed by trey 's actions . `` that 's the kind of person trey is , '' she said . to help make sure she said yes , trey entered the gym armed with flowers and a poster that read `` let 's party like it 's 1989 , '' a reference to the latest album by taylor swift , ellie 's favorite singer . trey also got the ok from ellie 's parents the night before via text . they were thrilled . `` you just feel numb to those moments raising a special needs child , '' said darla meredith , ellie 's mom . `` you first feel the need to protect and then to overprotect . '' darla meredith said ellie has struggled with friendships since elementary school , but a special program at eastern called best buddies had made things easier for her . she said best buddies cultivates friendships between students with and without developmental disabilities and prevents students like ellie from feeling isolated and left out of social functions . `` i guess around middle school is when kids started to care about what others thought , '' she said , but `` this school , this year has been a relief . '' trey 's future coach at ball state , james whitford , said he felt great about the prom-posal , noting that trey , whom he 's known for a long time , often works with other kids . trey 's mother , shelly moses , was also proud of her son . `` it 's exciting to bring awareness to a good cause , '' she said . `` trey has worked pretty hard , and he 's a good son . '' both trey and ellie have a lot of planning to do . trey is looking to take up special education as a college major , in addition to playing basketball in the fall . as for ellie , she ca n't stop thinking about prom . `` ellie ca n't wait to go dress shopping '' her mother said . `` because i 've only told about a million people ! '' ellie interjected .