( cnn ) you might call her a watchdog , because this boston area doberman really has a thing for timepieces . she recently ate three . last thursday , jeff courcelle came home from work to find 5-year-old mocha -- a pure bred fawn-colored doberman pincher -- hovering over a pile of screws , metal pieces , three watch heads and some chewed leather straps . `` my husband , who 's the most calm person that i know , called me up and said , ' i 'm not quite sure if i should panic , ' `` said courcelle 's wife , michele parkinson . the 80-pound doberman , whom her owners describe as `` more goofy than scary , '' had pulled down a basket of wrist wear from a shelf in their bedroom and eaten nearly all the contents . parkinson knew that mocha would n't be able to pass all that leather on her own . the couple took her to the mspca 's angell animal medical center , a 24-hour emergency and specialty hospital , where a veterinarian performed a 3-hour endoscopy to explore the contents of her belly . mocha was a repeat offender : just last summer , she got very sick and had to have emergency stomach surgery after a piece of plastic from an orange juice container perforated her intestine . she had 28 staples down her belly and 10 inches of intestine removed , parkinson said . fortunately this time , the jewelry remains were still in mocha 's belly and had not made their way into the digestive tract . the x-ray , however , was disturbing . parkinson and her husband were just expecting to see a couple metal pieces . `` it just looked like a christmas tree and i almost threw up , '' parkinson said . the veterinarian removed `` about a pound of leather straps and metal pieces and detritus '' during the endoscopy , and let nature take its course for the remaining pieces , mspca spokesman rob halpin said . as of friday , mocha was no worse for wear . the hospital sees dozens of cases each week of dogs ingesting foreign objects , and is trained to look for the symptoms of blockages -- typically lethargy , not eating and vomiting , halpin said . they once saw a golden retriever who had stopped eating and found 43 pacifiers in her belly . ( apparently she was taking them from babies at the park . ) and there was the 100-pound bull mastiff who ate his owner 's brie that was set out for a party -- along with the cheese knife . the night mocha stayed in the hospital , a nervous parkinson stayed awake reading stories about dogs ingesting watches and other objects . she found one article about a newfoundland whose owner knew something was awry only when he heard an alarm go off from his dog 's belly . `` we 've taken every imaginable thing that could fit down the gullet of a dog out with surgery , '' halpin said . `` there 's some evolutionary traits that some dogs have that lead them to eat first and think later ... and some of them are so food motivated that anything with a scent could be associated with food , and they go for it . '' mocha likes to suck on fleece blankets and has been known to eat rubber ear buds or hair elastics , but nothing like a pile of jewelry , parkinson said . her breeder wondered if the dog was acting out of anxiety . that day , parkinson had left mocha in a different apartment the couple owns that the dog was n't as used to . the breeder told parkinson that dobermans are particularly known to get anxious and do these sort of things . `` she had a dog that actually consumed her whole dog bed , '' parkinson said . from now on , parkinson said she will put mocha in a crate if the dog will be staying somewhere new . follow-up x-rays monday on mocha showed a few pieces of metal left , `` but they were moving along '' and the vet expected her to pass them naturally . parkinson said friday mocha was `` her playful , energetic , curious doberman self . '' but now that she thinks of it , the timing of this whole incident is a little suspicious . `` my husband was all excited about the new apple watch , but could n't justify a reason to purchase it since he owned three watches , '' she said . `` i am convinced that he and mocha joined forces here to destroy all of his current watches in order to make room for apple 's new watch . ''