( cnn ) a transportation security administration committee concluded that full screening of airport employees nationwide would not lower the overall risk to the public , according to a report released monday . the report by the tsa 's aviation security advisory committee said that full employee screening would not `` appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection . '' email your story ideas and tips to cnntips @ cnn.com . full physical screening of employees also `` is incapable of determining a person 's motivations , attitudes and capabilities to cause harm , among other limitations . '' `` no single measure can provide broad-spectrum protection against risks or adversaries , '' the report said . `` therefore , risk-based , multi-layered security offers the greatest ability to mitigate risks through the application of flexible and unpredictable measures to protect commercial aviation . '' the tsa and most airports could not afford 100 % employee screening , the report said . only two major airports in the u.s. -- miami and orlando -- require employees to be screened through metal detectors , a cnn investigation found earlier this year . as a result of the report , tsa secretary jeh johnson announced immediate actions , including criminal background checks every two years for all airport aviation workers , screening of airline and airport employees traveling as passengers , reduction of access points to secure areas at all airports and increased random screening of aviation employees . johnson requested the tsa study after a delta air lines ramp worker and passenger at hartsfield-jackson atlanta international airport were arrested in december for allegedly smuggling guns onto flights to new york . since the incident , the airport has hired private security to check the bags of employees when they show up for work and has increased overall security . `` immediately following the incident in december 2014 , tsa increased the random and unpredictable screening of aviation workers at various airport access points to mitigate potential security vulnerabilities , '' johnson said in a statement . sen. charles schumer called johnson 's announcement `` a prompt response and a significant first step to closing the gaping loopholes in airport security , especially with regard to reducing access points and enhancing criminal background checks . '' specifically , the tsa report said employee vetting should be strengthened by `` updating the list of disqualifying criminal offenses , instituting continuous activity monitoring through the inclusion of additional federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) and dhs data sources , and maintaining a national database of airport employees whose credentials have been revoked for cause . '' in addition , the tsa should expand the collection of domestic intelligence , which would include monitoring social media , and expand national reward programs to encourage employees to report security issues , the report said . `` although there is no perfect security system , the multiple layers -- which can be routinely enhanced or modified -- provide an effective means to secure passengers , employees and facilities , '' the report said . it also recommended increased surveillance of employees who work inside baggage rooms and cargo areas . cnn revealed this month that passengers filed 30,621 claims from 2010 to 2014 for valuables that were missing from luggage . the tsa report agreed with a 2008 homeland security study that found random screening was more cost-effective than mandatory airport employee screening . the committee that conducted the tsa study consisted of representatives from the tsa , airports , airlines , airline pilots , aviation security and law enforcement . rep. john katko , r-new york and chairman of the house homeland security subcommittee on transportation security , said , `` as threats to aviation security continue to evolve , it is critical that the transportation security administration , as well as the airport community , are adequately prepared to mitigate insider threats . i look forward to having a meaningful dialogue with airport stakeholders and the tsa on what can be done , going forward , to improve employee vetting and screening for those with access to sensitive and sterile parts of airports . '' rep. kathleen rice , d-new york , a ranking member of the transportation security committee , said the report makes it clear that the `` tsa must do more to neutralize the insider threat and prevent security breaches like we saw in december . '' `` screening every single employee may not be a cure-all solution , but every single employee should come to work every day with reason to expect that they 'll face random screening and inspections , '' she said . lauren stover , security director at miami international airport , told cnn , `` we support the findings of the committee and agree that there is no single solution in mitigating the insider threat , however we will continue our employee screening program as we believe that physical screening is a critical component to a layered security program . '' cnn 's curt devine contributed to this report .