( cnn ) we 're 2 degrees from a different world . humans never have lived on a planet that 's 2 degrees celsius ( 3.6 fahrenheit ) warmer than it was before we started burning fossil fuels , in the late 1800s , and climate experts say we risk fundamentally changing life on this planet if we do cross that 2-degree mark . `` this is gambling with the planet , '' said gernot wagner , the lead senior economist at the environmental defense fund and co-author of the book `` climate shock . '' think super droughts , rising seas and mass extinctions . yet for all of its importance , i do n't think the 2-degree threshold is as famous as it should be . i 've heard it referred to as the `` north star '' for climate negotiations . meaning : this one little number carries huge importance as a way to focus the world 's attention . it 's so significant that it 's going to be the subject of my reporting for the rest of the year . i 'm calling that effort `` 2 degrees , '' and i need your help to make it work . until 5 p.m . et monday , you can vote on the first story i 'll report for the series . vote using the facebook poll below ( or go here if you do n't see it . ) tell cnn 's john sutter which of these climate change stories you like best - and he 'll report on the winner . this poll closes monday , april 27 , at 5pm et . # 2degrees . all of those story ideas came from you , by the way . they focus on what a 2-degree world might look like . cnn kicked off this effort with a facebook chat last week . we asked for your questions about climate change and about the 2-degree threshold , specifically . i do n't have all the answers right now . we 'll continue to explore the importance of this number together . but below you 'll find quick responses to seven basic questions about this crucial number . many of them come straight from you , the readers . and i tossed in a couple of my own . if you 'd like to follow this project as it evolves , i 'd encourage you to sign up for the `` 2 degrees '' newsletter . and feel free to ask more questions in the comments section below . they 'll shape the way i spend the rest of the year reporting on this super-critical number . one guy , it turns out . william nordhaus , an economist at yale . nordhaus , 73 , proposed the 2-degree threshold in a 1977 ( 1977 ! ) paper titled `` economic growth and climate : the carbon dioxide problem . '' the estimate was `` crude , but it was a reasonable first start , '' he told me . `` if there were global temperatures more than 2 or 3 degrees above the current average temperature , this would take the climate outside of the range of observations which have been made over the last several hundred thousand years , '' he wrote in `` the climate casino . '' a growing body of research now supports the idea . science has continued to raise red flags about 2 degrees of warming . and that work has led policy experts to conclude that a 2-degree world is something none of us should want . `` you need a judgment call for these things , '' said carlo jaeger , chair of the global climate forum , who has written on the history of 2 degrees celsius . `` and this 2-degree thing was a judgment call that happened at the interface of science and policy . '' germany was first to push 2 degrees as an policy goal , jaeger told me . that happened in the 1990s . later came the european commission , the g8 , the u.s. national academy of sciences and , most significantly , the copenhagen accord , which was signed by more than 100 nations who agreed 2 degrees would be too much . the united states was among the signatories . i 'm going to spend the month of may exploring this question , so look for more on this . but here are some striking facts about what scientists expect a post-2-degree world to look like . these are pulled from reports by the national research council , the intergovernmental panel on climate change and the world bank . • wildfires in the united states are expected to increase 400 % to 800 % in size . • hurricanes are expected to become 2 % to 8 % more intense.• a range of species will be at risk for extinction , particularly amphibians . the ipcc estimates 20 % to 30 % of animals and plants species will be at `` increasingly high risk of extinction '' at or near the 2-degree mark.• the arctic is expected keep melting , losing 30 % of its annual average sea ice.• certain crop yields in the united states , india and africa are expected to decrease 10 % to 30 % .• the availability of freshwater is expected to decline by 20 % . so ... not good . and numbers do n't convey the emotional toll . `` i 'm from new mexico , '' said nordhaus , the economist who proposed the 2-degree threshold . `` i love it there , and i know it 's going to be a completely different climate . the trout fishing probably wo n't be as good . the hiking wo n't be as good . these forests may look completely different , or burn down . i love to ski . it 's one of my things i love most . and that 's obviously affected by warming . i love the ocean , and the new england coastline , and it 's in peril . that 's just for starters . '' no one knows , exactly . think of 2 degrees like a sort of speed limit -- or a zone of increased risk . katharine hayhoe , a climate scientist at texas tech , told me that burning fossil fuels is like smoking . how many cigarettes give you cancer ? no one knows , exactly . but the more you smoke , the more you up your risk . and 2 degrees , policy experts agree , is certainly risky territory . plus , everyone hates a fraction . targeting 1 degree of warming is `` ridiculous because you ca n't do it , '' said nordhaus , the economist . `` three sounds too high . and you ca n't have a fraction because it 's too complicated . `` so two is kind of an obvious number . '' the climate already has warmed 0.85 degrees since the industrial revolution . and we reasonably can expect to reach 1.5 degrees simply based on the pollution we 're already putting into the atmosphere , even with `` very ambitious mitigation action '' to reduce carbon emissions , according to a 2014 report from the world bank . some of that warming is `` locked-in to the earth 's atmospheric system , '' that organization says . the impacts of climate change already are being felt . yes , but it wo n't be easy . `` if you want to stay below 2 degrees , you have to reduce emissions at an amazing speed -- to an incredible degree , '' said jaeger from the global climate forum . here 's the best guess for what that `` amazing speed '' might need to look like : cutting greenhouse gas emissions by some 80 % to 90 % by 2050 , said jennifer morgan , global director of the climate program at the world resources institute . `` it depends on how much risk you want to accept , '' she said . some activists , including those from 350.org and avaaz , which together organized the largest climate change rally in history last year in new york , want to accept less risk than that . `` our position is 100 % clean energy , '' said david sievers , a senior campaigner for avaaz . if we continue burning fossil fuels at the current rate , we could hit 2 degrees of warming before midcentury . scarier still , we could hit 3 to 5 degrees of warming by 2100 . some writers have called for the world to abandon the 2-degree target , saying it 's too ambitious , or even naive . but we need a yardstick to measure progress -- and we need that `` north star '' to help us set goals that actually would be weighty enough to make a dent in this problem . if you think 2 degrees sounds bad , 5 degrees is far , far worse . the ipcc expects a 5-degree world to be characterized by `` major extinctions around the globe '' and a `` reconfiguration of coastlines worldwide . '' just beyond that , at 6 degrees , we 're looking a `` catastro-f*** '' that would be almost `` infinitely costly , '' said wagner , the environmental defense fund economist . `` it 's akin to killing the planet , basically . or society on the planet . '' this much should be clear : something has to change . if we shoot for 2 degrees and end up at 3 , that 's still better ( or less awful ) than 5 or 6 . what 's important is that we maintain a sense of urgency , and keep sight of the goal . please be in touch ! i need your help to make this work . email questions to : climate ( at ) cnn ( dot ) com . subscribe to the `` 2 degrees '' newsletter . follow the project on facebook , twitter and instagram .