( cnn ) on april 20 , 2010 , a final cement seal of an oil well in the gulf of mexico failed , causing what has been called the worst environmental disaster in u.s. history and taking the lives of 11 rig workers . for 87 straight days , oil and methane gas spewed from an uncapped wellhead , 1 mile below the surface of the ocean . the federal government estimated 4.2 million barrels of oil spilled into the gulf , but bp argued in court that it was much lower . a judge ruled bp was responsible for the release of 3.1 million barrels . imagining daddy : a rig worker 's daughter and her dreams . there were dire predictions of what would follow . environmentalists and others braced for an environmental collapse on a massive scale . scientists continue to study environmental impacts , but five years after the spill , the long-term negative effects remain unclear and are , in many cases , highly disputed . bp , the company that caused the spill , is eager to point out it appears the gulf of mexico is healing itself . bp 's vice president of communications , geoff morrell , said there is no doubt birds , fish , turtles , sub-sea vegetation and even sediment species were all affected in the immediate aftermath of the spill . email your story ideas and tips to cnntips @ cnn.com . `` there 's no question about that , '' morrell said . `` but they have also , according to the data , bounced back and are recovering strongly . '' `` and there is no data that suggests there are any long-term population-level impacts to any species . '' while bp 's assessment has not been disproven , the government suggests it 's too soon to make long-term conclusions about the rebounding health of the gulf . shortly after bp released its own five-year report that concluded the gulf has largely recovered , the trustees of the natural resource damage assessment called bp 's report `` inappropriate as well as premature . '' the trustees , a collection of government agencies tasked with determining the extent of the damage from the macondo spill , released a statement , saying , `` we know that the environmental effects of this spill are likely to last for generations . '' one government official familiar with the trustee 's assessment accused bp of having `` cherry-picked '' positive results while ignoring others , something bp denies . most long-term scientific studies on environmental disasters take longer than the five years that have passed . studies so far have shown a variety of negative impacts on wildlife immediately after the spill , but others show some of those species are bouncing back . fish landings in the gulf , the amount of fish caught by the fishing industry , have returned . oysters are also recovering in many areas . and according to the food and drug administration , tests on edible seafood show no excess hydrocarbons in the region 's food supply . the spill 's effects on other species are less clear . dolphins are dying at an accelerated rate along the gulf coast , and even more so in louisiana where the oil hit the hardest . but the dolphin `` mortality event , '' as the government calls it , began months before the spill . studies suggest the diseases dolphins suffer from in places like barataria bay , louisiana , could be caused by oil exposure , but direct links to the 2010 macondo spill have not been proven . seaside sparrows in the gulf are also showing signs of strain , and some studies cite oil as contributing to reductions in their overall abundance . while aerial surveys taken in 2010 suggest tens of thousands of sea turtles were exposed to oil in coastal waters , government agencies are still gathering data and have not concluded if the spill will have long-term effects on sea turtle populations . but perhaps the greatest unknown is what , if anything , millions of gallons of oil on the deep seafloor are doing to the overall environment of the gulf itself . oceanographers have been tracking the residue from the macondo well as it has settled on the bottom of the ocean . mandy joye , an oceanographer with the university of georgia , has used underwater robots to capture soil samples and run tests to determine just how far the oil has traveled . her research and other studies show bp 's oil is scattered in patches across more than 1,200 square miles of the seafloor . according to joye 's study the oil residue exists in thin layers in some areas of the seafloor and thick pockets in others . joye is trying to determine how the oil deposited on the seafloor -- estimated to be about 10 million gallons -- affects the microbial community of organisms that exists in the deepwater ocean . `` that stuff 's not going to stay put . it 's going to move around , `` joye said . she said that right now , there is just no way to tell if it will have an impact . `` there 's so much that we do n't know , '' joye said . bp does n't accept the results of joye 's work . the company said its oil is all accounted for and only exists in two places : within a 2 kilometer area around the wellhead and in tar mats and tar balls that have yet to be cleaned up on the beach . and according to bp 's morrell , the oil and residue that remains is no longer harmful . `` so much time has passed that it no longer has any toxicity and is therefore not a threat to humans or aquatic life , '' morrell said . ocean conservationist philippe cousteau witnessed much of the spill 's aftermath in 2010 , but when he returned to the gulf to dive near an oil rig last month , he was astonished by the abundance of amberjacks , hammerhead sharks and other marine life he saw . during the same trip , however , cousteau spotted a mother dolphin trying to revive a dead calf . it is unknown if its death had anything to do with the oil . cousteau commended the progress community groups and restoration projects have made since the spill , but he said he believes it 's far too early to say the gulf is back and the oil is gone . `` it is still in many cases in the sand , along the shoreline , in the marshes , '' cousteau said , `` and existing on a microscopic scale that we may not be able to see with the naked eye . '' cnn 's david matthews contributed to this report .