( cnn ) the announcement this year of a new , original dr. seuss book sent a wave of nostalgic giddiness across twitter , and months before publication , the number of pre-orders for `` what pet should i get ? '' continues to climb . to keep up with demand , the book 's first printing was increased from 500,000 to 1 million copies , barbara marcus , president and publisher of random house children 's books , said in a news release monday . `` we were absolutely overjoyed to see the response to ' what pet should i get ? ' from every corner of the book world -- the bookselling community , media , educators , and readers nationwide , '' marcus said . the publisher also released to cnn a never-before-seen image from the new volume by dr. seuss , aka theodor geisel . it features a brother and sister familiar to seuss fans as they ogle a prim feline in a pet shop window and ponder : `` we want a pet . we want a pet . what kind of pet . should we get ? '' when `` what pet should i get ? '' debuts july 28 , it will be the first new , original dr. seuss book since `` oh , the places you 'll go ! '' in 1990 . it features the spirited siblings from the beloved classic `` one fish two fish red fish blue fish '' and is believed to have been written between 1958 and 1962 . `` ted loved and had pets himself , as a young boy on up through adulthood , and that makes the wonderful excitement and buzz for this new book all the more special , '' said susan brandt , president , licensing and marketing of dr. seuss enterprises . geisel 's widow , audrey geisel , found the manuscript and illustrations in their california home soon after her husband died in 1991 . the materials were set aside and then rediscovered in 2013 . random house children 's books said in february that it expects to release additional books from the found materials . it only seems to prove the brother and sister 's lesson from `` one fish two fish red fish blue fish . '' `` from there to here , from here to there , funny things . are everywhere . ''