( cnn ) discovery of the body of a young girl who may have been dead for weeks has led to the arrest of her teen sister -- herself a mother -- and a search for the girls ' parents , who may be in california with five other children , police in north las vegas , nevada , said . the investigation began wednesday when the 4-month-old infant of the 17-year-old was taken to sunrise hospital and medical center in suburban las vegas , authorities said . police arrested the teen mother on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm . she was taken to a juvenile facility . police department spokesman aaron patty told cnn affiliate kvvu that the `` infant did not receive the proper care and nourishment that she needed at the time , which is what led to the arrest of the 17-year-old . '' a day later , a search warrant was served at the family 's home . that 's when police found the body of the 3-year-old girl , who had apparently been dead `` for at least a few weeks , '' according to police . the teen mother was then arrested on one count of child abuse with death in connection with her younger sister 's death , according to a police statement . the parents left the home several months ago with the other five children , ranging in age from 1 to 9 years old , but , according to patty , `` they left the 3-year-old child and the 17-year-old sister at the residence alone . '' authorities are seeking the parents , 39-year-old jondrew lachaux and 38-year-old kellie phillips . police say the five children with them may be in danger . `` we believe that they went to california at some time and may have gone back and forth during this multiple month process when they left , '' patty said . no amber alert was issued , according to police , because the 4-month-old did not die . lachaux and phillips , who are the child 's grandparents , are being sought for questioning . `` we are asking for the assistance of the public in locating these two individuals , '' said patty . `` we believe they can answer many questions on what led up to the death of this child . '' the 4-month-old infant was last reported to be hospitalized in critical condition . her mother 's name was not disclosed .