( cnn ) by some estimates , about a third of americans use some form of alternative medicine , including homeopathic remedies because they find western medicine inadequate . creams such as arnicare for pain relief or liquids such as sidda flower essences for male virility are part of a $ 2.9 billion business that has seen `` explosive growth , '' according to the fda . these drugs do not go through the same level of scrutiny as over-the-counter and prescription drugs . but now your over-the-counter homeopathic remedies might soon face stricter scrutiny from the federal government . products such as the homeopathic cold remedies coldese and zicam , among others , came under fire monday from experts who testified at a food and drug administration hearing monday . the two-day `` listening session , '' as the fda calls it , is an opportunity for experts and members of the public to help the fda decide how it should regulate these products . critics say the agency is not doing enough . an analysis of hundreds of published studies from the national health and medical research council in australia found that homeopathic medicine was no more effective than a placebo . there is no evidence that they actually work , the council claimed , and yet it is a multibillion dollar business . homeopathy is a medical philosophy that essentially believes your body is the best weapon to fight disease . homeopathic medicine is based on the idea that `` like cures like , '' meaning if something causes a symptom in your body , if you take a diluted form , it will boost your body 's ability to fight it . typically these remedies include a plant or a mineral in a tiny amount . do homeopathic treatments for adhd work ? people who represent the industry , such as mark land , a member of the american association of homeopathic pharmacists , argue that the current fda system is a good one and that the products available today are of high quality and label standards are enough . critics argued otherwise . dr. adriane fugh-berman testified that most people do n't entirely know what homeopathy is and `` may assume that these products are dietary supplements or are conventional drugs '' since they are often sold on the same shelves as traditional drugs . this practice is `` innately misleading , '' said fugh-berman , an associate professor in the department of pharmacology and physiology at georgetown . most consumers , she said , do n't know that the fda does n't `` routinely review these products for identity , purity , potency , quality or stability prior to marketing . '' opinion : alternative healing or quackery ? while many people believe the drugs are safe in large part because they are highly diluted , products such as cold-eeze , if taken according to the recommendations on the label , would be 10 times the recommended dietary allowance ( rda ) of zinc for adult females and eight times the recommendation for males , according to fugh-berman . too much zinc can have toxic effects . more than 130 people using another homeopathic medicine with zinc , zicam , reported to the fda that they lost their sense of smell . the fda issued a warning to consumers about it in 2009 . there is a misconception that all homeopathic products are `` natural '' according to the fda `` and therefore safe . unfortunately , fda has become aware of significant safety issues associated with homeopathic products in recent years , '' according to an email from the agency . other issues include a 2010 fda warning about hyland 's teething tablets . they also recalled the tablets that had inconsistent amounts of belladonna . larger doses of the substance can be toxic . in 2014 , the fda warned consumers about pleo homeopathic drug products having penicillin or derivatives of penicillin . another expert asking for stricter standards with homeopathic medicine , janine jagger with the familial mediterranean fever foundation , said that there should be stricter label standards that better explained what was actually in the homeopathic product . she believed there was a `` deceptive illusion of treatment '' when people chose these homeopathic options over pharmaceuticals that have been proven to work . a third of americans use alternative medicine . a mother and editor of an alternative medicine magazine and website , peggy o'mara , testified that homeopathic medicine has helped her family over the years . as a writer and editor of health publications , she said she has seen a growing interest in this kind of medicine , and she believes it is is well-placed . she believes people have more trust that consumers do their research before purchasing the product , as she does . she wishes doctors were better versed in this kind of medicine and believes others want `` safe , effective and easily accessible '' products that are `` nontoxic '' alternatives to help people feel better . the public hearing will continue tuesday . the fda could make decisions about these labeling and regulation standards some time this year .