sanaa , yemen ( cnn ) as the transport plane comes in to land at sanaa airport , the deep scars of the brutal conflict tearing yemen apart are only too clear : wrecked aircraft line the runway , and nearby buildings lie in ruins . to most of the outside world , this war-torn country is off limits , the weeks-long battle between houthi rebels and saudi-led coalition forces making it too dangerous to visit , and a no-fly zone rendering its international airport all but obsolete -- but on tuesday , cnn was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by unicef , the united nations children 's fund . the airport has previously been bombed . hostilities are likely to resume before the day is out : a brief , peaceful window has been delicately negotiated following a special request from the u.n. -- but it wo n't last long . unicef hopes there will be just enough time to deliver vital food and supplies , helping to ease the country 's worsening humanitarian crisis . more than 100,000 yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began , and ocha , the united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs , estimates that 15.9 million people here are in need of assistance . the main terminal at el rahaba airport is under the control of the houthi rebels . we ca n't get near it for fear of provoking trouble . but there is plenty to be done out on the tarmac . within minutes of touching down , a small army of aid workers is busy unloading huge mounds of much-needed provisions . gusts of wind blow dust across the runway , as crates and pallets of emergency nutrition and medical equipment pile up rapidly beside the plane . unicef 's team has overcome more than one hurdle just getting it this far -- now they 'll have to work out how to distribute it to those most in need in a country paralyzed by a lack of resources . even before saudi airstrikes , most of the 25 million people in yemen required humanitarian assistance to meet their most basic needs , according to the united nations . as they work , an air india plane is taxiing away from the terminal . thousands have fled the country on evacuation flights in recent weeks as the situation in yemen has deteriorated . but for those who have nowhere else to go and no chance of a flight out , mercy missions by unicef and other ngos like it are the only hope . read more : ' a window into hell ' - desperate yemenis flee by boatread more : civilian catastrophe looming in yemenread more : yemen crisis - how you can help . bryony jones contributed to this report .