( cnn ) the seventh installment of the `` fast and furious '' franchise , '' `` furious 7 '' is sure to draw fans curious about how the film handles the real-life death of co-star paul walker . but minus the off-screen tragedy , is `` furious 7 '' worth racing to the theater ? here 's what the critics are saying : peter travers , rolling stone : `` ' furious 7 ' is the best f & f by far , two hours of pure pow fueled by dedication and passionate heart . this one sticks with you . the usual flaws -- plot bumps , muscle acting , tweet-length dialogue -- fade in the face of the camaraderie on and off screen . finishing the film in walker 's honor clearly brought out the best in everyone . it 's bittersweet seeing walker in action again . but it 's also a kick to watch him take the wheel or hang off a bus in azerbaijan that happens to be hanging off a cliff . he feels at home . '' chris nashawaty , entertainment weekly : `` no one forks over 10 bucks to see one of these flicks for its logic . we go for the bananas demolition-derby mayhem . ' furious 7 ' delivers that with the direct visceral rush of an epipen . for two hours and change , we 're treated to a high-octane orgy of some of the most exhilarating stunts ever put on film , including one showstopper where walker balances on an overturned bus that 's teetering on the edge of a cliff . '' chris ziegler , the verge : `` it 's entirely possible , of course , that my fandom has simply blinded me to ' furious 7 's ' greatness . the action sequences -- particularly abu dhabi , with the supercar leaping between buildings -- are legitimately phenomenal , and the scenes filmed after walker 's passing , in which his brothers stepped in for him , were never distracting or even noticeable without looking closely . maybe i 'm missing something . '' a.o . scott , new york times : `` the final moments , when mr. walker 's longtime colleagues say their farewells while he still appears to be on screen with them , are both awkward and moving . they remind you what these movies have always been about , underneath all the noise and the bravado : the ferocity of friendship and the terrible speed of loss . '' betsy sharkey , los angeles times : `` the action sequences -- from hand-to-hand combat to the crash and burn of cars -- are , as we 've come to expect , not grounded in reality . the parkour-influenced high-rise stunts that everyone will be talking about are particularly affecting because a ) they feature the multimillion-dollar eye-candy of a jewel-encrusted limited-edition lykan hypersport and b ) they are amazing . all of the driving and skydiving fall into the never-try-this-at-home zone . '' richard lawson , vanity fair : `` the latest film , which opens friday , ca n't help but take on some deeper meaning , as the death of main cast member paul walker , killed in a car accident in late 2013 , looms large throughout . but it does n't overwhelm -- furious 7 is respectful , even solemn , when it needs to be , but is still , thank god , plenty of crazy fun . ''