( cnn ) build a wall the length of the border with somalia . recruit and train up thousands of new security officers . give them better tactics and equipment . kenya 's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over . but the blood of 147 people slaughtered and 79 more injured , when al-shabaab opened fire at a college campus in garissa on thursday , has them debating them with renewed vigor . many kenyans had believed that security improved enough since al-shabaab held nairobi 's westgate mall under siege for four days in september 2013 , resulting in the deaths of 67 people . had it not , the massacre at garissa university college would have been far worse , some say . two police officers were on duty . but the number of people killed in the attack is plaguing kenyans with self-doubt . with the highest death toll since the 1998 al qaeda bombing on the u.s. embassy in nairobi , many are saying security is still not tight enough . and days after the attack authorities revealed that rapid response forces arrived hours late , allowing the killings to drag on . so what should kenya do ? the answer is elusive . the battle with al-shabaab is not a new one , and every attempt at countering them has only helped stall the inevitable -- another attack , more deaths . here are some of the problems plaguing kenya 's security efforts . the notion of building a wall is somewhat grandiose , since the border runs some 700 kilometers or 435 miles . even with a wall , militants could arrive by sea to coastal towns in kenya that have been islamist strongholds . the border crosses through remote areas , and many somalis have fled their country south to kenya . garissa , for example is populated by mainly ethnic somalis . the border region has become so violent that many non-muslims have fled it , according to the council on foreign relations . the students at the university , many of them christians , hailed mostly from other parts of kenya . but kenyans also cross north into somalia , some to fight for al-shabaab , then they return home to help whip up fervor with its kenyan affiliate al hijra , cfr has said . the security situation may have deteriorated in recent years after kenya 's incursion into somalia to battle al-shabaab there , cnn 's david mckenzie said . kenya wiped out some of the group 's key bases there in operation linda nchi , which began in 2011 . but it made the group more diffuse -- and more likely to pop up and hit soft targets in kenya , said terrorism expert sajjan gohel . it 's also simply very difficult to protect every single target from attacks -- especially in kenya . `` it will be impossible to provide adequate security throughout the country , '' gohel said . kenya will need a lot more help from its neighbors and the international community , including the united states , to contain al-shabaab . `` al-shabaab is not just a local terrorist group , it 's a transnational outfit , '' he said . `` it operates throughout a number of countries and recruits even people from the west . '' mckenzie says al-shabaab is trying to maintain its relevance as other terror groups like boko haram , isis and al qaeda in the arabian peninsula vie for power and influence . it 's also possible that al-shabaab may have abandoned aspirations of seizing a large chunk of territory after taking losses in somalia , and decided instead to focus purely on terrorism . these attacks by small armed groups against civilians are cost-effective , gohel said . `` if the group 's infrastructure and resources remain intact in kenya , we will see more attacks taking place . this is not a one-off incident . '' allegiances among groups can also play a role . in 2012 , al-shabaab declared complete allegiance to al qaeda . previously , there had been a rift among the somali terrorists over whether or not to pursue global jihad or just to concentrate on somalia . courts have snagged parts of kenya 's security plans over fears of government overreach . kenya 's government had recently passed a controversial law giving itself broad powers in the war on terror . but the high court saw it as an affront to civil rights , and it struck down many of its details early this year , according to cfr . this included blocking the enrollment of 10,000 new police recruits . on thursday , kenyan president uhuru kenyatta gave a directive to have them processed . he has already been accused of taking advantage of the public 's fear of al-shabaab to widen police powers . kenyatta 's government , which is christian dominated , has wielded an abusive hand against ethnic somalis and other muslims in kenya , cfr and human rights watch both have said . in april , security forces carried out raids in nairobi and in regions with large muslim populations , targeting ethnic somalis . `` security officers from multiple agencies raided homes , buildings , and shops , carting away money , cell phones , and other goods , '' hrw said . `` they harassed and detained thousands -- including journalists , refugees , kenyan citizens and international aid workers -- without charge , and in appalling conditions for periods well beyond the 24-hour legal limit . '' the draconian approach has helped create fertile ground for extremists looking to radicalize individuals . the united kingdom included garissa in a recent warning of an imminent attack . and last month , the u.s. embassy warned of possible attacks `` throughout kenya in the near-term '' after the reported death of a key al-shabaab leader , adan garaar , who was accused in the westgate attack . some kenyans are now asking why security forces did not react to those warnings in advance by putting security in place . cnn 's soni methu reported from nairobi , and ben brumfield wrote this story in atlanta ; cnn 's nick thompson contributed to this report .