( cnn ) the attorney for a suburban new york cardiologist charged in what authorities say was a failed scheme to have another physician hurt or killed is calling the allegations against his client `` completely unsubstantiated . '' appearing saturday morning on cnn 's `` new day , '' randy zelin defended his client , dr. anthony moschetto , who faces criminal solicitation , conspiracy , burglary , arson , criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on long island . `` none of anything in this case has any evidentiary value , '' zelin told cnn 's christi paul . `` it does n't matter what anyone says , he is presumed to be innocent . '' moschetto,54 , pleaded not guilty to all charges wednesday . he was released after posting $ 2 million bond and surrendering his passport . zelin said that his next move is to get dr. moshetto back to work . `` he 's got patients to see . this man , while he was in a detention cell , the only thing that he cared about were his patients . and amazingly , his patients were flooding the office with calls , making sure that he was ok , '' zelin said . two other men -- identified as james chmela , 43 , and james kalamaras , 41 -- were named as accomplices , according to prosecutors . they pleaded not guilty in nassau county district court , according to authorities . both were released on bail . a requests for comment from an attorney representing chmela was not returned . it 's unclear whether kalamaras has retained an attorney . police officers allegedly discovered approximately 100 weapons at moschetto 's home , including hand grenades , high-capacity magazines and knives . many of the weapons were found in a hidden room behind a switch-activated bookshelf , according to prosecutors . the investigation began back in december , when undercover officers began buying heroin and oxycodone pills from moschetto in what was initially a routine investigation into the sale of prescription drugs , officials said . during the course of the undercover operation , however , moschetto also sold the officers two semiautomatic assault weapons as well as ammunition , prosecutors said . moschetto allegedly told officers during one buy that he needed dynamite to `` blow up a building . '' he later said he no longer needed the dynamite because a friend was setting fire to the building instead . kalamaras and chmela are believed to have taken part in the arson , according to prosecutors . `` the fire damaged but did not destroy the office of another cardiologist whose relationship with dr. moschetto had soured due to a professional dispute , '' according to the statement from the district attorney 's office . moschetto allegedly gave an informant and undercover detective blank prescriptions and cash for the assault and killing of the fellow cardiologist , according to prosecutors . he also requested that the rival 's wife be assaulted if she happened to be present , authorities said . `` he was willing to pay $ 5,000 to have him beaten and put in a hospital for a few months , and then he said he would pay $ 20,000 to have him killed , '' said assistant district attorney anne donnelly , according to cnn affiliate wcbs .