( cnn ) what do walmart , target , and now the koch brothers have in common with the american civil liberties union , colorofchange.org , and the center for american progress ? all of them are adopting or advocating for hiring practices that open up work opportunities for people with convictions and leverage untapped potential in the labor market . koch industries ' recent announcement that it will `` ban the box '' -- i.e. , remove from its job applications the check-box that asks about convictions -- is a big step forward in the movement to break down barriers to employment for job-seekers with records . `` ban the box '' does n't prohibit background checks , it only postpones them until later in the hiring process . it 's one item on a menu of fair-chance hiring reforms intended to ensure that job applicants are evaluated on their skills and qualifications first , rather than judged solely on past mistakes . these policies help reduce recidivism by making employment accessible to job-seekers who need a second chance , and they help break down the stigma of an arrest or conviction record . two generations of the war on drugs , zero tolerance , and aggressive policing have left 70 million adults with arrest or conviction records that undermine their ability to be considered for jobs , even as the job market has grown steadily . millions of people are being left behind , and it 's taking a toll on our economy : the reduced economic output of people with records cost our economy $ 57- $ 65 billion in 2008 alone . these criminal justice policies disproportionately impact african-americans , who are incarcerated at a rate six times that of whites . the department of justice 's recent investigation of the ferguson police department , for example , shows the extent to which racism is perpetuated through police departments and the court system . that systemic racial disparity is then repeated throughout the economy , and the community is put at a severe disadvantage in the job market long after individuals have served their time . that 's one reason the african-american unemployment rate is persistently twice that of whites . in a job market where employers that did n't previously do background checks now make them a routine part of hiring , qualified job-seekers are being screened out of the applicant pools for more and more jobs . nearly one in three adults in america has an arrest or conviction history that will show up on a routine background check . companies like koch , walmart , target , and bed bath & beyond recognize that this is a huge source of untapped talent , and that 's why they 've already banned the box on their job applications . these policies are also gaining traction with politicians across the political spectrum . vermont gov . peter shumlin , georgia gov . nathan deal , and virginia gov . terry mcauliffe recently signed executive orders removing the conviction question from initial applications for state employment . so far , 16 states and more than 100 cities and counties have adopted fair-chance hiring policies . six of those states and the district of columbia , plus 25 cities and counties , have applied their policies to government contractors or private employers as well . the obama administration took an important step toward fairer and smarter federal hiring practices last year when it issued an executive order prohibiting contractors from discriminating against lgbt individuals . banning the box and other common-sense hiring reforms would build on that progress and on the successful work of governors and the corporate sector . the administration should ensure that the federal government does not continue to erect unfair and unnecessary barriers to employment of people with records . already , more than 200 organizations and prominent individuals have publicly urged the obama administration to take these practical steps . if koch industries -- a major federal contractor -- can ban the box , there 's no reason why other federal contractors can not . now it 's time for president obama to lead the way and embrace fair-chance hiring of people with records .