nigel farage caused controversy at the televised leaders’ debate by attacking the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in britain . half of voters agree with ukip that immigrants should not immediately receive free hiv treatment , a poll suggests . nigel farage caused controversy at the televised leaders’ debate last week by attacking the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in britain . ed miliband said his comments were ‘disgusting’ , nick clegg said they were ‘ politics of the lowest form’ and chancellor george osborne , when asked , said he was ‘ not going to dignify that with a response . ’ the ukip leader insisted afterwards that he had the ‘ overwhelming support’ of the british public for saying that foreign nationals with hiv – whom he said accounted for 60 per cent of the 7,000 cases a year – ‘ can come into britain from anywhere in the world and get diagnosed with hiv and get the retroviral drugs that cost up to £25,000 per patient’ . he added : ‘ i know there are some horrible things happening in many parts of the world , but what we need to do is put the national health service there for british people and families who in many cases have paid into the system for decades . ’ a yougov poll of 1,906 adults found that 50 per cent would support ‘ people coming to live in the uk being banned from receiving treatment on the nhs for a period of five years’ . another 34 per cent opposed such a ban . a second question saw voters asked which statement best reflected their view . in this , 52 per cent thought mr farage was ‘ right to raise this issue - immigrants with serious conditions like hiv are costing the health service a large amount of money’ . this compared with 37 per cent who picked : ‘ nigel farage was just scaremongering - compared to the total cost of the nhs this is a drop in the ocean’ , and 11 per cent did not know . interestingly , the respondents did not appear to particularly favour ukip , saying on average that mr farage was only the fourth best-performing leader last thursday , with nicola sturgeon in the lead , followed by david cameron and ed miliband . it later emerged that mr farage’s figures were a bit out – there are 6,000 diagnoses of hiv every year according to public health england . diane james , an mep and the party’s justice and home affairs spokesman , insisted yesterday that ukip would go on if farage lost . just over half ( 54 per cent ) are foreign born , but most of them are thought to have been infected whilst living in the uk . the cost of anti-retroviral drugs per year gas been put at up to £16,000 depending on the stage of infection . the ukip leader , speaking on the campaign trail yesterday defended his remarks saying he wanted people to ‘ think and understand why their grandmother who is 85 finds it very difficult to get drugs for breast cancer but anybody can get on a plane from anywhere in the world , be hiv tested in london and receive antiretroviral drugs . something , it seems to me , isn’t right here . ’ any foreign national - even a failed asylum seeker – who is diagnosed , has been entitled to free treatment since 2012 due to what experts say are the risks of allowing the virus to spread . a ukip spokesman said : ‘ this poll finding shows yet again the disconnect that exists between the westminster bubble and much of the population . ' nigel farage is the one leader who has the political courage to raise difficult issues and clearly millions of voters agree with that stance . ’ it later emerged that mr farage’s figures were a bit out – there are 6,000 diagnoses of hiv every year according to public health england . mr farage took a blow yesterday as another poll showed he would fail to secure a parliamentary seat . he has vowed to stand down as leader if he fails to become the mp for thanet south , which he is fighting hard to win at the general election . a private comres poll paid for by a ukip donor put the conservatives on course to retain the seat by a small margin . but diane james , an mep and the party’s justice and home affairs spokesman , insisted yesterday that ukip would go on if he lost , and that future leaders of the eurosceptic party were waiting to ‘ put their hats in the ring’ . patrick o’flynn , ukip’s economics spokesman , said in an interview on sky news yesterday that ukip were not seeking to withdraw treatment from hiv positive foreign nationals already receiving drugs from the nhs .