( cnn ) you know the phrase `` dodging a bullet '' ? forget about it . probably not going to happen anymore . the u.s. military said this week it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet . in february , the `` smart bullets '' -- .50-caliber projectiles equipped with optical sensors -- passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date , according to the defense advanced research projects agency , or darpa . in the tests , an experienced marksman `` repeatedly hit moving and evading targets , '' a darpa statement said . `` additionally , '' the statement said , `` a novice shooter using the system for the first time hit a moving target . '' in other words , now you do n't even have to be a good shot to hit the mark . the system has been developed by darpa 's extreme accuracy tasked ordnance program , known as exacto . `` true to darpa 's mission , exacto has demonstrated what was once thought impossible : the continuous guidance of a small-caliber bullet to target , '' said jerome dunn , darpa program manager . `` this live-fire demonstration from a standard rifle showed that exacto is able to hit moving and evading targets with extreme accuracy at sniper ranges unachievable with traditional rounds . fitting exacto 's guidance capabilities into a small .50-caliber size is a major breakthrough and opens the door to what could be possible in future guided projectiles across all calibers , '' dunn said . videos supplied by darpa show the bullets making sharp turns in midair as they pursue their targets . it all conjures up images of a cartoon character frantically fleeing a bullet that follows him wherever he goes . only , these bullets are traveling at hundreds of miles per hour . and even the road runner ca n't run that fast . darpa says the smart bullets will also help shooters who are trying , for example , to hit targets in high winds . the goals of the exacto program are giving shooters accuracy at greater distances , engaging targets sooner and enhancing the safety of american troops , darpa said .