jerusalem ( cnn ) the flame of remembrance burns in jerusalem , and a song of memory haunts valerie braham as it never has before . this year , israel 's memorial day commemoration is for bereaved family members such as braham . `` now i truly understand everyone who has lost a loved one , '' braham said . her husband , philippe braham , was one of 17 people killed in january 's terror attacks in paris . he was in a kosher supermarket when a gunman stormed in , killing four people , all of them jewish . the terrorist , amedy coulibaly , recorded the attack on camera . philippe braham was laid to rest in jerusalem 's givat shaul cemetery after the attacks , not far from where the jewish agency held a memorial ceremony to mourn victims of terror . `` today we all share the same pain , '' valerie braham said to the assembled crowd . `` i know they protect us from above . '' as israel mourns on the nation 's remembrance day , french prime minister manuel valls announced after his weekly cabinet meeting that french authorities had foiled a terror plot . valls said that france is fully mobilized following january 's attack , which allowed authorities to identify and stop the planned attack . the latest news is a painful reminder of braham 's recent loss . braham now lives for her young children . she has two daughters and one son . braham tells them stories of their father to keep his memory alive and to keep herself strong . she pauses as she speaks , finding the right words to describe the love of her life who was taken from her . `` we had 10 years of marriage together , and we were a perfect couple . we had no problems . we did n't fight . it was like the day we were married , '' she said , holding back tears . she has told this story before , but it does n't seem to get any easier . one month after the terror attacks in paris , a gunman attacked a synagogue in copenhagen , denmark , killing dan uzan , who was working as a security guard for a bat mitzvah party . uzan , 37 , was laid to rest in copenhagen . like valerie braham , uzan 's parents attended the memorial service in jerusalem . the recent attacks were on the nation 's collective mind as mourners gathered in groups to commemorate fallen soldiers and victims of terror . the copenhagen attack forced braham to relive her fear . `` i have no idea , '' she said , hesitating . `` it seems they found a way to attack outside of war . it seems easy for them to attack , and it 's frightening . '' when asked where she feels at home , braham does n't hesitate . it is her most confident answer . `` in israel . obviously , in israel . in god 's name , we will move to israel . '' braham said she will move her family from paris to israel when she is ready , but she does not want to feel like she is running away .