( cnn ) my name is mark goodacre , and i am a professor of new testament and christian origins in the department of religious studies at duke university . i was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on cnn 's `` finding jesus . '' i also appeared in each episode of the program . viewers were invited to tweet and post their questions on the `` finding jesus '' facebook page during the season finale about mary magdalene . below are some of the most interesting , and my answers to them . they have been edited for style and clarity for this article : anarie kennedy : the copy we have of the gospel of mary magdalene comes from the second century , but is it possible that the gospel itself could be older ( like first century ) ? goodacre : actually , the copy we saw in the show dates from the fifth century . it is currently located in berlin , germany . although it 's our most complete manuscript , it is missing several pages . there are two other fragments of the gospel of mary , both in greek , and both dating from the third century . it is difficult to date the gospel itself . one of the difficulties is that there are no references to it at all in antiquity . our best guess is that it was written at some point in the middle to late second century . gustavo odría : where can we get a good translation of the gospel of mary magdalene ? goodacre : there are several good translations of the gospel of mary . one suggestion is karen king 's `` the gospel of mary of magdala : jesus and the first woman apostle . '' that book also has good introduction and discussion materials . one thing that is worth adding is that the gospel is not actually called `` the gospel of mary magdalene . '' the term `` magdalene '' does not come at all in the texts we have of the gospel . the heroine is simply called `` mary . '' edward james reeves : i would like to know what really happened to mary magdalene ? where did she go ? who last saw her ? goodacre : this is one of the great mysteries about the character ! she is so prominent at the end of each of the canonical gospels , and the reader is expecting to see more of her and to hear more about her in the rest of the new testament , but there is nothing . she is not mentioned in acts of the apostles , or in paul 's letters , or anywhere else . one possibility is that the early church suppressed her memory and chose not to tell the story of this famous female apostle . but if that is the case , it is surprising that the gospel writers pay so much attention to her in their passion and resurrection narratives . another possibility , and we touched on this in the episode , is that mary died not long after the events narrated in the gospels . perhaps she was a wealthy , elderly widow ? @ turnbullteacher : would n't church fathers writing in the second century have written if jesus was married or not ? goodacre : that 's a good question . there is actually nothing in second century writers that says that jesus was married and clement of alexandria ( died 215 ad ) takes for granted that jesus was not married . when the `` gospel of jesus ' wife '' was published in 2012 , it was at first thought that this might witness to a tradition of jesus being married from as early as the second century , but it is now clear that the fragment is a modern forgery . @ anna585858 : do you think magdalene is a nickname or reference to mary 's hometown ? goodacre : it 's a good guess that `` magdalene '' refers to magdala , and so her name would refer to her hometown , just as jesus the `` nazarene '' is from nazareth . there are other characters in the new testament who are identified by their hometowns . for example simon of cyrene and joseph of arimathea . you are right , though , that it could be a nickname and that it might not have anything to do with magdala . @ allsaintsradio : why was the gospel of mary magdalene left out of the canon of 66 biblical books ? goodacre : this is a tough one because it is not clear that it was ever in contention . the gospel of mary is not even mentioned in any of the extant lists of early christian works . but in any case , the book was probably written too late to have had a chance of competing with matthew , mark , luke and john , all of which are written by the end of the first or , at the latest , the beginning of the second century . further , the gospel of mary 's theology is different from the theology of what became the four canonical gospels . @ stephanoledreed : where is it ( said ) that jesus had a wife ? goodacre : there are no ancient texts in which jesus had a wife . the closest we get to the idea is the gospel of philip in which mary magdalene is described as jesus ' `` companion , '' one of three women who always `` walked with the lord . '' the same gospel says that jesus used to kiss her often , but we do n't know whereabouts he kissed her because there is a hole in the manuscript at just that point ! however , the gospel of philip is probably too late ( late second to mid-third century ) to be able to tell us anything reliable about the historical mary magdalene . funding jesus : who bankrolled christ 's ministry ? i would like to thank everyone for their great questions over the last six weeks . sorry that fellow on-camera expert candida moss and i could not get to all of them . thanks too for all the encouraging words about `` finding jesus . '' we are pleased that so many of you have enjoyed and profited from watching it . if you would like to explore these issues in more detail , perhaps i might recommend my podcast , the nt pod , which you can find on itunes or at http : //podacre.blogspot.com .