liverpool manager brendan rodgers has been convicted of leaving a property to rot after he was fined for the condition of a house he rented out which was left in a state of disrepair for three years . the anfield boss was ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs , with a £40 surcharge at blackburn magistrates ' court for leaving a £69,950 terrace house in accrington with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden . rodgers - whose liverpool side crashed out of the fa cup on sunday in a 2-1 defeat by aston villa - and his business partner judith o'hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by hyndburn council . liverpool manager brendan rodgers has been convicted of leaving a property in accrington to rot . rodgers had been told to fix the windows , doors and roof , and to remove the rubbish from the house 's garden . the pair had been ordered to fix the windows , doors and roof , and to remove the rubbish , but the house was left to rot . both rodgers and o'hagan , who bought the property in august 2007 , were absent when found guilty at blackburn magistrates ' court . local neighbours and former tenants of the property have criticised the failure to maintain the property . the house is located in an area of accrington which is undergoing a £13million regeneration project to sort out over 200 derelict empty properties . former deputy leader of hyndburn council , clare pritchard , said at an earlier stage of the project : ' we are working with placefirst on a major regeneration project to bring over 200 derelict empty properties back in to use in woodnook within the next three years . ' as an authority we take a tough line on people who fail to bring their properties into repair and this strong enforcement policy will play a part of the regeneration of the area . ' the house ( outlined ) is in an area which is undergoing a £13million regeneration project , this image was taken in march 2009 , seemingly before the issues which brought on the magistrates court case . the liverpool boss issues instructions to emre can during sunday 's fa cup defeat by aston villa at wembley . an improvement notice , as served to rodgers and o'hagan , requires a landlord to carry out work to deal with a hazard associated with a property . if the landlord does not do the work , or ' reasonable progress ' is not made , the local authority can carry out work itself and claim the costs back from the landlord . they were convicted in december 2013 of failing to comply with an enforcement notice under section 79 of the building act 1984 . rodgers is also believed to own properties in london , near his former club reading , and in northern ireland . fabian delph ( second left ) is congratulated by his aston villa team-mates after scoring the winner at wembley . liverpool captain steven gerrard was denied a fairytale ending to his anfield career after being knocked out . rodgers is also believed to own properties in london , near his former club reading , and in northern ireland . having been eliminated from the cup , rodgers is facing a third season at anfield without a trophy , with the barclays premier league title mathematically unreachable . christian benteke and fabian delph scored at wembley to cancel out philippe coutinho 's opener and send liverpool out at the quarter-final stage . rodgers has a contract with liverpool until 2018 . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .