johannesburg ( cnn ) he checked the series of stills on his camera . it was then that photographer james oatway realized the entire attack had taken less than two minutes . it was the morning after a night of unrest in johannesburg 's alexandra township that saw foreign-owned shops looted and destroyed . mozambican emmanuel sithole was walking down a street when four south africans surrounded him . sithole pleaded for mercy , but it was already too late . the attackers bludgeoned him with a wrench , stabbed him with knives , all in broad daylight . and oatway had captured it all on his camera . `` they looked like hardened thugs , just by their intensity , the way they moved , the expressions on their faces , '' oatway told cnn . `` they wanted one thing and that was to kill emmanuel . they wanted his blood and nothing was going to stop them from doing that . '' oatway says he tried to get as close as possible , conscious that the attackers were aware of his presence . `` when the attack started i was 20 meters ( 65 feet ) away , but at one point i was 4 or 5 meters away , '' he said . `` i did think that maybe they would leave him alone . '' the attackers finally did move on and leave sithole alone . oatway and his fellow journalist beauregard tromp quickly put the injured man in the back of the car and rushed him to a hospital , where he later died . `` i still remember him looking straight into my eyes , '' said oatway . `` he had a kind of a dazed , shocked look in his face . '' oatway 's series of images of the ordeal landed on the front page of south africa 's sunday times under the headline , `` kill thy neighbor : alex attack brings home sa 's shame . '' it 's a shame that south africa continues to confront . seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against poorer immigrants , many from south africa 's neighbors . xenophobic attacks : how did we get here ? local media alleged that the attacks were a consequence of zulu king goodwill zwelithini reportedly saying at a recent gathering that foreigners `` should pack their bags and go '' because they are taking jobs from citizens . shortly after his reported comments , violence against immigrants erupted in the port city of durban . but on monday , zwelithini said he had not called for a war on immigrants . `` this war i am calling for today is to protect everyone of foreign origin in this country irrespective of which country they are from . '' the united nations said the attacks actually began in march after a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers . opinion : labeling south africa violence as xenophobia misses the point . but it was oatway 's photos of the violent attack on sithole that have seemingly encapsulated the true horror of the situation -- and south africa 's leaders have begun to take notice . `` terrible picture . people who live in rough townships have never seen such a scene , '' said president jacob zuma about the photos in a televised news conference . `` and i was sitting and i was saying to myself , what are we telling the world about ourselves ? '' police announced they 've now arrested all four suspects -- the last caught overnight tuesday -- with help from oatway 's photos , which is little solace for the photographer who captured a level of depravity rarely seen . `` i 'm sickened by it , '' said oatway . `` and i 'm extremely angry , angry with the men that did this , and ultimately i 'm upset that our efforts were n't successful in saving emmanuel 's life . ''