( cnn ) just as mimeograph machines and photocopiers were in their day , online activity -- blogs , youtube channels , even social media platforms like facebook and twitter -- have fully emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media . it is not just the low cost of posting online that attracts dissidence , though that in itself is liberating . it is the lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries that is really the driving force leading disaffected voices to post online . it is not unique to asia , but it might seem more pronounced if you live there . going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard . but it still brings resistance , some of it legal , some of it deadly . let 's look at the legal angle first . amos yee , the teenage video blogger who was arrested and held pending bail sunday in singapore , drew international attention for his anti-lee kuan yew harangue . but jailing critics is not usually the government 's first choice in singapore . it is part of lee kuan yew 's legacy that the government 's use of the courts to bring libel and defamation cases , usually carrying heavy financial penalties , is the preferred method of silencing discomfiting online voices . his father has reportedly apologized for his son 's behavior , but the younger yee could face up to three years in jail . yee is not unique . another dissident blogger in singapore , roy ngerng , continues to suffer financial and legal pressure , including the loss of his job , because of a blog post that allegedly accused the city-state 's prime minister , lee hsien loong , of corruption . ngerng 's concern is with the lack of transparency in the management of the central provident fund , the government 's compulsory pension program . yee and ngerng are two of many . the committee to protect journalists ' file on singapore going back to 2000 has a long string of similar cases , some against politicians , others against citizens simply frustrated with their government . but it is not just singapore where internet activity comes under fire : on monday in malaysia , with much less of the international attention heaped on amos yee , five editors and executives from the malaysian insider were arrested over the site 's march 25 report claiming that a senior council of royal rulers and state governors , known as the conference of rulers , had rejected a proposal to amend federal law to allow for the introduction of hudud , or punishments meted out under islamic law . in deeply muslim malaysia , questions of islamic faith are a third-rail issue , as is revealing government decisions before they are announced . by far the biggest jailer of journalists in the world is china , where a majority of the 44 people behind bars at the end of 2014 were bloggers , most of them uighur or tibetan activists who straddle the line between journalism and activism . but in second place in asia is vietnam , where cpj 's most recent prison census showed vietnam holding 16 reporters behind bars as of december 1 . add one more in late december , nguyen dinh ngoc , a prominent blogger who was arrested for `` law-violating '' after police searched his home in southern ho chi minh city on december 27 , and two more in january , nguyen quang lap and hong le tho , arrested on anti-state charges of `` abusing democratic freedoms '' and you can see the pattern . because the print and broadcast media are so totally government controlled , mainstream journalists seldom go to jail any more in vietnam . only two investigative print reporters remain behind bars in vietnam , their cases dating back to 2012 and 2013 . both were accused of accepting bribes for dialing back critical news coverage . the list could go on , but the reality is that , as cpj wrote in 2013 , across asia `` governments have curtailed internet freedoms through increasingly restrictive practices , including prohibitive laws , heightened surveillance and censorship , and threats of imprisonment on various national security-related offenses . '' that is still the policy path being followed by most countries in asia , and it does not look like it will be changing any time soon . jailing journalists is one thing , but watching them being killed and doing little or nothing about it is another . since 1992 , 11 % of journalists killed have died for their work online . because our 1992 start date really precedes the full advent of the internet , that proportion can be expected to grow . while most bloggers have not been the targets of murderers , bangladesh has recently become the exception . on monday , washiqur rahman babu was the second blogger to be hacked to death in public in bangladesh in the past five weeks . blogger avijit roy and his wife , rafida ahmed bonna , were attacked by assailants wielding sharp weapons while the couple was visiting dhaka . roy , a u.s. citizen of bangladeshi origin , was killed and his wife was critically injured . both rahman and roy had written critically on islamic matters . the blogger death toll gets higher in bangladesh if you go back a year or two , and religious beliefs are always involved , and the killings almost always carried out with near perfect impunity . in january 2013 , blogger asif mohiuddin , who wrote critical commentary on religion , islamist groups , free speech , and human rights , barely survived after he was stabbed by islamists . in february 2013 , blogger ahmed rajib haider , who had written about islamic fundamentalism and islamist groups , was hacked to death by members of an islamist militant group , according to police investigations . later in 2013 , islamist groups called for the execution of bloggers they said had committed blasphemy . while arrests were made after those murders , there have been no convictions . the bottom line : online journalists , operating outside the restraints of mainstream media , have become the most vulnerable targets for governments and independent actors . where there is the restrictive rule of law , journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom . where the rule of law is weak , they are vulnerable to the attacks of killers who seldom , if ever , answer to the rule of law .