( cnn ) soon , america will be too fat to fight . forget about rampant diabetes , heart attacks and joint problems -- the scariest consequence arising out of our losing battle with the bulge is the safety of our country . in about five years , so many young americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers . that alarming forecast comes from maj , gen. allen batschelet , who is in charge of u.s. army recruiting command . obesity , he told me , `` is becoming a national security issue . '' i was so taken aback by batschelet 's statement that i felt the need to press him . come on ! obesity ? a national security crisis ? the general did n't blink . `` in my view , yes . '' of the 195,000 young men and women who signed up to fight for our country , only 72,000 qualified . some did n't make the cut because they had a criminal background , or a lack of education , or too many tattoos . but a full 10 % did n't qualify because they were overweight . before you accuse me of sensationalizing , it 's that 10 % figure that worries general batschelet the most . `` the obesity issue is the most troubling because the trend is going in the wrong direction , '' he said . `` we think by 2020 it could be as high as 50 % , which mean only 2 in 10 would qualify to join the army . '' he paused . `` it 's a sad testament to who we are as a society right now . '' the problem is so worrisome for the army that recruiters have become fitness coaches , like the trainers on the nbc show , `` the biggest loser . '' yes , your tax dollars pay for army recruiters to play dolvett quince or jillian michaels to whip could-be recruits into shape with the hope they can diet and exercise their way to become real recruits . if they lose enough weight , they 're sent to boot camp . some make it ; many do n't . but , general batschelet told me the army must try . `` we are the premier leader on personal development in the world , '' he told me . `` we want to see you grow and become a leader . that is a great strength in our army . '' except the army never considered the type of growth it 's now contending with . nowadays `` personal development '' means working on both character and ... girth . the general , along with so many others in this country , is struggling with why so many americans , despite all the warnings , continue to eat too much and exercise too little . i have a theory . it ai n't pretty . but it 's got to be true : we just do n't care . `` the acceptance of obesity is prevalent , '' according to claire putnam , an obstetrician and gynecologist who believes obesity is a national crisis right now . `` when you look around you , 70 % of adults are overweight or obese . it 's seems normal , '' she said . just look at the numbers : more than one-third of u.s. adults are obese . seventeen percent of all children and adolescents in the u.s. are obese . that 's triple the rate from just a generation ago . so , maybe we should face the fact that we 've grown comfortable with our girth . it is crystal clear we have n't the foggiest idea of who needs to lose weight and who does n't . just the other day , twitter trolls scolded the singer , pink , for gaining weight . pink is not remotely fat . neither is selena gomez , haters . or britney spears , hecklers . if 70 % of us are overweight in this country , why are there so many willing to fat-shame people who are not remotely obese ? maybe it 's easier to criticize others for carrying extra weight than to admit we have a weight problem ourselves . because it is abundantly clear we are wallowing in denial . dr. putnam points to one of kaiser permanante 's medical questionnaires . you know , the paperwork patients are asked to fill out before they see the doctor . there is actually a box on the form that allows the patient to `` opt out of talking about obesity . '' some patients refuse to step on the scale . `` you want to be sensitive to that patient , '' putnam told me . `` you do n't want to nag . but , doctors need to step in and say we need to fix this . '' cnn 's chief medical correspondent , dr. sanjay gupta , agrees with putnam . `` perceptions of weight are a big part of the problem , '' he said to me . `` if a person is overweight -- as difficult as it is -- they ought to be told . you know , this issue reminds me of the issue with concussions . we should call them what they really are : a brain injury , not ' getting your bell rung . ' in the same vein , we should tell people who are overweight or obese that , clinically , they 're ' overweight ' or ' obese ' and at risk for just about every chronic disease in the book . '' in other words , chubby is not the proper way to describe a person who is obese . just like `` fat '' is not the proper term for pink or selena gomez . and , yes , semantics matter . according to the cdc , 81 % of overweight boys and 71 % of overweight girls believe they are just the right weight . we 've clearly lost our perspective on what 's normal when it comes to a healthy weight . so much so it 's becoming a national security problem . so what will it take ? the answer can not be the u.s army .