( cnn ) think it 's hard to redeem your miles for an airline award ticket ? it depends on which airline rewards program you 've chosen , which route you 're flying and when you book your ticket , according to a new consumer reports study of 70 million passenger trips over the past two years . the magazine collected statistics comparing award-seat availability for the five biggest u.s. airlines on domestic routes . the top performer was southwest airlines , which offered the most award tickets , 11.9 million , and the highest percentage of award tickets -- 11.5 % of 103.1 million total passenger seats . `` the high number of award tickets is directly related to southwest 's unique combination of ' every seat is an award seat , ' no blackout dates , points that do n't expire , and a route map that reaches more than 90 different destinations in the u.s. and beyond , making us the largest domestic carrier in the u.s. , '' southwest spokesperson thais conway hanson told cnn . `` unlike other carriers , we also do n't charge fees for close-in bookings or penalize you for canceling your trip if something else comes up . '' at the bottom of the list was jetblue , which offered the lowest percentage of award seats and the fewest number of award tickets of the five biggest u.s. airlines : 892,000 one-way passenger tickets , or 4.5 % of its total 19.7 million u.s. seats . ( jetblue only operates in 10 of the top 25 markets included in the study . ) many jetblue customers fly the airline only once or twice per year , making it hard to accumulate miles , an airline spokesman told the magazine . by not allowing miles to expire anymore , the airline says customers will be able to eventually redeem them . delta air lines came in second place with 5.6 million u.s. award seats ; united airlines ranked third with 5 million u.s. award tickets ; and american airlines was fourth with 3.5 million u.s. award seats . what are the world 's safest airlines ? remember that award tickets are n't actually free . the cost of miles is built into everything you buy that 's earning you miles , and the airlines profit from you not using your miles at all . so it behooves consumers to book award travel carefully . on average , nearly 10 % of passengers on the five airlines analyzed by consumer reports flew on domestic award tickets , but some of them were n't getting the best value for their miles . while many u.s. fliers redeemed miles on american airlines flights from los angeles to san francisco , the cheapest average fare on that route was just over $ 100 -- not worth the 12,500 to 30,000 miles needed for an award ticket , consumer reports says . better to use them on american airlines ' route between new york and san francisco or delta 's route between chicago and los angeles , which are generally more expensive than that los angeles-san francisco route , according to consumer reports ' calculations . while award-seat availability is important , it may not matter as much as passengers ' overall satisfaction with an airline . southwest had the highest customer satisfaction score ( 86 ) , followed by jetblue ( 85 ) , delta ( 70 ) , american ( 66 ) and united ( 63 ) . and do n't forget the fees . southwest does n't charge any fees , while other airlines tack on fees for checking bags , booking by phone , changing plans and more .