( cnn ) erica kinsman , a former florida state university student who has accused star football player jameis winston of rape , has filed a lawsuit against the heisman trophy-winning quarterback , her lawyer said thursday . kinsman has said winston raped her in december 2012 . a prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case . in the lawsuit filed thursday , kinsman alleges sexual battery , false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress . winston has said the sex was consensual . cnn obtained the following statement from winston 's attorney david cornwell . `` this stunt was expected , '' the statement said . `` ms. kinsman 's false accusations have already been exposed and rejected six times . this time will be no different . mr. winston welcomes the opportunity to clear his name with the truth . mr. winston is looking forward to the upcoming [ nfl ] draft . he will not permit this ploy to distract him as he begins the journey of fulfilling his lifelong dream of being a championship quarterback in the national football league . '' cnn does n't normally identify the alleged victims of sexual assault ; however , kinsman revealed her name this year in a documentary about rape on college campuses . fsu hearing clears winston . winston led the florida state seminoles to a national championship for the 2013 season and won the heisman , given to the most outstanding collegiate football player . he is expected to be a top pick in the nfl draft , which begins april 30 . `` as for timing , we did n't want to wait until the eve of the draft or after he signed a contract , '' said kinsman 's attorney john clune . `` as soon as we finished the various motions briefing on the fsu case , we turned our attention to jameis and got it filed . '' kinsman also sued the university in january . according to police documents in the rape case , kinsman said winston raped her after she had been drinking with friends at a bar in tallahassee . she said an unknown man gave her a shot glass of liquid before they left the bar . kinsman also said she did not remember much of what happened next but that she remembered being in a ground-floor apartment , where winston took off her clothes and had sex with her despite her objections , according to police documents . kinsman reported the alleged assault to fsu campus police that night . a month later , in january 2013 , she told tallahassee police that winston was the attacker . tallahassee 's interim police chief at the time , tom coe , said the woman `` broke off contact '' with investigators in february 2013 and did n't want to go forward with the case . the woman 's family said a detective warned her attorney that tallahassee is a `` big football town '' and that life could be miserable if she pursued the case . winston did n't play during the 2012 season but came to florida state as one of the nation 's top quarterback recruits , according to recruiting rankings .