( cnn ) lest we americans forget that -- in the wellsprings of our nation -- france bore the torch of liberty alongside us , our old ally has launched a reminder from across the atlantic 's waves . l'hermione , with three sail masts and bright royal blue and gold markings , is a painstaking replica of an 18th century french frigate that fought with the united states ' founding fathers in the war of independence . it set sail in france on saturday for virginia to retrace a journey through american history . in 1780 , the original hermione was assigned to a french nobleman , who fought as a general in george washington 's army against the british . his name : marie-joseph paul yves roch gilbert du motier , marquis de lafayette . lafayette carried prized cargo -- news from king louis xvi that france was throwing men , guns and treasure behind the colonies , according to a historical summary on l'hermione 's website . lafayette , who had been wounded in the revolutionary war had gone back to his homeland to lobby on behalf of washington , who was also one of his close friends . lafayette rejoined the fight on the front lines in virginia , while l'hermione did sea battle with its 32 guns against the english farther north . its coppered bottom was an innovation that made it cut faster through the waters . in chesapeake bay , it joined the blockade that led the british to surrender . after the war , lafayette returned to live in france . more than 200 years later , in 1997 , a group of people came up with the idea of reconstructing the frigate using the same building methods applied in the original . they claim the replica is the `` most authentically built tall ship in the last 150 years . '' after a year of testing , it set sail saturday to retrace lafayette 's journey , 235 years after the original , and france gave it a sendoff with the trappings of an act of state . `` l'hermione is a luminous episode of our history . she is a champion of universal values , freedom , courage and of the friendship between france and the united states , '' french president francois hollande said in a speech . president obama , in a letter to congratulate the launch , called france `` our nation 's oldest ally . '' `` for more than two centuries , the united states and france have stood united in the freedom we owe to one another , '' he wrote . l'hermione will ply across the atlantic for 27 days en route to yorktown , virginia , where it plans to arrive in early june . after that , it will show itself off in 12 ports along the east coast . it should be in new york city for the fourth of july , possibly sharing independence day fireworks with the statue of liberty . since 1886 , that gift from france -- also a reminder of our common bond -- has been america 's quintessential national symbol of freedom .