( cnn ) a naturalized u.s. citizen pleaded not guilty in ohio friday to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the fbi . abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , of columbus , allegedly traveled to syria for training and wanted to return home to kill americans -- particularly u.s. soldiers , execution style , the u.s. department of justice said thursday . mohamud was remanded into custody on friday . `` i am confident in the system working fairly and ( in ) our client getting a vigorous and aggressive defense , '' said his lawyer , sam shamansky . mohamud told someone that he wanted to target u.s. armed forces , police officers or other people in uniform , the indictment alleges , adding that `` mohamud 's plan was to attack a military facility , and his backup plan was to attack a prison . '' `` mohamud talked about doing something big in the united states . he wanted to go to a military base in texas and kill three or four american soldiers execution style , '' it says . mohamud allegedly said he was happy that his brother , aden , died fighting for al-nusra front , al qaeda 's largest affiliate in syria . mohamud told someone he planned to join aden in death soon , the indictment says . he became a u.s. citizen in february 2014 and submitted a u.s. passport application days later , according to the indictment . mohamud traveled to syria in april 2014 `` for the purpose of training and fighting with terrorists , '' prosecutors said in a news release . to get there , mohamud bought a one-way ticket to greece with a layover in istanbul , turkey , the department of justice said . he skipped the connecting flight `` and instead completed pre-arranged plans to travel to syria . '' once there , he trained in shooting weapons , breaking into homes , using explosives and hand-to-hand combat , prosecutors said . mohamud `` also stated that , after completing this training , he was instructed by a cleric in the organization to return to the united states and commit an act of terrorism . '' cnn 's john newsome contributed to this story .