( cnn ) they were huddled in the back of a tugboat . some were without shoes . their coats and jackets , still wet , were piled up in a huge container behind them . the 117 migrants , mostly from sub-saharan africa , arrived in the port of augusta , sicily , around 1p.m . tuesday , after being picked up by the tugboat off the coast of libya . the two boats they had been in were barely seaworthy , the tug 's montenegrin captain told me . the discarded coats , he said , would be thrown away . we had flown to sicily from rome following news that as many as 400 migrants had been lost at sea . the tragedy adds to the mounting death toll among those fleeing war and poverty in africa and the middle east . so far this year as many as 900 have lost their lives . last year at least 3,200 died making the journey . since 2000 , according to the international organization for migration ( iom ) , almost 22,000 people have died fleeing across the mediterranean . thousands may have died , but even more have succeeded in making the treacherous journey . this small group in augusta were among nearly 10,000 migrants who have arrived on italian shores since the weekend , according to the italian coast guard . with the onset of spring and calmer seas , it appears that the flow of migrants is not relenting . the group , which included 31 women , was composed mostly of nigerians and gambians . as they filed off the boat , representatives of the italian red cross did a quick visual inspection , checking for fever , scabies , any sign of illness . one woman , they discovered , was two months pregnant . timothy , in his mid-20s from nigeria , told me he left his home nine months ago . he paid human traffickers in tripoli 1,000 libyan dinars , more than $ 700 , for the voyage . for him , it 's a fortune . i asked 28-year-old jibril , from gambia , why he had left his home . `` it 's not like in europe , '' he told me . `` after 20 , 25 years , you have to make a future for yourself . but in gambia , i could n't . my family , they do n't have nothing . they are poor people . '' mercy , from kano in northern nigeria , seemed shell-shocked . in a faint voice she told me she had left kano because her family feared she that would be taken by boko haram . `` i was scared , '' 25-year-old al-haji from gambia told me about the journey from libya . `` i was taking a big risk . either i enter europe or i die . '' another man , from liberia , told me he had lived and worked in libya for 15 years , but was terrified at the prospect of isis gaining even more territory . an egyptian translator working for the italian police told me they had information that a large group of syrians were gathered in a tripoli warehouse , and were expected to make the journey to italy in the coming days . it seems that all the victims of the multiple tragedies and woes of africa and the middle east -- grinding poverty , war and the rise of isis -- are washing up on the shores of italy . the wars , unrest , upheaval , misery and injustice i 've covered over the last 20 years , in syria , in libya , in west africa and elsewhere , seem to be coming together to remind those who have enjoyed europe 's relative peace and prosperity that no man is an island . the small group of migrants in augusta has been taken in by the italian authorities . they 've been fed , clothed , received medical treatment , and will be taken to migrant camp in northern italy . most will then try move further north , to countries like france , belgium , the netherlands and the uk , where economic opportunities are better than in austerity-wracked italy . others will stay in italy , trying to eke out a living in the twilight economy as street vendors and beggars . and as they settle in , somehow or other , more and more will come to italy 's shores .