( cnn ) a delaware father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition after they became sick -- perhaps from pesticide exposure , federal officials say -- during a trip to the u.s. virgin islands . steve esmond , his teenage sons and the teens ' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in st. john , where they were renting a villa at the sirenusa resort . the family has confidence in their medical professionals and is hopeful for a full recovery , according to a statement released monday from the family 's attorney , james maron . the teens ' mother , theresa devine , was treated at a hospital and released , and is in occupational therapy , maron said . the u.s. environmental protection agency said friday that the presence of a pesticide at the rented villa in st. john may have caused the illnesses , which were reported to the epa on march 20 . paramedics were called to the villa , which the family was renting . esmond was found unconscious ; the boys and their mother were having seizures , maron said . the lawyer did not say who called the paramedics . elias rodriguez , an epa spokesman , said the agency 's preliminary test results `` do show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying . '' exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects , including central nervous system and respiratory system damage , according to the epa . the use of the pesticide is restricted in the united states because of its acute toxicity . it 's not allowed to be used indoors . only certified professionals are permitted to use it in certain agricultural settings . for example , the pesticide is injected into the soil of some u.s. strawberry fields , said judith enck , an epa regional administrator . `` we trust that the strawberry producers are making sure that there 's not excess pesticide residue on strawberries , '' enck said . `` you definitely want to wash them really good . `` this is a pesticide that 's been around for a long time , and ironically because of its impact and damage to the ozone layer , it 's being phased out because of the air impacts of this fumigant , '' enck added . field workers at a connecticut nursery were poisoned by the chemical in 1990 , according to the journal of industrial medicine . in 2011 , warehouse workers in california fell ill after exposed to grapes imported from chile fumigated with methyl bromide , the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention said . dr. sanjay gupta , cnn 's chief medical correspondent , said many parts of the world banned the chemical , a neurotoxin . the agent is to be used only outdoors . the chemical is also odorless and colorless , gupta said . `` it 's not something that you would have any warning of , '' gupta said . the chemical is often mixed with tear gas so people can be aware of its presence , he added . the epa said it is working with local government agencies to investigate whether the family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on march 18 and whether any environmental regulations or laws were violated . enck , the epa regional administrator , said paramedics were called early on march 20 . sea glass vacations , which acts as a rental agent for several units at sirenusa , said the unit directly below the one where the family stayed was recently treated for pests , but that the family 's unit was not treated . the company said it licensed an outside company , terminix , for the pest control services . on monday , it ended its contract with terminix . in an email to cnn before the termination , a spokesman for terminix wrote that the company is `` committed to performing all work ... in a manner that is safe for our customers , employees , the public and the environment '' and is `` looking into this matter internally , and cooperating with authorities . '' the u.s. department of justice has initiated a criminal investigation . `` many questions remain why an odorless pesticide of this level of toxicity could be manufactured , distributed and applied in a residential area resulting in this family 's injuries , '' maron said . the attorney added : `` the family is confident that the responsible parties will be brought to justice and held accountable . '' cnn 's rob frehse , jean casarez , sara ganim , jason hanna , laura ly and michael martinez contributed to this report .