dramatic pictures have emerged of a woman being rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters following saturday afternoon 's severe storms . the woman was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters at zetland in sydney 's inner-east , that was spotted by the same police rescue squad officer on his way to work . she was helped out of the vehicle by the officer and his co-worker at about 6.30pm and did not suffer any injuries . superintendent paul johnston from fire and rescue nsw told daily mail australia that the incident was just one of many flash flooding rescues that emergency services had attended from 4pm . ' at the height of the storm we had two hundred calls in the system , mostly about flooding in people ' homes and businesses , rescues from flash flooding - in the inner city they 're not as dangerous because people are just trapped in their cars and not at risk of being swept away - and automatic fire alarms , ' supt johnston said . the second round of wild weather in new south wales came after just two days of clear skies and transformed parts of sydney and the blue mountains into snowfields . marble-sized hailstones pummelled multiple suburbs in the city 's east and west on saturday evening , coating streets and backyards in sleet despite only lasting from about 4pm until 7pm . blackheath residents in the blue mountains , about 100km west of sydney , reported hailstones up to 2cm in size , while social media users shared surreal images of snowmen and even snowboarders on the streets of sydney . seven buildings collapsed in western sydney after suffering damage from the storm , with fire and rescue crews expected to work through the night to assess the damage . scroll down for video . a woman had to be rescued from her car which had become trapped in flood waters following saturday 's severe storms . she appeared safe and calm as police and fire and rescue crews assisted her at zetland in sydney 's inner-east . several cars were submerged in the flood waters following the flash flooding that struck the city . a combination of hail and water at enmore in sydney 's inner-west , almost completely submerged a line of cars . streets and backyards were transformed into snowfields across sydney and the blue mountains . pictured maroubra in sydney 's east . an unstable air mass over the top of new south wales is understood to have generated the east-moving storm . pictured : kingsford in sydney 's eastern suburbs . the bureau of meteorology issued a severe weather warning for sydney , wollongong and the blue mountains just before 3:20pm ( left ) , but by 4:15pm the severe storm had hit sydney after coming in from the west ( right ) . a police spokesperson told daily mail australia that two factories at huntingwood , in western sydney , have collapsed due to the weather . snowing in sydney ? sydney 's west was hit by snow-like hail after the storm travelled east from the blue mountains . marble-sized hail stones pummelled various suburbs in sydney and the blue mountains . nsw ambulance tweeted : ' luckily no one injured in this building collapse at eastern creek . be careful if on the icy roads ' . ominous looking storm clouds rolled into sydney harbour in the afternoon as the sky turned form blue to black and then a strange white . the nrl match between the sydney roosters ' and st george illawarra at allianz stadium in sydney had to be temporarily suspended due to hail and lightning . the bureau of meteorology warned that the blue mountains ( pictured ) , hawkesbury areas and sydney would be affected by severe weather . ' there were five major building collapses after half a metre of hail landed on the roof , and they are all on the one stretch on huntingwood drive in huntingwood and our crews are still there , ' supt johnston told daily mail australia . ' these are very large factories , around 200m long , and we 've had another two building collapses within a kilometre radius . ' there are 20 trucks and 100 firefighters on the scene now . ' the factories were believed to have been mostly empty at the time of the collapse , with only seven people evacuated . no injuries have been reported , however police and ambulance are still investigating at the scene . sue pritchard , a spokesperson for the state emergency services , told daily mail australia that an 80m by 100m wall had also collapsed nearby at eastern creek , where fire and rescue nsw and the rural fire service were attending the scene . ' we 've had over 800 jobs state wide since 4pm and we 've also had one flood rescue , ' ms pitchard added . ' they have mainly been in mount druit , marrickville and randwick areas as the storms have come through . ' there 's been a lot of hail causing leaking roofs and roof damage . there 's meant to be more windy weather about tomorrow , so we 're asking people to be proactive and check their properties to make sure nothing can be blown about and secure anything that is loose . ' public transport was temporarily disrupted as was the rugby match between the sydney roosters ' and st george illawarra teams at allianz stadium in sydney . heavy rain , wild winds and hails stones transformed the blue mountains and parts of sydney into snowfields on saturday evening . warnings stated that ' large hailstones , heavy rainfall that may lead to flash flooding and damaging winds ' were predicted . state emergency services issued cautions and advice to residents affected by the storm on their social media pages . hail stones piled up behind a door or a window during the storms , which only lasted until 7pm . hail covers a road and vehicle in the suburb of alexandria just after the storm passed . twitter and instagram users captured images of the storm : lightning strikes in sydney as the storm rolled in . hail is seen on the road in the suburb of alexandria . large areas of sydney have been hit by a hail storm this afternoon . backyards and streets were transformed into snowfields within minutes by the heavy rain and hail . the blue mountains , the hawkesbury and most of sydney were issued with severe weather warnings just before 4pm , with the bureau of meteorology warning the areas to expect ' large hailstones , heavy rainfall that may lead to flash flooding and damaging winds ' . the collapsed wall at eastern creek led to diversions along various routes on the great western highway and police reported flooding on parramatta road and flood street . the storm later moved north-west of sydney , affecting the maitland , cessnock , greater newcastle , gosford and wyong areas before heading further north towards newcastle and williamtown . it cleared off the coast by 7pm . an unstable low air mass over the top of new south wales is understood to have generated the east-moving storm over the afternoon , according to a weather watch spokesperson . state emergency services ( ses ) advises anyone in the affected areas to keep clear of fallen power lines , creeks and storm drains and warns not to walk , ride bikes or drive through flood water . forecast for sydney predict more bad weather at the end of the week , with the ses urging people to be prepared for the next bought of wild weather , including wild winds on sunday . ' there 's still going to be stormy weather next week and so now is the time to prepare so that you do n't find yourself with a hefty bill for damages that you could have prevented , ' sue pritchard said . a statement from the ses on saturday night added : ' strong winds are expected tomorrow in parts of western sydney , the blue mountains and the hawkesbury . ' with the recent heavy rains the ground is saturated meaning it is more likely that trees may fall . the winds may also blow around any inadequately secured items such as tarping , storm debris or loose roof sheeting from the storms earlier in the week . ' a building collapse at eastern creek has led to diversions along various routes on the great western highway . state emergency services have advised that cars be kept under shelter and away from trees . people should stay away from fallen power lines , unplug any electrical appliances and avoid using their phones during the storm .