mogadishu , somalia ( cnn ) a car bomb exploded at a restaurant near the presidential palace in the heart of somalia 's capital tuesday , killing at least 10 people , including a woman and a boy , police said . somalia-based islamist militant group al-shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack . group spokesman sheikh abdiaziz musab , speaking to pro-al-shabaab outlet andalus radio , said the blast targeted and killed several somali intelligence agents . somali police spokesman qasim mohamed roble told reporters that the car bomb killed no government official or soldier . among the dead , he said , was a boy who shined shoes . the area is not a new target for al-shabaab , which has battled somalia 's government for years with the goal of establishing a fundamentalist islamic state . the restaurant is across the street from the central hotel , where al-shabaab killed at least 15 people in a bombing and gun attack in february . the streets outside the restaurant were `` littered with debris and human body parts '' after tuesday 's explosion , witness mohamed ali said . the blast damaged nearby buildings and vehicles at a parking lot , according to ali . ambulances took wounded people to a nearby hospital for treatment . tuesday 's bombing is at least the third high-profile attack near or at a mogadishu hotel since february . on february 20 , militants attacked the central hotel , blowing up a car bomb outside before shooting people and detonating another bomb inside . al-shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack . more than a month later , on march 27 , gunmen detonated explosives and shot people at a different mogadishu hotel -- the makka al mukarama -- leaving at least 20 people dead . the attack stretched into the next day before security personnel killed all the assailants . al-shabaab also said it was responsible for the makka al mukarama attack , claiming it targeted the hotel because its guests were spies and government officials . among those killed in the march 27 assault was yusuf mohamed ismail bari-bari , somalia 's permanent representative to the united nations in geneva , switzerland , the somali government said . journalist omar nor reported from mogadishu . cnn 's jason hanna wrote in atlanta .