( cnn ) authorities in south carolina have released dash cam video in connection with the fatal shooting of walter scott , but the footage does not show the actual shooting . video from the patrol car of north charleston 's michael slager shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and scott . slager approaches scott 's vehicle . the two men speak . scott tells the officer he does not have insurance and is in the process of purchasing the vehicle . slager then returns to his patrol car . scott exits his vehicle , briefly , and slager tells him to stay in the car . scott then gets out of the car , again , and runs away , out of the range of the dash cam . the video , which was released thursday , also shows a passenger in scott 's car . the passenger 's identity was not given in a police report obtained by cnn , but another officer responding to the incident said in the report that the passenger was detained and placed in the back seat of a police vehicle . scott family attorney chris stewart told cnn the man with scott was a co-worker and friend . he did not identify the friend by name . when asked what might have motivated scott to run , justin bamberg , another attorney for the family , speculated that scott might have been concerned about child support issues . scott owed back payments on child support totaling $ 18,104.43 , according to charleston county family court documents obtained by cnn . he had a bench warrant issued against him for failure to pay at the time he was stopped by slager . but bamberg was adamant the dash cam video does not alter what happened . `` this dash cam footage does not change the fact that at the moment the officer shot and killed mr. scott -- that shooting was completely unjustified . and that is the key point of both the criminal investigation and the civil lawsuit , '' the lawyer said . the north charleston police department is not providing more information , citing an ongoing investigation of scott 's killing that 's being conducted by the independent south carolina law enforcement division ( sled ) . many questions remain about what happened on saturday when officer slager pulled scott over for what police have said was a broken taillight . in the police report that cnn obtained , a responding officer said that slager said that at one point he started to chase scott down a street . `` shots fired and the subject is down , '' the officer writes that slager said . `` he took my taser . '' but a witness who shot cell phone video of the incident says he never saw scott try to get slager 's taser . feidin santana was walking to work when he saw slager and scott struggle on the ground , he told nbc 's lester holt on wednesday . santana then took out his phone and started recording video . `` i remember the police ( officer ) had control of the situation . he had control of scott , '' santana said . then , santana said , he heard the sound of a taser . it seemed to santana that scott was trying to get away and avoid being zapped with the tasered again . on thursday , a second witness spoke to cnn about what she saw . gwen nichols said she was in the neighborhood when she heard police cars speeding by and , curious , she followed them . she saw scott and slager at the entrance to a vacant lot . `` it was like a tussle type of thing , like , you know , like , ' what do you want ? ' or ' what did i do ? ' type of thing , '' said nichols , who said she has not yet talked to police about what she saw . `` i did n't hear mr. slager saying : ' stop ! ' `` she said . feidin showed the video to the scott family . but santana has said fear for his own life almost kept him from revealing the tape . in interviews with msnbc and nbc , santana recalled the moments when he recorded the video . `` i ... thought about erasing the video , '' santana told msnbc 's `` all in with chris hayes '' in an interview that aired wednesday evening . `` i felt that my life , with this information , might be in danger . '' the video shows slager shooting eight times at scott as scott runs away . witness : i nearly erased shooting video out of fear . an autopsy showed that scott suffered multiple gunshot wounds to the back of his body . before the officer starts firing his gun in the video , a dark object falls behind him and hits the ground . it 's not clear whether that is the taser . later in the video , when the officer approaches scott 's body , he drops a dark object next to the man . it 's also not clear whether that is the taser . it 's unknown whether scott took the officer 's taser or whether the officer picked the object up and moved it closer to the body . slager has been fired and charged with murder . he is white . scott , who was unarmed , was black . timeline of events . scott 's shooting stirred memories of the michael brown case in ferguson , missouri , where an unarmed black teenager was killed by a white police officer . a grand jury declined to indict the officer in that case . but not everyone agreed that scott 's case is like brown 's or that race was a factor . asked how he felt about slager being charged with murder , santana answered that `` no one can feel happy . '' `` he has his family , and mr. scott also has his family , '' he told holt . `` but i think , you know , he made a bad decision . ... mr. scott did n't deserve this . and there were other ways that can be used to get him arrested . and that was n't the proper way to do that . '' lessons learned from ferguson to north charleston . the fbi is investigating , as is sled . `` i have watched the video , and i was sickened by what i saw , '' north charleston police chief eddie driggers told reporters wednesday . mayor keith summey spoke at the same news conference , which was repeatedly interrupted by protesters who chanted : `` no justice ! no peace ! '' they called for the mayor to step down . summey said that the city has ordered an additional 150 body cameras `` so every officer on the street '' in the city will have one . that is in addition to 101 body cameras already ordered , he said . just before the conference was set to begin , demonstrators walked in . they were led by a man wearing a `` black lives matter '' t-shirt who shouted , `` this is what democracy looks like ! '' 2010 census data show that north charleston is 47 % black and 42 % white . the makeup of the city 's police department is unclear , though it 's been widely reported that 2007 federal figures indicated it was about 80 % black . three of 10 city council members are black . it 's unclear what slager 's motivation was , or if race played a part in scott 's slaying . `` we ca n't get into the brain of another individual , so we ca n't state that , '' scott family attorney stewart said . `` i think it would be irresponsible to say that and try and inflame a community or anything of that nature . '' if convicted , slager could face life in prison or the death penalty . who is officer slager ? an autopsy of scott showed that he `` sustained multiple gunshot wounds to the back of his body , '' and his death was the result of a homicide , the charleston county coroner 's office said . asked whether cpr was performed on scott after slager shot him , driggers said : `` in the end of it ( the video ) , what i saw was ( what i ) believed to be a police officer removing the shirt of the individual and performing some type of life-saving ( procedure ) , but i 'm not sure what took place there . '' when scott 's brother anthony saw the video , he was convinced slager 's account of what happened was not true , he told cnn . `` there was not a struggle for the taser , '' anthony scott said . `` i did n't believe my brother would have done that anyway . '' to anthony scott , the videotape shows his brother was `` running for his life '' away from the officer . `` i think my brother was thinking he was not going to be shot , no one would have thought that , '' scott said . family members have adamantly repeated that they do n't want protests over scott 's slaying to become violent . and , so far , the demonstrations have been passionate but peaceful . scott 's mother , judy scott , told cnn 's anderson cooper that she feels `` forgiveness in my heart , even for the guy that shot and killed my son . '' `` he was a loving son , a loving father , '' she said . `` he cared about his family and ... no matter what happens , it will not replace my son . '' who was walter scott ? cnn 's tony marco , ryan scallan , christine bear , tristan smith , martin savidge , brian todd , dana ford , sam stringer and evan perez contributed to this report .