washington ( cnn ) it 's the mistake that hillary clinton wo n't make again : ignoring her gender . the low-key video she released on sunday announcing her run for the white house is filled with women -- young , old , black , white , asian and latina -- working in their gardens , taking care of their kids and getting ready for life in the working world . clinton , who made herself the center of her campaign announcement in 2007 , is barely in the video at all , appearing at the end as a kind of everywoman whose story and fight could be folded in with all the others . `` i 'm getting ready to do something , too . i 'm running for president , '' clinton said in the video . `` everyday americans need a champion , and i want to be that champion -- so you can do more than just get by -- you can get ahead . '' clinton often says there 's no better time in history to be born female than the present . she 's now betting that there is no better time for her to make history as the nation 's first woman president . the challenge for clinton in breaking the `` highest , hardest glass ceiling '' that she described in 2008 is laying out a precise campaign vision that connects with all voters , while generating excitement and anticipation over the possibility of making history . clinton could be helped by an improving climate for women in politics . there are historic numbers of women in congress , and the idea of `` leaning in '' is a catch phrase among professional women . meanwhile , the feminism label does n't seem as charged as it once was -- people from beyonce to actor joseph gordon-levitt are identifying as feminist . `` as far as the political culture and culture in general , this is as good a time as any for a women to run for the highest office . there is a willingness now to promote pro-women messages , '' said jennifer lawless , who runs the women & politics institute at american university . `` people are ready for a woman president . the question is this : are they ready for hillary as that woman ? '' according to a recent pew poll , nearly three quarters of americans expect to see a woman president in their lifetime . but that hope splits along partisan -- not gender -- lines . only 20 % of republican women hope to see a woman president and nearly 70 % of democratic women do . interactive : hillary clinton tries again . in the run-up to her announcement and at women-centered events , clinton sometimes strode on stage to the song `` i 'm every woman , '' and recalled how she juggled work and motherhood as a young lawyer . she has acknowledged a double standard for women and advised women to be tough . she has also frequently mentioned her granddaughter , charlotte , as the reason she wants to remain in public life , a theme that will no doubt be heard on the campaign trail as she kicks off a tour in iowa this week with small events . she made pushing for the expansion of the rights of women and girls part of her diplomatic work as secretary of state , as detailed in her book `` hard choices . '' her new campaign website is plastered with pictures of women , with clinton , in a blue cloth coat , holding a cup of coffee listening intently to another woman as a man looks on . the emphasis on women -- and the progress of women -- as a possible underlying campaign theme is a reversal of her 2008 strategy , which stressed experience and competence over history . but the problem with that approach was that avoiding the obvious was n't possible and did n't make for good politics . `` she is the gender card . she does n't need to play it because she embodies it . she is the woman candidate . she has shared women 's experiences . being a mom and a grandmother , '' said democratic pollster celinda lake . `` she will just naturally bring it in . if she overplayed it , which she wo n't , it could backfire . '' republicans certainly hope the gender play backfires and that voters are fatigued by the kind of identity politics that have defined the obama years . the wayne lapierre , the national rifle association 's president , put it this way at the group 's recent annual meeting : `` eight years of one demographically symbolic president is enough . '' speaking on cnn 's `` state of the union '' sunday , tennessee rep. marsha blackburn acknowledged that many women would like to see a female president in their lifetime but said she did n't think it would be clinton . `` there 's a couple of things there . trust , honesty -- those get in her way , '' blackburn said . `` as we talk about the polling that is out there , that gets in hillary 's way and she 's not authentic . '' in 2014 , democratic candidates such as former colorado sen. mark udall proved that the `` war on women '' style of campaigning that worked so well in 2012 had reached its limits . udall lost that race and picked up the nickname `` mark uterus '' along the way for his incessant focus on women 's issues . and democrats found that in states such as texas , kentucky and georgia , white married women and white working class women tended to prefer republicans . katie packer gage , who has been talking to women in focus groups about clinton 's run , said that to many women , the `` idea of hillary is more popular than the reality . '' `` she starts out having some benefits of gender because she is something different , but then starts to feel like a typical politician and gets back down to earth , '' said packer gage , who runs burning glass consulting , a firm that coaches republicans on appealing to women voters . `` you do see her starting to frame her campaign as a campaign for women , but that 's a narrow campaign , not a winning campaign . you are n't going to win 100 % of women . '' among republicans , former hewlett packard ceo carly fiorina might mount a challenge to clinton and try to neutralize some of the former first lady 's strengths as the lone woman in a field dominated by men . fiorina released a facebook video sunday in which she said clinton was a `` highly intelligent woman '' but does n't have a track record of accomplishment or trustworthiness . `` she 's not the woman for the white house , '' fiorina said . and among democrats , former virginia sen. jim webb could jump in and be the champion for the white working man , a demographic that he has said is left out of the democrat 's increasingly diverse tent . kentucky gop sen. rand paul , who launched his presidential campaign last week , has noted that the clinton foundation took money from foreign countries who oppress women , suggesting that the pro-woman framing wo n't be an easy sell . but clinton will have some high-profile champions . moments after her announcement , top democrats rolled out endorsements , including barbara mikulski , the first democratic woman elected to the senate in her own right . `` whoopee , hillary is off and running , '' she wrote in a statement . `` i 'm ready for hillary . and america is ready for hillary . she is going to break that glass ceiling once and for all . '' at a recent emily 's list event before announcing her run , clinton asked her supporters : `` do n't you someday want to see a woman president ? '' in that particular crowd the answering was a resounding yes . but it 's unlikely that the same question will make it in her campaign speeches . after all , the answer across the country is much more complicated .