lausanne , switzerland ( cnn ) a roller-coaster series of talks wrapped up thursday in lausanne as a group of world powers known as the p5+1 reached a framework agreement with iran over the country 's nuclear program . the success of that agreement remains to be seen . the parties have until the end to june to work out the details and put the plan to paper . but the talks this week were , nevertheless , historic , particularly for the otherwise frozen u.s.-iranian relationship . but that 's not to say they were glamorous . in fact , the negotiations this week provided a modern demonstration of diplomacy at its best , but also at its most hectic . tucked amid the swiss alps on the shores of lake geneva , lausanne is certainly one of the more scenic places to be trapped for talks -- a sort of camp david for the rich and famous . but make no mistake : the site of these negotiations is also a gilded cage . over the course of the eight-day round of talks , negotiators , their delegations , their security details and reporters were confined primarily to the immediate area around the five-star beau-rivage palace hotel , which played host to the negotiations . this is n't the first time the hotel has provided a backdrop to a major diplomatic event . in 1923 , the treaty of lausanne was signed there , breaking up the ottoman empire and defining the borders of modern-day turkey . more recently , the hotel has been a getaway for wealthy tourists and the occasional celebrity . coco chanel famously lived there in the late 1940s and early 1950s , and even had her dog buried on the hotel grounds , some reports say . ' it was tough , very intense at times ' . the setting is idyllic , and the grounds are beautifully maintained . the first-floor terrace even features a large-scale chess board , which served this week as an artful analogy for the game of nuclear chess going on just inside . for the negotiators , the past week was marked by a marathon run of meetings , sometimes lasting throughout the night . in an interview with cnn shortly after the framework agreement was announced , secretary of state john kerry said , `` i think there was a seriousness of purpose '' in meetings with the iranians . `` people negotiated hard , '' he added . `` it was tough , very intense at times , sometimes emotional and confrontational . '' that sentiment was echoed by iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif even as the talks were still going on . over the past 18 months since talks began , zarif said , negotiators have `` developed personal respect '' for one another , even though serious mistrust still exists between iran and the western powers . `` we have a very serious problem of confidence -- mutual lack of confidence we need to address -- and we hope that this process will remedy some of that , '' he added . media give-and-take . zarif made these comments to reporters who swarmed him during an afternoon walk along the lake thursday . such ambushes were a frequent occurrence during the talks as reporters tried to supplement what little information was being circulated through official channels . kerry was seen riding a bike on at least one occasion and dining at a nearby crepery on another , with both occasions prompting a cacophony of camera flashes . reporters briefly followed chinese foreign minister wang yi as he took a morning jog shortly after his arrival in lausanne on sunday . and zarif took several lakeside walks with advisers and security personnel , perhaps just hoping to take in the view , but certainly not making any effort to bypass the area where television cameras were staked out around the clock . the officials sometimes bemoaned the media circus , but they also used the attention to bolster their demands during negotiations , making statements to reporters that they hoped strengthened their footing in talks with their foreign counterparts . `` people often use you guys to deliver messages to the negotiation , '' a senior administration official who asked not to be named told reporters on the flight back to lausanne , `` as do the iranians . '' `` i think they 're quite skilled , actually , at using the media to deliver messages and to try to shape the frame of the negotiation , '' the official said . different orbits . more than 600 reporters were credentialed to cover the talks this week . many of these were based in a large workspace at the nearby olympic museum . meanwhile , the traveling press corps covering the foreign ministers were given coveted red badges , allowing them access to the hotel , where the talks took place . while these journalists had a bit more access to officials , they were usually cordoned off inside a couple of claustrophobic media rooms and barred access to most of the building , including the hotel 's reception desk , the first-floor restrooms and the two-michelin-star restaurant 's entrees , costing 200 francs or more . many journalists found refuge in the more comfortable downstairs bar , a shorter walk from the cameras and satellite trucks used around the clock by television reporters on a rolling deadline . for meals , the crowd dispersed to a dozen or so nearby restaurants , where they could enjoy 25-franc pizzas and 60-franc hamburgers , washed down with 8-franc bottles of water , of course . also popular : a thai place around the corner that offered quick takeout -- a plus for reporters on a deadline . ' we 'd all take deep breaths and try again ' . in the closed-off wings of the beau-rivage , the pace of meetings was frantic as different subsets of delegates gathered in ornate conference rooms . there was a sense of urgency , both before and after the initial march 31 deadline passed , to reach a final understanding so the foreign ministers could leave switzerland ahead of other time commitments , not to mention the easter holiday . the process was further complicated by restrictions on the flight crew for kerry 's plane , which could stay on standby at the airport for only a limited number of hours in a given time period . `` we 'd get close , we kept on changing the plane schedule , '' a senior administration official told reporters . `` it would go , it would n't go ; we had to reset the clock . '' on the evening the understanding was finally announced , the window had already lapsed , requiring kerry and his team to depart at 3 a.m. friday . there were `` many moments ( throughout the negotiations ) when we thought we 'd call it a day , call it a night , decide we 'd gone as far as we could go , '' said the official , who briefed reporters on kerry 's plane . `` then we 'd all take deep breaths and try again . '' but perhaps the most difficult night for negotiators was between wednesday and thursday , just before the final sticking points were resolved for a deal . `` it was a very , very intense , '' said the official . `` it went from 9 -- about 9 in the evening until 6 in the morning when we all decided we 'd reached a couple of roadblocks , did n't know whether we 'd be able to get past them , and we were all utterly , utterly exhausted . '' `` so we all went to sleep by maybe 7 , got up again and started again about 9:30 , and engaged on what we thought were the really final issues , '' the official added . rushing to report the agreement . that morning , the deal began to solidify , and plans for the announcement were set into motion . the announcement that an agreement had been reached sparked some chaos . it was first sent out by the european delegation , which spread the word to its traveling press corps even as negotiators were still meeting . as news began to get out , one european reporter ran frantically into the media area at the hotel , urging everyone to listen . his message : there 's going to be an announcement . there are buses waiting to take you to the auditorium of a nearby university where it will take place . and with that , the room devolved into chaos as journalists ran for the doors . the eight-day-long diplomatic event had hit its crescendo before finally subsiding . by midday friday , the delegations had left lausanne , along with most of the media , returning the scenic swiss city to its more tranquil pace .