( cnn ) it came a day early . baltimore investigators handed their files on freddie gray 's death over to prosecutors thursday , but the public should n't expect much . it 's largely a procedural step , and given the overtures from baltimore officials , the state 's attorney 's decision on whether to file charges against the six officers involved in the arrest will not be immediate . no reports will be made public , police commissioner anthony batts said , echoing an assertion he made last week that even after the prosecutors receive the files , the task force assigned to gray 's death will continue investigating . `` that is just us sitting down , providing all the data we have . we will continue to follow the evidence wherever it goes , '' batts said . the gray family 's legal team had no expectations otherwise . `` i hate to say this , but i think if people are waiting for answers or charges to come , '' attorney mary koch said this week , `` i do n't think that 's going to happen based on the way the process works , and i think that the government officials need to advise people of how the process honestly works and to lower their expectations about what 's going to happen . '' mayor stephanie rawlings-blake seemed reluctant to do so during a thursday interview with cnn . pressed several times on whether answers would be forthcoming , the mayor seemed to dance around the question . handing over the report represents `` an inflection point , '' she said at first , before explaining that it also marks a `` continuation in a process toward justice . '' she went on to reiterate a point officials have made several times , that releasing information hastily could jeopardize the probe and any possible prosecution . asked again if it was fair for people to assume they would not get answers immediately , she said baltimore officials had a `` duty to protect the justice process . '' prodded on whether the public should expect her or batts to announce findings , she said she did n't want to `` seek justice for optics '' and explained she had spoken to schools , clergy and community leaders about what to expect . finally , asked flat out if people should expect an end to the saga when the report was handed over , she replied : `` well , it ca n't be the end . there 's been no charges . there 's been no trial . it can not be the end . '' the family understands the process and was warned at the outset to be patient , koch said thursday . `` we 've told the family from the beginning that answers were not going to come quickly and that the investigation needed to be full and complete , ... and hopefully what will happen is the correct people are charged , those charged are prosecuted and that prosecution sticks , '' she said . perhaps lost amid the chaos that has descended on baltimore is that there is not one , but two investigations , seeking to determine how gray suffered a fatal spine injury in police custody . the mayhem since gray 's april 19 death a week after his arrest -- the looting , vandalism , blazes , attacks on police and firefighters , marauding criminals stoking the havoc -- has overtaken , or at least outweighed , updates about the investigations . newly appointed attorney general loretta lynch said monday that the justice department 's civil rights division and the fbi `` will continue our careful and deliberate examination of the facts in the coming days and weeks . '' because of the baltimore police 's history , the justice department has been working with the force since october as part of a reform initiative that will assess `` policies , training and operations as they relate to use of force and interactions with citizens . '' rawlings-blake requested that the justice department take a look at the police department , the baltimore sun reported , saying her request came on the heels of the newspaper 's report that the city had paid almost $ 6 million in judgments and settlements in 102 police misconduct civil suits since 2011 . overwhelmingly , the sun reported , the people involved in the incidents that sparked the lawsuits were cleared of criminal charges . asked during her thursday interview why no police officers have yet been charged in gray 's case -- given that if the case involved civilians instead of officers there would ostensibly be probable cause for arrests -- rawlings-blake , an attorney by trade , said the question amounted to speculation and cited her efforts to reform the baltimore police department and repair the community 's mistrust in police . `` quite likely , but it could be the same situation , and at the end of the day , it 's about this case and making sure we 're getting this case right . it has nothing to do with speculation about any other cases out there . this family wants justice . they do n't want us to sit here and speculate about what could 've have happened if it was a private citizen that did it , '' she said . rawlings-blake and police officials have repeatedly promised answers and accountability . `` we welcome outside review , '' police spokesman capt . eric kowalczyk has said . `` we want to be open . we want to be transparent . we owe it to the city , and we owe it to the gray family to find out exactly what happened . '' according to police , officers encountered gray on april 12 and he `` fled unprovoked . '' three officers gave chase , apprehended gray and carried him -- screaming , his legs dangling listlessly -- to a police transport van . once at the police station , officers requested an ambulance , which took gray to the university of maryland 's shock trauma center , where he died a week later . an autopsy report indicated gray died of a spinal injury , but batts has said that the medical examiner was still awaiting a toxicology report and a spinal expert 's analysis before issuing his final report . so far , six officers involved in the arrest have been suspended with pay : sgt . alicia white , 30 ; officer william porter , 25 ; officer garrett miller , 26 ; officer edward nero , 29 ; lt. brian rice , 41 ; and officer caesar goodson , 45 . five of them have given statements to investigators , batts said . releasing the officers ' names is standard procedure after an in-custody death and in no way implicates wrongdoing , kowalczyk said . though the investigation is not yet complete , batts said last week there are at least two indications that officers involved in gray 's arrest did not follow protocol . `` we know he was not buckled in the transport wagon , as he should 've been . no excuses for that , period , '' he said . `` we know our police employees failed to get him medical attention in a timely manner multiple times . '' that gray was n't buckled has raised speculation that he was injured during what 's known as a `` rough ride '' or `` nickel ride , '' in which officers place a handcuffed suspect in a police van and drive recklessly so as to toss the suspect around . asked if gray could have incurred his injuries via a rough ride or outside of the van , batts said there is `` potential '' that both could be true . baltimore police have established a task force of 30 investigators -- including members of the force investigation unit and homicide detectives -- to look into gray 's death , batts said . they 've conducted dozens of interviews , canvassed the region on foot seeking witnesses and procured video from closed-circuit television cameras . deputy commissioner kevin davis , who is overseeing the task force as the head of the investigations and intelligence bureau , said last week that the evidence suggested the transport van carrying gray made three stops before delivering him to the police station . but on thursday , he said a privately owned camera had captured evidence of a fourth stop . rice and two other officers on bikes were the first to see gray , davis said last week . two officers remained on their bikes and one gave chase on foot , pursuing gray for about one-fifth of a mile , he said . `` that 's where the apprehension of freddie gray occurred , and quite frankly , that 's exactly where freddie gray should have received medical attention , and he did not , '' davis said last week . the paddy wagon carrying gray traveled about one block before stopping , and gray was removed from the van and placed in leg irons , davis said last week . on thursday , davis revealed that the van stopped again , about a mile from where police placed shackles on gray . he did not elaborate on that stop . from there , according to the narrative davis provided last week , the van then traveled about half a mile before stopping again `` to deal with mr. gray , and the facts of that interaction are under investigation , '' he said . it was at that stop , batts added , that officers lifted gray off the floor and placed him on a seat in the transport van . gray requested a medic during that stop , he said . the van then traveled to another incident , about a mile away and just a few hundred feet from where gray was first spotted and chased . there , a second prisoner was placed in the van , which headed back to the police department 's western district building , about a mile away , the deputy commissioner said . it was only then that an ambulance was called and gray was taken to the hospital . `` it 's complex , '' davis said of the probe . `` it involves a minutiae of details . it requires our full talents , our full time , and we 're going to get this right . '' cnn 's chris cuomo contributed to this report .