duhok , iraqi kurdistan ( cnn ) the children laugh and shriek , as some of them seem to always have the capacity to do no matter how depressing the circumstances . their bright clothes provide splashes of color against the otherwise drab monotone white of the endless rows of tents . a small group plays with rocks , replacements for the toys they left behind when they fled , while others clamber through a jagged tear in the wire fence surrounding the refugee camp . the shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago , made up of some 4,000 tents and counting . thousands of yazidis now call this corner of iraqi kurdistan home , about 18 miles ( 30 kilometers ) from one of the front lines with isis , where one can hear the occasional reverberation in the distance of what we are told are airstrikes . the vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from the town of sinjar , which is near the border with syrian kurdistan , and fled the isis assault there back in august . but not everyone escaped . isis took thousands of yazidis captive . the fighters separated the young women and girls , some as young as 8 years old , to be sold as slaves , for their `` masters '' to use as concubines . men faced a choice : convert to islam or be shot . mahmoud was out running errands when isis fighters arrived , taking his wife , ahlam , their three children -- the youngest of which was just a month old -- and his elderly parents . `` they took our phones , jewelry , money , '' ahlam recalls . `` they had guns . they forced us at gunpoint into big trailer trucks . '' they were taken to a school turned prison in tal afar . from there , the family was moved from village to village -- and at one stage taken to mosul . `` they wrote everyone 's name down and they asked where we want to work , in the fields , as cleaners or as herders , '' she says . ahlam and her family chose to herd goats . they were then taken to a shia village whose residents had fled , where they were part of a group of around 40 living in one house . in the home , ahlam found a cell phone left behind by its former occupants and called her husband . `` i said we are alive but we are prisoners . '' ahlam 's husband , who up until that moment had lost the will to live , thinking his family was dead , says he cried out of happiness despite his pain . ahlam would call when she could , briefly , after midnight , hiding under her bedcovers . if she was caught with a phone , she would be killed . the village itself was a massive prison , its entrances guarded by isis fighters . she recalls that two men , in their late 40s or 50s , tried to escape . when they were caught , their bones were broken , their bodies tied to the back of a truck and then driven through the streets . the yazidi captives were forced to watch the gruesome spectacle . the men 's corpses were then tossed into a ditch and an order given not to bury them . one night , some of the yazidi men risked their lives to toss dirt onto the bodies , to give those slain what dignity they could . ahlam tells us that about a week before we met , isis fighters came by and took away her in-laws and the other elderly people living in the house . `` we did n't know where they were taking them , we thought we would be next , '' she remembers . so she and the rest of the group realized that they had to try to flee . `` we decided that either we survive or we do n't . '' they left at midnight . ahlam cradled the baby , as her two other children , ages 3 and 4 years old , clutched at her clothes . she prayed the baby would n't cry , that the children could keep walking . they knew the general direction to take , but not the exact route , and they could only hope it was toward freedom . `` when the sun started to come up , i thought that 's it , we are going to get caught , '' ahlam says . `` and what am i going to do with the kids ? i ca n't carry all three of them and run . '' luckily , ahlam never had to answer that impossible question . the group made it into iraqi kurdistan . the couple ca n't put into words their emotions when they were reunited . mahmoud , gently caressing his daughter 's palm , says he could hardly believe that the woman whose stunning eyes and gentle words he had fallen in love with , and their three children , were by his side again . it had been eight agonizing months . but their joy was tainted by fear for mahmoud 's parents . a few days after mahmoud and ahlam were reunited , isis released 217 captives . no one is disclosing exactly why . among them were 60 children , a handful of men and women , and the rest were elderly -- including mahmoud 's parents . `` we did n't know if they were going to slaughter us or what they were going to do with us , '' mahmoud 's father says . `` they moved us around a lot , and at one stage we stayed in in one place for three days . '' but ahlam 's parents are still with isis . vian dakhil , a yazidi member of iraq 's parliament , speculates that the yazidis isis released are individuals they were struggling to care for . dakhil is part of iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi 's delegation to the united states this week . she will be addressing the united nations -- pleading for more international support for iraq and more airstrikes to help defeat isis -- and she will address the plight of the yazidis . `` we sometimes say that we wish we had been massacred . this would be better than being kidnapped and raped . we prefer death now over the fate of what is happening to these girls and women , '' dakhil says . `` it is now on the government and on the international community to focus on this . how to get these captives back . it 's inconceivable that in the 21st century , something like this is happening as if we were living in the stone age . '' ahlam says she was spared because she was breastfeeding and she had young children , which , we 're told , makes her impure and therefore unable to be used as a sex slave . for ahlam , what she went through was not the hardest part of her ordeal . it 's the moment when the isis fighters began taking away the girls and young women . she 's haunted by their screams , the image of them being dragged away sobbing and screaming .