( cnn ) the racist and offensive emails that resulted in three ferguson , missouri , city employees either resigning or being fired have been released . the exchanges between the city 's top court clerk and two police officers were discovered during a u.s. justice department investigation of racial prejudice in the city 's police and judicial system . the emails -- which make offensive references to president barack obama , first lady michelle obama as well as muslims and minorities -- were obtained by the washington post on thursday after a public records request . cnn reviewed them friday . police capt . rick henke and sgt . william mudd resigned early last month after the emails were discovered as part of the evidence in the justice department 's scathing ferguson report . the city 's top court clerk , mary ann twitty , was fired in connection with the emails , officials said . one email showed ronald reagan , an actor before becoming president , feeding a chimp in the 1951 comedy `` bedtime for bonzo , '' with the caption : `` rare photo of ronald reagan babysitting barack obama in 1962 . '' another showed a photo of bare-chested dancing women , apparently in africa , with the caption `` michelle obama 's high school reunion ! '' a june 2011 email described a man trying to put his dogs on welfare because the canines were `` mixed in color , unemployed , lazy , ca n't speak english and have no ... clue who their daddies are . '' some critics have called for the department to be disbanded . last month , embattled police chief thomas jackson resigned one week after the scathing justice department report slammed his department . jackson will receive a severance payment and health insurance for one year , city officials said . opinion : change is coming to ferguson . u.s. attorney general eric holder ordered the ferguson police investigation after a white police officer , darren wilson , shot and killed black teenager michael brown last summer , setting off months of sometimes violent street protests in the town outside st. louis . the doj declined to bring charges against wilson , who has since left the force . no state charges were filed . in a separate report , the justice department described what it said was a `` pattern and practice '' of discrimination against african-americans by the ferguson police and municipal courts . that discrimination included racist emails . ferguson is a town of 21,000 that is 67 % african-american . among the findings in the report : from 2012 to 2014 , 85 % of people subject to vehicle stops by ferguson police were african-american , 90 % of those who received citations were blac and 93 % of people arrested were black . in 88 % of the cases in which ferguson police officers reported using force , it was against african-americans . from 2012-2014 black drivers were twice as likely as white drivers to be searched during traffic stops , but 26 % less likely to be found in possession of contraband . ferguson police chief mum on federal report . cnn 's ralph ellis , john newsome and sara sidner contributed to this report .