( cnn ) arsenal kept their slim hopes of winning this season 's english premier league title alive by beating relegation threatened burnley 1-0 at turf moor . a first half goal from welsh international aaron ramsey was enough to separate the two sides and secure arsenal 's hold on second place . more importantly it took the north london club to within four points of first placed chelsea , with the two clubs to play next week . but chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly queens park rangers on sunday , a team who are themselves struggling against relegation . good form . arsenal have been in superb form since the start of the year , transforming what looked to be another mediocre season struggling to secure fourth place -- and with it champions league qualification -- into one where they at least have a shot at winning the title . after going ahead , arsenal rarely looked in any danger of conceding , showing more of the midfield pragmatism epitomized by the likes of francis coquelin , who also played a crucial role in the goal . `` he has been absolutely consistent in the quality of his defensive work , '' arsenal coach arsene wenger told sky sports after the game when asked about coquelin 's contribution to arsenal 's current run . they have won eight games in a row since introducing the previously overlooked young frenchman into a more defensive midfield position . `` he was a player who was with us for seven years , from 17 , he 's now just 24 , '' wenger explained . `` sometimes you have to be patient . i am very happy for him because he has shown great mental strength . '' now all eyes will be on next week 's clash between arsenal and chelsea which will likely decide the title . `` they have the games in hand , '' said wenger , playing down his club 's title aspirations . `` but we 'll keep going and that 's why the win was so important for us today . '' relegation dogfight . meanwhile it was a good day for teams at the bottom of the league . aston villa continued their good form since appointing coach tim sherwood with a 1-0 victory over tottenham , who fired sherwood last season . belgian international christian benteke scored the only goal of the game , his eighth in six matches , to secure a vital three points to give the midlands club breathing space . another midlands club looking over their shoulder is west brom , who conceded an injury time goal to lose 3-2 against bottom club leicester city . but it was an awful day for sunderland 's former dutch international coach dick advocaat , who saw his team lose 4-1 at home against form team crystal palace . democratic republic of congo international yannick bolasie scored crystal palace 's first ever hat trick in the premier league to secure an easy victory .