( cnn ) as nepal grapples with an earthquake that has killed more than 3,400 people , ronen ziv worries about someone he has never met . his unborn baby is due this week in kathmandu . he had tickets to travel to nepal for his child 's birth from a surrogate mother , but now he has no choice but to wait in his native israel for news . `` it 's terrifying , '' ziv said . `` i can tell you i did n't get much sleep ... all my thoughts and all my prayers are for the surrogate mother and the unborn child . '' nepal is a popular place for israeli couples to have surrogate children . ziv 's first child , a 15-month-old daughter , was born to a surrogate mother in nepal . ziv and his partner , tom , traveled to nepal for the birth . they were planning on making the trip once again , but the earthquake forced them to change their plans . companies that help arrange surrogate pregnancies estimate 25 couples are now in kathmandu with newborn surrogate children , while 10 to 15 surrogate mothers are due to give birth in the coming weeks . the country is also a popular spot for israeli travelers . the israeli ministry of foreign affairs estimates there are about 600 to 700 israelis in nepal . israel defense forces is sending 260 emergency responders to nepal , including search-and-rescue teams . the group is also bringing almost 100 tons of medical aid supplies . ziv says his baby is in a breech position , requiring a cesarean section . in the current chaos of kathmandu , he worries his surrogate mother , nafisa shaje , will not get the proper medical attention required for a safe and healthy birth . ziv would prefer shaje fly to israel , where hospitals can provide the needed medical help . but with only days left until the baby is due , ziv said putting shaje on a plane might not be possible . `` if anything else happens , it could very quickly go to absolute catastrophe , '' ziv says . hospitals in nepal have been flooded with injured quake victims . some have been turned away so doctors can tend to the most severely injured . cila tamir , ziv 's attorney , has been working with the ministry of the interior to try to bring shaje to israel . `` she has no place to deliver . no conditions , '' tamir said . `` everything is ruined there , and i 'm sure that the hospital does n't function normally because of the casualties and the injuries . ''