tokyo ( cnn ) a former school principal in japan says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women -- some of them girls as young as 14 -- during repeated visits to the philippines over more than a quarter of a century , according to police . now , at the age of 64 , he 's facing criminal charges . japanese police say they arrested the man , yuhei takashima , on wednesday over allegations he photographed an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14 and produced pornography in a hotel room in manila , the philippine capital . police officers seized 147,600 photos that takashima took of his activities over the years , said takeshi akimoto , the police officer in charge of crime involving minors in kanagawa , a prefecture south of tokyo . the pictures were kept in more than 400 photo albums , he said . takashima , who comes from the city of yokohama , told police that he began paying for sex with women in 1988 when he went to work at a japanese school in manila . he said that stepping outside of moral codes relieved the heavy pressure he felt at work , according to police . takashima told police that he continued to pay for sex because it was so cheap . after the end of his three-year stint at the school in manila , he frequently returned to the philippines on vacations in order to buy sex . he said the ages of the prostitutes he hired ranged from 14 to over 70 . the philippines is a notorious destination for sex tourists , including pedophiles . the country 's sex industry is tied to human trafficking and feeds off the high poverty rate . akimoto , the police officer , said takashima 's case had been under investigation since 2013 . the incident for which he was arrested is believed to have taken place in manila in january 2014 . yokohama education authorities said that takashima became a junior high school teacher in 1975 and was sent to work at the school in manila between 1988 and 1991 . he served as a junior high school principal from 2008 until his retirement in 2011 . the education authorities said that the crime was very regrettable , if proven to be true , and that the city government works hard to try to prevent inappropriate actions . cnn 's yoko wakatsuki reported from tokyo , and jethro mullen wrote from hong kong .