( cnn ) from late january , when new england was living through one of its bleakest and snowiest winters , to a warm and sunny afternoon in april , the jurors in the first-degree murder trial of former nfl star aaron hernandez have considered how a promising young athlete who earned millions came to take the life of his onetime friend and future brother-in-law , odin lloyd . the jury of seven women and five men listened to more than 130 witnesses and reviewed more than 400 pieces of evidence over the months-long trial . on wednesday , they convicted hernandez , who was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole , after deliberating more than 35 hours over parts of seven days . after the verdict , jurors agreed to meet with reporters , at times laughing nervously while shedding light on what some described as the grueling deliberation process . here are five things to know about what they said : while declining to discuss specifics of what happened in the jury room , jurors said they came away satisfied with their decision . `` it 's a very big decision to make , and every one of us ... made sure we came to the best conclusion , '' one juror told reporters . at one point on monday , jurors asked judge susan garsh to allow smoking breaks , which were permitted during trial . some observers thought this signaled weeks of deliberations . a male juror said some panel members had meticulously filled four to eight notebooks as they listened to testimony . `` it was hard ... for everyone , '' said a woman on the jury . `` everyone 's life changed because of this . '' asked to elaborate , she told a reporter , `` i 've been here for as long as you have . '' `` it 's the hardest thing i 've ever done in my life , '' she said later about serving on the jury . `` absolutely , by far . '' asked whether they would say anything to hernandez , one of the women on the panel said simply , `` nothing . '' others nodded in apparent agreement . do they have any feelings about the 25-year-old former star ? `` for me , judge garsh said , ' keep your mind suspended , ' `` said a female juror . `` we went in there every day with open minds . we listened to the evidence . we heard what they had to say . we got to go into a room and see and touch and feel all the evidence and that 's when we came to our conclusion . '' did they know anything about hernandez or the case before the trial ? one juror responded : `` nothing . '' `` very little , '' said another . about six jurors raised their hands when asked who among them was a new england patriots fan . the jurors said they found out about hernandez 's other legal woes from garsh only after they reached a verdict . hernandez potentially faces three more trials , one criminal and two civil actions . next up is another murder trial in which he is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a boston nightclub in july 2012 . prosecutors have said hernandez fatally shot daniel de abreu and safiro furtado when he fired into their 2003 bmw . another passenger was wounded and two others were uninjured . hernandez pleaded not guilty at his arraignment . the families of de abreu and furtado filed civil suits against hernandez , and a judge froze his $ 5 million in assets , pending the outcome of the double-murder trial . the freeze includes the disputed $ 3.3 million signing bonus payment hernandez claims he is owed by the new england patriots . hernandez is also being sued by a man who claims hernandez shot him while they were in a limousine in miami in february 2013 . alexander bradley claims hernandez wounded him after the two got into a fight at a miami strip club . `` it 's amazing a lot of the information we learned today , '' a female juror said wednesday . `` i think we can all say we made the right decision . '' some jurors admitted to not knowing who patriots owner robert kraft was when he took the stand at the trial . but they agreed that kraft 's testimony was crucial . kraft testified that hernandez proclaimed his innocence to him and told the team owner that `` he hoped that the time of the murder ... came out because i believe he said he was in a club . '' `` to this day -- we just went through a three-month trial , and this is now two years later -- we still do n't know the exact time of odin 's murder , '' a male juror said . `` so i do n't know how aaron would have had that information two years ago . '' another juror was struck by the emotional testimony of lloyd 's family and friends . `` for me , it was in the beginning -- the pictures , '' a woman said of autopsy photos of lloyd 's bullet-riddled body . `` you 're told to be unemotional and to sit there and hold back tears ... ( that ) was hard . '' one man said his time on the case made him `` appreciate how quickly life can end and how fleeting it can be . '' and that the justice system can work . `` the system is designed to be fair to both sides , '' he said . `` in fairness , you ca n't rush . '' the jurors did not find credible the defense team 's contention that hernandez 's co-defendants -- ernest wallace and carlos ortiz -- carried out the murder . the two men have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . in closing arguments , defense lawyer james sultan for the first time placed hernandez at the murder scene . sultan described wallace and ortiz as a pair of drug dealers known to become crazed while on pcp , as men capable of killing someone in drug-induced fits of rage . `` did he make all the right decisions ? no , '' sultan said of hernandez . `` he was a 23-year-old kid who witnessed something , committed by somebody he knew . he really did n't know what to do , so he put one foot in front of another . keep in mind , he 's not charged with accessory after the fact . ... he 's charged with murder ... and that he did not do . '' `` we were all shocked about that , '' a female juror told reporters wednesday . `` it was very surprising , '' said another . asked about post-trial fame or the possibility of book deals for their role in the sensational case , a female juror smiled . `` none of us wanted to come into this room , '' she told the reporters gathered around her . the jurors said they expected to sleep peacefully wednesday night . `` after a beverage , '' one of them added . asked whether they were leaving the experience as friends , they all seemed to say , `` yes . ''