( cnn ) actress linda thompson , bruce jenner 's second wife , says she can `` breathe a little easier '' knowing her ex-husband has found the strength to publicly declare he is transgender . in a two-hour special that aired friday , the olympic gold medalist and `` keeping up with the kardashians '' star said he has the `` soul of a female '' even though he was born with male body parts . thompson , who had two sons with jenner during their five-year marriage , was one of many relatives to cheer jenner for publicly sharing what she had known for decades . `` i have respectfully kept his secrets private and would have taken his confidences to my grave had he not spoken out , '' she said in a column for the huffington post . `` he can finally realize his need to be who he authentically is , who he was born to be . that takes tremendous courage . for that i commend him . '' thompson wrote that she would not have married jenner if she had known about his `` gender issue '' when they first met . but she 's glad she did n't know because she would have missed the chance to share a life with him , including their two sons . `` looking back , i 'm so grateful to god , the universe , and bruce that i did n't know , and that bruce played the role in my life that he did , '' she said in the column . the two met in 1979 at a celebrity tennis tournament at the playboy mansion , while jenner was in the process of separating from his first wife . the two married on january 5 , 1981 , and made hawaii their home . their first son , brandon , was born in 1981 , followed by son brody in 1983 . `` the bruce i knew back then was an easygoing , down-to-earth , casual , romantic , good and loving man . i was extremely happy to have found such a remarkable partner with whom to share my life . i found him to be honorable and , well , just too good to be true . just too good to be true indeed , '' she wrote . they were a celebrity `` glamour couple '' of the time , appearing regularly on red carpets , hosting charitable fundraisers and traveling the world together for their careers . jenner 's star grew , and was a man that other men aspired to be , and someone women wanted to be with . `` the bruce i knew back then was unstudied , affable , and seemingly very comfortable in his own skin . so it seemed . '' thompson said jenner told her in 1985 that , despite it all , `` he identified as a woman '' and hoped to move forward with the process of becoming a woman . '' confused and desperate , thompson suggested therapy to help her understand what he was going through and `` determine if it was something we could overcome or ' fix . ' '' `` i was pretty ignorant of the fact that being transgender is n't something that can be overcome , fixed , prayed away , exorcised or obliterated by any other arcane notion , '' she said . he considered traveling out of the country for gender-confirmation surgery and returning to the united states identifying as female , where his children could meet him as `` aunt heather . '' they separated after going to therapy for about six months and jenner began taking female hormones and removing his hair through electrolysis . as he started developing breasts , his children began to notice -- a claim that jenner also made in his interview . thompson says jenner did not remain a presence in their lives after he married kris kardashian , mother of kim , khloe , khourtney and rob kardashian . together , the couple had two children , kendall and kylie . thompson said she forgives jenner for those years . he has already `` been held prisoner in his own flesh '' and hopes that his life will get easier now . in addition to `` world 's greatest athlete , '' she hopes people will remember him as `` trailblazer for the civil rights of the transgender community . ''