nairobi , kenya ( cnn ) kenya froze dozens of accounts linked to suspected terror supporters after militants massacred 147 people last week at a university in garissa . the government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to al-shabaab , the militant group that claimed responsibility for the thursday attack . so far , the government has frozen 86 accounts , but that number could go up , said mwenda njoka , a spokesman for the interior ministry . the government has tracked supporters of the terror group since 2011 , and efforts to freeze their assets have gone on since then . it has a list of suspects from various parts of the country , but mostly in nairobi and mombasa , he said . kenyans mourned the victims of the attack tuesday night at nairobi 's uhuru park , where hundreds gathered . organizers unloaded 147 crosses , some draped with the nation 's flag , as candles flickered in the dark . of the fatalities , 142 were students at the university , and the rest were security forces and campus security . `` i ca n't even look at pictures of the people killed without crying , '' said mary wambui , 32 , who lives in nakuru , hundreds of miles from garissa . `` they were just children . they were trying to make a better life for themselves . some were first to go to college in their communities . they died trying to get an education . '' using the hashtag # 147notjustanumber , kenyans used social media to talk about the lives of the victims . they shared pictures of beaming faces , full of life and energy , in happier days . they talked about parents too shocked to speak after identifying their children 's bodies . some students remain unaccounted for , and wailing relatives alternate their searches between hospitals and morgues . kenyan authorities have not released the names of the victims . kenyan authorities had prior intelligence that a university in garissa could be attacked , yet the country 's rapid response team was stuck in nairobi for hours after the massacre awaiting transport , a police source said monday . the frozen accounts is the latest in a series of actions as the government faced heavy criticism for the siege , which lasted hours . a spokesman for president uhuru kenyatta said authorities `` got the job done '' and saved lives . the university had about 800 students . `` with the benefit of hindsight , you can always say things could have been done better , '' manoah esipisu said . kenya also launched airstrikes monday targeting al-shabaab 's training camps in somalia , according to a military source , who said they were not retaliation for last week 's massacre . `` the latest attack of al-shabaab bases by the kenya military is part of the ongoing operations that started in 2011 , '' the source said monday . kenya has also offered 20 million kenyan shillings , or about $ 215,000 , for information on the whereabouts of mohamed mohamud , who allegedly organized the attack . mohamud is a senior al-shabaab leader known by the aliases dulyadin and gamadhere , authorities said . al-shabaab is based in somalia , and its violence has spread to kenya before . in 2013 , militants attacked nairobi 's upscale westgate mall , leaving 67 people dead . the terror group has intensified attacks in kenya since the country sent troops to somalia four years ago to help battle the militants . cnn 's joseph netto reported from nairobi , and faith karimi reported and wrote from atlanta .