( cnn ) robert downey jr. is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a british journalist who dared to veer away from the superhero movie downey was there to promote . the journalist instead started asking personal questions about the actor 's political beliefs and `` dark periods '' of addiction and jail time . twitter , of course , is abuzz : did journalist krishnan guru-murthy go too far ? must every interview be a license for a journalist to ask anything he 'd like ? from the start of the 7-minute television interview , it seems evident that downey is not particularly interested in being there , even if being there was , ultimately , a benefit to him -- after all , he 's promoting his latest film , `` avengers : age of ultron . '' he grows increasingly agitated , even as the line of questioning remains on-topic ; his attitude , meanwhile , grew increasingly smug . his eyes glaze over as the reporter talks , he makes condescending comments and gestures that seem intended to intimidate and imply he 's much smarter than guru-murthy , and he repeatedly looks toward his handler as if to say , `` do i really have to sit here with this guy ? '' at one point , he makes fun of guru-murthy for seeming nervous , saying , `` your foot is starting to jump a little bit . you better get to your next question . '' but it 's after guru-murthy asks downey whether he thinks he is `` free from all of that , '' referring to downey 's history of `` taking drugs , drinking '' that the building tension comes to a head . `` i 'm sorry , '' says downey , `` what are we doing ? '' to which guru-murthy replies , `` i 'm just asking questions , '' which indeed was so . downey has the right to refuse to answer the question , of course , but that 's not what he does next . instead , he throws the celebrity interview equivalent of a tantrum : he smiles arrogantly , says `` bye ! '' and stands up to leave . he sure showed him ! it 's true that we live in a culture where we feel we have the right to know everything about celebrities -- who they 're dating , what they 're eating , where they vacation , what they meant when they made that comment 10 years ago . journalists often go too far , even if it 's their job . and certainly not every journalist is good at his job . but while downey may be understandably tired of answering questions about his past , questions that have been asked before , his business is our business . the entertainment industry is about entertaining people . as such , we tend to like to watch actors who seem like they want to be watched . this is why most celebrities , especially those with a big budget movie to promote , agree to interviews and seek out recognition in general . but when the recognition no longer serves them ? then they want to bemoan it ? what downey seemed to misunderstand is that the interview format gives journalists the right to ask questions . that 's what an interview is . he certainly can decline to answer questions he does not feel are appropriate , or even ones he simply does n't feel like answering . but he does not have the right to be absolved for behavior that is rude , demeaning , and disrespectful -- even if he 's a celebrity , and even if he felt uncomfortable or put-off . what the video shows is a movie star with a bullying streak . after he removes his microphone and his handlers begin hustling him out with kid gloves , the actor can not resist a parting shot . he turns to the reporter , being sure to look directly at the camera on the way , and says , `` you seem okay . it 's just getting a little diane sawyer in here , '' followed by what sounds like , `` and you 're kind of a schmuck . '' downey might not have been `` in the mood '' to be questioned ... and those days , those moods , are understandable . we all have them . and yet in this case , that 's , well , too bad . the actor has agreed to an interview as part of his job . he has agreed to engage in a conversation with another professional human being . given the terms , he is not entitled to call all the shots . that he thinks he can is perhaps our own , celebrity-obsessed doing -- we revere the famous ; is it any surprise when they reveal that they , too , regard themselves as better than everyone else ? but it 's still on him .