( cnn ) have mercy ! lifetime has its follow-up to its `` unauthorized saved by the bell '' tv movie : the network is now taking on full house . the female-skewing cable network has greenlit `` the unauthorized full house story '' ( working title ) , the hollywood reporter has learned . in the same vein as its `` saved by the bell '' pic , lifetime 's full house story will look at the rise of the cast — including john stamos , bob saget and the mary-kate and ashley olsen — and explore the pressure they faced to balance idyllic family life on the show with the more complicated reality of their own lives outside the series . additionally , it will look at the warm bond that grew between the cast as the show became one of america 's most beloved family sitcoms . casting will begin immediately . an air date for the `` full house '' tell-all has yet to be determined . see more broadcast tv 's returning shows 2015-16 . ron mcgee , who penned the `` unauthorized saved by the bell story , '' will write the `` full house '' take . the telepic will be produced by the bell team of front street pictures and ringaling productions , with harvey kahn and stephen bulka also on board to exec produce . for lifetime , the news comes after its two-hour bell take fizzled on labor day 2014 . despite tons of build-up and excitement from diehard fans of the original comedy series , the bell take drew only 1.6 million total viewers , with 1.1 million viewers among the 18-49 and 25-54 demographics . that pic was based on former star dustin diamond 's behind the bell 2009 tell-all , with dylan everett starring as mark-paul gosselaar and sam kindseth as diamond . full house aired on abc from 1987 to 1995 . netflix this month revived the beloved family comedy as `` fuller house , '' with original stars candace cameron-bure ( d.j . ) , her on-screen sister , jodie sweetin ( stephanie ) , and best friend andrea barber ( kimmy ) , in a 13-episode follow-up series . from its start as an unassuming family comedy in 1987 to its eventual wildly popular 192-episode run , `` full house '' was `` the little sitcom that could . '' it made huge stars of its cast — from bob saget and dave coulier , who were grinding away on the standup circuit , to john stamos breaking hearts on general hospital , and the olsen twins . see the original story at the hollywood reporter 's website . ©2015 the hollywood reporter . all rights reserved .