( cnn ) is america a nation divided ? and has ohio found a better way to bridge those divisions ? it 's hard not to be concerned with these questions given the constant drumbeat of news about the issues that tear us apart as a nation : immigration , community and police relations , poverty , education and dozens of other crucial matters facing america . adding to our divisions is a harsh public atmosphere where politicians are preoccupied with how they can win the next election or give the best sound bite , and where lobby groups work to protect their narrow self-interests while ignoring a broader vision of what is best for our country . in ohio , we have been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues that have held our state back in the past -- social services , criminal justice , economic competiveness , infrastructure -- and i 've enjoyed sharing our state 's winning formula with others in my travels . in 2011 , i returned to public service -- after earlier serving for 18 years in congress in the 1980s and '90s . over the intervening years , ohio had lost its way and was hurting . i felt called to help after knowing that members of 350,000 ohio families had lost their jobs and were looking to get back on their feet . ohio is much stronger today . and that turnaround and success are worth being excited about and sharing . for example , we have gone from 89 cents in our rainy day fund and an $ 8 billion shortfall to now having one of the nation 's strongest state budgets and a nearly $ 2 billion surplus . we 've gone from losing 350,000 private-sector jobs to creating about 340,000 new ones . we 've gone from very high taxes across the board to the largest tax cuts in of any state in america , including tax cuts for the working poor . we 're seeing wages grow faster than the national average and ohio 's unemployment rate drop to the lowest level in more than a decade . getting ohio back on track was n't easy . it required big ideas , going against the status quo and tuning out those who worry only about protecting their own special interests . yes , we have a great success story to tell about our state . and we need to make ohio 's success contagious . the leadership style that helped us turn around ohio is needed in washington , where america 's $ 18 trillion debt ticks higher each day and our congressional leaders would struggle even to pass a resolution saluting mother 's day if it required their action . great leaders are not primarily guided by polls , political parties , focus groups , re-election , special interests or protecting the status quo . instead they bring teams of people together , challenge them to innovate and engage both sides to work together to fashion solutions based on common sense and the common good . as the chairman of the house budget committee in congress in the 1990s , i helped craft the first balanced budget since man walked on the moon . we worked in a bipartisan effort that does n't happen enough . there were , of course , disagreements along the way , but they never overshadowed the shared values we had to guide our work and the shared goal of fiscal responsibility and seeing our country live within its means . given the polarizing issues facing our country , america needs a leader who believes in a common set of fundamental values necessary to bring about change that will unite our country without being blinded by the many distractions that ego , selfishness and power produce . leaders who focus only on themselves and their own good have rejected this value-driven approach and make it impossible to make progress on our most pressing issues such as balanced budgets , tax cuts , welfare reform , border security , immigration and health care . we see it every day . there are certain values that guide great countries : • personal responsibility : it obligates us to be accountable for ourselves so we can then do our duty for our families and our communities . • empathy : it allows us to walk in someone else 's shoes , so that in times of disagreement we might consider for a moment that there might be another , better way that makes all of us stronger . • teamwork : it sets ego aside and demands that we all pull in the same direction to win . • faith : it tells us we are made special in the image of god with unique gifts that enable our mission here on earth . these values allow us to develop policy solutions that solve problems in new and creative ways for the good of all americans instead of producing rhetoric , sound bites and press releases that too often pass for true reform . in ohio we 've implemented this winning strategy . it 's worked there , and it will work for the nation as well .