( cnn ) it would have made thomas jefferson proud . established on the birthday of the american founding father , liberland -- the world 's newest micronation -- is founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be . a tiny , 7 square-kilometer parcel of land , marked on maps as gornja siga , its territory abuts the danube on the border between serbia and croatia . the victim of a border dispute between serbia and croatia , it is claimed by neither side -- effectively a no-man 's land . no one lives on this patch of land , which is heavily forested and contains only badly-maintained access roads and a run-down house , abandoned for decades . this is where euroskeptic czech politician vit jedlicka stepped in . on april 13 he planted his newly-designed yellow and black flag in the territory , declaring the area the free republic of liberland -- a tiny sliver of a country , bigger only than the vatican and monaco . he tells cnn that the country will be formally founded on may 1 and is inviting , through the media , the world 's heads of state to attend a formal ceremony marking the presumptive nation 's birth . he says that he will also invite 7,500 of the 300,000 applicants that applied to become citizens of liberland to the ceremony , where he will grant them citizenship . `` i will grant citizenship if they can make it to the party , '' he told cnn by phone . `` it 's short notice but a good challenge , and also for the presidents ( and other heads of state ) if they can make it to the founding of our country . '' jedlicka , an active member of the czech republic 's party of free citizens , opposes excessive government interference . he says his attempts to enact change in his home country led him to the political experiment that is liberland . `` i would describe it as a global revolution . it 's just the beginning , '' he tells cnn via skype . founded on staunchly libertarian principles -- its motto is `` to live and let live '' -- its website describes its system of governance as being a `` constitutional republic with elements of direct democracy . '' it will use a form of cryptocurrency -- similar to bitcoin -- as its national currency , bypassing the need for a central bank and will , according to its constitution , keep government 's noses out of everything possible , from the banks to prostitution . `` liberland prides itself on personal and economic freedom of its people , which is guaranteed by the constitution , which significantly limits the power of politicians so they could not interfere too much in the freedoms of the liberland nation , '' the world 's newest constitutional document states . financial regulation will be minimal , if at all present . jedlicka says almost 300,000 applications for citizenship have been received , about 20 of which have been accepted . `` thousands of americans , swiss people . also a lot of arabic peoples who feel oppressed by the regimes there . '' he envisions , ultimately , a community of around 35,000 liberlanders , not all of whom will be full-time residents . he says he expects trouble from his neighbors , whose land he has effectively annexed . `` from serbia , croatia , we expect some trouble but we expect international laws will applied and any movement against us would be an attack on a sovereign nation , and we will offer nothing but passive resistance . for now , ( though ) we will make roads , docks . '' for its part , the serbian ministry of foreign affairs released a statement to cnn that stated that liberland would not theoretically impinge upon its border , which is delineated by the danube , but `` the ministry also considers this a frivolous act which needs no further comment . '' croatia 's counterpart was similarly dismissive . `` virtual quips , however interesting they occasionally sound , remain what they are -- virtual quips , and for them we have no official comment . ''