( cnn ) the marriage apocalypse may be coming . talk to any millennial and you can envision an america virtually marriage-free , with everyone happily single . i did . and i do . recently , i talked about marriage with a group of journalism students from my alma mater , kent state university . they came to me for career advice , which i gave them , but i also picked their brains about politics , religion and marriage . their views on marriage intrigued me the most . 'cause , guess what ? they do n't care what your generation thinks -- they 'll get married if and when they want . `` i did n't go to college for four years to be a mom , '' 21-year old candace monacelli told me . `` there 's no housewife degree . i 've worked my butt off for four years to get this degree . you want to use it . you want to be successful . you want to have that happy part of your life as well . '' jackie demate , also 21 , agreed . `` i would have a very hard time justifying spending $ 20,000 on a wedding when i could go to europe . '' at first i thought jackie was kidding . so jokingly , i responded , `` wow , some people would say , with that attitude , you are undermining the moral foundation of this country ! '' jackie did n't blink . `` but , europe ! '' she exclaimed . `` i 'm really looking for a travel buddy . and i do n't think you need a wedding ring to prove that you love someone . i see a lot of people get married too soon or stay together and are unhappy because they are afraid to be alone . and i would rather be alone , successful and happy than in a relationship where i 'm not happy . ... i 'm ok being single forever . as long as i 'm happy . '' before you berate jackie for prioritizing her love of travel over marriage , consider where she 's coming from . a culture rich in divorce . in the united states , almost 42 million adults have been married more than once . that 's up from 22 million in 1980 and 14 million in 1960 . percentage-wise , that means that among adults who are currently married , roughly a quarter ( 23 % ) have been married before , compared with 13 % in 1960 . what a fine example my generation is ! not . still , there are no doubt more than a few parents out there wondering where they went wrong . especially in light of a fascinating pew research report on marriage . when asked if society is just as well off if people have priorities other than marriage and children , 50 % of respondents were ok with that . and of that 50 % , 66 % were adults between 18 and 29 . religious leaders are deeply concerned for moral reasons . economists are concerned for our collective future . studies show marriage is correlated with economic well-being , though it is not clear whether the causality arrow goes from marriage toward economic benefit or in the other direction . a study sponsored by the conservative american enterprise institute says : `` from an obvious standpoint , households with two adults are likelier to have two incomes , improving well-being . '' on the other hand , the study points out , people who have money may be `` more desirable marriage prospects . '' bingo on that point . the millennials i talked with prefer their partners to be debt-free and riding high . they also do n't want to burden a husband or wife with their own debt . `` right now , i 'm 21 years old . and i 'm thousands of dollars in debt , '' emily crille told me . `` that was n't something my parents bore . and it 's really hard to plan a wedding , or even think about something like that when you owe so much money , you do n't have a job , and you do n't have a home . '' i felt a certain sense of pride at their sassy attitudes . as a child of divorce i never wanted to get married , either -- until i met my husband at 38 . but , when i was in my twenties , waiting to marry the right man and forgoing children put me decidedly and uncomfortably in the minority . i heard the whispers : is there something wrong with her ? is she selfish ? unlovable ? perhaps it is selfish to establish a career , travel and have a child on your own . or , maybe it 's exactly right . scandinavians are just about there . according to usa today : `` in norway ... 82 % of couples have their first child out of wedlock . the numbers are similarly high for sweden and denmark . while many couples marry after having the first or second child , it 's clear marriage in parts of scandinavia is dying . '' the article also points out that `` norway ranked first and sweden second in the united nations ' quality-of-life survey for 2004 , which rates per capita income , education levels , health care and life expectancy in measuring a nation 's well-being . the usa came in eighth . '' in an effort to understand the joys of `` sambo , '' the term for living together in scandinavia , my producer reached out to mikael anteskog adler , a 35-year-old man from stockholm , sweden . `` to put it short , '' he told us , `` marriage costs money ( party , clothes , rings , honeymoon trip , etc . ) and gives no significant advantages , as there are no economic or legal advantages and no real social pressure to get married , or anyone frowning on premarital sex and cohabitation . '' wow . fifty-year-old anne lehes , from gothenburg , sweden , told my producer , `` i believe that one reason for many swedes staying single is because this is a secular country , so people think they will become fulfilled by their partner , and inevitably they get disappointed and then they do n't think the whole thing is worth it . '' maybe christina hugosson of uppsala , sweden , sums it up best : `` the notion that marriage is something that you 're pressured into seems horrible to me . ... marriage should be for love , not a matter of expectations , routine and everyday practicalities . '' my kent state millennials -- true romantics -- would agree wholeheartedly with hugossan . emily told me as much , `` marriage is about love . it 's not about planning or timing , and that 's what we 're all kind of waiting for . '' marriage is about love , but you have to be good partners , too . and , as they say , sometimes love is n't enough . which brings me back to that idea of a pending marriage apocalypse . would it be so terrible if we all remained single ? if i had remained single ? i thought about it . so did my husband . we did n't plan to have children , what was the point ? in the end , we made a decision based on love and practicality . a commitment would not only prove our love , but also force us to get through the bad times couples are sure to endure . eleven years later we have no regrets . but , we are not you and yours . would a society without marriage be just as well off as one filled with `` i dos '' ? i do n't know . but i would love to know if you do .