( cnn ) robert boardwine 's path to fatherhood was unconventional , but virginia 's appeals court said tuesday he is legally entitled to be a part of his son 's life . boardwine 's friend , joyce bruce , had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant . she thought after she learned she was with child that they should just be friends . she also thought that because they never had sex , she was entitled to be the boy 's sole parent , according to court documents . the court of appeals of virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth 's assisted conception statute and denying bruce 's appeal to deny boardwine visitation . it agreed with a circuit court ruling that method of insemination did n't come from medical technology . `` the plain meaning of the term ' medical technology ' does not encompass a kitchen implement such as a turkey baster , '' the appeals court wrote in its decision . bruce 's attorney , monica t. monday , said she would need to talk to her client before she can comment about whether they will file an appeal . boardwine initially was hesitant when bruce approached him in 2010 with the turkey baster idea , the court document says . they talked about writing their agreement down on paper , but that never happened . they tried the turkey baster method a few times . he 'd come over to her house , go to a room alone , bring his sperm in a plastic cup , they 'd chat , and he 'd leave . then she 'd use the kitchen utensil and wait . after she did n't get pregnant , she twice tried a fertility doctor . no luck . she and boardwine tried a few more times , and in july , she learned she was going to have a baby . boardwine came by the house with a stuffed bear and clothes for the baby . things were ok . he thought he was going to be able to see the newborn as often as he wanted . she thought he could have `` some involvement , '' the appeals court decision says , but she would be the sole parent . he 'd be like any other friend , certainly not have formal visitation . then they argued . over what to name the baby . they did n't speak for more than five months after that . the baby was born , and boardwine says he learned about the baby 's arrival from someone else . he went to the hospital and saw the boy at bruce 's home . joyce bruce said the visits were `` strained . '' she told boardwine to stop coming . so he took the matter to court . bruce argued that she used `` noncoital reproductive technology '' to get pregnant , and boardwine was technically a sperm donor . he argued that he always expected to be a dad , going to the kid 's games and taking part in making decisions on schools and medical needs . a court-ordered dna test proved boardwine is the biological father . the appeals court affirmed the lower court 's ruling , saying the turkey baster does n't constitute reproductive technology . boardwine was awarded joint legal custody and visitation . cnn also reached out to his attorney tuesday but did n't get a reply . cnn 's tony marco contributed to this report .