boston ( cnn ) guilty across the board . but will he face death ? after deliberating for 11½ hours , jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on wednesday of all 30 counts he faced in the boston marathon bombing trial . seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty . the trial will next move into a penalty phase , where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides and ultimately be tasked with deciding whether tsarnaev , 21 , will be executed . a look at all of the charges . jurors will be asked to weigh aggravating factors such as the heinousness of his crimes against mitigating factors such as his family and mental health history , as well as his relative youth . tsarnaev was 19 at the time of the bombing . the start date of the penalty phase has not yet been set . since testimony began march 4 , federal prosecutors have called 92 witnesses , and the defense just four . it seemed a mismatch from the start . `` he was there , '' tsarnaev 's defense attorney judy clarke conceded as the trial opened , but many say the defense strategy always had been to focus on persuading the jury to spare tsarnaev 's life . tsarnaev lawyer keeps hated criminals off death row . clarke tried to convince jurors that her client 's older brother , 26-year-old tamerlan tsarnaev , who died in a shootout with police days after the terror attack , was the instigator of the marathon plot . the younger man , clarke said , was only following his older brother . after the verdict , cnn legal analyst paul callan said clarke now faces an uphill battle . `` because no . 1 , he ( tsarnaev ) is almost functioning as an officer of a military organization attacking the united states -- the claim of course that he 's an islamic radical and that this is almost an army-like attack on civilians . `` and the second thing -- it was so well planned and so callously planned so that civilians would die , so that children would be maimed . and all of this , she has to get around and convince the jury he 's not worthy of the death penalty . `` boy , she 's climbing the mount everest of death penalty cases in this case , '' callan said about clarke . survivors react to the verdict . ann o'neill reported from boston . dana ford reported from atlanta .