( cnn ) it 's one of the most famous faces in history , even though no one really knows what he looked like . instead , every culture , every generation , remakes jesus in its own image . a blonde-haired , blue-eyed savior when america was mostly anglo-protestant , at least in hollywood 's eyes . an androgynous , meek-and-mild messiah during the anything-goes 1970s . a studly action-figure hero after the attacks of september 11 , 2001 . flip through the gallery above , and you 'll see what i mean . if you turned on the television this past sunday , though , a new vision of jesus came into view . darker , in mood and skin tone . earthy rather than ethereal . if not following all of history 's clues -- hollywood has yet to cast an actual jew as jesus -- then at least inching closer . flipping through the channels on a day millions of western christians celebrated the resurrection of their savior , viewers could choose from `` killing jesus , '' a natgeo production rebroadcast sunday on fox . `` a.d. , '' nbc 's sequel to the blockbuster miniseries `` the bible , '' and `` finding jesus , '' cnn 's addition to the ever-burgeoning body of christ-centered tv fare . does god have a prayer in hollywood ? what unites these disparate projects , besides a recognition that jesus always draws an audience and the good book is good for business , is the type of men chosen to play christ . they are brawny , with brown eyes and dark complexions . they look like men who could be carpenters , if not in nazareth , than at least in the mediterranean neighborhood . haaz sleiman , from `` killing jesus , '' was born and raised in lebanon . he 's also muslim , a fact that annoyed some christians , who took to twitter to voice their displeasure . adam bond , a british actor of mixed heritage , including native american , portrays jesus during the historical reenactments in `` finding jesus . '' and juan pablo di pace -- a argentinian named after the late st. pope john paul ii -- takes a starring role in `` a.d. , '' replacing diogo morgado , dubbed `` hot jesus , '' by some , `` smarmy jesus '' by others . you could make the case that authenticity is the coin of our current entertainment realm , and that filmmakers are competing to make their work as historically accurate as possible . contemporary viewers are too savvy to stomach the fake beards and odd accents that littered the camels-and-sandals epics of eras past . but there 's another , deeper meaning behind our new , multicultural jesuses , scholars say . `` filmmakers and networks are in touch with the fact that the complexion of america has changed , '' said stephenson humphries-brooks , a religion scholar and author of `` cinematic savior : hollywood 's making of the american christ . '' `` a large number of americans are people of color : latinos and middle easterners and people from india , '' humphries-books continued . `` that means the audience base is shifting in various and important ways . '' the audience base may be shifting , but it 's also tuning in . each of the jesus shows drew big ratings , which means you 'll likely be seeing more of christ as you channel surf . but according to the apostle paul , almost every depiction of jesus so far has gotten at least one detail wrong : his flowing locks . real men do n't wear long hair , said the new testament scribe .