( cnn ) after deliberating for more than 35 hours over parts of seven days , listening intently to the testimony of more than 130 witnesses and reviewing more than 400 pieces of evidence , the teary-eyed men and women of the jury exchanged embraces . since late january , their work in the massachusetts murder trial of former nfl star aaron hernandez had consumed their lives . it was nothing like `` law & order . '' the days were long and tedious . now it was over . `` it 's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us , '' lesa strachan told cnn 's anderson cooper thursday in the first nationally televised interview with members of the jury . a day earlier , strachan , the jury foreperson , announced the first-degree murder conviction in the 2013 shooting death of hernandez 's onetime friend odin lloyd . strachan said she was struck by the viciousness of multiple gunshots . `` you shot him once but you kept going and you shot him six times . there 's no need for that and there 's no need to use a gun . period . '' before the trial , at least one juror -- rosalie oliver -- had n't heard of the 25-year-old defendant who has now gone from a $ 40 million pro-football contract to a term of life without parole in a maximum-security prison . but kelly dorsey watches the patriots every sunday during the football season . she said so on her jury questionnaire . `` i knew of him as a football player , not a person , '' she said . it did n't affect her vote to convict , she said . it did n't matter that he was a football player , she said . nor did it matter whether he actually pulled the trigger in the murder . `` to leave your friend on the ground , knowing that he 's not there anymore -- he 's either dead or he 's going to die -- that 's indifference , '' dorsey said of hernandez . `` he did n't need to pull the trigger . '' that word -- `` indifference '' -- was used multiple times by members of the jury . jon carlson said he was struck by testimony and video evidence that hernandez and two co-defendants were sunbathing poolside hours after the slaying , drinking smoothies . hernandez at times left his then-8-month-old daughter with the two men . that indifference `` surprised a lot of us , '' carlson said . he stressed the fact that hernandez played football for a living did n't influence the jury 's decision . `` it does n't matter how much money you have or how much money you make . we 're all people , and we 're all equal , and we all deserve the same fair trial , and that 's what we wanted to make sure we gave him , '' carlson said . lloyd was seen june 17 , 2013 , around 2:30 a.m. with hernandez and hernandez 's friends , carlos ortiz and ernest wallace , in a rented silver nissan altima . later that day , a jogger found his body . he had been shot six times , according to prosecutors . wallace and ortiz , who were also charged with murder , have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . what 's next for aaron hernandez ? rosalie oliver -- the juror who had n't heard of hernandez before the trial -- said that , for her , the first shot was enough . `` there was no need for the other five , '' she said . `` one shot for me is cruelty . '' oliver and other jurors said they were surprised to receive calls from friends congratulating them after the verdict . `` who won ? '' she asked `` odin lloyd did n't win . ( his mother ) did n't bring back her son . did mr. hernandez win ? no , because he 's going to serve the rest of his life in jail and he 's 25 years old . the worst part for me is : how about that little girl that 's never going to see her father again ? '' what prison life will be like for aaron hernandez . oliver recalled making eye contact with hernandez at one point during the months-long trial . `` he actually nodded to me one time , '' she said . `` you come in that room every day and you see this person and it 's hard to come to that decision at the end because -- like three months with them -- it 's almost like they 're part of you . and then , all of a sudden now , you 've got to make that decision to either put him away or let him go . '' the jurors declined to talk about the dynamics inside the jury room , choosing instead to keep the focus on the evidence presented during trial . they conveyed a sense of gravity about their task . `` you see , you know , ' law & order ' and all these different tv shows and it 's just nothing like that at all . it 's just very serious , '' carlson said . 5 things to know about the jury .