( cnn ) this week , hillary clinton surprised the world yet again — not with the official launch of her campaign but for the unconventional way she did it . she sure pushed the envelope . with her video , new logo and road trip , she opened a long communications campaign not only to `` rebrand '' herself but to completely reframe who she is , what she stands for and how she intends to run . we 'll find out over the next year and a half whether it will work . many in the press and on late-night television scratched their heads this week ; others were scathing . ruth marcus -- a columnist for the washington post -- dismissed her launch video as a `` relentlessly , insultingly vapid '' effort of `` demographic box-checking . '' jon stewart lampooned it as a `` state farm commercial gone viral '' and also `` boring as s -- - . '' since the media will likely be the stand-in primary opponent for hillary , their belief in her authenticity is a critical factor in whether she can reframe herself in voter 's eyes . but from a marketing perspective , her launch may have been much more successful than critics think . the youtube announcement video took on the central strategic challenge for the campaign and candidate : to flip clinton 's message from self-absorbed `` i '' to empathetic `` we . '' while critics may sneer , it is hard to deny that the image it projects of hillary is more confident , fresher , simpler and forward-looking , with even a bit of the upstart feel of two of the most successful product launch companies , nike and apple . clinton 's team may have begun to create an empathetic relationship with voters that has eluded her in the past , most crucially when she lost the nomination fight to barack obama in 2008 . in marketing terms , rebranding is a strategy to bring a new name , term , symbol or design to an established brand with the aim of developing a new identity in the minds of consumers . reframing is a strategy that goes further : it seeks to change how a consumer ( or voter ) emotionally experiences an established brand . a rebrand may change how you think about a brand ; a reframe may change how you feel about it . in the apple case , the company at one time fell on its face when it unveiled the original macintosh ; some thought the company was headed for oblivion . but when steve jobs returned as ceo , he went back to the drawing board and soon unveiled the ipod , which not only changed the way consumers thought about apple , but how they experienced it . not only a rebrand -- but a reframe . take hillary 's road trip to iowa in the van nicknamed scooby . the press lampooned her , but i would bet that for many others , her unscripted and anonymous stop at chipotle reinforced the `` everyday americans '' campaign theme . hillary stood in line to order , an everyday customer among everyday people at an everyday fast-food chain . also introduced last week was what will come to be the single most-ubiquitous element of her campaign : clinton 's new and controversial campaign logo . it is a brilliant , iconic expression of the emotional connection she wants people to have with her , her message and her movement . in fact , her logo is all about movement . simple , confident , high tech and shorthand to a much younger set of voters , the bold red arrow moving left to right in front of the strong blue h says it all : you are the important ones . i 'm here to support you with everything i 've got . let me help you move forward . taken together , all the pieces of clinton 's announcement -- as well as the unconventional media she used to deliver them -- bring her back on stage not as a leader from yesterday but , surprisingly , as one for the future . coincidentally , the way marco rubio announced his run for the republican nomination most likely amplified the impact of clinton 's reframing . for all his posturing about being the new generation , rubio followed to a `` t '' the most traditional script for announcing a candidacy : traditional stage and podium , dark suit , bright tie , wife and kids on camera , a live speech , all about himself , timed for the evening news . rubio 's logo , the signature of his image , drew immediate criticism for being amateurish and unconsidered , even leaving alaska and hawaii off the map of america . in stark contrast , hillary showed the confidence and finesse to buck tradition on every front . it was hillary who pulled the ultimate jiu-jitsu . there are those , of course , who will be alienated , if not disgusted , by the way her campaign has unfurled such a sophisticated marketing plan . in a day when voters are yearning for authenticity , how do we know this is the real hillary or a candidate in a mask ? fair question . but for better or worse , mass marketing has become the staple of presidential campaigns -- that 's where most campaign dollars go . both sides know how to play , sometimes brilliantly . remember the reagan advertisements of 1984 , proclaiming `` morning in america '' ? what we know is that over time , voters see a lot of unscripted moments of a candidate where the real character comes through . and if they spot hypocrisy between ads and the candidate , that campaign will get into trouble fast . that 's why the key to hillary clinton 's success in reframing her message and movement will be consistency . she must not only take the essence of a humble , empathic relationship with voters and integrate it into all elements of her communication , she must also live it every day . otherwise there will be messaging `` schizophrenia , '' the solid start with flashes of brilliance will peter out and she 'll be facing the same voter perceptions that doomed her race in 2008 . in the meantime , one can imagine clinton getting a huge , satisfying belly laugh out of the early returns on her efforts .