( cnn ) yemeni officials said saudi airstrikes targeting a military base on tuesday hit a nearby school , injuring at least a half dozen students . the information came from two officials with the governor 's office in ibb province , where the school is located , as well as houthi sources from the rebel group that is fighting for control of the country . a third source , with the education ministry in ibb , said three students had been killed at the al bastain school in maitam , in southwestern yemen , as a result of an airstrike . the officials from ibb 's governor 's office said the al hamza military base was targeted because houthis have been sending reinforcements from ibb to nearby provinces . there were no casualties on the base , the officials said , but it was heavily damaged . the school , which is about 500 meters ( one-third of a mile ) from the base , was not the main target , the officials said . schoolchildren were heading to their lunch break when the attacks took place , the officials said . the incident was another example of what has become evident in recent days : the chaos in yemen , now the scene of some of the most chaotic fighting in the middle east , has left civilians -- noncombatants , both locals and foreigners -- caught in the crossfire . those trying to escape the violence , either by leaving their homes or by leaving the country altogether , have been flung into a vortex of fear , fatigue , flight and death . explosions shattered windows in sanaa , the country 's capital . the fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks . at least 74 children are known to have been killed and 44 children maimed since the fighting began on march 26 , unicef said monday in a statement . that did not include the children reportedly killed tuesday in maitam . separately , saudi airstrikes wiped out about a fifth of the armored vehicles recently captured by southern separatists opposing the houthis near aden , according to a senior official in the separatist movement . the official expressed frustration about the lack of coordination between the saudi military and friendly forces in the region , including the anti-houthi southern separatists . ( the houthis are also sometimes referred to as southern separatists ) . `` the saudis have no one on the ground in aden , '' he said , calling for the military to work out a means of coordination . `` there is very little coordination . '' the group had recently captured about 100 pieces of mixed armor . among the captured weaponry , the official said , were tanks , armored personnel carriers , and some large artillery . about 20 pieces were destroyed in the saudi attack that took place near an old oil refinery . over the weekend , a saudi-led coalition smashed parts of yemen 's defense ministry central command in the capital , senior yemeni officials said . despite the rain of bombs , the houthis still control sanaa . but the airstrikes have destroyed much of the city 's infrastructure . the electricity has gone out on 16 million yemenis living in houthi-held areas , the yemeni officials said . many fear they will lose access to clean water as well . yemenis and foreigners are scrambling to leave . passengers carrying duffel bags and plastic sacks stuffed with clothes were seen boarding an air india flight as they hastened to leave the capital . some of them sprinted to the plane . this was a flight that no one wanted to miss . many were not newcomers to yemen . damodar thakur , a professor at sanaa university , had lived in the capital for 34 years . `` i never felt like a foreigner , '' he said . he was exhausted by the shelling . `` at night , my goodness ! '' he said . `` gunshots being fired every minute . sometimes the sky full of sparkling lights . some women crying , children terrified . really bad . '' over the last few days , india has evacuated 2,500 people from yemen , said vijay kumar singh , the indian deputy foreign minister overseeing the evacuation . the flights are going to djibouti , a small african nation about 430 kilometers ( 265 miles ) away . some evacuees are fleeing on boats from port cities such as aden . `` more cars in the streets in # aden . scared families rushing away in cars with smashed windows & suitcases & mattresses on the roof , '' tweeted robert mardini , head of operations for the middle east for the international committee of the red cross . why is saudi arabia bombing yemen ? houthi rebels control sanaa , including the airport . but because of the airstrike campaign , the saudis to some extent control air access , so getting people out requires coordination . the saudi air force gave air india a four-hour window to go to and from sanaa and a specific travel route for a safe landing . as the air india plane approached the city , the crew could see the scars of the fighting . there were no cars on the roads . dozens of buildings were destroyed . at the airport , the landing strips and airport terminal were untouched by saudi bombs , but buildings on the outskirts of the airport and planes along the airstrip had been blown to bits . loading of the passengers was swift . they approached the planes carrying boarding passes -- a touch of normalcy in an otherwise abnormal event . they did n't pay for the flight , but they had to purchase exit visas from the houthis . children sat on their parents ' laps to maximize the number of people on the plane . some passengers fell asleep as soon as they took their seats before takeoff . everyone seemed to carry the weight of war , especially nurses who had tended the wounded . from djibouti , the evacuees will most likely disperse to their home nations . `` now i can only pray for yemen and those we left behind , '' thakur said . who 's joining saudi arabia 's fight against the houthis ? yemen has descended into chaos in the weeks since houthi rebels , shiites who complain of being marginalized in the majority sunni country , forced president abdu rabu mansour hadi from power . the houthis put hadi under house arrest when they overran sanaa in january . but hadi escaped in february , fled to aden and declared himself still president . houthis and their allies , including those loyal to hadi 's predecessor , then fought hadi 's forces in the aden area . hadi fled aden in late march , ultimately for saudi arabia , when the rebels and their military allies advanced on the city . the conflict prompted saudi arabia , a predominantly sunni nation and yemen 's neighbor to the north , to intervene with force along with other arab nations . the houthis are allied with iran , saudi arabia 's bitter rival across the persian gulf , and the saudis do not want an iranian proxy in power on their border . at his daily briefing on tuesday , saudi brig . gen. ahmed asiri told reporters that the ties between the rebels and iran were clear . he accused iran of training yemeni youths to use military aircraft and weapons . after the houthis seized sanaa , he said , `` there were 14 flights a week coming from iran carrying weapons and ammunition for the houthi militia . '' the u.s. role in backing the saudis has grown since the bombing campaign began two weeks ago . `` we have expedited weapons deliveries , we have increased our intelligence sharing , and we have established a joint coordination planning cell in the saudi operation center , '' deputy secretary of state anthony blinken said . in addition , the united states has promised to resupply the saudi weapons stocks used in the last two weeks . u.s. defense secretary ash carter `` emphasized the importance of limiting civilian casualties when conducting airstrikes '' when he spoke with saudi defense minister prince mohammed bin salman on monday , the pentagon said . what about sharing intelligence when it comes to identifying targets ? that 's a sensitive issue , given the rebels ' ties to iran and concerns about civilian casualties . guidance from u.s. central command stops short of allowing the united states to tell the saudis what targets to bomb , according to two u.s. defense officials who confirmed details of the guidance to cnn , but declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the matter . the guidance allows the united states to review targets the saudis have selected , the officials said , and advise them if there are civilian areas nearby or other `` no go '' spots such as mosques and hospitals . cnn 's samira said , joe sheffer and barbara starr contributed to this report .