( cnn ) you may know mindy kaling from fox 's cult hit comedy `` the mindy project , '' in which she plays mindy lahiri , a perky , quirky ob/gyn juggling her career and love life in new york . ( only in the big apple can a doctor not afford an apartment ! ) the show was a breakthrough for on-screen representation — the first network sitcom created by and starring a woman of color — and it looks likely to be renewed for the coming 2015-16 season . recently , however , kaling 's brother vijay chokalingam unveiled a project of his own , and while it has been getting a lot of attention , it has n't generated quite as many laughs — either from observers or from his famous sibling , who told him it brought `` shame upon their family . '' you see , chokalingam revealed that , as an undergraduate at the university of chicago , he engaged in a daring ( his view ) or ridiculous and offensive ( pretty much everyone else ) scam : he applied to medical school claiming to be african-american . chokalingam had spent his college years as a `` hard-partying frat boy , '' and achieved a less than stunning 3.1 gpa . upon facing graduation and exploring his med school options , he realized that fellow indian-americans with his grades were getting turned down from the universities of his choice — but that `` black , hispanic , and native american applicants with my grades and test scores were much more likely to gain acceptance . '' this revelation led him to make the decision to pose as a black man , both to `` dramatically improve '' his chances of admission , and to illustrate the unfair advantage that blacks and other underrepresented minorities receive when applying to prestigious schools . to accomplish this goal , chokalingam shaved his head of its naturally wavy black locks , trimmed his `` long indian-american eyelashes , '' checked `` black '' under the optional race/ethnicity declaration and submitted his application to 14 schools under his childhood nickname `` jojo . '' he received invitations for in-person interviews at 11 schools , results that he claims support the notion that african-americans garner special privileges that are unavailable to whites or asians . and now that the statute of limitations on his act of fraud has expired , he 's looking to write a book on his experiences , titled `` almost black : the true story of an indian american who got into medical school pretending to be an african american . '' what 's truly curious is that even if you agree with chokalingam that affirmative action is merely a form of `` systematic racism , '' when all is said and done , it offers very little evidence of the `` privilege '' that he claims is accorded to black , hispanic and native american candidates . chokalingam had mediocre grades and mcats , but he graduated from one of the most prestigious schools in the nation . yet even while representing himself as black , chokalingam received only a single admission offer , to st. louis university 's school of medicine , which falls somewhere between 57th and 67th in national rankings . harvard , university of pennsylvania , columbia and all the higher ranked schools he applied to rejected him . meanwhile , he admits , pretending to be black came with disadvantages . he found himself being accused of shoplifting by store clerks and harassed by cops — who would regularly stop him while driving and demand that he tell them how much his car cost , implying that he must have stolen it . these acts of very real prejudice , experienced regularly by blacks and hispanics of all backgrounds — multimillionaire comedian chris rock has recently been tweeting pictures of the occasions when he is pulled over by police for no reason — did n't seem to dissuade chokalingam from his adamant belief in the unfairness of a system that seeks to address the shockingly low numbers of minority health practitioners by providing some weight to race and ethnicity in decision-making . it 's not just a matter of what individual applicants `` deserve . '' one-third of americans are black , hispanic or native american ; just one in 10 physicians are . since minority medical practitioners are up to three times as likely to practice in their own communities , this lack of diversity has produced `` doctor deserts , '' in which urban and rural ethnic enclaves across the nation go without access to primary care physicians . years ago , when i told my father — a doctor from a long line of doctors — that i did n't want to follow in his footsteps , he told me that was fine , because medicine is a service trade , and anyone not interested in serving should avoid the profession . a medical degree is n't a reward to be earned , he said , but a responsibility to be accepted . which really cuts to the heart of what 's so sad about chokalingam 's racial farce . like others who 've recently been exposed for falsely claiming racial identities — including putative presidential candidate jeb bush , who registered himself as `` hispanic '' on a 2009 voter form , and massachusetts sen. elizabeth warren , who was excoriated during her campaign for having claimed native american ancestry in the past — chokalingam wanted to claim the fruits of racial affiliation without having to carry black people 's burden . race is n't just about color or blood ; it is about the collective experiences and inherited cultural context and present-day condition of a community of people . many of the markers of race are persistently corrosive ; others are deeply painful . affirmative action programs are a means of redress for these awful realities of our nation 's history ; an imperfect one , but necessary . there are some fields where the imbalances might never correct themselves on their own . industries like health care and hollywood . because what 's most ironic about chokalingam 's decision to ride on his sister 's coattails in telling his story : while asians are well represented in medicine , our numbers are vanishingly low in the entertainment and media world , and until the recent breakthrough of modern pioneers like mindy kaling , it was impossible to imagine film and television that included our faces , voices and stories . kaling 's immense talent and charisma made her a star . but it was a quota-based affirmative action initiative -- nbc 's diversity writers program -- that gave her a start .