los angeles ( cnn ) she 's one of the hottest and most successful latinas in hollywood , but now sofia vergara is playing defense in a legal battle initiated by her ex-fiance : he wants to keep the two frozen embryos from their relationship , both female . the 42-year-old actress and star of the hit tv sitcom `` modern family '' split from businessman nick loeb in may 2014 . loeb is suing the colombian-born actress in los angeles to prevent vergara from destroying their two embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization in november 2013 , according to published reports by new york daily news and in touch magazine . the lawsuit cited by the two publications , however , lists the plaintiff as `` joe doe '' and the defendant as `` jane doe . '' the suit does n't identify the names of the actual litigants . instead , the suit asks the court to advance the matter anonymously to protect the two individuals ' privacy . the two publications cited unidentified sources in their reports . on tuesday , loeb 's attorney abram moore confirmed in a statement that loeb filed the lawsuit . representatives for vergara declined to comment . court papers allege the couple created the embryos while they were engaged , and their plan was to eventually have children together . on `` modern family , '' vergara plays gloria delgado pritchett , an eccentric and voluptuous colombian immigrant who in recent episodes had a baby . but the sitcom make-believe is far from what vergara is dealing with now . the lawsuit states the embryos should not be destroyed under any circumstances by jane doe until both parties reach an agreement . the suit also names as a defendant the clinic where the embryos are being held , the art reproductive center in beverly hills . the center did n't respond to a message seeking comment friday . according to the legal paperwork , the ex-couple had already used two surrogate mothers , one being a close friend of jane doe 's , in an attempt to have children . however , neither of the implantations was successful . in his own statement , loeb said he wants to implant the embryos in a surrogate and bring them to term , but he does n't want any money from the egg donor . his statement does n't directly identify vergara as the donor , other than referring to his `` ex . '' `` i have previously offered to waive any parental or financial responsibilities or obligations on the part of my ex , and to even give her the opportunity to be involved with the child in the future , should she change her mind , '' loeb said . he believes that `` life begins at fertilization , '' he said . `` creating an embryo in the natural way can lead to parenthood obligations , even where a man does n't want to become a father . where a man does want to become a father , and wants to impose no obligations on the other party , he should have that corresponding right . however life comes to be created , it should have no determination on either the rights of wanting to be or the requirements of having to be a parent , '' loeb said . in an interview with abc in april 2013 , while the couple was still engaged , vergara spoke of how she helped create embryos and what motivated her to do it . `` we just wanted to plan ahead . my boyfriend nick is three years younger than me and he 's never had a son . i have my son , manolo , so it 's not that import ( ant ) ... you know , it 's not like an emergency for me to have another kid . for nick , yes , because he 's never had a baby , '' vergara said . during the interview she seemed excited about wanting children with loeb . `` i already froze some eggs so , you know , i wanted to take advantage of science . why not ? '' vergara said . the abc anchor asked vergara how far along she was in the process , to which the actress replied : `` i took them out already . they 're in a refrigerator . '' laughing , she added , `` hopefully they 'll be fresh by the time i use them . '' the case has led to questions about who has the right to embryos . typically , a prior legal agreement between a couple spells out who has ultimate authority , said fertility specialist dr. david tourgeman , who 's not involved in this case . `` usually when embryos are created , whether the couple is married or just consenting adults , there 's usually a power of attorney that is described to these embryos , if they are frozen for future use , '' he said . in most cases , the mother or the origin of the egg is given power of attorney , although anyone can make a request , tourgeman said . if there 's a disagreement , the courts usually get involved to decide who legally owns the embryos , he said . `` the documents that were signed during the fertility process will probably only apply in the case of death of one of the partners , '' he said . `` in the scenario where there 's a disagreement as to who these embryos belong to , it will usually be decided by a court of law . '' but experts say this lawsuit is bringing up a lot of interesting issues . `` religious , moral issues , to legal and contract issues . when does life begin ? are these embryos alive ? '' said california attorney vance owen . `` to catholics , for example , conception marks the beginning of life . to abortion advocates , the child has to be in a more advanced state , perhaps the third trimester , so it 's a very interesting time to be discussing these life issues , '' owen said . owen said loeb has a case because no court in california will allow the destruction of the embryos if both parties disagree . `` this case is a gray area of law because it 's new , '' owen said . `` it 's developing as we speak , '' he said . `` it 's a question , i think , of whether to decide if these frozen ( embryos ) are human beings or whether they are property . since they are unborn , some states in the united states look at these ( embryos ) not as life , but as property . '' owen said the lawsuit reportedly filed by loeb will now open new issues , and a california court will have to decide to whom the embryos belong . `` these embryos are not inside her body , '' he said . `` they are in a nitrogen tank in a clinic in beverly hills , so there the planned parenthood of central missouri vs. danforth case can not be used by the sofia vergara team to allege that the ( embryos ) would present some danger to her health as they did in that case . '' in that case , the u.s. supreme court declared a statute that requires parental and spousal consent for abortions to be unconstitutional . the lawsuit comes as vergara promotes her new movie , `` hot pursuit , '' with co-star reese witherspoon . vergara is now reportedly engaged to actor joe manganiello . cnn 's krecyte villarreal and stella chan contributed to this report .