( cnn ) two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal . and they are struggling in the aftermath . anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls . while her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on may 12 . the once-vibrant campus has gone from a place of safety and healing to one of uncertainty and worry . `` we are suffering with rain , strong wind . the fear is not gone from us . it is very , very hard , '' said koirala , the founder of the nonprofit maiti nepal and the 2010 cnn hero of the year . the public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera . koirala 's group is relying on bottled water and is now rationing food . still , she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster . `` these girls are most vulnerable , because now people will target them , '' koirala said . `` they could be victims of any forms of sexual abuse . maybe rape , maybe they will be trafficked , anything . ... if i get more support i will take as many as i can . '' about five miles away , the wall of koirala 's hiv/aids hospice has crumbled . home to 115 girls , many of whom are terminally ill , the facility is under guard . `` they 're not injured , but they are terrified , '' koirala said . `` everything is broken in the hospice . '' koirala 's group also has about a dozen other homes throughout the district , and all of them have been damaged . `` it 's really very sad for me and for my children , '' koirala said . `` this disaster , the noise and the way it shook , i can not get over it . i was not afraid that i was going to be killed . i was afraid about what is going to happen next . '' another cnn hero , pushpa basnet , and the 45 children she cares for were also forced to evacuate their residence . they are now living on the ground in a nearby field . `` physically , we are not hurt . but mentally , we are , '' said basnet , whose early childhood development center provides a home and education to children whose parents are incarcerated . basnet says the building 's walls are all cracked , and the staff is afraid it might fall down . she and the older children created a shelter using the frame of a greenhouse , taping plastic around the sides to protect themselves . `` it 's really cold in the middle of the night ; there are lots of fox in the field , '' basnet said . `` we are really scared . '' they also do n't have much water or food , basnet says . but she is trying to stay positive . `` i think for the time being , whatever we have , we should be happy , you know ? because at least we have our life , '' she said . `` ( my kids ) all are safe . that 's the most important thing for me . '' basnet 's `` butterfly home '' -- the permanent residence she was building for the children -- also suffered extensive damage in the quake . basnet had hoped to complete construction in the next six months , with the opening ceremony set for october . basnet purchased the land for the home with prize money she received as the 2012 hero of the year . `` when the earthquake hit that land , all my dreams were scattered , '' she said . `` i have to restart again . '' still , basnet is quick to point out that so many other survivors have nothing and are desperately in need of aid . to that end , several cnn heroes have been assisting in relief efforts in nepal . jake wood 's disaster relief organization , team rubicon , has a team of experienced veterans and first responders on the ground in kathmandu . the group deployed a medical and assessment team to aid the nepalese people in several remote villages outside of the city . six canine-firefighter search teams from the united states also assisted in rescue and recovery efforts . the teams were trained by wilma melville 's national disaster search dog foundation and were deployed as part of a larger rescue force that includes structural engineers , hazmat experts and doctors . tom henderson 's shelterbox , which provides emergency shelter and lifesaving supplies , has so far committed to help more than 15,000 families . dr. laura stachel 's group , we care solar , sent solar suitcases to health care workers , providing them with light and power as they aid survivors . arlene samen 's group , one heart world-wide , has set up tented birthing centers where pregnant women can safely deliver their babies , especially in hard-hit districts . robin lim , a disaster response midwife who founded bumi sehat , joined samen in kathmandu to help the mothers . doc hendley 's nonprofit , wine to water , partnered with appalachian state university in order to distribute 1,000 water filters where they are most needed in nepal . the group says one filter can provide water for up to 10 people and last for up to 10 years if maintained properly .