lagos , nigeria ( cnn ) a day after winning nigeria 's presidency , muhammadu buhari told cnn 's christiane amanpour that he plans to aggressively fight corruption that has long plagued nigeria and go after the root of the nation 's unrest . buhari said he 'll `` rapidly give attention '' to curbing violence in the northeast part of nigeria , where the terrorist group boko haram operates . by cooperating with neighboring nations chad , cameroon and niger , he said his administration is confident it will be able to thwart criminals and others contributing to nigeria 's instability . for the first time in nigeria 's history , the opposition defeated the ruling party in democratic elections . buhari defeated incumbent goodluck jonathan by about 2 million votes , according to nigeria 's independent national electoral commission . the win comes after a long history of military rule , coups and botched attempts at democracy in africa 's most populous nation . in an exclusive live interview from abuja , buhari told amanpour he was not concerned about reconciling the nation after a divisive campaign . he said now that he has been elected he will turn his focus to boko haram and `` plug holes '' in the `` corruption infrastructure '' in the country . `` a new day and a new nigeria are upon us , '' buhari said after his win tuesday . `` the victory is yours , and the glory is that of our nation . '' earlier , jonathan phoned buhari to concede defeat . the outgoing president also offered a written statement to his nation . `` i thank all nigerians once again for the great opportunity i was given to lead this country , and assure you that i will continue to do my best at the helm of national affairs until the end of my tenure , '' jonathan said . `` i promised the country free and fair elections . i have kept my word . '' buhari , 72 , will be sworn in on may 29 . he will take the helm at a critical time , as nigeria grapples with boko haram , serious economic woes and corruption . this is n't buhari 's first time leading nigeria , but it 's his first time in nearly 30 years . a military coup brought buhari to power in late 1983 , closing a brief period of popular rule by shehu shagari . but buhari himself was ousted by another military coup in august 1985 . read more : who is nigeria 's muhammadu buhari ? his presidential win is the result of his fourth attempt to lead the country since he was ousted 30 years ago . buhari is a sunni muslim from nigeria 's poorer north , while jonathan comes from a christian and animist south that is rich with oil . buhari praised voters for exercising their right peacefully . `` your vote affirms that you believe nigeria 's future can be better than what it is today , '' he said in his statement . `` you voted for change , and now change has come . '' buhari campaigned as a born-again democrat to allay fears about his strict military regime . he stressed that nigeria 's security needs to be the next government 's focus . his campaign was also fiercely anti-corruption . he ran under the slogan of `` new broom , '' and his supporters were often pictured holding brooms in the lead-up to the vote . despite years of democracy , analysts say , corruption has hindered nigeria from building a stable economy . one of buhari 's biggest challenges will be boko haram , which has been terrorizing nigeria as it tries to institute a strict version of sharia law in the country . in the past few years , the terror group has bombed churches and mosques , killed hundreds of people and kidnapped more than 200 teenage girls from a boarding school . even the presidential vote had to be postponed because of the radical militants . the election was originally scheduled for february 14 , but was delayed six weeks because the military needed more time to secure areas controlled by boko haram . yet the violence persisted . on saturday , residents in the northeastern state of gombe said at least 11 people were killed in attacks at polling stations , apparently by boko haram extremists . jonathan had been criticized for not doing enough to combat boko haram . before the election , african affairs analyst ayo johnson said the vote would come down to who could make nigeria feel safe . `` many nigerians will not forget ( buhari ) was a military leader during a dictatorship , '' johnson said . `` or maybe they will feel that they need a military leader to address fundamental problems such as terrorism . '' boko haram is n't the only obstacle facing the new president . the economy is another major issue . nigeria overtook south africa last year as the region 's largest economy . nigeria is one of africa 's largest oil producers and is a major supplier of crude oil to the united states . it also hosts many international oil companies and workers . but many complain that the country 's vast wealth from oil exports does n't trickle down to the average citizen . as many as 70 % of nigerians live below the poverty line , surviving on less than a dollar a day . christian purefoy reported from lagos ; holly yan reported and wrote from atlanta . cnn 's stephanie busari , faith karimi and susannah cullinane contributed to this report .