( cnn ) at first police in marana , arizona , thought the shoplifted gun mario valencia held as he walked through a busy office park was locked and unable to fire . the cable through the lever and trigger could n't be taken off , an officer was told by an employee of the walmart where valencia took the gun and some rounds of ammunition . but just 10 seconds after the worker told police that ... a shot . valencia had fired into the air , and less than a minute later a police car slammed into him in a move that ended a crime spree and sparked nationwide discussion on the officer 's unusual tactic . the 36-year-old valencia was hospitalized and within a few days transferred to jail where he faces 15 charges , including shoplifting the .30-30 rifle . that february morning , police have said , valencia committed several crimes in nearby tucson before stealing a car and driving to the walmart in marana . there he went to the sporting goods department , asked to see a rifle , then told an employee he wanted the ammunition . officer who drove into suspect justified , chief says . the woman told police she gave valencia the rounds because he told her he would break the case with the bullets inside . he also told her not to do anything stupid . in spite of that she also said she did n't feel threatened , leading police to charge him with shoplifting and not armed robbery . walmart told cnn 's miguel marquez that the store clerk acted appropriately , even using a code to alert security to call police . valencia took the gun and ammo and fled into a nearby business park where he encountered an officer in a slow-moving patrol car . at one point he pointed the weapon at an officer and at another he pointed it at his head . the officer told him several times to put down the gun , police have said . the officers that were tailing him assumed that he likely could n't shoot anyone because of the store 's lock . marana police on thursday said the cable gun lock was still on the rifle when it was recovered . but the wire that goes through the trigger and the lever to reload the gun were loose enough to allow it to still be used , police said . it also should have been wrapped through the lever twice , not once , police said . a walmart spokesman told cnn that the rifle had been properly locked and might have been affected by the hard blow caused by the police car . valencia , who is in pima county jail , will appear in court again on may 18 .