( cnn ) as art , film stills are often overlooked . the photographers tend to be anonymous ; it 's easy to imagine their work done by the director or cinematographer . their images are often lumped in with the promotional machinery : whether documenting the stars frolicking on set or getting down to business , it 's just another form of salesmanship . which is why the work of ernst haas is so striking . haas , one of the 20th century 's great photojournalists and image-makers -- an early member of the great magnum photos cooperative who was famous enough in his prime to have been the subject of a museum of modern art exhibit in 1962 -- was also a regular on movie sets . it was a necessity in those early days , said john jacob , the editor of a new book of haas ' movie photography , `` ernst haas : on set . '' `` working on film sets was really important to magnum , and all of the photographers working with magnum in the '50s did films , '' says jacob , now the mcevoy family curator for photography at the smithsonian american art museum . not only did the work pay off financially , but the photographers also established relationships with members of the industry , he said . and the stars and directors knew what they were getting : some of the best in the field . photographers such as haas were entrusted to bring their talent and style to the work . the photographers `` are definitely producing work for posterity , that very much has their own fingerprint on it , '' jacob said . such distinction is obvious from looking at haas ' work -- some of which is as famous as the movies he worked on . there 's a striking picture of orson welles in 1949 's `` the third man , '' hemmed in by the darkness in a way that suggests the shadowy themes of the classic film . another , of gregory peck and chuck connors in 1958 's `` the big country , '' is as dramatic as any full-scale movie duel . ( westerns were a specialty . ) but haas also has a way of documenting the artificiality of film work , whether it 's capturing the sprawling , workaday set of 1965 's `` the greatest story ever told '' or snapping a relaxed picture of barbara streisand as dolly levi in 1969 's `` hello , dolly ! '' social media . follow @ cnnphotos on twitter to join the conversation about photography . the former is particularly interesting : an image of actors splayed on crosses for the crucifixion scene , surrounded by ladders , a camera crane , a painted scrim and several casually dressed crew members . jacob observes that in each of haas ' images there 's an eye for the unusual . the black-and-white work from `` the greatest story ever told , '' for example , is almost prayerful , while the color images call attention to the artificiality of film . and some of haas ' other color images , especially his work for 1961 's `` west side story , '' fit in neatly with others in his catalog , as haas was known for an impressionistic blur of hues that jacob calls `` the haas effect . '' haas died in 1986 , and despite being celebrated during his life , his name is somewhat forgotten these days . jacob hopes that `` ernst haas : on set '' reminds people just what a master he was . `` a lot of these are familiar images , but you do n't necessarily associate them with haas , '' he said . `` on the other hand , people who know haas well do n't actually know this work , because it was work for hire and was n't ever put together in this way before . '' ernst haas was an austrian photographer who passed away in 1986 . he was a member of magnum photos .