( billboard ) considering the academy of country music awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on sunday night at the dallas cowboys stadium , it was bound to be bigger than any previous year 's acms . plus , as hosts blake shelton and luke bryan were quick to point out , everything is bigger in texas . billboard : 2015 acm awards : see all the photos . but bigger is n't always better . here 's our breakdown of the 10 best and 5 worst moments at the 2015 acms . the best . eric church & keith urban provide an opening wallop . with a full stadium and millions of home viewers watching , two of country 's leading men successfully lit the fuse for the 50th annual acm awards with a slick joint kickoff performance . eric church 's `` pledge allegiance to the hag '' was a fine throwback , but keith urban 's powerhouse `` raise 'em up '' lived up to its title -- and then some . setting a guinness world record . not only was this the acms biggest audience ever , but the 2015 acm awards brought in the biggest audience for a live tv awards show ever . now that 's how you celebrate half a century . reba mcentire demonstrates how it 's done . during a night that found a couple performers sounding a little weak in the vocal department , reba mcentire showed the entire cowboys stadium -- and many younger singers who do n't have half her energy -- how it 's done . reba is eternal . taylor swift singing in the audience . whether it was during eric church or martina mcbride , t-swift was heating up the audience by singing and swaying along to country staples . taylor might have gone pop for `` 1989 , '' but she was deep in the heart of texas for this annual country extravaganza . billboard : 2015 acm awards : and the winners are ... garth brooks ' all-american salute . during brooks ' performance of `` all-american kid , '' the country giant welcomed a slew of u.s. military representatives into at & t stadium , in an emotional moment that put the red , white and blue front and center . brooks ended the performance by saluting the u.s. armed forces `` who are here and are all around the world for protecting our freedom , '' and also shouted out his home state of oklahoma , who are grieving 20 years after the oklahoma city bombing on sunday . a truly classy moment from one of the best ever . taylor swift 's mom makes an appearance . sure , andrea swift 's presentation of a special award for her daughter came with a fun origin tale about the creation of `` love story '' and some lovely words about the 25-year-old superstar . but the sight of the elder swift -- just days after taylor confirmed that her mother had been diagnosed with cancer -- walking to the podium was more than enough to yield one of the night 's most poignant moments . christina aguilera joins rascal flatts . aguilera is far from country , but with a voice as malleable as hers , she can pass for a song or two . after singing a bit of the tune she did while guesting on nashville , xtina joined longtime hitmakers rascal flatts for `` riot '' from their recent album `` rewind . '' aguilera and gary levox trading vocals was the rare unexpected artist pairing that actually worked . miranda lambert domination . in addition to kicking ass during her `` mama 's broken heart '' / '' little red wagon '' medley , lambert justly owned the night when it came to awards . if there 's one thing the country community loves more than miranda lambert , it 's giving miranda lambert awards . billboard : watch little big town bring provocative ' girl crush ' to acms . little big town do n't back down . despite some mild controversy over their song `` girl crush , '' little big town brought the poignant ballad to the awards show , giving the acms one of its more melancholy moments . jason aldean comes on strong . for a night featuring some shaky vocals , aldean brought his silky yet powerful country croon to the acms during a massive medley . it 's hard to see an audience get weak in the knees when you 're watching at home , but it 's fair to assume that 's what happened during his performance . the worst . tony romo . the dallas cowboys qb was understandably a little stiff on the mic ( athletes usually are n't the most charismatic public speakers ) but the whole gag with shelton asking romo to toss bryan a pass went on waaaaay too long . on the plus side , bryan caught the pass . on the other hand , there was a tired play on words about balls . the length . three hours for the 50th acms ? sure , why not . three and a half hours ? that 's pushing it . they could have shaved off the last half hour by cutting a couple of the performers who only sang half a song , and shortened a few of the massive commercial breaks . all of the milestone awards . taylor swift was given an extended honor at this year 's acm awards , but some of the milestone awards -- especially those given to reba mcentire , kenny chesney and george strait -- seemed rushed for the country giants they were saluting . it 's understandable since 2015 is the 50th anniversary of the acms , but sometimes , less ( recipients ) is more . steven tyler 's facial hair . see link . twitter calling out taylor swift . plenty of country fans went after t-swizzle on twitter , berating her for attending the acms after `` abandoning '' country music for pop . the truth is , swift has just as many country classics under her belt as any other artist in her age range . she might have moved to pop , but do n't underplay her importance to the genre that birthed her . ©2015 billboard . all rights reserved .