washington ( cnn ) in a broad bipartisan vote , the senate on tuesday gave final approval to a medicare reform bill that includes a permanent solution to the `` doc fix , '' a method the government has used to ensure payments to medicare providers will keep up with inflation . the bill , which passed 92 to 8 , also includes a two-year extension of a popular children 's health insurance program . the issue of payments to medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years . senate finance committee chairman orrin hatch of utah called passage of the bill a `` major , major accomplishment . '' `` tonight , the senate is voting to retire the outdated , inefficiency-rewarding , common sense-defying medicare reimbursement system , '' said sen. ron wyden of oregon , the top democrat on the finance committee just before the final vote . the house approved the same bill overwhelmingly more than two weeks ago and president barack obama is expected to sign it . senate passage came just hours before cuts to physicians would have taken place since the last temporary `` doc fix '' had already expired . some conservative senators , including republican presidential candidate ted cruz of texas , balked at the more than $ 200 billion price of the bill and pushed an amendment to have the costs offset . the bill , `` institutionalizes and expands obamacare policies that harm patients and their doctors while adding roughly half a trillion dollars to our long-term debt within two decades , '' cruz said in a statement . `` any deal should be fully paid for and include significant and structural reforms to medicare . '' but that amendment was defeated , as were several others from each party that came up for votes . earlier , house speaker john boehner of ohio warned the senate not to change the bill . `` unless the senate passes the house-passed ' doc fix , ' significant cuts to physicians ' payments will begin tomorrow , '' boehner said . `` we urge the senate to approve the house-passed bill without delay . '' cruz voted against the bill , as did sen. marco rubio of florida , another republican running for president . gop presidential contender sen. rand paul of kentucky voted for the bill .