( cnn ) the world learned his name after he was killed by a south carolina police officer . but in his life , 50-year-old walter scott was also the father of four children and served in the coast guard before being honorably discharged . `` he was outgoing -- loved everybody , ( was ) very known in the community and got along with everybody , '' his brother anthony scott told cnn 's don lemon . `` all the family loves him , and his kids loved him . '' until it all came crashing down saturday morning , when north charleston police officer michael slager pulled scott over , reportedly for a faulty brake light . dash cam video released thursday shows the two talking , then shows scott get out of his car and run . why did he run ? justin bamberg , a lawyer for scott 's family , speculated thursday it could have been related to `` child support and a fear of maybe going back to ( jail ) . '' at the time of his death , scott owed over $ 18,000 in back payments for two children and had n't made a payment since july 2012 , according to charleston county family court documents . another family lawyer , chris stewart , acknowledged that scott had been arrested previously for outstanding warrants for not paying child support , but stewart said that had been scott 's lone issue with the law for the past 20 years . `` i know that it had nothing to do with anything violent , '' bamberg said of scott 's legal history . `` he was not a dangerous person . '' according to a police report , scott did not comply with an officer 's demands and tried to grab slager 's stun gun . slager fired eight shots , five of which struck scott . he was pronounced dead at the scene . regardless of why walter scott ran , `` running from an officer does n't result in the death penalty , '' stewart said . slager has been charged with murder , a charge that might not have come about if not for a bystander 's video of the shooting . anthony scott said he watched the video that showed his brother getting shot dead , footage that has traumatized the family . `` when i saw that video for the first time , my family was deeply hurt that someone would gun down a human being in that way , '' the brother said . `` we just could n't believe it . '' the last time the family got together with walter scott was when the siblings threw a surprise wedding anniversary party for their parents . `` it was a great celebration , '' anthony scott said . `` my dad and brothers planned it , and ( my mother ) was totally surprised . `` now this happens , '' scott said , referring to his brother 's shooting . `` it 's so tragic . '' cnn 's greg botelho contributed to this report .