( cnn ) would you build a house with water ? hungarian architect matyas gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature . and while that does n't mean that he can do away with traditional materials like bricks , cement , and plaster , his system promotes a whole new idea of engineering . gutai built a prototype house in his hometown of kecskemet , south of budapest , with his high school friend milan berenyi , after years of research and development . the house was built with a grant from the eu , and showcases the `` liquid engineering '' concepts gutai has written about extensively . panels , some of steel , and some of glass , make up the structure of the house and a sheet of water is trapped between the inner layers , which equalizes the temperature across the building . the house is actually able to reheat itself , when its hot excess heat is stored either in the foundations of the building or in external storage , to be brought back to the walls when the temperature drops . the indoor temperature can also be modified using a monitoring system similar to central heating . this is a very efficient and sustainable system : the house can produce its own energy and be more independent of energy suppliers , which could reduce carbon emissions . `` our panel can heat and cool the building itself -- the water inside the panel does the very same job as heating , '' says gutai . `` it saves energy , when you compare it to a similar building with large glass surfaces -- it 's a very clean and sustainable solution . '' while studying sustainable architecture at the university of tokyo , in 2003 , gutai got the idea for his water house from a visit to the open air hot baths . despite the snowfall outside the pool , gutai remained comfortably warm inside it -- it was then he realized the importance of water 's surface temperature and its potential use in architecture . `` as an architect i think it 's really important that this building tries to redefine permanence , which has been a key concept in architecture for thousands of years . our approach to permanence has n't changed much at all , but now instead of making something very strong that tries to resist everything , we are making something that adapts to its environment . `` architecture is really changing in our time . we 've reached our limits when it comes to solid architecture , now it 's reasonable to look for a new system . '' `` this research dates back seven or eight years , '' explains gutai . `` i started it at the university of tokyo and it took us almost six years to get the building done . there are plenty of structural problems involved -- a lot of important questions were raised such as what happens if it 's so cold outside that the water freezes or what happens when one panel breaks . '' `` we now mix the water with natural solvents , that do not cause pollution but lower the freezing temperature to an acceptable level . this practically means , that even if the reheating technology fails , the water can not freeze . '' `` in case of cold climates , like in hungary , we also add some external insulation to the structure , to protect it from freezing . '' and if a panel were to break ? `` we designed special joint units . the joint elements allow slow flow , but block faster flows , '' he explains . this means that if one panel breaks , it will be sealed from the remaining ones instantly . this effect is based on fluid dynamics , and not computers or monitoring system -- which minimizes the chance of failure . gutai has worked in cooperation with universities and manufacturers to make sure the building is viable , and while the prototype house is only a small space ( eight square meters in total ) it demonstrates the power of this new technology . `` our goal should be to use less energy and materials , and take cities off-grid as much as possible . the water house is one way to do that , '' said gutai , who currently works as a researcher at feng chia university in taiwan . constructing houses in this way is moderately more expensive than traditional designs , but this prototype aims to slash our energy needs and gutai is working with factories and companies across europe on projects using this technology . to make water the building material of a greener future .