( cnn ) fans of the late actor paul walker knew that watching him in `` furious 7 '' would be bittersweet . even so , many moviegoers said the final scenes of the new film , which earned a record $ 146 million over the weekend , still packed an emotional wallop . `` not gon na lie , i shed a few tears at the end of furious 7 . the tribute to paul walker was very well done , '' one woman said monday on twitter . hers was just one of a flood of messages on social media from people who said they got choked up during scenes featuring walker , who died at 40 in a car crash in november 2013 , before filming on `` furious 7 '' was completed . to finish walker 's scenes , the makers of the movie used body doubles , computer-generated images and even the actor 's brothers . but it was the ending that really got to moviegoers . in finishing `` furious 7 , '' the film 's producers sought to retire walker 's character , brian , while paying homage to his role in the blockbuster `` furious '' action franchise . but they felt that killing him off might appear exploitative . `` if they had gone down the other path , i think i would have refused to finish making this movie , '' director james wan told buzzfeed . instead , the movie 's makers chose to `` retire paul 's character in the most sincere and elegant way ( they ) could , '' wan said . their idea was to have brian retire from his dangerous , high-octane lifestyle out of a sense of responsibility to his growing family with girlfriend mia , who is pregnant with their second child . a scene late in the movie shows him and mia playing on a beach with their son while the crew looks on -- essentially saying goodbye . then his longtime buddy dom reminisces about their years together , leading to a montage of walker scenes from the first six movies . the song that plays over the montage is `` see you again , '' a collaboration between wiz khalifa and charlie puth . co-star vin diesel shared the video for the song late sunday on his facebook page , where it has more than 1.5 million likes . fans on twitter and facebook mostly praised the movie 's ending as a fitting tribute -- and an emotionally wrenching one . `` man i do n't care how tough u are or how gangsta u claim to be . ... the last five minutes had me choked up in the movie theater ... i saw it 3 times in one day ... ... the ending is the deepest ending i 've ever seen , '' one man wrote on the movie 's facebook page .