( cnn ) spacex on tuesday launched a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station . that was the easy part . in a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time , the private space exploration company was unsuccessful . spacex founder elon musk tweeted : `` ascent successful . dragon enroute to space station . rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival . '' he later clarified that the rocket landed , but tipped over . spacex tried to land a falcon 9 on the drone ship in january , but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded . spacex has said it will keep trying and , after it masters landing at sea , hopes to someday land rockets on the ground . usually booster rockets burn up in earth 's atmosphere or , like nasa 's space shuttle boosters , they fall back into the ocean . so why try to land one ? musk wants to cut costs . on his company 's website , he says that if anyone can figure out how to `` reuse rockets just like airplanes , the cost of access to space will be reduced by as much as a factor of a hundred . '' what about the rest of the rocket and the dragon ? the smaller , top part of the rocket will carry the dragon into orbit and then break away from the cargo ship and burn up in earth 's atmosphere . the dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4,300 pounds ( 1,950 kilograms ) of supplies , including research equipment and isspresso , an espresso maker that astronauts can use to make coffee and tea . the space station crew will spend about five weeks unpacking the dragon . they 'll then stuff it with over 3,000 pounds of science experiments , trash and other stuff to send back to earth . when they 're done , dragon will leave the space station and mission controllers will guide it to splashdown in the pacific ocean off california . this is the sixth spacex mission to the international space station . the company was the first private space contractor to dock with the station . tuesday 's launch was the second attempt for this mission . monday 's planned launch was scrubbed due to weather . cnn 's catherine e. shoichet contributed to this report .