tokyo ( cnn ) on the 29th floor of roppongi hills , an upscale tokyo high-rise full of offices , restaurants and residences , two actors in kimonos sit on a tatami mat and glare at each other as artificial smoke billows around them . it 's been a long day of filming `` the crawler in the dark , '' a new sci-fi horror movie set in japan 's meiji era . this movie wo n't be released in theaters ; it 's going directly to youtube . the file sharing website is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video `` me at the zoo , '' was uploaded on april 23 , 2005 by one of the site 's founders . a decade later , the site gets billions of views every day . and the most popular youtube channels draw larger audiences than many tv networks . in 2015 , youtube is striving to improve the quality of its content by investing in `` youtube spaces , '' like the one in tokyo , where `` creators '' like tokyo independent filmmaker jr lipartito have access to professional studios , training , and many resources once out of reach for low budget productions . `` having a set , especially a period set like this , is almost inaccessible for an independent filmmaker , '' lipartito says . `` it really breaks down the barriers . '' david macdonald , who moved to japan as an english teacher two decades ago , is now the head of youtube spaces for asia pacific . `` youtube is not only cats and dogs on skateboards any more . it 's a place for great content . great high quality content , '' macdonald says . the tokyo space is one of five worldwide available for free to youtube partners , who create content and share ad revenue with the website . `` helping creators find better audiences , more audiences , and just improve their craft , '' macdonald says . anyone can create a youtube channel . the most popular , 25-year-old swedish gamer pewdiepie , has more than 36 million subscribers . many of his videos have a viewership that exceeds popular television programs . youtube has 300 hours of video uploads per minute . the website wants more of those videos to be polished productions . japanese film and tv company toei is partnering with youtube to encourage more japanese samurai dramas -- called jidaigeki . the goal is to attract new subscribers in one of youtube 's biggest markets . `` they 're building sets . we have high quality cameras , high quality sets , high quality actors , '' says bob werley , one of the actors in `` the crawler in the dark . '' werley and fellow actor masa hitokawahata hope their higher quality work will appeal to more of youtube 's one billion users . `` it 's going to raise the bar , '' werley says . `` we 've seen a lot more people wanting to use [ the studio ] , becoming aware of it , getting excited about it . '' if a video goes viral , the financial rewards can be significant . thousands of the most popular youtube creators earn six-figure incomes through ad revenue and sponsorships . a handful earn in the millions of dollars .