( cnn ) most kids want to go out and play when they finish their homework early . but zuriel oduwole is n't `` most kids . '' when she gets ahead of her work , she packs her camera and microphones , jumps on a plane and interviews presidents instead . born in california to a nigerian father and a mauritian mother , oduwole is often described as `` the world 's youngest filmmaker . '' aged 12 , she already has four documentaries under her belt -- all of which focus on african issues . it all started three years ago when oduwole decided to enter a school documentary-making competition with a film about the ghana revolution . jerry john rawlings ( ghana ) . john kufour ( ghana ) . joyce banda ( malawi ) . jakaya kikwete ( tanzania ) . rajkeswur purryag ( mauritius ) . uhuru kenyatta ( kenya ) . goodluck johnathan ( nigeria ) . salva kirr mayardit ( south sudan ) . ellen johnson sirleaf ( liberia ) . jorge fonseco ( cape verde ) . portia simpson miller ( jamaica ) . thomas thabane ( lesotho ) . ralph gonsalves ( st vincent & grenadines ) . denzil douglas ( st kitts & nevis ) . after this first foray into filmmaking , oduwole was bitten by the director 's bug and quickly wanted to make more movies . she turned to the web to find the tools she needed and got involved in the entire filmmaking process . `` as i edit , produce , set up and write the scripts for my documentaries , i have to learn a lot of things , '' says oduwole , who is self-taught and uses online editing and voice software . her second outing , `` educating and healing africa out of poverty , '' looked at the creation of the african union in 1963 . she followed it up in 2014 with her movie `` technology in educational development . '' but it was her most recent project that catapulted her to international recognition . released late last year , `` a promising africa '' ( watch trailer below ) is the first in an ongoing series which will profile five african nations , starting with her father 's homeland of nigeria . `` i 've interviewed 14 heads of state and a few of those include the president of tanzania , liberia , kenya , south sudan , nigeria and cape verde , to name a few , '' says oduwole . `` i 've also been able to interview business leaders like my friend mr aliko dangote . '' to date , `` a promising africa '' has received a limited-release on the big screen in five countries -- nigeria , ghana , south africa , uk and japan . the young trailblazer , who was named by business insider as one of world 's 100 most powerful individuals last year , delightedly recalls seeing her film on the big screen and walking the red carpet in lagos . `` i 'm hoping that when people see these documentaries they will see africa is full of positive things -- not just the things that are on the news like war , famine , disease , '' she says . `` i want to show them there is a lot more to africa than what we see on the news -- there 's dancing , music , great culture and more . '' although she 's just 12 , oduwole , who is home-schooled through an online californian system , is already a 9th grader -- two years ahead of the rest of the kids her age . her mother , patricia , has a full-time job as a computer engineer , whilst her father , ademola , has taken time off his work in the tourism sector to help organize a lot of what zuriel and her three other siblings are doing . `` there really is a lot happening in our household but somehow we make it work , '' says patricia oduwole . in addition to her documentary work , oduwole has also become something of an education advocate . she travels to different african countries and the diaspora on a regular basis to talk to students about the importance of education . so far , through her side project `` dream up , speak up , stand up '' she says she 's had the opportunity to talk to 21,000 children in nine countries . `` girl 's education is important because on the african continent , where there are not as many resources , the boys are the first [ to get an education ] , '' says oduwole . `` the boys go to school and get an education while the girls stay at home . and those girls are n't educated and have fewer options in life when they get older . '' more from african voices .