miami ( cnn ) world heavyweight boxing champion wladimir klitschko has an important title defense coming up , but his thoughts continue to be dominated by the ongoing fight for democracy in ukraine . speaking to cnn from his miami training base ahead of the april 25 showdown with american challenger bryant jennings in new york , klitschko said the crisis in his homeland has left him shocked and upset . `` my country is unfortunately suffering in the war with russia -- not that ukraine tried to give any aggression to any other nation , in this particular case russia , unfortunately it 's the other way around , '' klitschko told cnn . `` i never thought that our brother folk is going to have war with us , so that ukrainians and russians are going to be divided with blood , '' he added . `` unfortunately , we do n't know how far it 's going to go and how worse it 's going to get . the aggression , in the military presence of ( russian ) soldiers and military equipment in my country , ukraine , is upsetting . '' klitschko is the reigning ibf , wba , wbo and ibo champion and has , alongside older brother vitali , dominated the heavyweight division in the 21st century . vitali , who retired from boxing in 2013 , is a prominent figure in ukrainian politics . the 43-year-old has led the ukrainian democratic alliance for reform since 2010 and was elected mayor of kiev in may last year . tensions in the former soviet state remain high despite a ceasefire agreed in february as europe , led by german chancellor angela merkel and president of france francois hollande , tries to broker a peace deal between the two sides . the crisis in ukraine began in november 2013 when former president victor yanukovych scuttled a trade deal with the european union in favor of forging closer economic ties with russia . the move triggered a wave of anti-government protests which came to a head kiev 's maidan square in february 2014 when clashes between protesters and government security forces left around 100 dead . the following month , russian troops entered ukraine 's crimean peninsula before russian president vladimir putin completed the annexation of crimea -- a move denounced by most of the world as illegitimate -- after citizens of the region had voted in favor of leaving ukraine in a referendum . more than 5,000 people have been killed in the conflict to date . `` people are dying in ukraine every single day , '' klitschko said . `` i do not want to see it , nobody wants to see it ... it 's hard to believe these days something like that in europe -- and ukraine is europe -- can happen . '' but with the backing of the international community , klitschko is confident ukraine can forge a democratic future rather than slide back towards a soviet-era style dictatorship . `` i really wish and want this conflict to be solved and it can only be solved with western help , '' he said . `` ukraine is looking forward to becoming a democratic country and live under western democracy . this is our decision and this is our will to get what we want . `` if somebody wants to try to put ( us ) back to the soviet times and be part of the former soviet union , we disagree with that . we want to be in freedom . `` we have achieved many things in moving forward and showed to the world that we do not want to live under a dictatorship . '' klitschko , whose comments were made as part of a wide-ranging interview for cnn 's human to hero series , is routinely kept abreast of developments in ukraine by brother vitali but also returns home whenever he can . `` as much time as i can spend , i am there in the ukraine . it 's not like i am getting the news from mass media and making my own adjustments and judgments on what 's going on . it 's an actual presence and understanding from the inside ... it obviously affects my life , it affects the life of my family . '' the 39-year-old and his fiancée hayden panettiere celebrated happier times last december when the american actress gave birth to a baby daughter , kaya . `` i need to get used to it that i 'm a father , which is really exciting . i hope i 'm going to have a big family with multiple kids , '' he said . klitschko is n't sure when he 'll finally hang up his gloves . `` i do n't know how long i can last ... motivation and health have to be there to continue . '' but after leaving almost all his boxing opponents battered and bruised -- the ukrainian is seeking an impressive 18th consecutive title defense against jennings -- klitschko is keen to carry on fighting his own and his country 's corner in the opposite way outside the ring . `` i just really want that we 'll have less violence in the world ... i hope in peace we can do anything , but if we have war then it 's definitely going to leave us dull and numb . '' watch wladimir klitschko 's human to hero interview on cnn 's world sport program on wednesday april 8 at 1130 , 1245 , 1445 , 2130 , 2245 and 2345 and thursday april 9 at 0445 ( all times gmt ) and here online .