terrifying dashcam footage has emerged of cars enveloped by a raging wildfire on a road in eastern siberia - with one vehicle driving past with its roof blazing . the clip resembles scenes from a hollywood disaster movie , with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno . at the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero , then intense blue flames from burning trees emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash . terrifying dashcam footage has emerged of cars enveloped by a raging wildfire on a road in eastern siberia - with one vehicle driving past with its roof blazing . the clip begins with visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam at zero . after a few seconds intense blue flames emerge through the smoke and dust . a jeep with its roof on fire suddenly races past after a few seconds . moments later a jeep races past on the right with the back of its roof on fire , the situation far too hazardous for the driver to stop and put them out . the dashcam car drives onwards through smoke and burning debris , flaming branches bouncing off the windscreen . the clip ends with visibility back down to almost nothing . wildfires in siberia have been raging since march 19 , with the death toll this week climbing to 30 , and leaving 500 injured , according to russia today . the initial cost of the damage caused by the wildfires has been put at around $ 96million ( £64million ) . at one point the way ahead is illuminated like a flaming runway . wildfires in siberia have been raging since march 19 , with the death toll this week climbing to 30 and leaving 500 injured . the dashcam car drives onwards through smoke and burning debris , flaming branches bouncing off the windscreen . cars are filmed turning around in the road and driving back the way they came in a desperate bid to escape the inferno . the intensity of the roadside fire is truly terrifying , the traffic just yards away from the flames . a local healthcare ministry official said more than 900 people had asked for medical help and about 100 had been taken to hospital , tass news agency reported , as fires raged across grasslands in dry and windy weather over several days . a primary school , other public infrastructure and private homes have been damaged or destroyed and some cattle have been killed , zimin said . wildfires in russia often start when locals set grass on fire on rolling fields to clean them up after the winter , a widespread practice criticised by environmentalists as well as state officials . wildfires in the hot summer of 2010 caused dozens of deaths in russia . some scientists and environmentalists suggest the number of indirect deaths caused by the heat wave and wildfires of five years ago may have been much higher . 