rangers boss stuart mccall insists it will not be a major disaster if his side are forced to play two extra games to reclaim their premiership return . the gers currently lead the way in the race for second spot in the championship , with a one-point advantage over hibernian and a six-point cushion separating them from queen of the south . finishing immediately behind newly-crowned champions hearts would spare the ibrox men the bother of two extra hazardous games in the play-offs , with the teams finishing third and fourth facing off over two legs before taking on the second tier 's runners-up . the winner of that tie then meets the premiership 's second-bottom side in a crucial winner-takes-all battle . stuart mccall is relaxed about the prospect of rangers finishing third in the scottish championship . but having stumbled to a 3-0 defeat against queens and a 1-1 draw with basement side livingston either side of sunday 's four-goal romp over raith , there is no guarantee the light blues will see off saturday 's trip to dumbarton without another slip-up . mccall , though , is ready to take whatever outcome is thrown his way . he said : ' at this moment second place is in our own hands . if you 'd given me that a few weeks ago when i first came in , i 'd have snapped your hands off for it . ' there were one or two people who thought we would n't even reach the play-offs . mccall faces the media on friday ahead of saturday 's trip to dumbarton as rangers look to hold on to second . ' we 've done that first part . obviously we want to get second but hibs and queens want the same . ' you do n't want to have to play the extra games but if you have to , you will . if you have to get through to the top league by playing six games then so be it . ' of course it 's important to us to finish second . but if we finish third or fourth that does not mean we wo n't get promotion . it 's not the end of the world . ' mccall was also happy to see a peaceful resolution reached after the row raised by the scottish professional football league 's messy meddling with the championship fixture list . rangers ' final-day tie with hearts at tynecastle was pushed back 24 hours to sunday , may 3 , to accommodate sky sports . mccall joins in training on friday as the rangers boss prepares his side for saturday 's clash . but that left hibs raging as having played their last game at falkirk on the saturday , they claimed mccall 's team would be advantaged by the fact they would know the result required in gorgie to claim second . compromise was reached when sky gave the league permission to switch the hearts-rangers tie back to its original may 2 slot . ' everyone playing at the same time is fine and the right thing to do , ' said mccall . but there could yet be more tinkering with the schedule to come . hibs and falkirk - who have yet to be counted out of the play-off chase - will battle for a place in the william hill scottish cup final on saturday , leaving the possibility that the second leg of the play-off final may have to be pushed back into june . rangers dropped two points at championship bottom side livingston in their bid for promotion . the spfl is expected to announce early next week if a change of date is required but rangers are bracing themselves for an administrative nightmare , with 12 first-team members due to become free agents on june 1 . mccall confirmed the club 's five loanees from newcastle are registered until june 9 , and will be free to play whatever happens . but he admitted the club may have to hand short-term deals to their players to see them through to the re-arranged date . ' we wo n't think about it until it becomes a problem , ' he said . ' but it will certainly need to be something that is looked at if that does become the case , as we have almost a dozen players whose contract will be up at the end of may . '