sue sim came to national prominence five years ago when she led the northumbria police manhunt for killer raoul moat . a chief constable facing a bullying probe for her alleged alex ferguson-style ' hair dryer treatment ' of colleagues is to retire with full pension after 30 years of service . sue sim , who came to national prominence five years ago as northumbria police dealt with the raoul moat manhunt , said she was ' sad ' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family . it was announced last month that ms sim was to be investigated by her police and crime commissioner 's office for alleged misconduct . although she was not suspended after the accusations were made against her , it was reported those below her were walking on ' eggshells ' such was the manner in which she delivered her assessments . her style has been compared to her predecessor sir john stevens , who delivered what have been described as legendary 'b********** ' to the officers under his command . a northumbria police spokesman today confirmed she will retire with full pension despite being the subject of an investigation . ms sim said : ' after careful consideration i have decided to retire when i reach my 30 years service on june 3 . ' my family have made many sacrifices to enable me to have such a fantastic career and it is now time to spend more time with them . ' i am obviously sad to leave but it is the right time and i am confident i have left a legacy of high performance that will continue . ' i have been extremely fortunate to have had a marvellous career and i am as committed to serving the public as i was when i first joined merseyside police in 1985 . ' chief constable sim came to public prominence during the hunt for crazed killer raoul moat in 2010 when she held her position in a temporary capacity . she described the search for moat following the murder of christopher brown and shooting of one of her own officers , pc david rathband , as ' one of the most challenging times ' of her career . during this time she fronted public appeals to locate the killer and became the face of the police response , during which officers were warned they were targets . she said : ' that was one of the most challenging times of my career and the largest manhunt the country has seen for 44 years . ' i am immensely proud of my officers and staff who went about their roles fully aware of the threats against them , but determined to support the public . ' vera baird , police and crime commissioner for northumbria , said she would miss working with ms sim . ms baird said : ' chief constable sue sim gave me formal notice of her decision to retire on wednesday april 8 and she will leave the force on june 3 when she has completed 30 years of public service in policing . ' sue has brought passion and enthusiasm to her role with northumbria police , always remaining focused on cutting crime and ensuring victims of crime are at the heart of everything northumbria police does . ' she and i have worked well together over the two-and-a-half years since i became police and crime commissioner . pc david rathband ( left ) was left blinded after being attacked by raoul moat ( right ) in july 2010 . chief constable sue sim , who became the police face of the moat manhunt , has now announced her retirement . ' she responded to the challenge of this new governance structure very positively and my experience of her is that she always , without exception , delivers what she has promised . ' ms baird said ms sim had played a ' key role ' in the success of the force . ' i will miss our joint working and i wish her well in her retirement , ' she said . last month , ms baird announced that she had appointed a judge to lead an inquiry into allegations that ms sim might have ' fallen short of her duty as a police officer to treat colleagues with respect and courtesy ' . she said : ' over the past few days , i have sought clarification about the issues raised by some officers . ' i am now clear that they wish to make complaints against the chief constable of northumbria police which merit investigation . ' ms sim said she would co-operate with the inquiry .