a heavily armed algerian jihadi who was preparing to attack churches in paris on the orders is in custody this morning after being implicated in the murder of a young woman . the 24-year-old , named locally as sid ahmed ghlam , had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers in the 13th arrondissement in southern paris on sunday . this afternoon the paris prosecutor said police found arabic documents mentioning isis and al qaeda at the it student 's home , as well as evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in syria ' who clearly asked him to target a church . ' sunday 's arrest came just hours after the murder of aurelie chatelain , a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor , who was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car in a car park in the paris suburb of villejuif . investigators reportedly claim dna evidence links ghlam to her murder . scroll down for video . sid ahmed ghlam ( pictured ) had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers . killed : dna evidence also reportedly links ghlam to the murder of aurelie chatelain ( pictured left and right ) , a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor who shot dead in her car in a paris suburb on sunday morning . gathered : this is the student residence where sid ahmed ghlam - a 24-year-old computer science student suspected of plotting imminent attacks on churches in france - had reportedly been living . french interior minister bernard cazeneuve today said : ' a terrorist attack was foiled on sunday morning . ' ' the police discovered an arsenal containing weapons of war , and a suspect was immediately taken into custody . ' victim : dna tests reportedly link the arrested man to the murder of ms chatelain ( pictured ) on sunday . mr cazeneuve said the suspect was found on a street in the 13th arrondissement of paris with a bullet in his leg , and bleeding heavily . he originally claimed to be the victim of an attack by criminals , but officers followed the trail of blood to his car , where they found a kalashnikov assaultrifle , and a sig-sauer automatic pistol . there were also stolen police armbands which would enable him to pose as a plain clothes officer . in ghlam 's student accommodation , detectives later found three automatic rifles , handguns , and bulletproof vests . there were also jihadi flags and literature , false passports , and plans for attacks on ' one or two ' churches in the paris area . dna analysis reportedly linked the arrested man to the murder of ms chatelain , who was originally from caudry , in northern france . the arrested man was an algerian national studying computer science in paris , and was known to the intelligence services . the man had been considered a likely candidate to travel to syria to fight with the islamic state terrorist organisation , said mr cazeneuve , and was officially under surveillance . tragic : ghalm 's arrest came just hours after the murder of aurelie chatelain ( pictured ) , a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor , who was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car in the paris suburb of villejuif . statement : french prime minister manuel vall , left , and interior minister bernard cazeneuve , speaking to the assembled media about the thwarted attack after a cabinet meeting at the elysee palace in paris today . location : the 24-year-old , named locally as sid ahmed ghlam , had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers in the 13th arrondissement in southern paris ( pictured ) on sunday morning . the arrested man had moved to france in 2009 , and was supported by his sister , who lives in the paris area . her home has since been raided by police too . it follows the charlie hebdo terrorist attacks in january , when three islamist terrorists slaughtered 17 people in the city . they included cartoonists and journalists working for the notoriously anti-muslim magazine , as well as police and four jews who were targeted in a kosher supermarket . two of the attackers , saif and cherif kouachi , were both from algerian backgrounds , while the third , amedy coulibaly , was from a malian immigrant background . all were shot dead by police commandos following sieges .