a mother-of-one has revealed how she overcame anorexia and depression by becoming a bodybuilder . kira hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago after a lengthy battle with depression and body dysmorphia . she had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts - and at just 6st , she was deemed clinically underweight . scroll down for video . kira hollis weighed just 6st at the time doctors diagnosed her with borderline personality disorder ( left ) . now a healthy 9.5st ( right ) , she reveals how bodybuilding gave her the confidence to overcome depression . doctors had ordered the 27-year-old , from tamworth , staffordshire , to go to the gym to gain some weight . the 27-year-old , from tamworth , staffordshire , was ordered by doctors to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight . there , she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer . now a healthy 9.5st , ms hollis says bodybuilding changed her life and gave her the confidence to overcome her depression . she said : ' doctors pushed me to go the gym so i could put weight on but it did so much more than that . ' it was something to focus on : for the first time in my life i had a real hobby . working out has completely changed my life . it 's given me focus and purpose . ms hollis says her six-year-old daughter olivia ( pictured together ) also helped her with her recovery . ms hollis was also helped by the cherry orchard clinic in tamworth and medication from her doctor . ' i 'm still on medication but i could n't be happier . i work hard , i 've got a lovely little girl and a wonderful boyfriend . ' ms hollis 's six-year-old daughter olivia has been a huge help in her recovery as well as her boyfriend michael dennis , 27 , has supported the pair after olivia 's father left shortly after ms hollis found out she was pregnant . she said : ' it was a really difficult time for me and my family . i was a mess and i was lashing out at myself but i 've come a long way since then . ' ' olivia 's been an absolute star . having her around changed my mind-set and made me realise life was n't just about me . ' it gave me a bit of perspective and looking after her had to take priority . ' ms hollis was also helped by the cherry orchard clinic in tamworth and medication from her doctor . ms hollis ( pictured around the time of her diagnosis ) said : ' i 'm still on medication but i could n't be happier ' . ms hollis , a former model , started a college course in gym instruction after she started visiting the fitness hub in tamworth three years ago . the former model started a college course in gym instruction after she started visiting the fitness hub in tamworth three years ago . and her story went viral after she uploaded a video online , which has now been more than two million times . she said : ' it 's been amazing , and so many people have been sharing their story . ' people from all over the world have seen it , from australia , america , new zealand and spain . it has been really heart-warming to see so many people affected by it . ' ms hollis , who recently won a bronze medal at a regional strongest woman competition , has also set up a facebook support group for people with mental illness to share her experience . 