nick gunn : he had affairs with women on his rounds . a councillor who stabbed his wife nine times with a kitchen knife after discovering her affair with the postman was yesterday found guilty of attempted murder . joseph o'riordan , 76 , left his wife mandy , 47 , with life-threatening injuries to the chest , torso and back after flying into a rage over her infidelity . but today it can be revealed that her married postman lover , nick gunn , 41 , had previous affairs with women on his rounds . while his wife last night refused to discuss her unfaithful husband , a former girlfriend revealed their relationship ended because he had been sleeping with a woman on his rounds . she also told how when she confronted him about the affair , he confessed that he had cheated on a previous partner with a woman he had been delivering post to . mr gunn started an affair with mrs o'riordan last year and the romance led to her husband placing a gps tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her movements . the couple had been married for ten years and had attended the queen 's garden party in 2013 for o'riordan 's work on the diamond jubilee celebrations . yesterday he showed no emotion as a jury took just two hours and ten minutes to reach a unanimous verdict and find him guilty of trying to kill his wife . brighton crown court had heard how he repeatedly stabbed his wife in their bedroom on october 22 last year , after arguing about the affair . the pair lived in a ground floor flat where mrs o'riordan worked as an estate manager on a residential home in polegate , east sussex . mrs o'riordan and mr gunn – nicknamed ' tommy ' by friends and family – had known each other for a number of years when he lived in the sussex village and worked as a postman . guilty : joseph o'riordan , 74 , stabbed his wife amanda , 47 , ( pictured together above ) nine times with a kitchen knife at the home they shared in polegate , east sussex , after discovering her affair with postman nick gunn . last year – despite having married three years ago and having moved with his wife sara saunders to portslade , near brighton – mr gunn and mrs o'riordan became lovers . but she was not his first , it is claimed . a 39-year-old former partner , who did not want to be named , said : ' we split up because he was having an affair . i saw that he had made a comment on facebook about a ' lover ' and i knew he was n't talking about me so i confronted him . ' he admitted he had been sleeping with a woman he had been delivering post to . he told me that something similar had happened with a previous girlfriend as well . we were together for six years , and this might have happened more than once . i did n't find out until july 2011 . ' after that affair mr gunn married schoolteacher miss saunders , who said last night : ' i 'm still married to him at the moment and i 'm not interested in talking about him . ' o'riordan ( left ) was convicted of attempted murder today after a jury took just two hours and ten minutes to unanimously find him guilty of trying to kill his wife with a nine-inch kitchen knife ( right ) in october last year . o'riordan was sitting on polegate town council when he grew suspicious that his wife , amanda , 47 , was having an affair and hired a private investigator to follow her which confirmed her relationship with mr gunn . mr gunn has a facebook page and describes himself on twitter as : ' a gamer , a lover , a postman and a friend of death . ' as the affair developed last year , o'riordan first hired a detective to watch his wife and then set up a gps tracker on her car . the £300 tracker reported back via text to o'riordan 's phone whenever his wife left home and gave the exact location of her vehicle . on one day alone on october 9 the tracker sent a total of 35 notifications to o'riordan as his wife visited mr gunn at his then home in portslade . o'riordan used to run nightclubs in the south east before he retired and was also a councillor in east sussex and became president of his local royal british legion . mrs o'riordan was a 23-year-old divorcee when she met the older o'riordan in 1991 . they married in 2004 and were seen by many friends as the ' perfect , loving couple ' . friends and family of mrs o'riordan arrived at brighton magistrates ' court ( left ) for the verdict today while o'riordan 's son liam - from a previous marriage - also attended the hearing to see his father convicted . but as o'riordan became older his wife essentially became his ' carer ' and the court heard how she wanted more ' freedom ' . prosecutor dale sullivan said o'riordan had ' clearly lied ' when he told police officers repeatedly that he had stabbed his wife because he had ' just found out she was having an affair ' . in reality he had known for weeks that she was seeing mr gunn . when mrs o'riordan gave evidence last week she did so from behind a screen so she did not have to see o'riordan . she told the court : ' i loved joe . i did n't want to hurt him . i never wanted to hurt him – even now . ' o'riordan is due to be sentenced today . mr gunn was unavailable for comment . o'riordan will be sentenced for attempted murder at brighton crown court ( pictured above ) tomorrow .