controversial payday lender wonga could change its name in a desperate attempt to regain credibility after a string of scandals caused the firm to lose £37.3million . the firm has been hit by new rules on payday lending , as well as being forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters . wonga 's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to a total of £217.2million , it was announced today - months after the company wrote off the debts of 300,000 customers . controversial : wonga , whose puppet advert is shown here , has reported a loss of £37.3million . now chairman andy haste says that the company might ditch its controversial brand in a bid to repair the company 's reputation . ' we are not ruling it out or in , ' he told reuters today . ' the question comes down to whether it remains the only brand or one of many brands , and ultimately does it stay as a brand for the overall company ? ' wonga 's financial woes are expected to continue thanks to a new cap on the interest rates it can charge which was introduced at the start of this year . announcing the firm 's latest set of results today , mr haste said : ' we said wonga would be smaller and less profitable in the near term as we focus on creating a sustainable business that lends responsibly and transparently to customers who can afford to borrow from us . desperate measures : chairman andy haste says that wonga might change its name . ' we know it will take time to repair our reputation and gain an accepted place in the financial services industry , but we 're determined to deliver on our plans and serve our customers in the right way . ' he said that all credit providers have to ' put their customers first and lend responsibly ' , admitting : ' regrettably , that has not always been the case at wonga . ' the firm 's chairman insisted that wonga would no longer lend to customers who can not afford to repay their loans , and said that the company had ' grown too quickly ' without putting in place the necessary management structure . the number of wonga 's customers in the uk fell by nearly half , to 575,000 , with the company making 2.5million loans in the course of 2014 compared to 3.7million the year before . the total amount of money lent fell from £1.1billion to £732million - but the company said that just 6.6 per cent of loans were defaulted on , down from 6.9 per cent in 2013 . wonga has cut the proportion of loan application it accepts from 80 per cent to just half after toughening up the criteria which potential lenders must meet . however , mr haste admitted that it is likely to take another year to turn the company around , saying that 2016 would be when ' we will start to come back ' . last year , wonga took a £35million hit from writing off 300,000 personal loans , and also faces a £20million bill over the bogus legal letters scandal . the company was ordered to compensate 45,000 customers who were sent official-looking letters demanding repayment from law firms which were actually just a front for wonga itself . wonga also courted controversy with its cheerful adverts featuring puppets , which critics claimed were designed to appeal to children and which have now been pulled from the airwaves . row : the company now faces new restrictions on the amount of interest it can charge on loans . new rules introduced this year are designed to clamp down on the costs of payday loans offered by companies like wonga . interest rates have been capped at 0.8 per cent a day - meaning that wonga has had to cut its annual rate from 5,853 per cent to 1,509 per cent . experts have warned that up to 99 per cent of payday lenders could be driven out of business by the rates cap , although wonga is considered likely to survive because of its high profile . however , earlier this year wonga announced that it was sacking 325 staff - a third of its workforce - in the wake of the new rules . among those who have led the criticism of wonga is the archbishop of canterbury , who announced plans to set up a church-backed credit network which can compete with payday lenders . clampdown : payday lenders are now significantly restricted in the interest rates they can charge . march 2013 : the uk 's biggest payday lenders are threatened with being put out of business after a damning report by the office of fair trading uncovers evidence of ' widespread irresponsible lending ' . june 2013 : the oft refers payday lenders to the competition commission for a full-scale inquiry , saying it has found 'deep-rooted ' problems . it finds some firms ' business models appear to be based around customers taking out loans which they are forced to roll over because they can not afford them . march 2014 : payday lenders face a new inquiry to see how sympathetic they are when customers struggle to pay back their debts , the financial conduct authority announces . april 2014 : supervision of the whole payday lending industry passes from the oft to the fca . the fca immediately starts putting tough new rules into action , including forcing payday firms to provide financial health warnings in emails , online and in texts and signpost people to free debt help . june 2014 : the competition and markets authority releases provisional findings from its competition investigation and says that payday loan borrowers are paying around £60 a year over the odds because of problems shopping around . it suggests setting up an independent price comparison website for payday customers . the fca announces that wonga is to pay £2.6million in compensation after chasing struggling customers with fake legal letters in order to pressurise them into paying up . between october 2008 and november 2010 , the firm sent correspondence to about 45,000 customers in arrears from non-existent law firms threatening legal action . july 2014 : the payday industry comes under more new rules overseen by the fca . from july 1 , payday firms have to include risk warnings in television advertising . they are also banned from rolling over a loan more than twice . the fca proposes a cap on payday lending , meaning that from january interest and fees on new loans , including those rolled over , must not exceed 0.8 per cent for each day of the amount borrowed . october 2014 : the cma announces plans that will force payday lenders to sell their products through impartial comparison websites as part of a new clampdown by the watchdog . january 2015 : the fca 's new cap on interest rates comes into force . it is predicted to squeeze up to 99 per cent of lenders out of the market . february 2015 : the competition and markets authority says payday lenders will have to put their deals on comparisons sites , as wonga reveals plans to sack one third of its workforce . april 2015 : wonga reports a pre-tax loss of £37.3million in the wake of its high-profile struggles .