bayern munich captain philipp lahm could make his first bundesliga start since returning from an ankle injury by appearing against borussia dortmund on saturday . midfielders franck ribery ( ankle ) , arjen robben ( stomach ) and javi martinez ( knee ) , and defender david alaba ( knee ) are all out , coach pep guardiola added on friday . he was not yet sure about defender holger badstuber ( hip ) , while midfielder thiago alcantara could play ' maybe a few minutes ' as he recovers from long-standing knee injuries . bayern munich captain philipp lahm has made a full recovery from a broken ankle . pep guardiola will be without a number of his first-team stars for his side 's match against dortmund . lahm has made only two substitute appearances for bayern since breaking his ankle in training on november 18 , and guardiola attempted to take some pressure off his captain by warning that the whole team has to work together to compensate for missing players . ' robben is great in one on ones , also coming in , scoring goals from the side . ribery too . without them , we do n't have players for one on ones , so we have to pass the ball , ' guardiola said . ' the players have to know , we need more , more , more . we need 100 per cent . ' alaba became the latest on bayern 's injury list when he tore a left knee ligament while on duty for austria . the left back is expected to miss the rest of the season . ' it 's not good news for anyone , ' said guardiola . ' up to now , we 've coped , and carried on . and we have to do that now . ' arjen robben ( centre ) and franck ribery ( right ) have been ruled out of bayern 's upcoming match . david alaba is likely to be out for the rest of the season after sustaining a knee injury . while at pains to state the injuries were not an excuse , he pointed out that they were mounting at a crucial point of the season with bundesliga , german cup and champions league games coming up . bayern has seven games in the next 22 days . ' the squad bayern have put together is there to fight for all the titles . no excuses . if we do n't win , it 's our fault , ' guardiola said . ' we 're happy to play in april with all the ( title ) possibilities still open . now every game is a final . earlier in the season if you do n't win you carry on . now if you lose , that 's it . we do n't want any more injuries . ' when asked if this was the most difficult time he had faced in his second season at bayern , guardiola replied , ' yes , definitely . ' he was nonetheless looking forward to saturday 's visit to dortmund , which has struggled this season and was bottom at the beginning of february . ' the quality of the side , the coach , the team , is higher than ( indicated ) by their table position . the quality is still there , ' guardiola said . ' the game is like a final . it 's not a final , but we 're fighting to defend our title , and dortmund are fighting for the champions league or europa league . ' he added : ' my experience with dortmund and ( coach jurgen ) klopp is of their pressing , their attacking game . it 's good that way . it will be a super , super game . ' 