a family in far eastern russia has adopted an orphaned bear cub which was found alone after its mother was likely killed by poachers . the shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub , which is unable to survive on its own , since it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago . with scenes reminiscent of the fairy tale goldilocks and the three bears , the family matriarch cooks porridge for the little bear at the family’s home in tulun , in russia’s irkutsk region . the shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to the gate at their home in tulun , russia . the family matriarch ( pictured ) feeds the bear porridge and milk from a refashioned beer bottle . she also feeds him milk from a refashioned beer bottle , and she told reuters that he loves snacking on sweets . the bear , nicknamed mishutka , may be a cute little cub right now , but he will soon grow to become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family and become expensive to feed and shelter . the family is hoping to find a new home for the hand-reared bear and has posted adverts on the internet . they hope the publicity will encourage a circus or zoo to take him in . wildlife experts caution against bringing an orphaned bear cub or any other wild animals into the home . the bear , nicknamed mishutka , will soon become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family . the family has placed adverts on the internet and are hoping the publicity will lead to a new home for the bear . while it may seem like a heartwarming tale local hunter and biologist nikolai tereshenko said there are few places to relocate a bear in that region , and he told reuters that people should not adopt wild animals . he said : ‘ in a home setting , when he 's small , he 's safe . but when he grows up , there are a lot of cases in the past , where a grown bear could even kill his caretaker . ‘ to kill with one move of his paw and tear up , and do anything . so i would n't recommend taming a wild beast , and i have never done it myself , although i have had a lot of chances . ’