a handful of manchester city fans were ejected from old trafford for allegedly mocking the munich air disaster during sunday 's 4-2 derby defeat by manchester united . stewards threw out the group who were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy . a total of 23 people perished after a plane carrying matt busby 's talented young side crashed during a take-off attempt from munich after refuelling following a european cup clash against red star belgrade . a handful of manchester city fans were ejected from old trafford for allegedly mocking the munich disaster . manchester united won 4-2 , with goals from ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling . among the death toll was former manchester city goalkeeper frank swift , who was covering the match as a journalist . however , a minority of visiting supporters were accused of performing the gesture and were quickly thrown out by stewards . police praised the ' overwhelming majority ' of supporters at the clash after just eight arrests were made . fears had been raised over the 4pm kick-off time with some concerned the extra time in the pub it allowed could increase the risk of alcohol-fuelled disorder . police on merseyside had previously launched a legal challenge to the everton versus liverpool clash starting at 5.30pm on a saturday but their counterparts in greater manchester were confident they could handle a late afternoon kick-off . a scuffle described by officers as ' minor ' broke out between rival united and city fans outside the stadium following the final whistle but those involved were quickly dispersed and the match passed without major incident . young 's goal delighted the old trafford crowd , the majority of whom were praised for their behaviour . police praised ' the overwhelming majority ' of fans , after just eight people were arrested at the derby . of those arrested , one was held on suspicion of ticket touting , another for an alleged assault on a police officer who was kicked in the head and a third was accused of assault . one man was arrested on suspicion of committing a racially-aggravated offence following alleged comments made about ashley young following his equalising goal for united . three were arrested for alleged public order offences and another was held on suspicion of being drunk and disorderly . chief superintendent john o'hare hailed fans ' behaviour . he said : ' i would firstly like to praise the overwhelming majority of fans from both clubs for making the derby match a safe and enjoyable environment . the disaster in 1958 saw 23 people die when manchester united 's plane crashed in munich . ' in a stadium packed with more than 75,000 people , to only make eight arrests for minor offences without any disorder is a fantastic achievement and again is testament to the behaviour of the fans in attendance . ' there was a minor skirmish on the forecourt as fans left the ground , but this was quickly dealt with by the officers on the ground who ensured there was no disorder and the game passed peacefully . ' as we said before the game , the later kick-off was mutually agreed by ourselves , both clubs and the premier league which is a reflection of how well the fans have behaved during previous derbies . that spirit was evident again this sunday . ' city say they are aware of the ejections and are liaising with united officials .