this is the shocking moment a young kurdish girl fires a machine gun at isis , before boasting she has killed 400 of the islamic militants - as she is egged on with cries of ' kill , kill ' . the little girl , who appears to be around six or seven , is shown sitting on a ridge in her bright pink jumper and trainers , just behind the large machine gun . she chats away to a man behind the camera , telling him she is ' shooting at daesh ' in kurdish - before firing several rounds into the desert . shocking : the little girl claims she is firing the machine gun at ' daesh ' , the arabic name for isis . kill : she tells the man she has killed 400 of the extremists so far , as he encourages her to kill more . target : however , it is unclear exactly what the girl is shooting at in the minute-long video . the man asks her how many isis fighters she has killed so far , and she holds up four fingers while boasting '400 ' . as she fires the gun , and , according to vocativ.com , he says : ' kill , kill . ' however , whether she has actually hit anything is unclear . the video - entitled young ypg girl shoots pk machine gun - was posted in january , but has only recently emerged on social networks . ypg is the acronym for the people 's protection unit , which has been battling isis since the extremists rise to power last year . but while isis are known for using young recruits to carry out executions , fight and even become suicide bombers , the kurds have so far kept their children out of the battle . propaganda : isis are known to use children in videos like this one , where they are being trained as fighters . sickening : in more horrific videos , isis have claimed to be using children as executioners . feared : the kurdish are famous for their female fighters , who have been key to driving isis out . rumours : isis fighters believe if they are killed by a woman they wo n't get their virgins in the afterlife . one of the most horrifying videos released by the islamists showed a young boy seeming to execute a so-called spy . they have also released a video of dozens of ' child soldiers ' from kazakhstan , apparently being trained to fight against isis enemies . instead , they are famous for their female recruits : it has proved to be one of their strengths against the militants , as they appear to believe if they are killed by a woman they will not be rewarded with 72 virgins in the afterlife . as a result isis fighters have been reluctant to enter battles with the women 's protection units , or ypj , reportedly leading to descent within the ranks of the terrorists and hastening their retreat from battles in places like kobane .   