an israeli geologist claims he has ‘confirmed’ the existence and authenticity of a tomb belonging to jesus and his son in jerusalem . after extensive chemical tests , dr arye shimron says he has linked the james ossuary – a 1st-century chalk box that some believe hold the bones of jesus ' brother – to the long disputed ‘ jesus family tomb’ in the city’s east talpiot neighbourhood . the research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that jesus was married , fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place . scroll down for video . after running 150 chemical tests , an expert claims to have linked the james ossuary ( pictured ) – a 1st-century chalk box that was used for containing the bones of the dead – to the long disputed ‘ jesus family tomb’ in the city’s east talpiot neighbourhood . according to geoarcheologist dr shimron , the ' son of god ' was buried with nine other people , including ‘ judah , son of jesus’ and his wife , named mary . dr shimron’s work has renewed controversy over the talpiot tomb , which was discovered in 1980 and dates back to the second temple period and the time of jesus , the jerusalem post reported . bones were discovered inside ossuaries , including one that bore the inscription , ‘ jesus , son of joseph ' . others included the names maria , joseph , mary , yose , matthew and most controversially , ‘ judah , son of jesus’ . joseph , mary and jesus were all common names at the time and a statistician from the university of toronto said that they each made up eight per cent of the population . however , a very small percentage would have had the same family name combination as described in the bible . dr shimron’s work has renewed the controversy over the talpiot tomb , which was found in 1980 and dates back to the second temple period and the time of jesus ( a portrait is pictured ) . the long-disputed long disputed ‘ jesus family tomb’ in the city’s east talpiot neighbourhood ( marked ) and is now sealed beneath a concrete slab after building work took place some years ago . probing this connection , dr shimron and documentary maker simcha jacobovici looked closer at the ossuaries , including the james ossuary , which is held by a private owner and bears the inscription , ‘ james , son of joseph , brother of jesus’ . the james ossuary is a first century chalk example of a box that was used to hold the bones of the dead . but it stands out because it bears the inscription ' james , son of joseph , brother of jesus ' on one side . the inscription is considered significant because it may provide archaeological evidence of jesus , the existence of the ossuary was announced in 2002 , but its authenticity was immediately challenged . the box 's owner was charged with forging part of the inscription and while he was found innocent seven years later , the judge said the acquittal ' does not mean that the inscription on the ossuary is authentic or that it was written 2,000 years ago ' . now , dr shimron claims the chemical signature on the ‘crust’ of the box matches that of a tomb in jerusalem known as the ‘ jesus family tomb’ where other ossuaries were found bearing the names of jesus and mary as well as ‘ judah , son of jesus’ . the owner of the ossuary , oded golan , was accused of forging the inscription shortly after its discovery by an academic from the sorbonne in paris , but he was later found innocent . other experts and archaeologists have rejected the claim that the jerusalem tomb is connected with jesus at all . recently dr shimron gained access to the james ossuary and scraped beneath the box 's patina , the layer that forms on metal over time . he ran around 150 tests on the chemistry of samples from 25 different ossuaries – 15 of which were from unrelated tombs – and found that traces of magnesium , iron and silicon from the james ossuary matched the chemical signature of talpiot tomb . the talpiot ossuaries were covered in a thick layer of ‘rendzina’ soil , which is characteristic of the hills of east jerusalem when they were found and has a unique chemistry . dr shimron worked from the assumption that an earthquake of 363ad flooded the tomb with soil and mud to cover the ossuaries , effectively forming a vacuum and freezing them in time . soil that seeped into the box matched that found in the talpiot ossuaries , indicating that it had lain for years alongside others in the ‘holy’ location . bones were discovered there in ossuaries , or chalk boxes , including one that bears the inscription , ‘ jesus , son of joseph ' with others bearing the names of maria , joseph , mary , yose , matthew and most controversially , ‘ judah , son of jesus’ . here an inscription that says ' yoseph ' on an ossuary . because bones were found in the ossuaries , it could be argued that there was no bodily resurrection ( portrayed in this tapestry ) which is the belief of more traditional christians , while others accept the event was spiritual . jesus christ was not a real person and is probably the result of a combination of stories about several different individuals , according to a writer and leading atheist activist . david fitzgerald , a san francisco based author , believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves jesus did not exist . he claims there are no contemporary mentions of jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived , yet other jewish sect leaders from the time do appear . jesus christ was not a real person and is probably the result of a combination of stories about several different individuals , according to a writer and leading atheist activist . a mosaic of christ is shown . he also points to discrepancies in the early gospels of mark , matthew and luke , claiming these were written decades after the supposed time of jesus . instead he insists the disciples of jesus were also probably not real and their names only later attached to the gospels to lend them credence . speaking to mailonline , he said : ' there is a paradox that jesus did all these amazing things and taught all these amazing things yet no one heard of him outside his immediate cult for nearly 100 years . ' or it means he did n't do all these things at all . ' the first gospel of christianity appears to have been a literary allegory that were written decades after the time they portray . ' i believe that christianity started as one of the many mystery faiths that appeared at the time where old gods and old traditions were rebooted . ' christianity appears to have been a jewish mystery faith . david fitzgerald told mailonline : ' there is a paradox that jesus did all these amazing things and taught all these amazing things yet no one heard of him outside his immediate cult for nearly 100 years ' . the famous statue of christ the redeemer in rio de janeiro , brazil , is shown . ' by the time of paul there appears to have been plenty of different `` lord 's suppers '' as he complains about the existence of other gospels and messiahs . ' it appears that early christianity managed to take the stories from these other faiths and incorporate them into the story of jesus . ' mr fitzgerald said : ' there is nothing implausible to think that jesus was a real person , but i just do n't think that he can have been a single person if he existed at all . ' we also have no mention of jesus in other historical texts from the time . there were certainly people writing about judea at the time like philo of alexandria . ' during this period there were many other messiahs and wannabe messiahs who did far less exciting things than jesus , but all of them managed something jesus did not - to make a dent on the historical record . ' two billion people believe all these miracles happened yet there is no evidence they did . ' jacobovici told the jerusalem post : ‘ this find illustrates that the james ossuary is authentic and the jesus family tomb indeed belongs to the family of jesus of nazareth . ’ dr shumron told the new york times : ‘ i think i’ve got really powerful , virtually unequivocal evidence that the james ossuary spent most of its lifetime , or death time , in the talpiot tomb . ’ the retired senior researchers of the geological survey of israel , added : ‘ the evidence is beyond what i expected . ’ the duo are aware that the findings could rock the christian church , but insist the research is scientific and not theological . because bones were found in the ossuaries , it could be argued that there was no bodily resurrection , which is the belief of more traditional christians , while others accept the event was spiritual . the talpiot tomb is now sealed under a concrete slab , while the ossuaries found there are in the hands of the israel antiquities authority . the james ossuary is kept in a secret location by its owner , who lives in tel aviv .