a biological father and daughter in an incestuous relationship have lost custody of their second baby after the first son , plagued with genetic problems , was also taken away . the baby boy was removed from their care four days after he was born in oregon last year , eric lee gates and his adult daughter , chalena mae moody , had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care , but their case was rejected , reports the register guard . the baby boy was taken away just four days after he was born in oregon and eric lee gates ( right ) and his adult daughter , chalena mae moody , ( left ) had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care . in march , moody , 25 , was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge , but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days behind bars . authorities say moody and her father were living as a couple in springfield , before moving to klamath falls and have had two children under two years of age . in march , moody , 25 , was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge , but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days behind bars . she also received 18 months probation . gates , 49 , is currently serving a six-month jail sentence for violating his probation by moving back in with moody after he was originally convicted of incest in january . gates was also ordered to pay restitution to the state of oregon for the medical expenses of the two children . gates and moody are prohibited from contacting each other while on probation . incest , even when both participants are adults , is a felony crime in oregon . the pair have two children together - born in 2013 and 2014 - a third died in utero . moody was married to another man at the time of the second child 's birth . the pair have two children together - born in 2013 and 2014 - a third died in utero . moody ( pictured ) was married to another man at the time of the second child 's birth with her father . genetic sexual attraction is a seldom-talked about phenomenon that frequently occurs between children and their long-lost parents . it describes feelings of intense intimacy between two relatives who have been separated during the critical years of development and bonding , and then meet for the first time as adults . essentially strangers , when an adult-child and their biological parent finally meet , the brain struggles to associate each other as family . instead , they become captivated with one another , sharing similar physical features , likes and dislikes , which is coupled with complex feelings of intimacy . this can lead both parties to express their emotions sexually . the phenomenon was first identified by barbara gonyo in the eighties , after she a wrote book called i 'm his mother , but he 's not my son , which recounted her personal story of reuniting with the son she placed for adoption at 16 . a sexual relationship with her son ensued , and ms gonyo says she fell in love - a byproduct of delayed bonding that normally takes place in infancy between new parents and their child , according to psychologists . researchers believe that when family members grow up in close proximity , a inherent taboo is created through reverse sexual imprinting , which desensitises them to later sexual attraction . called the westermarck effect , researchers hypothesize it evolved so biological relatives would not inbreed . but according to dhs , both she and her father admitted that the two boys were their offspring . the appeals court opinion states the child born in 2013 has ' significant medical issues , including medical issues that are likely due to the close genetic relationship of his biological parents ' and there is a chance these are present in the newborn . according to the appeals court’s opinion , moody previously gave birth to three other children , all of whom have been adopted . the pair had argued that the appeals court failed to establish that their relationship posed a risk to their child who is now four months . but the appeals court opinion states the reasons that the child was taken include the mother 's substance abuse and ' chaotic lifestyle ' the pair both led as well as gates ' criminal past . authorities say gates was not moody 's custodial parent during her childhood , as he served several stints in prison while she was growing up . according to authorities , neither gates nor moody knew they were related when a mutual friend introduced them and the pair began a relationship . springfield police detective dave lewis said gates and moody openly admitted to their consensual relationship , to being father-daughter and also conceiving children together . dna tests were performed on the family , and it was determined that gates and moody were related and had children from an incestuous relationship , lewis said . oregon state law defines incest as when a person marries or engages in sexual intercourse or deviate sexual intercourse with another whom the person knows to be related to them , either legitimately or illegitimately , as an ancestor , descendant , brother or sister of either whole or half-blood . incest is a class c felony , punishable by up to five years in prison and $ 125,000 in fines . 