two warring sisters were yesterday stripped of the right to control their aged mother’s fortune because of the intensity of the hatred between them . the hostility between the women – one a 61-year-old retired gp and the other a 58-year-old radiographer – meant they would never be able to make rational decisions about how to deal with the 97-year-old widow’s property , a judge said . senior judge denzil lush said the elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document , so she could gain greater control over her mother’s money . the mother , who has dementia , lives in a care home in stoke mandeville , buckinghamshire . she owns a £600,000 house , has savings and shares worth £100,000 , and has an income of £1,200 a month . the court of protection case was brought by the office of the public guardian ( pictured ) - the regulator of agreements for people without capacity . the judge said both sisters were unsuitable to control her affairs ‘ because of the intense acrimony between them’ . instead he appointed a court deputy to carry out this role . the ruling was made in the secretive court of protection in which hearings are routinely closed to the public . the judge ordered that none of the family be named . senior judge lush said the ‘ daughters don’t see eye to eye . in fact , they detest each other . ’ according to the gp , the judge said , ‘ the two of them have been in the same room together on five occasions during the last five years , and on each occasion her sister has refused point blank either to speak to her or even acknowledge her presence . the only communication between them is by email , and this is usually rancorous in tone . ’ the disastrous relationship between the two sisters and their failure to handle their mother’s affairs as she slipped into dementia were revealed in a ruling by the secretive court of protection . the sisters agreed with their mother in 2007 that they should draw up an agreement to control her money and property if she became unable to do so herself . the mother , a widow since 1984 , owns a house in marlow worth between £550,000 and £600,000 , savings and shares worth about £100,000 , and has an income of around £1,200 a month . since suffering from dementia she has lived in a care home in stoke mandeville that costs £940 a week . however , the sisters have rowed over their mother’s care . the dispute has involved the younger sister , the radiographer , objecting to her elder sibling’s choice of care home - which is a two-hour journey away from her own house . it has also involved an accusation from the gp that her younger sibling only visits their mother once a week or once a fortnight . the document drawn up by the sisters in 2007 to control their mother’s affairs - an enduring power of attorney - was put into effect in 2013 . since suffering from dementia the mother has lived in a care home in stoke mandeville ( pictured ) costing £940 a week . but senior judge lush said that at some stage the elder sister had attempted to alter the document . she attempted to change the attorneys’ appointment from ‘joint’ to ‘ joint and several’ . it meant that the doctor could take decisions on her own about the money , without reference to her sister . the judge added that when she registered the new document the gp ‘ knew that this statement was false . ’ the court of protection case was brought by the office of the public guardian - the regulator of agreements for people without capacity . the opg told the court that there were no witnesses to the alteration of the document . judge lush said there were criminal penalties for dishonestly tampering with an enduring power of attorney . laura knight of the opg told the court that ‘ it is more difficult to believe that a professional person with the responsibilities of the gp would misunderstand the difference in appointment types’ . miss knight added that the gp said that her late aunt had agreed that the document should be changed , but ‘ while this seems plausible , it is alarming to see an attempt by reasonably educated people at amending an important legal document without any witnessing being attempted or legal advice being taken . ’ judge lush said there were criminal penalties for dishonestly tampering with an enduring power of attorney . he said the punishments could run up to two years in jail but any charges were a matter for the crown prosecution service . he added that he thought prosecution would not be in the interests of the mother , who would be caused ‘ significant distress’ . the judge said of the doctor : ‘ notwithstanding the natural love and affection between them and the undoubted support she has provided to her mother in recent years , i find her unsuitable to be the donor’s attorney . ’  