lorient climbed clear of the ligue 1 relegation zone with a remarkable 5-3 win at marseille as the home side 's alarming slump continued at the stade velodrome . three successive defeats had destroyed marseille 's hopes of landing the ligue 1 title and they had not won at home since january 31 , but the odds were still stacked against visitors lorient who knew nothing other than victory would take them out of the bottom three . florian thauvin might have given marseille a sixth-minute lead after combining with andre-pierre gignac but the breton side were 2-0 ahead inside 13 minutes through jordan ayew and francois bellugou . lorient 's jordan ayew celebrates with team mates after scoring against marseille in a 5-3 away victory . pierre-andre gignac looks as if he can not believe it as early title contenders marseille 's season falls apart . ayew punished his former club with a fine volley after nine minutes following lamine gassama 's cross and romain philippoteaux 's clever back heel into his path . four minutes later yann jouffre 's free-kick saw ayew beat jeremy morel in the air and bellugou 's powerful header did the rest . dimitri payet 's pace offered marseille hope of a comeback as the first half ended and marcelo bielsa 's side were level halfway through the second period . ayew 's brother andre halved the deficit with a 59th-minute backheel flick after payet 's 35-metre free-kick had come back off a post and then morel powered home a header eight minutes later from 12 yards . both andre ( left ) and jordan ( right ) ayew scored in the game , but the latter made the difference with a brace . the lorient players celebrate a famous victory , and it was their first win in a poor run of five games . but - a minute later - philippoteaux put lorient ahead again with a run through the static home defence , only for belgian substitute michy batshuayi to equalise with 14 minutes remaining after racing onto a long ball from alaixys romao . but marseille capitulated in the final six minutes as jordan ayew scored his second from a fine solo run before mathias autret secured lorient 's first win in five games after home goalkeeper steve mandanda had parried his first effort . 