the statue of liberty was evacuated friday afternoon in the wake of a bomb threat , which was ultimately found to be a hoax . some 2,700 tourists were rushed off liverty island by boat operators just after midday friday after a 911 caller said he was ' going to blow up ' the landmark . police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island , which they thought contained something suspicious . scroll down for video . evacuation : tourists were rushed off liberty island today following a bomb threat resulting in a suspicious package being found . this instagram image shows hundreds of tourists waiting at a pier to catch a boat to safety . sniffing out trouble : twitter user rick borgmeyer uploaded this photograph of an officer patrolling liberty island with a dog . the nypd 's bomb squad was scrambled , but a full search of the island finally failed to find anything explosive . an official all-clear was given around 4:30pm , by which time the park 's 4pm closing time had passed , so visitors were not allowed back . tour operators said that all 2,700 evacuees were offered refunds , and that the park would be open as normal saturday . social media was flooded with images of the mass exodus from the island , in new york 's harbor . the operation appeared to take around an hour . nobody was injured , according to officials . the island was deemed safe again around 4:30pm , but tourists were not allowed back because the island was almost closed for the day . twitter user karla chavez , who appears to have been visiting from california , posted video on the social network of large crowds waiting in line for a boat off the island . k9 : nypd captain mark iocco posted this image of his sniffer dog investigation on liberty island . unloading : tourists are pictured at battery park city making their way off the boat following the bomb threat . evacuated : the statue of liberty , pictured in this 2007 file photo , was evacuated friday after reports of a suspicious package . another , rick borgmeyer , who appears to be one of the last to be evacuated , posted a picture of an nypd boat pulling up at the island , and police dogs sweeping the perimeter . all visitors to liberty island go through security checks before being allowed on the boats , which consist of bag searches and the use of metal detectors , national parks police confirmed . there is also a secondary screening on the island for anybody who wants to go inside the statue . it is unclear where on the island , and at which stage of security , the suspicious locker was . 