chris ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will be enough to secure queens park rangers ' top flight status . rangers are in the drop zone of the barclays premier league with 28 points as they prepare for a london derby at home to west ham . ' if you win three games you 're probably going to stay up , ' said ramsey . ' as long as we 're above the line come the end of may we 'll be happy . i just care if we win . i just take care of our own game . if we do n't get good results it does n't matter what they do . queens park rangers boss chris ramsey believes his side will stay in the premier league with three wins . clint hill reacts after qpr conceded a late goal against chelsea to lose 1-0 at loftus road . ramsey spoke of his dismay at the nature of the late defeat by chelsea in their last game . ' we know the enormity of the task ahead but you can only plan and prepare as best you can and what happens happens . we understand there is pressure in these last few games . i ca n't say i do n't feel pressure but it depends on how you deal with it . ' he believes qpr 's chances of achieving these victories from games against west ham , liverpool , manchester city , newcastle and leicester will hinge on their an ability to kick the habit of conceding late goals , like the one which turned a draw into defeat on their last outing against chelsea . ' it is down to a lack of continued concentration , ' said ramsey . ' the managers of other teams near the bottom would say the same . ' not many teams are getting slaughtered but the quality at the top end is why they 're there . we 're not happy with late goals . we need to stop conceding those late goals . ramsey 's side face west ham , liverpool , manchester city , newcastle and leicester to close the season . ramsey ( right ) wants qpr to improve their defensive concentration in order to stay in the premier league . ' we were quite frustrated at the end of the last game as we played well but did n't get a positive result . we had good form and momentum and we 'd have liked to have played straight away . ' i did n't get over it quickly . we had a game-plan and we did n't do it until the end . it was more for the players who ran their legs off . when you 're dealing with the players and coaches of the class of chelsea you have to be on it and we were n't . ' 