robert durst has been absolved of state gun charges in louisiana . the ruling on thursday clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in new orleans , which local lawyers believe he can win . durst , 72 , who faces a murder charge in an unrelated california case , remains jailed without bond in louisiana . scroll down for video . next step : jailed millionaire robert durst has been absolved of state gun charges in louisiana . he will now face federal charges , which lawyers believe he can win , before a murder trial in california . he was arrested at a hotel in the new orleans capital in march a day before the finale of his hbo docu-series the jinx . authorities said he had a gun and marijuana in his room . defense attorney dick deguerin said state and federal prosecutors had been discussing the possibility of the state case being dismissed . he says he was pleased with the decision . ' it makes sense to try this case in federal court because fbi agents arrested mr. durst , and there should n't be two prosecutions , state and federal , at the same time for the same crime , ' deguerin said in an email . ' we 're looking forward to our day in court . ' a spokesman for district attorney leon cannizzaro confirmed the move , saying cannizzaro has a close working relationship with federal authorities in new orleans . ' the district attorney did reserve the right to look at the case again upon its conclusion in federal court , ' assistant prosecutor christopher bowman said . durst had faced state charges of possessing a handgun with drugs and illegal possession of a handgun by a felon . legal battle : the 72-year-old was arrested in march the day before the finale of an hbo docu-series about him . durst ( right ) was arrested for the murder of his friend and writer susan berman ( left ) in 2000 , which some believe he may have committed to stop her from talking to authorities about the disappearance of his wife . durst , the heir to a vast real estate fortune before becoming estranged from his family , is also connected to the 1982 disappearance of first wife kathy mccormack ( left , with durst ) and the killing of morris black ( right ) . the charge in the federal indictment says durst violated the federal gun-control act because he was in possession of a firearm after being convicted of earlier felonies . his lawyers say the arrest in mid-march was timed to mesh with the finale of the jinx , hbo 's six-part series about durst , his wife 's disappearance , berman 's death , and the death and dismemberment of durst 's neighbor morris black in 2001 . authorities found more than $ 44,000 in durst 's hotel room , according to legal papers filed wednesday . after his arrest , they intercepted a package containing personal items and $ 117,000 that was sent to the hotel for everette ward — the name durst used to register there . during a hearing last month , a prosecutor said the package of $ 100 bills , a head-and-chest latex mask and a map folded to show louisiana , florida and cuba were evidence that durst was likely to flee if bond was set for him .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .