new jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child 's mother . on nov. 11 , 2014 , the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in farmingdale , new jersey . now , more than five months later , authorities have released the sketch along with photos of evidence as they continue to investigate the child 's death . the baby , who was named ' emma grace ' by a local church , was discovered by a recommunity recycling facility employee , police said in a news release . scroll down for video . emma grace : new jersey police have released a sketch of an infant ( photographed ) , known as ' emma grace , ' whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child 's mother . evidence : investigators located the infant 's head along with two blood-soaked blouses ( left and right ) and a bag more than 50 miles away in orange township . investigators located the infant 's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away in orange township . authorities released the sketch of emma and the photos friday enlisting the help of the public to locate the infant 's mother . ' detectives hope someone may recognize the baby based on the composite sketch or provide assistance to find the mother based on the items of clothing , ' police said . the release states that no current evidence indicates that the mother was a ' victim of foul play , ' but authorities have not ruled out the possibility . a medical examiner has determined that emma was not stillborn , but the cause of the child 's death is still unknown . funeral : the baby 's remains have been released to the ardena baptist church in freehold , which will hold a funeral for the infant saturday . name : the ardena baptist church , who will hold a funeral for the child , gave her the name ' emma grace ' . investigators say that if the mother is responsible for placing the remains in the trash heap , she may have been trying to hide her pregnancy prior to giving birth . ' she might have been living a different lifestyle than she was accustomed to , and since the birth she may have resumed some of her more normal routines , ' police said . based on hair characteristics , police said , the infant is of mixed race and may be of hispanic origin . the investigation is ongoing and monmouth county crime stoppers is offering up to $ 5,000 for information leading to the identity of the infant 's mother . the baby 's remains have been released to the ardena baptist church in freehold , which will hold a funeral for the infant saturday .