an innocent man who spent more than 30 years on death row for a murder he did n't commit has come face-to-face with the prosecutor who put him there . glenn ford , who was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release last year , was too weak to stand when marty stroud walked into his louisiana home last week but shook his hand . ' i want you to know that i am very sorry , ' stroud said during the somber meeting , which was filmed by nightline . ' it 's a stain on me that will be with me until i go to my grave . ' ' right , ' ford responded , without looking up . ' but it still cost me 31 years of my life and then nothing at the end but death because they give me from six to eight months to live . ' scroll down for videos . apology : marty stroud , left , visited glenn ford , right , at his home to apologize for putting him behind bars for 30 years for a murder he did n't commit . ford was released from prison in angola last year . face-to-face : the 65-year-old , who was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer shortly after being freed from prison , shook the former prosecutor 's hand as he walked into his home . ' i 'm sorry , ' ford added . ' i ca n't forgive you . ' stroud , who wished ford the best before leaving the home , had asked to meet the man after apologizing to him in a powerful letter published in the shreveport times last month . in the letter , stroud admitted that he was to blame for mistakenly putting ford behind bars for the fatal shooting of a jeweler , despite no murder weapon or witnesses placing him at the scene . ' in 1984 , i was 33 years old , ' he wrote . ' i was arrogant , judgmental , narcissistic and very full of myself . i was not as interested in justice as i was in winning . ' stroud , 63 , wrote the letter after the state ruled that ford was not entitled to receive $ 330,000 in compensation for his time spent behind bars because he could not prove he did not know about the killing before it was carried out . ' glenn ford should be completely compensated to every extent possible because of the flaws of a system that effectively destroyed his life , ' stroud wrote . struggle : ford told stroud that he could not forgive him for what he had done as a young lawyer . pain : after stroud left , ford was overcome with emotion and was comforted by his carers , pictured . ' the audacity of the state 's effort to deny mr. ford any compensation for the horrors he suffered in the name of louisiana justice is appalling . ' ford was accused of shooting isadore rozeman , a shreveport jeweler and watchmaker for whom mr ford had done occasional yard work , in 1983 and was convicted the following year . he was sent to prison , where he lived with little light or heat , while stroud , who had been with the caddo district attorney 's office for two years , went out to celebrate by having drinks with his team . ' that 's sick , ' he said in his letter . ' i had been entrusted with the duty to seek the death of a fellow human being , a very solemn task that certainly did not warrant any `` celebration '' . ' from behind bars , ford continued to protest his innocence . then in 2013 , state district judge ramona emanuel voided the conviction and sentence based on an informant claiming that another man , jake robinson , had confessed to killing rozeman . regrets : a.m. ' marty ' stroud iii , pictured , wrote a lengthy apology letter to ford last month that was published in a local newspaper . in the letter , he also slammed the state for refusing to pay the man compensation . robinson , along with his brother henry , had been eyed by investigators in relation to the killing but have never been charged in rozeman 's death . they have since been indicted in other murders . wrongly accused : ford , a father-of-four ( pictured in a booking photo ) , was sent to death row in 1984 . ' my fault was that i was too passive , ' stroud said in his letter last month . ' had i been more inquisitive , perhaps the evidence would have come to light years ago ... ' i did not hide evidence , i simply did not seriously consider that sufficient information may have been out there that could have led to a different conclusion . and that omission is on me . ' he added that the odds were stacked against ford , whose attorneys were inexperienced in criminal law . ford , who is black , also faced an all-white jury . ' i apologize to glenn ford for all the misery i have caused him and his family , ' stroud wrote . ' i apologize to the family of mr. rozeman for giving them the false hope of some closure . ' ford walked free from louisiana state penitentiary in angola on march 11 , 2014 , wearing a jean jacket , sweater and beanie hat and carrying all of his worldly possessions in two tiny boxes . as he walked out of the prison gates , he said he was sad he had not been around to raise his now-adult sons , but added : ' it feels good ; my mind is going in all kind of directions . it feels good . ' prison officials gave the then-64-year-old a debit card worth just $ 20 . that , along with the money that he had in his bank account , left mr ford with a paltry $ 20.24 to his name . freed : ford is pictured in march 2014 as he was freed from the state prison following 30 years behind bars . he was given just $ 20 but was taken in by a non-profit group who found a free place for him to stay . making the days count : ford , pictured earlier this year , relies on social security disability and food stamps . he is suing the state for denying him medical care for his lung cancer , which is now terminal . his lawyers set up an amazon wishlist for strangers to donate funds and items - from furniture to clothing - so ford could start to re-build his life , and he continues to accept donations . with the help of a non-profit group , resurrection after exoneration , he had a place to live free of charge and has since moved to his own apartment . he relies on social security disability and food stamps , while volunteers help to take care of him . he has also visited california to see his four sons . after he left prison , he learned he had stage 3 lung cancer , which has now progressed to stage 4 . ahead of the meeting with stroud , he told nightline he was shocked by stroud 's letter , but that he refused to get angry over his situation . ' i 'm upset , yes , but it 's not my driving force , ' he said , too weak to even open his eyes . ' [ my driving force ] is to get well as i possibly can . i ca n't do that being mad at marty stroud . ' see below for video .