a london marathon runner stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him in an incredibly heart-warming video . jordan meikle was filmed approaching the spectator’s barriers at a section of the 26-mile course near canary wharf by his girlfriend’s father mark harris . the 23-year-old , who moments before carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing , is captured standing before her stretching his muscles . jordan meikle stretches his muscles in front of the spectator 's barriers at the london marathon . biding his time while masking the slight smirk on his face , jordan lunges into another stretch – one that has him facing his girlfriend on one knee – and reveals the ring box from behind his back . his girlfriend , kayleigh harris appears speechless by the sudden gesture and stands back in shock as jordan beams up at her . cheers sound from the people standing by watching and runners can be seen clapping in approval as they jog past the couple . getting to his feet , jordan then presents kayleigh with her ring and seals the deal with a kiss and a cuddle . while stretching the 23-year-old gets down on one knee and suddenly produces a ring from behind his back . he then has a sip of water and after saying his goodbye’s heads back into the pack of runners and carries on with his race . talking to mailonline , jordan said : ' i wanted to propose for a while now but wanted it to be somewhere extra special where there would be hundreds of people in the same area – plus somewhere she could n't escape . ' after the marathon i met my fiancee and family at the mall and cuddled and celebrated a little bit until my legs turned to rock and i had to lay on the floor . ' our anniversary is on april 29 , so proposing so close to the day and in front of my family and hers was daunting but also amazing – my happiest day so far . ' after sealing the deal with a kiss and a cuddle , jordan rejoins the pack of runners and carries on with the race . the video , which was uploaded to facebook , has been viewed almost 25,000 times and has received a number of positive comments . claire harris wrote : ‘ congratulations ! i barely even know you but i 'm sitting in the staffroom with tears in my eyes ! how fantastic ! ! ’ jordan was running the race to help raise funds for the salvation army , who provide accommodation for homeless people . according to his just giving page , jordan had excelled his target of £1,500 by raising £1,760.37 in funds from a total of 88 donations . 