jurgen klopp is to step down as borussia dortmund manager this summer . the 47-year-old german will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely . klopp and dortmund chief executive hans-joachim watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of june after seven successful years at the club . an emotional klopp said : ' as a person , i would have liked to see that something so beautiful does not have to come to an end . ' jurgen klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave borussia dortmund this summer . an emotional klopp said he believed dortmund needed a change of manager . klopp will officially cease to be dortmund manager on june 30 . klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the westfalenstadion . the emotion was clear to see as klopp announced he was leaving the club . klopp leaves the press conference after confirming his departure as dortmund boss in the summer . klopp was alongside chief executive hans-joachim watzke ( left ) and sporting director michael zorc ( right ) . after the press conference , klopp joined the dortmund squad for a training session . klopp speaks to the players in training , shortly after making the announcement he would be leaving the club . dortmund are preparing for their home bundesliga match with paderborn at the weekend . klopp issues instructions to his defender mats hummels during wednesday 's training session . klopp , wearing a club tracksuit and baseball cap , cuts a lonely figure on the training ground . a downcast klopp during dortmund 's 3-1 loss to borussia monchengladbach at the weekend . martin samuel on why premier league clubs should be trying to entice klopp . he denied reports that he will take a year-long sabbatical because of exhaustion following a difficult season in which dortmund have flirted with relegation from the bundesliga . klopp said : ' i do n't think of it as a load off my shoulders . i 'm not tired , even though i look like this . ' i have had no contact with another club , but i am not planning a sabbatical . ' klopp has long been linked with a move to the english top flight and this news will have arsenal and manchester city , among others , on alert . bookmakers immediately installed manchester city as the favourites to secure klopp 's services though the club insist they have no interest in him . speculation has mounted that manuel pellegrini will be sacked in the summer after city 's season unravelled , with bayern munich coach pep guardiola another name linked with the etihad stadium job . dejected dortmund players neven subotic , mats hummels , sokratis and ciro immobile after saturday 's loss . the season has been one of struggle for dortmund , who flirted with relegation from the bundesliga . april 18 paderborn ( h ) . april 25 eintracht frankfurt ( h ) . april 28 bayern munich ( a ) . dfb-pokal semi-final . may 2 hoffenheim ( a ) . may 9 hertha berlin ( h ) . may 16 wolfsburg ( a ) . may 23 werder bremen ( h ) . reflecting on the need for a change , klopp said : ' i am sure that the decision is absolutely right . this team deserves to have the absolutely one hundred per cent right coach . ' i believe that borussia dortmund actually needs a change . a major problem certainly is - as long as i 'm here , we are always considering the successes of the past . ' klopp will not be severing all ties with the club , however , saying that he has already reserved three season tickets for the next campaign . before the press confernece , klopp embraced club ceo watzke , who said : ' we had talks with jurgen in the last days and came to the mutual decision that the way will end at the end of the season . ' it has been difficult for us because we have a very special relationship with each other . you can be certain that all the borussen will forever be thankful to you . ' klopp shakes hands with arsenal manager arsene wenger before their champions league tie in november . the news about klopp 's future will place a number of premier league clubs on alert . bundesliga 2010-11 , 2011-12 . german cup 2011-12 . dfl-supercup 2013 , 2014 . t-home supercup 2008 . uefa champions league runner-up 2012-13 . german manager of the year 2011 , 2012 . klopp 's record at dortmund . pld 309 w 175 d 67 l 67 win % 56.63 . an equally emotional dortmund sporting manager michael zorc told klopp : ' i think we wrote a modern fairytale in the last years with you as the key figure , jurgen . ' everyone at bvb , especially the players , should give you the send-off you deserve in the next weeks . ' in his time at the westfalenstadion , he has won two bundesliga titles and the german cup , as well as guiding the team to the champions league final in 2013 . bild reported that the former mainz coach thomas tuchel , 41 , is in the frame to take over though watzke was not prepared to comment on klopp 's successor . although klopp is contracted to dortmund until 2018 , he is seeking a new challenge following a difficult season in which the club have struggled for form . sitting in 10th position , dortmund find themselves 37 points behind rivals and league leaders bayern munich . but even this is an improvement on a catastrophic first half of the season in which they won just four league games before the winter break and sat bottom for three weeks . they suffered further embarrassment in the champions league , beaten 3-0 at home by juventus in the second leg of their last-16 tie to complete a 5-1 aggregate defeat . bild claimed the relationship between klopp and bosses watzke and zorc has become increasingly strained . bild also claim that zorc met with tuchel back in april 2014 amid speculation that klopp was set to join a premier league club then .  15/8 - man city . 11/2 - real madrid . 6/1 - arsenal . 6/1 - liverpool . 7/1 - barcelona . 10/1 - chelsea . 10/1 - bayern munich . 12/1 - man united . 17/1 - everton . 33/1 - southampton . 33/1 - atletico madrid . 45/1 - newcastle . 45/1 - west ham . odds courtesy of paddy power , correct at time of publication . 