love the lighting in these photography shots ? they become even more awe-inspiring at the realisation that they 're paintings , and someone spent between 50 to 300 hours painstakingly creating them . patrick kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from springville , utah , who specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings . scroll down for video . action shot : the artwork of 33-year-old patrick kramer is so realistic it 's impossible to tell apart from a photo . in this image , he has painted a falling woman with a deeply intricate background . the us artist specialises in beautifully in-depth oil painted portraits , including this intricate black and white portrait of a man called matt . the paintings , including this of a sleeping young girl called anna , take the artist up to 50 to 300 hours to complete . it 's almost impossible to tell that kramer 's flawless creations are in fact oil paintings due to their incredible pin-sharp detail and clarity . his portrayals vary between vivid city scenes , still-life objects , portraits and breathtaking motion-shots . as well as his portfolio of hyper-realistic paintings , he also constructs more surreal variations on still life , involving insects or inanimate objects in front of a background . one of his images is an imitation of the cover art for musician drake 's 2013 album , nothing was the same . kramer also paints highly-detailed urban shots , which are impossible to tell apart from a photo . his technique involves building layers of oil paint in order to achieve the intense level of detail . the us artist works from photos and builds up delicate layers of oil paint on a board or canvas . this allows him to add controlled detail and subtle shadowing , which appear almost three-dimensional in the pieces of artwork . kramer has admitted that an oil painting can take anywhere between 50 to 300 hours ( one to six weeks ) to complete . the length of time taken depends entirely on the size of the painting and the level of detail . the 33-year-old artist has admitted that this type of artwork suits his precise preferences and personality . kramer also constructs more surreal imagery of insects , which all still have the same high level of detail - including ( left ) a dragonfly on an intricate background , and ( right ) kramer 's painting of a butterfly resting on a wad of letters . cracks in the surface : the artist , from utah , specialises in creating exceptionally-realistic works of art . in this case , it is a paintbrush against a background of cracked paint . kramer said : ' being a perfectionist , i have always been considering art as an outlet for my slightly obsessive personality . the artist 's background and education was also important in honing his interests . ' i studied painting in college , and experimented with hyper realism as a way of perfecting my craft . ' i never intended to pursue the style , but found it hard to give up , as it suited my nature . ' kramer 's artwork - including this painting of half-filled glasses - is astounding in its level of clarity . glass half full or half empty ? this painting is incredibly detailed , from the fine fish fins to the bubble floating at the top of the glass . kramer 's paintings can vary between still-life of subjects such as paint-brushes ( left ) and detailed portrayals , such as this harbour ( right ) . nothing was the same : this painting imitates the album cover art for drake 's 2013 album , but swaps drake for a female model .