enter the term ' ceo ' into google images and you 'll be presented with a grid of smiling men in suits , most of them stock images , with a few snaps of steve jobs thrown in . scroll down and you 'll eventually find your first female face : none other than barbie , ' ceo barbie ' to be precise , a doll which first appeared in the eighties , dressed in a miniskirt and clutching a briefcase . the image of barbie is the 96th result on the page , and ironically comes from a 2005 spoof article courtesy of the onion that jokingly states ' women do n't run companies ' . spot the stereotype ! barbie is the 96th image to come up on google images when you enter the search term ' ceo ' , after rows and rows of grinning suit-clad men . several high-powered women , including women 's right campaigner chelsea clinton , have re-tweeted the results of the search , which is being seen by many as a sad reflection on the general state of women in the workplace . google , like other search engines , generates images based on a knot of complex algorithms related to file names and key words . the more ' popular ' and relevant an image is , the higher up the ranks it will move . after barbie , the next female - and the first human one - you 'll find upon searching google images for ' ceo ' does n't pop up until several lines more of men , and is jessica herrin , ceo of a jewellery company called stella & dot . incidentally , a new study from the university of washington recently found that results like these are indeed contributing to gender bias , and perpetuating outdated views on women in the workplace . shining example ? the image ( pictured ) is of ' ceo barbie ' , a doll which first appeared in the 80s , dressed in a miniskirt and clutching a briefcase . noted : chelsea clinton was one of the many high-powered women to retweet the results of the search . the study concluded : ' manipulated image search results could determine , on average , seven per cent of a study participant’s subsequent opinion about how many men and women work in a particular field . ' earlier this year , it was determined by the professional boards forum’s boardwatch that for the first time ever , the proportion of women on ftse 500 boards in the uk had reached 20 per cent . of the images returned by google from a ' ceo ' search , only 11 per cent were of women . and unlike most scenarios concerning gender inequality , nothing is to blame here but a set of internet algorithms . funny side : one twitter user deemed the phenomenon ' hilarious ' . in a nutshell : the atlantic pointed out that google images ' definition of a ceo was ' mostly white guys and barbie ' . misrepresentation : others hinted that the results were woefully out-of-date .