eden hazard needs to become more selfish if he wants to be considered alongside cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi , according to manchester united legend paul scholes . the chelsea playmaker is closing in on a first premier league title after another impressive season , which has seen him emerge as favourite to pick up the pfa player of the year award . despite scoring 13 goals and making eight assists in 32 appearances , scholes believes the 24-year-old needs to be more ruthless to be compared with the world 's best players . eden hazard celebrates scoring the winner against manchester united as chelsea close in on the title . the chelsea playmaker is favourite to pick up the pfa player of the year award this season . cristiano ronaldo ( left ) and lionel messi are recognised as the world 's two best players - ahead of hazard . ' one thing i do wonder with hazard is whether he has that hunger to score goals that you see in ronaldo , messi and [ luis ] suarez , ' scholes wrote in the independent . ' those are players who have a ferocious appetite to put the ball in the net . they 're unstoppable . hazard seems to me to be a relatively gentle soul . one who is just as happy skipping past a couple of opponents and putting it on a plate for a team-mate . ' he does that very well , and i have no doubt he will deserve his accolade at the pfa awards . playing the way he does , under pressure to score goals and make them , is not easy and he has been a big part of chelsea 's success . ' but in this modern age , if he wishes to challenge the achievements of messi and ronaldo then he will have to prove that he can match their relentless desire to score goals . ' chelsea fans show their appreciation for the belgium international at stamford bridge . former manchester united midfielder paul scholes ( right ) believes hazard needs to be more ruthless . nonetheless , scholes says he would vote for hazard as pfa player of the year ahead of tottenham striker harry kane - who has netted 30 goals in all competitions during his breakthrough season . manchester united goalkeeper david de gea , arsenal 's alexis sanchez , liverpool midfielder philippe coutinho and hazard 's team-mate diego costa are also in the running . ' my vote would go to hazard , ' scholes added . ' i prefer the attacking footballers – you would n't expect me to say otherwise – and hazard has been the best in that regard . ' not streets ahead of the likes of harry kane , and nothing like the wow-factor of those two big players at barcelona and real madrid . but hazard has made the difference in big games , like the one against manchester united . ' 