tattoo-loving soldiers in the u.s. army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs thanks to changing rules , officials announced wednesday . ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect . regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped , according to sergeant major of the army dan dailey . ' as long as it 's not visible in the army uniform…that 's the spirit of what we went after , ' dailey told the army times . army chief of staff gen. ray odierno announced policy change at the association of the united states army conference in huntsville , alabama . inked : tattoo-loving soldiers in the u.s. army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs thanks to changing rules , officials announced wednesday . an army spokeswoman said they will go into effect in the ' very near future . ' the changes came as a result of feedback from soldiers . but it was n't so long ago that the army made a much different announcement concerning its tattoo policy . highly unpopular regulations that went into effect in march 2014 banned tattoos below the knee or elbow . soldiers who already had the ink were grandfathered in . under those regulations , any soldier with tattoos was barred from seeking a promotion to warrant officer or commissioning as an officer . tattoos have long been a part of military culture , but as they have become more popular , and more prominently displayed on the body , the various branches have been regulating them in to try to maintain a professional look . ' society is changing its view of tattoos and we have to change along with that , ' odierno said . ' it makes sense . soldiers have grown up in an era when tattoos are much more acceptable and we have to change along with that . ' new rules : ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect . regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped , according to sergeant major of the army dan dailey .   