a teenager who fell ill with flu four months ago is unable to move her arms and legs and can barely eat or talk . doctors are still trying to find out what the future holds for 17-year-old natasha willard after she was diagnosed with inflammation of the brain when she fell ill while studying for her a-levels in cwmbran in wales . miss willard 's family are unsure how the teenager became ill so suddenly , just four days after she returned her feeling unwell . they are now trying to teach her to walk and talk again . natasha willard was studying for her a levels at college when she appeared to get the flu just before christmas and her condition has worsened , leaving her unable to move her limbs and barely able to speak . her stepmother kirsty willard said : ' the doctors are baffled , they do not know what happened . ' they have given her antibiotics and she is on steroids too . ' we are just left in limbo . the doctors have not said what the future holds ; they can not give us that information . ' natasha has been diagnosed with encephalitis , an inflammation of the brain . natasha appeared fit and well days before she came home ill , and appeared to quickly go down hill . mrs willard said doctors have told them they are unsure whether she will make progress , but have warned the family she is unlikely to fully return to herself . natasha , from cwmbran , was studying art and welsh in the sixth form at torfaen 's llantarnam school when she fell ill . encephalitis is an inflammation of the brain . symptoms include seizures , convulsions , tremors , hallucinations , stroke , haemorrhaging , and memory loss . encephalitis develops in reaction to a viral infection or when the body 's own immune system attacks brain tissue . the condition can also be caused by the immune system reacting to a tumour . around 4,000 people are diagnosed with encephalitis every year . some people make a full recovery from the condition but others can be left with permanent damage to the brain and complications including memory loss and epilepsy . she came home on december 5 after a night out with friends and went straight to bed . over the next few days miss willard started vomiting and had aches and pains , and her family presumed she had the flu . but on december 9 she collapsed and was mumbling and had to be taken to hospital . the teenager can not remember the first four weeks of her illness and was unresponsive for the first three . she was then transferred from university of wales hospital , cardiff , to rookwood hospital , also in cardiff , for intensive physiotherapy and speech therapy . ' she can say a few words , ' said mrs willard . ' she can say `` hi dad '' and `` hi kirsty . '' she can say her own name , and her brothers ' names , her sister 's name and she can say `` yeah . '' ' mrs willard said they are having to teach the 17-year-old everything from scratch , as if she is a child again . but , she adds that she has not complained about her condition . mrs willard , who works in a bar , said they are worried about the reaction of people when the teenager is discharged from hospital . ' i would hate to think her friends would see her in a wheelchair and abandon her , ' she said . miss willard ( left ) is pictured before her prom in 2014 and with her father robert ( right ) before she became ill . miss willard 's family have been told by doctors that they do not know if she will make a full recovery . november will be the teenager 's 18th birthday and her family are hoping she will be able to come home . the family have been raising funds to pay for their hospital visits and have collected £700 packing bags in cwmbran 's asda . ' we rely on lifts and buses , ' kirsty said . ' we do n't want to put too much on our families . when we take the kids it costs £17.10 . ' without the kids it is still £8 each . ' 