hillary clinton 's most trusted – and most controversial – campaign aide turned up on wednesday near des moines , iowa , where the former secretary of state sat for her second staged ' roundtable ' discussion in as many days . abedin had last surfaced on monday at an ohio chipotle restaurant when she and clinton popped in , both wearing sunglasses , for lunch . on tuesday she was photographed leaving a norwalk , iowa fruit processing company and walking toward ' scooby , ' the now-famous customized black van that secret service agents have driven more than 1,000 miles since sunday . huma , sans burrito : abedin left capital city fruit in norwalk , iowa on wednesday ahead of hillary clinton , and headed toward the campaign van that aides have nicknamed ' scooby ' . stylish : human sported a louis vuitton bag and walked alongside an unidentified campaign staffer . all done ! clinton had just finished a limited-access ' roundtable ' discussion on small business issues . abedin has known clinton since 1996 , when she scored a white house internship working for the then-first lady . in 2008 clinton tapped her to be her ' body woman ' when she ran for president the first time . she shadowed hillary everywhere and anticipated her every need – from food orders and dry cleaning to lint rollers and cosmetic touch-ups . when clinton became secretary of state a year later , abedin became her deputy chief of staff . it was there that she became linked to most recent in a series of scandals that clinton will carry as heavy baggage whiel she runs for the white house . daily mail online confirmed in march that abedin had a personal email address on clinton 's home-brew server , the same piece of hardware that stored clinton 's communications from her tenure at state until she deleted more than 32,000 of the records . abedin ( left ) , shown with then-secretary of state clinton during a 2010 diplomatic meeting in vietnam , was her deputy chief of staff . spotted : hillary and huma order at chipotle in maumee , ohio , at lunchtime on tuesday – the first time they had been seen all day . but nobody in the restaurant recognized them during their 45-minute meal . abedin keeps a low profile , a choice that a democratic party insider said is the product of two problems . ' first , you never want to be more famous than your boss , ' the source explained on wednesday . ' and then there 's the weiner problem . ' abedin is married to disgraced former new york democratic congressman anthony weiner , whose spectacular fall from grace came after he was exposed for sending lurid twitter messages to women – including one of his barely covered genitalia . she stood by him through the embarrassment and through his resignation from congress . weiner ran for mayor of new york city last year , only to see his stock tumble with a second round of sexting allegations , this time confirmed by the woman he was exchanging racy messages with . ' scooby ' is a customized and armored chevy van that clinton and her top staffers occupied during a 1,000-mile trip from new york to iowa this week . email-gate : abedin had an email address on the former secretary of state 's private server , judging from records maintained by lexis-nexis . abedin and weiner have a 2-year-old child together . after she returned from maternity leave in june 2012 , the state department made a special accommodation for her that is now the subject of an inspector general accommodation . abedin was permitted to shift her employment classification from ' employee ' to ' special government employee , ' a perk that allowed her to have a second income while drawing a government salary . that moonlight gig was at teneo holdings , a corporate consulting firm founded by doug band , a longtime bill clinton confidant . the state department paid abedin $ 135,000 per year to work part-time from her new york city home . teneo paid her an additional $ 355,000 via an annual contract . the whopping combined income helped her household stay financially afloat in the wake of weiner 's resignation , and his loss of a congressional salary .