ryan bertrand believes he deserves to be higher up the england pecking order and has pledged to prove his worth to manager roy hodgson . the 25-year-old has been one of the standout performers for southampton , where the left-back moved permanently earlier in the year having impressed on loan from chelsea . bertrand has attracted plenty of plaudits for his displays at st mary 's , yet struggled to gain the international recognition many of his colleagues have received . ryan bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to roy hodgson 's england squad last month . a call-up had been predicted for england 's internationals against lithuania and italy last month , yet hodgson plumped for leighton baines , kieran gibbs and luke shaw . danny rose was then preferred when shaw pulled out , only for bertrand to get the nod once the tottenham full-back and then baines dropped out . it meant the saints left-back travelled to italy and eventually played the final few minutes of the 1-1 draw in turin , with his third england cap a peculiar end to the international break . ' it was different , ' he said , smiling . ' the international break changed from one extreme to the next , but it was good to get back in the frame and get back in the door . ' it was good to get on the pitch , even though it was very brief . ' when you actually sit there , it hits you that all them years you spent as a kid watching football games , the england games were always the biggest . bertrand slides in to challenge everton midfielder james mccarthy earlier this month . ' to finally sit there and be part of it and wear the actual kit and everything , knowing the whole country is cheering you on is fantastic . ' england are , in fairness , blessed with strength impressive depth at left-back , with west ham 's aaron cresswell another arguably worthy of a call-up . bertrand appreciates that breadth of options , but hopes to prove to hodgson that he deserves to be further up the pecking order . ' you know , it 's down to ( the manager ) , ' he said . ' whoever he wants to pick , it is his decision . ' i 'll just concentrate on my game . i 'm confident enough to know that i should be in there , but i do n't pick the team so i 'll just keep playing . ' bertrand was one of three southampton players in action that night in turin , with nathaniel clyne starting at right-back for england and graziano pelle leading the line for italy . bertrand made his move to southampton from chelsea permanent in january after impressing on loan . the 29-year-old striker showed no ill-effects of the scoring drought at club level , glancing the azzurri ahead at the juventus stadium - a goal the striker followed up with a first premier league strike since december 20 in saturday 's 2-0 defeat of hull . ' i was just thinking it is typical - anyone , anyone but him , ' bertrand said , laughing . ' it was good for him to get a goal . ' the fans have been very supportive , i think . every week , even when we 're warming up , you can hear them cheering him on . ' there 's never been any criticism and he has finally broke his duck and got his goal , so hopefully that just continues now . '