the federal government is looking to take a hard line with parents who choose not to vaccinate their children . under ground breaking reforms , social services minister scott morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who do n't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits , including $ 726 from family tax benefit a , $ 7,500-a-year from childcare rebate and $ 200-a-week from the childcare benefit scheme . scroll down for video . the government are about to annouce reforms that will strip parents of welfare benefits if they do n't immunise their kids . newscorp reported that prime minister tony abbott will announce the reforms alongside mr morrison on sunday with the changes coming into full effect in january 2016 . the controversial change could put millions of dollars back into the federal government 's pocket . the way the system works now , children must be immunised to access childcare payments , however , a ' contentious loop hole ' means parents can avoid loosing their benefits by simply signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on ' personal , philosophical or religious ' reasons . mr morrison recently said the rules around welfare payments need to be ' tightened ' and that while immunising children against deadly diseases protects the wider society , it should be a prerequisite to receive tax payer money . ' we 've got to think about the health and well-being of all the other children that are put at risk , and it 's their health that also matters ' . ' we 've got to think about the health and well-being of all the other children that are put at risk , and it 's their health that also matters , ' he said . ' and in fact , you know , those parents have taken decisions to immunise their children , and that 's obviously the sensible thing to do . we 're a free country , and we 're for free society , but that does n't mean you get to take taxpayers ' money if you do n't want to go along with the rules . ' while doctors and pro-vaccination groups are tipped to welcome the reforms as a way to increase the number of children being vaccinated , some immunisation experts are worried the move wo n't bolster immunisation rates . currently around 39,000 children under the age of seven are not vaccinated . currently around 39,000 australian children under the age of seven are not vaccinated putting them at risk of catching severe diseases . labor leader bill shorten 's support will be vital to get the changes through the senate however he has already indicated there will be bipartisan support for the harsh provisions . he reportedly wrote to the prime minister on friday expressing his concerns over the loophole . riley hughes died at just 32 days old after suffering complications arising from whooping cough . these reforms come amid rising concerns about whooping cough outbreaks that have devastated small communities where many children remain unvaccinated . the heartbroken parents of a beautiful four-week-old baby boy who died after contracting whooping cough have appealed to other parents to make sure they get themselves and their children immunised against the deadly disease . greg and catherine hughes , from perth , set up a facebook page to honour their son riley hughes after he ' passed away peacefully in the arms of his mummy and daddy ' at 2pm on march 17 , aged just 32 days . ' our greatest desire out of our own personal tragedy is to stop parents from having to endure the heartache of preventable childhood deaths , ' riley 's dad greg wrote on the facebook page light for riley . the newborn , born on february 13 , died in perth 's princess margaret hospital as a result of pneumonia-based complications arising from whooping cough . whooping cough is part of the routine vaccination schedule for babies at two months , four months and six months of age . booster doses are given at 4 years and 10-15 years . the reforms come amid rising concerns about whooping cough outbreaks that have devastated small communities where many children remain unvaccinated . infectious diseases expert at anu medical school canberra , sanjaya senanayake , told daily mail australia : ' from my point of view immunisation is wonderful particularly for whooping cough . ' he explained infants are ' at a high risk of dying if they get infected ' and that the death rate from whooping cough in infants under 6 months of age is about 1 per cent . the department of health said vaccinations protect more than 95 per cent of children from measles , mumps , rubella , tetanus , polio and hib , given they finish their courses . ' one dose of meningococcal c vaccine at 12 months protects over 90 per cent of children . three doses of whooping cough ( pertussis ) vaccine protects about 85 per cent of children who have been immunised , and will reduce the severity of the disease in the other 15 per cent if they do catch whooping cough . ' 