barcelona striker luis suarez has admitted he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside lionel messi and neymar when he joined the club . the uruguayan , who arrived under a cloud following his ban for biting at last year 's world cup , has made a rapid adjustment to life at the catalan club - scoring vital goals to help put them on course for a treble . barca face paris saint-germain on tuesday looking to book a place in the champions league semi-finals with a 3-1 lead from the first leg in which suarez struck twice . luis suarez ( second left ) admits he was nervous at playing alongside lionel messi and neymar at barcelona . neymar ( back left ) and messi ( right ) formed a devastating partnership in attack for barca last season . suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions but most importantly he has found the net in key games . he got the winner in the el clasico against real madrid last month and struck twice in the first leg against manchester city in the champions league last 16 . despite scoring 31 goals for liverpool in the premier league last season , the prospect of proving himself in barca 's vaunted attack was intimidating . ' when i arrived i was timid with messi and neymar but they just said to me to play as i had done at liverpool . now i feel fine off and on the pitch and we have a good time together , ' suarez told a news conference on monday . suarez said he has concentrated on being level-headed and that his team mates have helped him fit in at the club . suarez ( centre ) has scored 19 goals in all competitions for barcelona since joining the club this season . barcelona are hoping to reach the champions league semi-finals on tuesday when they face psg . barcelona take a 3-1 advantage into their second leg encounter at the nou camp on tuesday night . catalan giants undergo a keep ball exercise during monday 's training session at their joan gamper base . marc-andre ter stegen is likely to start in goal for barca - as he has for their nine european ties this term . ' i always have gone out to try and do well and i did n't listen when it was said that i was the best in the world or the worst . i am very self-critical and i carry myself the same , ' suarez said . ' when things were not going well for me i was grateful for the support of people close to me . the players always were behind me and so was the coach . ' at the moment i feel that i am helping the team with goals and assists but as long as the team is doing well then i am happy as well . it is not important who scores as long as the team progresses . ' suarez ( left ) scores his second goal of the night as barcelona go 3-0 against psg on april 15 .