sean donohoe , 30 , from wilnecote , tamworth , plundered a pensioner 's life savings , blowing £28,500 on shopping sprees and lavish meals out . a crooked builder befriended a widowed pensioner so he could fritter away her £28,500 life savings on shopping sprees and lavish meals out . sean donohoe , 30 , from wilnecote , tamworth , plundered the elderly woman 's accounts before spending tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the snowdome and in shops such as argos and hmv . he even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits , before secretly taking out two life insurance policies , both of which named him as the beneficiary . the builder has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud and theft . sentencing him at birmingham crown court , the judge said donohoe abused the woman 's trust in ' every conceivable way ' . judge francis laird qc said : ' you befriended her , you became a close friend and confidante . because of your behaviour towards her she absolutely trusted you with her financial affairs . ' you abused that trust . you did so in every conceivable way . she effectively handed over her money to you . you were not a financial advisor . ' however she was an elderly lady , a widow , alone and highly vulnerable to a dishonest individual such as yourself . ' the court was told how donohoe had first befriended the woman when he carried out work on her property in tyseley in 2007 . by january 2011 , he had started controlling the woman 's finances . during that time , he applied for credit cards in her name and also ran up huge debts . the court heard how the victim also changed her will twice during donohoe 's two-year scam , leaving everything to the defendant . but the widow was unaware that donohoe had taken out the life insurance policies . lal amarasinghe , prosecuting , said donohoe used the money on trips to the snowdome as well as on meals and at shops . but department of work and pensions checks soon discovered that the woman 's accounts were overdrawn , prompting social services to become involved . a judge at birmingham crown court ( pictured ) said donohoe abused the woman 's trust ' in every conceivable way ' . the builder has now been jailed for 21 months , after admitting theft and fraud . it led to donohoe being arrested . police found him in possession of four credit cards , as well as a raft of documentation , in the widow 's name . in a statement after the case , the victim said : ' i thought he was a good person but i was wrong . as a result of what sean did to me i was left with no money and worried about paying my bills months after . i am still shocked and upset that he stole thousands of pounds . ' nicholas berry , defending , said donohoe was suffering from anxiety and depression after the break-up of a previous relationship and had got into a financial troubles through gambling . ' he was spiralling into debt and owed his father a lot of money . at that time , quite clearly , he saw the opportunity to fleece the victim in an appalling manner , ' he said .