these images capture to work of japan 's ' lonely death ' squads , who specialise is clearing out the properties of elderly people who die alone and go unnoticed by their families for weeks or months . taken in the capital tokyo , the images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where the lonely victims spent their final days . although police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies , the majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life - including unwashed dinner plates , unopened letters and calenders several years out of date . scroll down for video . saddest job : taken in tokyo , the images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days . steam-clean : a worker for special cleaning makes uses insecticides smoke to kill flies in a rubbish-filled flat in tokyo . grim : hundreds of flies are seen at a rubbish-filled flat in tokyo where the body of an 85 year-old man was left for over a month . treated with respect : hirotsugu masuda prays before entering the tokyo flat where an 85 year-old man lay dead for over a month . dirty : a filthy bathtub and toilet are seen the tokyo flat . specialist clean-up crews are on hand to cleanse these ' lonely death ' apartments . lonely death : thankfully , police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies before the cleaning teams arrive . in march , the body of an elderly man was found on the floor of his apartment in downtown tokyo . he had been dead for a month . neighbours had n't noticed the octogenarian 's absence . his bank made the rent payments on time , his family did n't visit , and the only reason for the body 's discovery was the slight smell that troubled the tenant in the flat below . in rapidly ageing japan , more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million where one in four people is over 65 . looser family bonds also play a role in their isolation . for these so-called ' lonely deaths ' , families and landlords in tokyo are increasingly turning to hirotsugu masuda and his clean-up crew to salvage apartments where the occupant 's body lay undiscovered for days or weeks . ' this has started becoming a bit more common in the world and it 's become more recognized that there 's this sort of job , ' said masuda , whose services are required 3-4 times a week in summer when bodies decompose faster . unwanted : a watch and letters are left discarded at a flat in tokyo where a body of an 85 year-old man was left for over a month . filthy : the majority of the houses are still littered with unwashed dinner plates , unopened letters and calenders several years out of date . packing it up : workers for special cleaning put rubbish into a plastic bags at a rubbish-filled flat in tokyo . a packet of condoms are seen discarded among other rubbish in a flat in tokyo where an elderly man lay dead for over a month . hirotsugu masuda , a worker for special cleaning , checks belongings for documents to protect the owners family from identity theft . cleaning away the past : a worker for a special cleaning team sweeps tatami flooring mats at the flat in tokyo last month . in march , the body of an elderly man was found on the floor of this apartment in downtown tokyo . he had been dead for a month . when masuda 's team turns up at the tokyo apartment , police have taken away the corpse but body fluids have seeped into the floor . flies buzz around a cooker filled with rice . old calendars and papers are strewn in rooms untouched for years . workers wearing protective gear spray the apartment with insect repellent , using gloved hands to pack the trash in boxes . the six-hour exercise is conducted discreetly to avoid upsetting the neighbours . the crew tells onlookers they are moving house . when they are done , incense and flowers are placed where the body was , with the man 's photo put where his head had been . masuda 's firm works almost exclusively with ' lonely deaths ' , charging between £450 and £2,000 depending on apartment size . abandoned : neighbours had n't noticed the octogenarian 's absence . his bank made the rent payments on time , his family did n't visit , and the only reason for the body 's discovery was the slight smell that troubled the tenant in the flat below . taking the items away : a special cleaning worker loads a van with rubbish from a flat in tokyo . saying a prayer : in rapidly ageing japan , more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million where one in four people is over 65 . looser family bonds also play a role in their isolation . special cleaning workers and 77-year-old flat landlord yoshie fukuhara ( right ) check belongings for documents . flat landlord yoshie fukuhara , 77 , lays flowers as she prays at the spot where the body of an 85 year-old man was left for over a month . farewell : for these so-called ' lonely deaths ' , families and landlords in tokyo are increasingly turning to hirotsugu masuda and his clean-up crew to salvage apartments where the occupant 's body lay undiscovered for days or weeks . in a country where around five million elderly people live alone , the number of decaying bodies found in empty homes is expected to soar . data shows victims are more likely to be male . ' there 's likely 40,000 of these cases and we think that in 10 years , it 's likely to go over 100,000 cases , ' said hideto kone , an ngo official working on such cases . victims forgotten by families are not given a funeral and their remains are interred in unmarked graves . yoshie fukukara , landlord of the apartment where the tenant was found dead , still finds it hard to believe . ' i did n't think it would happen here , ' the 77-year-old said .