with seven gold medals , two olympic games , an obe and a stint in the i 'm a celebrity ! get me out of here jungle under her belt , there 's not much that phases former olympic swimming champion rebecca adlington . but at eight months pregnant with her first child , the 26-year-old has revealed being an expectant mum has been one of her toughest roles of her life so far . in an interview in the sunday mirror the gold medal winning athlete says the extra pounds she gained in the early stages of her pregnancy were hard to deal with , especially as she did n't even look pregnant and was used to being in charge of her body . scroll down for video . eight months pregnant rebecca adlington ca n't wait to ' feel myself again ' after her daughter is born . rebecca and husband harry needs last month , left , and in december 2014 at the start of her first pregnancy . rebecca has been swimming and going to the gym to keep fit during pregnancy , instagramming her progress . she says : ' i put on a stone and could no longer fit in my clothes , but i was n't ready for maternity stuff . i did n't feel good about myself . ' rebecca married fellow swimmer harry needs , 23 , in september 2014 and discovered she was pregnant soon after their honeymoon . having lost 21lbs after appearing in itv 's i 'm a celebrity ! get me out of here in december 2013 by avoiding carbohydrates , rebecca , who is expecting a baby girl , says she 's now ' craving stodge ' . she also revealed she ca n't wait for her pregnancy to finish and is fed up of becoming breathless walking up a flight of stairs . she said : ' i 'm over it . i do n't want her to arrive yet because it 's not time , but it 's dragged a lot . i want to get back in shape and feel like myself again . ' olympic gold medalist rebecca adlington on holiday in dubai with husband harry earlier in the pregnancy . with a family history of miscarriage , rebecca says she has been especially careful throughout her pregnancy , and has been swimming and going to the gym to keep fit . her daughter is due on june 4 and she is planning a water birth , which she believes is ' logical ' given that the baby is in water now . she said : ' it 's better for me to be relaxed . plus i 'm used to being in water . the one thing i 've said is , harry 's not coming in the pool with me - it 's my space . ' and with her best friend 's wedding , at which she will be bridesmaid , in august she is determined to get back her pre-baby figure as soon as possible . rebecca shares the record for great britain 's most decorated female olympian after winning two gold medals in beijing in 2008 and two bronzes at london 2012 . after retiring from competitive swimming in february 2013 rebecca now runs becky adlington 's swim stars , a swimming academy which runs across the uk teaching kids aged three to 11 . rebecca with her bronze medal in the women 's 400m freestyle at the 2012 olympics in london . 