a convicted murderer who escaped prison by beating a guard unconscious and stealing his uniform , keys and suv has been captured in chicago , ending a nearly three-day manhunt . kamron taylor was caught in south side , chicago , with a loaded gun on friday night after police received a tip off describing a man with the name ' gertrude ' tattooed to his neck . officers chased taylor three blocks before he was apprehended . he is being held on weapons charges until he can be turned over to the kankakee county sheriff 's office , chicago police said . scroll down for video . recaptured : kamron taylor is in custody after breaking free from jail by beating a guard unconscious and fleeing in his uniform . he had been waiting to be sentenced after a judge convicted him of murder . fears : it was feared taylor planned to hunt down the family of his victim , nelson williams jr . in february , he shouted at the family , ' i 'm going to get you mother******* ' ( pictured ) . disguised : he was captured on a surveillance camera fleeing the kankakee jail dressed in a guard 's uniform . ' i think i can speak for ... everyone who 's been involved : tired , i guess is the word , ' kankakee county sheriff timothy bukowski told reporters saturday in summing up the frenzied search . taylor had been awaiting sentencing at jerome combs detention center in kankakee , illinois , for the murder of nelson williams jr . but on tuesday he attacked a guard and fled in disguise . it came just days after he shouted at the victim 's family in court : ' i 'm going to get you mother******* . ' ' as i go home every night , i figure he might ambush me like he did my son , ' the victim 's father , nelson williams sr , told wls-tv on thursday . taylor , who has a history of escape attempts , fled from the jerome combs detention center in kankakee at about 3am wednesday . he somehow escaped from his cell , hid inside the facility , then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds , said kankakee county sheriff timothy bukowski . escaped : the 23-year-old taylor was awaiting sentencing for the june 2013 murder of nelson williams jr , 21 ( right ) , when authorities say he beat a guard unconscious , took his keys and uniform and sped off in his suv . taylor , a 23-year-old from kankakee , is considered armed and dangerous , the sheriff said . he was convicted of first-degree murder in february in the june 2013 death of nelson williams jr , 21 , and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison . sheriff 's officials believe someone may be helping taylor hide . they warned the public that harboring a fugitive is a criminal offense that will be prosecuted . a $ 7,500 reward is now being offered for information leading to taylor 's arrest . twenty-eight officers have fanned out across the county , searching dozens of residences with the help of dogs and surveillance helicopters above . analysts from the illinois state police have been mapping out lists of taylor 's relatives and associates , examining his past phone conversations and jail visitation records to help lead investigators to probable locations where the fugitive might be hiding out . as of friday morning , officers armed with rifles have searched about 50 home in eastern illinois . bukowski said investigators were also considering the possibility that taylor could have fled elsewhere . besides hunting him down , investigators were eager to determine how taylor got free in what was the first successful escape from the decade-old lockup housing about 450 detainees . ' the speculation on my part is somebody did n't do their job properly , ' bukowski said . after getting free of his two-man cell in a lockdown unit , where he has been awaiting sentencing , taylor hid out and attacked the guard , a military veteran with 10 years of correctional experience , bukowski said . by wearing the guard 's uniform , taylor was able to fool other guards in a master control room who opened three sets of doors for him after visual verification by surveillance video , bukowski said . wanted : a $ 1,000 reward is being offered by police for any information that leads to taylor 's capture . dangerous : a woman rushes to her car in kankakee , ill. , wednesday , april 1 , 2015 , after being told by police that officers were searching in the area for prison escapee kamron t. taylor . following the trail : police approach a vehicle with guns drawn that convicted murderer kamron t. taylor stole during his escape . once outside , the suspect repeatedly pressed the guard 's key fob to locate his chevrolet equinox in a parking lot and drive away . authorities did n't learn of the escape until about 30 minutes later , when jail staff found the wounded officer , who is hospitalized in intensive care with head wounds . ' he was in and out of consciousness , unable to understand the questions that were given to him , ' bukowski said of the guard at a news conference . a few hours after sunrise , officers found the abandoned suv in a residential area of kankakee and approached the vehicle with their guns drawn . but taylor was nowhere to be found and it was n't clear whether he fled on foot or someone picked him up in another vehicle , the sheriff said . safe and well : authorities say they 've found a 15-year-old girl , savannah bell , who they had thought to be in the company of convicted murderer who escaped from jail . at one point wednesday , authorities issued an alert for a 15-year-old girl , savannah bell , who they believed was with taylor . illinois state police later announced the girl had been found , but did not say where or how officials found her or whether she had been with taylor . jail staffing levels and procedures will be re-examined , but bukowski said taylor 's history of violence and previous escape attempts did n't necessarily single him out for stricter security measures . ' it raises an alert , i guess , ' he said . ' but you figure the people that are locked up in our facility are n't altar boys and you take certain precautions for all of them . and you ca n't become complacent with anybody ... especially a murderer . ' bukowski told reporters that the detention center has lost between 15 and 20 per cent of its staff , forcing guards to work extra hours in a change that he said did not go unnoticed by the 450 inmates . asked whether he thought staffing at the jail was adequate , bukowski told reporters he would like to see the levels that pre-dated the budget cuts , acknowledging that guards working overtime ' get tired and they start to make mistakes . ' ' the inmates could see them working a double shift and see that they were tired , ' he said . ' so all those factors contribute to what 's going on . ' he said budget cuts also got in the way of planned security enhancements , but he refused to go into specifics on that or precise staffing numbers , saying ' the inmates already know too much . ' during his trial in february , taylor tried to escape from the courthouse minutes after hearing the guilty verdict . several sheriff 's deputies and bailiffs wrestled him to the ground , and taylor shouted expletives at the gallery as they led him away , according to a report in the ( kankakee ) daily journal . he also escaped briefly after his arrest in 2013 but was detained several blocks away , the newspaper reported at the time . taylor was found guilty of the june 2013 shooting death of 21-year-old nelson williams jr. during a botched robbery at williams ' home in kankakee . online court records show his sentencing is scheduled for may 11 .