a new jersey woman convicted of killing her husband and hiding his remains in storage containers wept in court wednesday as a judge sentenced her to 55 years in prison after comparing the grisly murder to al capone’s st valentine’s day massacre . loretta burroughs , 63 , sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband , danny , talked about the horror of losing him and finding out that she chopped up his body and took his remains with her when she moved . mrs burroughs was arrested in may 2013 after danny burroughs ' body parts were found inside the guest bedroom closet of the ventnor home she was moving out of . scroll down for video . crocodile tears : loretta burroughs , 63 , pictured in wiping away tears in new jersey superior court in mays landing wednesday , was sentenced to 55 years in prison for the murder and dismemberment of her husband . victim : daniel burroughs was missing for six years before his chopped up remains were found at his wife 's home in ventnor , new jersey , in 2013 . grief : raymond wantorcik , brother of murder victim danny burroughs , refers to a photo of the pair stating ' this is my best friend ... i wo n't smile like that anymore ' during the sentencing of loretta burroughs . she had told family and friends that he had left her for another woman shortly before the couple was due to move to florida in august 2007 . investigators testified that the containers were each wrapped in nine trash bags , with air fresheners , dryer sheets and scented beads to mask the smell . they began re-examining the case after a family member provided new information to the new cold-case unit of the atlantic county prosecutor 's office in february 2013 . loretta burroughs said in addressing the court that the killing was n't planned . but friends had said she did n't want to move to florida , which was her husband 's idea , and that was her motive for killing him . in sentencing her , judge michael donlo said , ‘ this court has not seen anything so brutal and heinous as this since al capone ordered the st. valentine 's day massacre . ’ the notorious prohibition-era gangster was believed to be behind the slayings of seven people in chicago on february 14 , 1929 , by hired killers dressed as policemen . shaking his head at the defendant , judge donlo marveled that she had murdered her husband just so she would n't have to relocate to the sunshine state . ' wait until you see now where you 're going to go , ' he told her , according to press of atlantic city . loretta burroughs was found guilty last month of first-degree murder for stabbing her husband to death , dismembering him with a knife and a saw , packing the body parts into plastic containers , and dragging them with her as she moved three times in six years . graphic : the jury was shown how the dead man 's remains had been systematically taken apart . loretta was about to move for a fourth time on may 17 , 2013 , from ventnor , new jersey , to villas , new jersey , when authorities arrived at the door of her new home with a search warrant . they were investigating her for fraud in relation to the disappearance of her husband , daniel s. burroughs , 63 , who was reported missing on september 1 , 2007 . guilty : loretta burroughs , 63 , murdered and cut up her husband then hid the body for six years . ' she asked if we were also searching the ventnor house , ' testified sgt . lynn dougherty of the atlantic county prosecutor 's office . when told that they were , loretta 's physical demeanor ' changed completely . her whole body sunk . she lost the color in her face , she was wringing her hands , very nervous . ' in the guest bedroom closet of loretta 's ventnor home , detective caroline macdonald of the atlantic county prosecutor 's office discovered two large boxes wrapped in multiple plastic garbage bags . as she started to open the bags , she smelled the distinct odor of decomposition and called the medical examiner . the boxes were transported to the morgue . dr charles f siebert jr , a forensic pathologist , began opening the boxes . both were surrounded by nine layers of plastic bags in alternating directions , siebert testified . he also found dryer sheets , air fresheners , and scented beads to mask the odor of death . inside the first container , siebert testified , he found a woman 's handbag . ' i described it as olive but i did n't know the color , because it had been sitting in decomposition fluid , ' he said . inside the handbag were a ' cranium and mandible ' — a skull and jawbone . the second , larger plastic container contained more bones , including the left upper arm and lower legs . gruesome : a woman 's handbag , soaked in decomposition fluid , was found in one of the plastic totes . it contained the victim 's skull and jawbone . siebert testified that he saw cut marks on the ribs that were consistent with stab wounds . he determined that the person had died by homicide . dr stuart alexander , a forensic odontologist , or dentist , from cranbury , testified that he positively identified the remains in the plastic tote as being daniel burroughs . alexander compared burroughs ' dental records to the teeth in the skull . donna fontana , a forensic anthropologist with the new jersey state police , testified about the condition of the bones in the boxes . ' there was no gnawing from animals and no bleaching of the bones , ' she said . ' that means the bones were in a protected environment , with no sun exposure , and not exposed to the environment where they were attacked by animals . ' fontana then used a replica of a human skeleton and photographs to explain to the jury what had happened to the bones . she said the right tibia , which is the large bone of the lower leg , had been cut with a knife and a saw . because the cut edge was the same color of the bone , she said it had been sawed at the time of death . several vertebrae were missing , and others showed signs of trauma , including ' linear cuts as if produced by a knife . ' demonstration : donna fontana , forensic anthropologist with the new jersey state police , uses a replica skeleton to show the jury where the bones of the victim 's leg had been sawed . forensic anthropologist donna fontana testified that all the wounds to the victim 's ribs were made with a knife . the third rib on the left side was completely fractured . fontana testified that several of the body 's 24 ribs were also missing . of the ribs that showed trauma , the injuries were consistent with knife wounds . one was completely fractured . ' there is a pattern of dismemberment , ' fontana testified . dismemberment , she explained , is usually done ' to hinder identification and for ease of transport . ' chief assistant prosecutor seth levy argued that loretta burroughs murdered her husband , danny burroughs , for money . danny disappeared on august 3 , 2007 . a few days later , loretta told friends and family that he had left her . she said he drove off with a younger woman in a yellow hummer with florida license plates . in reality , the prosecutor said , loretta had killed him , and her gruesome plot had begun months before the murder . loretta worked at the mey house assisted living facility in egg harbor township , now called somers place . in early june 2007 , she asked attorney enid hyberg , whose mother was in mey house , to draft a power of attorney . loretta told the attorney that she and her husband were selling their home , but danny was going out of town . with the power of attorney , loretta could complete the sale . hyberg drafted the document . she did not charge loretta , ' in gratitude for the attention she was paying my mother , ' hyberg testified . a power of attorney needs to be notarized . in june 2007 , loretta asked edward t. dwyer , whose mother was also in the mey house assisted living facility , if he knew anyone who could notarize it . ' she said her husband had left her , the house was sold , but the deal was n't finished because he left , ' dwyer testified . ' i agreed to help her out , ' he said . ' she was overly good and generous with my mother . ' in june 2007 , dwyer asked his sister-in-law to notarize the power of attorney . although danny burroughs was supposed to sign the document , he did not . instead , the prosecutor said , loretta signed danny 's name to it . loss : ray wantorcik had to sit through the trial but said he believed the graphic images of his brother 's remains were what had convinced jurors of his sister-in-law 's guilt . ray wantorcik , right , was finally able to hold a memorial for danny burroughs on may 10 , 2014 , almost seven years after he reported his brother missing . ' my brother won this case for himself , ' ray said . nicole didomizio , loretta 's daughter by another man , testified that her mother frequently signed danny burroughs ' name . in fact , she saw her do it between four and six times . after danny 's death , the prosecutor said , loretta used the forged document to sell their home . the profit was $ 77,101 . but the money was locked up in escrow , and danny was entitled to at least half of it . ' she ca n't get the money if she is married , ' levy , the prosecutor , said . ' but she can get it if she is divorced . ' loretta filed for divorce on february 28 , 2009 , 18 months after she killed her husband . she told her divorce attorney , daniel alsofrom of northfield , nj , that her husband had moved to florida and did not give an address . alsofrom published a notice of her divorce complaint in the press of atlantic city . loretta received half of the money when she filed for divorce , and the other half when the divorce was finalized , alsofrom testified . as a result , the prosecutor said , between the profit from the house , and selling danny 's possessions , such as his tools and his collection of remote controlled model airplanes , loretta received close to $ 100,000 . ' the defendant has gotten away with it for over eight years , with nothing left but the bones , ' levy said in his closing statement . ' the story ends with the defendant being $ 100,000 richer and danny burroughs in the defendant 's closet . '