in 2011 the unmanned dawn spacecraft became humanity’s first ever emissary to the huge asteroid vesta , which resides in the asteroid belt between mars and jupiter . and using images collected by the spacecraft , nasa has unveiled an interactive tool that lets you explore this world . using the map you can see a huge amount of features on vesta , from craters to the amount of sunlight hitting the surface - and switching to ‘3d mode’ also lets you fly around like you were in your own spacecraft . called vesta trek , the interactive programme lets you explore massive craters on the body - which has no atmosphere , and thus no protection like our own earth . vesta , discovered in 1807 , is the second most massive body in the asteroid belt after the dwarf planet ceres - which dawn has now travelled to . it completes a rotation every five hours and 18 minutes , with a temperature ranging from -3°c ( 27°f ) to -188°c ( -306°f ) . some meteorites on earth have been found to originate from places like vesta . as you explore the asteroid , you will come across various ‘troughs’ - areas where the ground sinks away . the largest of these is up to 12 miles ( 20km ) wide and 289 miles ( 465km ) long , similar in size to the grand canyon on earth . elsehwere there are craters , hills and mountains on the surface , most formed by impacts . on the map you can switch between three main views - over the north pole , a global view or looking down onto the south pole . various tools also let you find out more information about the asteroid . you can draw lines on the surface to see elevation levels , place a pin to see how the angle of the sun changes at a location over time , or even draw a box to generate files to use with a 3d printer . there’s also an option to 3d print an entire model of vesta . nasa scientists in california have revealed an interactive 3d map for vesta ( shown ) using images from the dawn spacecraft . the map lets you see features on the surface including craters , hills , mountains and even ' canyons ' . you can also measure elevation changes on the surface and see different measurement data . and a ' gaming mode ' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard 's arrow keys . in the bottom right of the map is a scale , where you can change the units of measurement by clicking . aside from using imperial and metric units of measurement - kilometres and miles - it also lets you measure distances in golden gate bridges , football fields and school buses . various data can also be overlayed on the map , such as the amount of iron or hydrogen in certain regions . the dawn spacecraft spent a year , from 2011 to 2012 , mapping and exploring vesta . it is so large compared to other asteroids that is sometimes referred to as a minor planet . the spacecraft is now orbiting the dwarf planet ceres , and over the next few months will be spiraling down closer and closer to image more of it . you can draw lines on the surface to see elevation levels ( shown ) , place a pin to see how the angle of the sun changes at a location over time , or even draw a box to generate files to use with a 3d printer . the dawn spacecraft spent a year , from 2011 to 2012 , mapping and exploring vesta ( illustration shown ) . it is so large compared to other asteroids that is sometimes referred to as a minor planet .