the distinctive patterns on butterfly wings really do help protect the insects by mimicking the eyes of predators . while scientists have long suspected the role played by eye-spots found on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry , it has never been clearly tested . recently researchers suggested that the eye spots may simply scare away predators by confusing them or overloading their senses . owl butterflies ( left ) have eye spots that mimic those of pigmy owls ( right ) to scare off predators like great tits . while scientists have long suspected the role played by eye-spots found on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry , it has never been clearly tested . but a new piece of research by biologists at jyväskylä university in finland claims to have settled the debate . they say that eye-spots on the wings of butterflies do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species , like owls . having bright colours and distinguishing features is a common way for insects to scare away predators like birds . often they help to lure them away from vital body parts or confuse them . however , this only works on predators that hunt using sight while bats tend to be immune to such devices . now scientists have found that a moth has an unusual evolutionary adaptation that allows it to confuse the ultrasound used by bats . the luna moth has two tails that extend for more than an inch beyond its body . scientists in the us showed that these appendages produce a confusing acoustic signature in the bats echolocation . it makes the bats target the end of the tails rather than the moth itself . this helps to keep other birds that might normally eat the insects away . the team were finally able to test the theory by showing great tits pictures of owl butterflies that had been digitally altered , and watching their reaction . images where the eye spots had been removed from the butterfly wings did not stop the birds from snatching a mealworm snack below the picture . however , when pictures that had not been digitally altered flashed on the screen , the birds were more weary . and the researchers found the butterfly eye spots may even be more terrifying to the great tits than the real animal they are mimicking . when shown pictures of a pygmy owl with its eyes open the tits reacted strongly and kept away , but their reaction was not as strong as with the butterfly markings . writing in the journal proceedings of the royal society b , dr johanna mappes and her colleagues said : ' in this study , the presumed model - owl eyes - and the mimic eyespots appeared to elicit similar reactions both in terms of response type - interest versus aversion - and its intensity - startle versus flee - adding support to the eye-mimicry hypothesis . the researchers flashed up digitally manipulated images of an owls face and the owl butterfly to see how great tits reacted . in some images they removed the owls eyes ( far left ) or removed the eye spots ( far right ) . eye spots are a common feature on butterfly wings , like the bycyclus anyana butterfly above , but scientists have been divided over whether they were intended to mimic other predators or simply confuse predators . 'predator-prey interactions in nature often involve dynamic encounters between the partners , and eye spots are more likely to appear suddenly in front of the predator . ' their intimidating effect has been proved to increase when they are revealed abruptly . ' we therefore conclude that it is unlikely that the adaptive value of eye spots is due to sensory or information overload caused by the conspicuousness of colour pattern . ' the researchers conducted their experiments by placing wild captured great tits into a cage where the floor had been fitted with a computer monitor . the birds were offered a dead mealworm and as they approached an image was flashed up on the computer screen . images of owl eyes caused the birds to be startled , flee and in some cases give off alarm calls . but images of owls without eyes did not produce the same reaction . atlas moths ( above ) have colourful patterns on their wings that are thought to mimic the head of a cobra . a cobra poses a far greater threat to a predator than an atlas moth and so by mimicking the reptile with the patterns on its wings the moth is able to scare off potential hunters that might make it a tasty snack . however when the birds were shown images of the owl butterfly , they were also scared away . if the irises of the eye spots were removed , or the eye spots removed altogether , then they were scared away far less often . many species of butterfly have eye-spots as part of the pattern on their wings . the atlas butterfly , for example , has a pattern that looks like the head of a cobra . some entomologists have also claimed that the eyed hawk moth look like the head of a fox when viewed from the front . in one extreme example of mimicry , the caterpillar of the eastern tiger swallowtail looks like a snake and spits a foul smelling chemical to keep away predators . last year scientists at oregon state university looked at the butterfly bycyclus anyana and showed that it varies the intensity of its eye spots depending on the season . they claimed bright colours in the rainy season allowed the butterfly to confuse the dominant predators - preying mantids - while duller colours in the dry season helped them hide from birds . some entomologists claim the eyed hawk moth looks like the face of a fox or dog from the front . the wing patterns of the eyed hawk moth is said to resemble the dark nose and the light coloured eyes of a fox .