modelling , acting , fashion design ... is there anything michelle keegan ca n't do ? the star , who started out playing tina mcintyre in coronation street , has launched a stellar career since leaving the cobbled streets of weatherfield behind . the pint-sized brunette may be busy filming for her new show , as well as modelling in her new garnier ambre solaire campaign , but she 's managed to fit designing a new fashion range into her hectic schedule . scroll down for video . michelle keegan , who found fame on coronation street , has managed to fit designing a new fashion range for lipsy into her hectic schedule . the actress and model has unveiled her stunning summer range in full - and shows off her summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals to perfection in the new shoot . michelle , 27 , who is getting set to tie the knot with fiance mark wright , shows off her summer tan and enviable curves posing by a pool in the new campaign imagery to promote the range , which lands today . the designer has been chanelling her passion for fashion into lipsy ranges for several seasons now - and her success shows no sign of abating . the former coronation street star , whose collections have been a stellar success for the brand , has been hard at work in the design studio to bring fans exactly what they want for the warmer months . the actress and model shows off her natural beauty posing by the ocean in the summer shoot . the designer has been chanelling her passion for fashion into lipsy ranges for several seasons now - and says she ca n't believe how successful they 've been . the star , who says her ultimate beauty secrets are simply drinking lots of water and always taking her make-up off before bed , also swears by lvl eyelash ' flicking ' treatments . michelle keegan teased fashion fans with some items from her new lipsy range on tuesday , and has unveiled her designs in full today . as the clothes horse shows , her new range is full of colourful print playsuits , cool crochet and lots of sophisticated lace . speaking to femail recently , michelle revealed the regime that keeps her fit , healthy and glowing from the inside out . sharing her top tanning tips for a flawless faux glow as she shows off her natural beauty in behind the scenes imagery , michelle advised : ' always exfoliate first and not just knees and elbows , all over your body . ' next , i moisturise all over and then use garnier dry body mist all over my body , including the underside of my arms . ' the star , who says her ultimate beauty secrets are simply drinking lots of water and always taking her make-up off before bed , also swears by lvl eyelash treatments . lvl , which stands for length , volume and lift , flicks , curls and straightens lashes from the roots up so they appear much longer . ' it helps make my lashes darker and more voluminous , ' says michelle of the treatment , which takes an hour and a half and lasts over two months . michelle , 27 , has been hard at work in the design studio to bring fans exactly what they want for the warmer months to come . the designer 's success shows no sign of abating as she unveils yet another stylish range . the star also spoke about how important looking good was to her and how she takes a ' less is more ' approach to make-up . her beauty regime is fairly minimal and she simply cleanses , tones and moisturises every day and treats herself to a facial every other week to rehydrate her skin . she swears by simple face wipes , origins serums and garnier and kiehl 's moisturisers . in terms of her diet , michelle starts the day with scrambled egg on brown toast with tomato , followed by a high protein banana smoothie with peanut butter . for lunch , she has a turkey or chicken salad sandwich on brown bread and dinner is salad with chicken or prawn . the actress likes to snack on fruit , nuts and her favourite treat : popcorn . the star , 27 , seen in her garnier ambre solaire campaign , says she 's always been a fan of the range and has been using it for years so when they asked her to work with them , she was ' over the moon ' . bodywise , michelle says she tries to work out as much as possible and whilst there 's ' always an excuse not to go ' , she ends up feeling better after a workout . ' i 've been very busy at the moment but if i have time , i go to the gym 3-4 times per week . ' she does n't , however , do any cardio and simply sticks to weight training to tone up . ' cardio is good for getting you sweating but it slims you down and i think it makes me look too skinny , ' she admitted . she also swears by the 8-minute abs youtube video , which she does when she gets home from the gym . as for the future , michelle says she ' may consider ' doing an accessories and jewellery range but for now , she 's focussing on her acting duties . ' i start filming next week for new movie , ' she revealed . ' i am also in talks for another film , so fingers crossed it will go well . '   