a young mother diagnosed with dementia at only 41 is living in fear that she will forget her teenage daughter as doctors predict her condition will deteriorate in just five years . kelly watson , of gateshead in tyne and wear , started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words and co-ordination . despite regular trips to gps , it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young . most likely she was bipolar or depressed . but after tests and a brain scan , she was hit with the horrifying news of early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday on june 23 last year . now she is terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter holly and said the joys of watching her grow up had ' all been stolen from me ' . kelly watson , 41 , ( right ) said she is scared about forgetting her 17-year-old daughter , holly ( pictured left ) . since being diagnosed with dementia on her 41st birthday , kelly relies on her mother moira to wash her hair . kelly said the joys of watching holly grow up ; graduate , marry and have children had been taken from her . kelly told thesunday people : ' doctors predict my mind will deteriorate in a matter of years . i will forget i 'm a mum , forget my beautiful girl holly . ' i ­wanted to see her graduate , get married and have kids . it 's all been stolen from me . ' the mother-of-one now attends a dementia support group five days a week and is the youngest by 20 years . until 2011 , kelly worked as a clerical officer in the civil service in longbenton , tyne and wear , and lived with her partner and holly . but she developed uncharacteristic mood swings and started slurring her speech . her relationship broke down and in february last year she had to quit her job . she could not write and kept losing things such as her purse and keys . confused and unable to ­afford her house , she and holly moved in with her mother , moira , nearby . kelly said : ' my mum started helping me dress as i struggled . she even had to wash my hair and shave my legs for me . ' after brain scans and cognitive tests , the devastating news revealed the dementia diagnosis . kelly told the sunday people : ' we were shattered . with so much life ahead of me it seemed so unfair . ' how do you tell your own daughter there will come a time that i may not remember who she is ? ' after her condition deteriorated , kelly and holly moved in with her mother , moira , nearby . kelly , who tries to keep her brain active with quizzes , said she felt lucky to have the love of moira and holly . her mother , moira , was angry they had to ' beg ' for a year and a half to get a scan and is now hoping specialists can give the family an exact diagnosis of kelly 's condition . the 62-year-old said : ' at first they just thought she was depressed and anxious , but i knew there was something more wrong . ' i felt it in my gut , believed she was suffering from some type of dementia . ' i begged people for help but they did n't listen , they just kept telling me she was too young to have it . ' she added : ' it took years before they even diagnosed dementia . if we had n't have pushed for scans , they would still be saying she was just depressed . ' now moira is hoping to send her daughter to a specialist clinic in london to help the family get the precise diagnosis they have been waiting years for . they also have no treatment for kelly . they are hoping to raise £2,000 to go to a private clinic in london . friends will be holding a fundraising event in heworth , in tyne and wear , tomorrow . to donate , visit kelly 's go fund me page . kelly is living in fear of not recognising her teenage daughter holly , with whom she has a close bond . kelly said fighting dementia had become a ' full time job ' but felt lucky to have the support of her loving family . her mother , moira , was angry they had to ' beg ' for a year and a half to get a scan to reveal the diagnosis . 