you could have fried an egg on david cameron’s upper lip yesterday afternoon when he appeared in sunny bristol . the pm was speaking in a rather peculiar building – an almost empty science park on the city’s outskirts , its round atrium area filled with party activists . the space was uncomfortably hot and mr cameron was looking straight into a merciless , piercing , armpit-moistening sun . the prime ministerial upper lip was soon glistening . attack of the sweats ! david cameron worked up a sweat as he made a visit to poole in dorset and sunny bristol . pictured : the prime minister speaks with lilli docherty and her daughter dakota over lunch in a sun-drenched garden . it was such a glorious bank holiday , why on earth did tory high command not scrap their plans , strip down to shirts and chinos and campaign on the beach at weston-super-mare ? they might at least have found some swing voters there . but there is something clinical , immutable , rigid , unspontaneous so far about this tory campaign . well , all the parties’ campaigns , really . strategists with precious plans have plotted every minute of every low-risk day and the politicians look more remote from the electors than ever . mr cameron was appearing alongside george osborne , chancellor of the exchequer , both of them in weekday suits . on some news-management grid many moons ago it had been decided that tax was to be the theme of the day . i suppose no one guessed it might be high-summerish weather . bank holidays are usually washouts . and so tax remained the dish du jour . the day was hailed as ‘ money back monday’ because it was the start of the financial year and the new , more generous tax allowances for the low-paid meant an extra £600 in people’s pockets . mr cameron had spent the morning in poole , dorset ( where veteran lib dem mp annette brooke is retiring ) and apparently ate a hot dog while he was there . one of the reporters who had been on his campaign bus said he had met ‘ at least two voters’ . he arrived at the bristol and bath science park at 4.40pm . as his battle bus approached the destination , one of his police bodyguards made plain his feelings by being spectacularly sick , poor soul . perhaps the copper had been food taster for the hot dog . everyone getting off the bus looked a bit green . the audience had been waiting for some time , broiling slowly in the building’s atrium . what a soulless place it was , of antiseptic design with bleached wood and long , lifeless corridors . vast windows . an airport-style exterior . we could have been anywhere in the world – the middle of texas , the plains of central france , or at a yet-to-open business hotel in bulgaria . prime minister david cameron and george osborne make a speech at the bristol and bath science park . during his bristol visit , mr cameron read a speech and said there was a ‘moral’ case for the tories’ policies . bristol has a handful of seats , local tory mps being chris skidmore , charlotte leslie and jack lopresti . might it not have made more sense to hold a rally underneath clifton suspension bridge – somewhere that at least had a resonance with the city ? a tanned mr cameron dutifully made his prepared speech , saying that there was a ‘moral’ case for the tories’ economic policies . fetch that , mr archbishop of canterbury . it was ‘ frankly immoral to spend money like it grows on trees’ . he said he and the tories would spend money on ‘ your family , your future’ rather than on ‘ bureaucracy or bloat or the latest crackpot government scheme’ . this innovative use of ‘bloat’ as a noun was repeated three times . don’t vote bloat . maybe it should be their new slogan . after ten minutes he let george osborne make a speech . eeek . george stepped into the glare and you have seldom seen a man look so deathly pale . shades of the sepulchre on easter morning . a brief session of questions saw mr cameron being asked about recent lib dem eruptions – nick clegg calling mr osborne ‘ a very dangerous man’ and danny alexander alleging that the tories are not interested in helping the poor . mr cameron said it was inevitable that ‘you’ll find the minor parties saying increasingly desperate things’ . he was unfazed by ‘ the odd noise-off from a deputy’ . or should that be noise-off from an odd deputy ? 