illicit operation : chiropractor gertrude pitkanen would sell newborn babies to adoptive parents for as little as $ 100 in butte , montana . for as little as $ 100 , chiropractor gertrude pitkanen took babies from their mother 's arms seconds after they were born and handed them to their adoptive parents . as the infants were driven to their new homes , the families were sometimes forced to throw their afterbirth out of the window because they were removed so quickly . these transactions formed the basis of a lucrative , illicit market that started in butte , montana , in 1920s , and grew until pitkanen decided to stop in the 1950s . most of the children who were victims of this horrific crime have now aged , have families and have forged their own lives - but they are still looking for answers . they have joined together to form a group called gertie 's babies who have been using dna to trace their biological families and search for their estranged siblings that are still alive . only a six of them have come together , but they believe there are many more people who were given up by pitkanen out there , and simply do not know it . heather livergood , 69 , was purchased for $ 100 in a motel room in 1946 . now 69 she lives in coeur d'alene , northern idaho , with her husband steve . this may she will have been married for 47 years , has three children and is expecting a grandchild this month . last year , while using sites such as ancestory.com and 23andme.com , she was able to track down two half brothers bob and gary , who live in grantsville , utah . her birth mother was called violet weyland sandberg , and discovered the circumstances which forced her to abandon her as a child . while her husband , evan sandberg a member of the army air corps , had been fighting in the pacific , she got pregnant with another man 's child , prompting her to take desperate action . she told the daily mail online that her biological aunt , julia , had told her children before she died that violet had spent two months with a man in montana while her husband was fighting . on a night in 1946 , violet traveled 450 miles from grantsville to give birth in butte . that decision forged a certain future for mrs livergood , she moved into a good home with her adoptive family . her mother died when she was three and she was raised by her father , a man who she said was ' great , very funny and outgoing ' , and a stepmother . heather livergood ( center ) , now 69 , was given up for adoption in 1946 but has been reunited with brothers gary ( left ) and bob ( right ) following a trip to grantsville , utah , last year . however she has sympathy for her birth mother , because she had gotten herself into trouble . she told the spokesman-review in an interview last year : ' i could n't give up a child , but i do n't blame her for that . and you know , things were n't very good when the war got out . people did n't have a lot of money . ' her adoptive father also shared a detail from the night she was born which prompted her to dig further into her family history . mrs livergood told the daily mail online she visited her brothers last year after tracking them down and keeps in contact with them on a regular basis . she plans to return for another trip as she continues to build a relationship with them . some others however have been unsuccessful in their search . mrs livergood discovered her birth mother was called violet weyland sandberg . she got pregnant with another man while her husband was away at war . bonnie gower told the daily mail online that when she was born , she was given to parents who could n't have children through traditional methods . they had already adopted two boys and wanted a girl but they were told they could n't have anymore . ' a friend of theirs who had a adopted a son through gertie got a call from the local go between asking them if they wanted a baby girl , ' she told the daily mail online . ' they said no but called my mom and asked . my parents said yes and they drove to butte to get me . my birth certificate is filled out in my dad 's handwriting . ' her adoptive parents were told what to write and they handed over $ 500 to complete the transaction . she added : ' he [ her father ] said he could n't remember if they went the day i was born ( probably not ) , but the date they were to write down was the day they got me . throughout her childhood , mrs gower was always told she had been adopted and lived a good life . her parents always said she was ' special ' because they picked her . ' i did not know the black market baby stuff until i was ready to get married and decided i wanted to try to get my medical history , ' she said . ' in contacting the state they said there was no adoption papers and that i was n't adopted . then i got the story from my parents . ' my mom 's words were ... '' we were never going to tell '' . but they knew nothing of the birth mother and asked no questions . ' i think they knew what they were doing was illegal , but they just wanted a baby and put that little fact away . ' mrs gower has since completed the checks on ancestory.com and has only found connections to third cousins . she has contacted them but is yet to receive a reply . ' i suppose i will continue my search for many more years ... but not aggressively as i did when we all connected , ' she added . sue docken was also sold for $ 500 in 1951 from on office building in butte . the transaction was expected to last just a few minutes , so her adoptive 's mother 's husband was told to leave the car running as he waited outside . she went back to the empty office building about a month ago to see where the exchange unfolded . mable deane , 65 , who runs the gertie 's babies website , was given up in 1949 , and is yet to learn much about her past . pitkanen was never held accountable for the black market scheme which tore families apart . she was born in 1878 and trained as a nurse and chiropractor before moving with her husband gustave pitkanen to butte . she died in 1960 , but escaped criminal prosecution . it 's not known how much money she made from the scheme or how many of the adoptions she organised over at least three decades . according to the new york times she worked with the political and business elite and had a ' black book ' with intelligence she could use as blackmail . she was charged with botched abortions on multiple occasions , but each time a judge threw out the case , fearing the repercussions of what she might do . pitkanen also made her service available to prostitutes , an industry that was thriving in butte at the time of her operation . others who got pregnant out of wedlock or through affairs also used the service .