a roofing boss has alleged to be a love cheat on his own company website - when his furious ex-girlfriend altered the page to shame him . lisa morgan , 40 , a legal secretary , amended the site she had set up for former boyfriend sean meade , 45 , to claim he had been unfaithful . visitors to the top of the world roofing website are told it has ' ceased trading at present ' as the boss was ' unfortunately found out to be cheating yet again ' . lisa morgan , 40 , altered the top of the world roofing site to expose her cheating ex boyfriend , sean meade . miss morgan said the updated site had brought in more views than ever before . speaking to the sun , she said : ' i changed it to stop other women falling for his charm . ' the couple met after they got chatting on a flight home from turkey in august . the relationship escalated quickly and the roofing boss moved in to miss morgan 's house in chatham , kent . but she said she grew suspicious when he started to stay out all night , not returning home . she said she checked his phone bill and found calls to another woman . she also contacted his estranged wife joanne - who told her he had cheated on her as well . she said : ' when i started digging , i realised he 's lived in different women 's houses not paying a penny and moving from one to the next for years so i thought , you know what , this can stop here . ' there are kids i did n't even know existed and the more i was digging the more i was like `` oh my god i do n't even know the person i 've been dating '' and that 's how it all came about . ' i started going back through , thinking things are n't adding up when he was going missing . ' a girl rang me out of the blue and said she 'd been seeing him . but he completely convinced me that she just a nutter who knows him , but then a few weeks later , when he was going missing once a week still , i thought things are n't adding up . ' she then decided to change the webpage . ' it 's my website , i bought the domain name , made him a nice website because he ca n't read and write ' , she said . ' i did his website then i thought you know what this goes back all that time so i just thought it 's all over his truck , the name of his firm , that he drives so i wanted to oust him . ' on the webpage , it explains how mr meade 's address ' changes every few months ' , as does his phone number . the website now says how he was ' dumped and this resulted in him having to woo a new woman and quick as he was effectively homeless . ' it adds : ' he was fortunate enough to find someone to take him in within days of dating . ' on the sidebar of the page , under ' address ' it reads ' changes every few months - moves from one woman 's house to the next ' . today , miss morgan continued to shame her former boyfriend by posting a series of youtube clips of his answer phone messages where he issues an apology . mr meade , of orpington , kent , told mailonline : ' she 's trying to ruin someone 's life . if that 's what someone wants to do , i will carry on , it 's not affecting my life . ' if anyone sees the website , it just shows what she is capable of . i hope she finds happiness in her life . she should really get out more . ' she 's just a lunatic and it was a crazy six months . i 'm not the only person to have cheated on her , but what does that say about her ? ' confirming his new relationship , he said : ' it 's not a new person . i 've known her for all my life , but she ( lisa ) is trying to ruin my life . ' he added how he was not yet divorced as his estranged wife ' wo n't do it yet ' . his estranged wife , joanne , 35 , who lives in weald , sevenoaks , told the sun : ' i think it 's great what she 's done . it serves him right . '