bradley neil admitted he needed to give himself a ' kick up the arse ' after missing the cut on his masters debut at augusta national . the 19-year-old scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par , although he did at least sign off in style with a birdie on the 18th . ' it was a great learning experience but very tough , ' said the 2014 amateur champion , who played with 1988 masters winner sandy lyle . ' every time you get to play with the world 's best you 'll take something away . this is where i want to be in a few years time . i just need to keep working harder . amateur champion bradley neil missed the cut on his debut at the masters . the scot admitted he needed to ' give himself a kick up the a*** ' after struggling on the professional tour . ' i 've prepared well for this but this shows it 's not been enough . sandy was great . putting is one of the best parts of my game but i struggled with it and he pointed something out and i 'll take that on board . ' i 'm very jealous of him , he gets to come back ( here ) every year . that 's something i want to do in the future . i think i 'm good enough to get back here , i think i have the game to do that . i need to give myself a right kick up the arse after this . i 'm desperate to come back . ' neil still harboured hopes of making the cut after his first round , but carded four bogeys , a double bogey and one birdie to cover the front nine in 41 , before coming home in 38 . ' you know how tough this place is before you get here but any expectations you have are blown out of the water , ' he added . ' you do n't realise how tough it is until you play it . you watch it so much on tv but you ca n't believe the difference . neil was playing with fellow countryman and former masters winner sandy lyle . ' it deserves all the respect it gets . it 's the best in the world , the toughest in the world . it 's been a game of two halves the last few days . it 's been taking a step forward and then taking two back . i could n't get one up on the course , it just kept coming back at me . ' i 'm disappointed with the last two days , i 've done worse here than i did at the open ( missing the cut on 11 over at hoylake ) . ' i thought this would suit me better than the open . my season has been disappointing so far but i 'm playing against world-class fields and bigger , better courses than i was on the amateur circuit . i need to work my socks off . last year i found it easy on the amateur scene . ' 