a lesbian couple are suing a georgia sperm bank for false advertising - claiming their ' phd student , eloquent-speaking ' donor turned out to be a schizophrenic with a criminal record . angela collins and margaret elizabeth hanson from port hope , ontario , decided to use xytex corp to start a family in 2006 , believing they had a strict vetting process . according to a lawsuit seen by the atlanta constitution journal , the pair were told their donor had an iq of 160 , a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience , a master’s degree in artificial intelligence , and was working on his phd in neuroscience engineering . angela collins and margaret elizabeth hanson of port hope , ontario , decided to use xytex corp to start a family in 2006 , believing they had a strict vetting process . but they have accused the firm of false advertising . he was also described as being mature beyond his years and an eloquent speaker . but in june 2014 they discovered his name was james christian aggeles , according to the suit , after the company inadvertently revealed his identity in a number of emails . through their own research they found that he had dropped out of college and had been arrested for burglary , and that his pictures had been doctored to remove a large mole from his cheek . aggeles was charged with one count of burglary in 2005 and his case was discharged in may 2014 under terms of the first offender act , said kimberly isaza , spokeswoman for the cobb county district attorney’s office . the constitution journal reported that he served eight months in jail , with the rest of his 10-year sentence on probation , ending in may 2014 . in june 2014 , the pair discovered their donor was called james christian aggeles , according to the lawsuit . he is said to have schizophrenia , has spent time in jail and dropped out of college . the company ( atlanta headquarters pictured ) allegedly inadvertently revealed his identity in a number of emails . according to the lawsuit , the pair will now have to spend more to evaluate the care of their son . they also claim they have suffered emotional and financial hardship as a result . the couple 's lawyer nancy hersh told the paper she is representing 15 mothers who used aggeles as a donor . the claimants have more than 20 children by him - but are concerned for the health of their children because of his medical history . however hersh insisted that the lawsuits do not mean the mothers do not love their children .