united launch alliance has unveiled radical plans to launch a reusable rocket named ' vulcan ' in 2019 . vulcan will use new engines , mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres . the company appears to have timed the announcement to overshadow spacex ' launch of falcon 9 , which today hoped to prove that reusable rockets are viable . united launch alliance has unveiled a radical plans for reusable rocket named ' vulcan ' that is slated to take off in 2019 . vulcan will use new engines , mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres . the aim of both spacex and ula is to end us dependence on russian-built rocket engines , but the technology has so far proven difficult . russian-made rd-180 engines currently power ula 's atlas rocket , but congress banned further imports as part of trade sanctions enacted after russia invaded ukraine last year . ula said the new rocket 's first stage will be powered by a pair of liquid-oxygen and liquefied methane engines under development by blue origin . chief executive officer tory bruno told a news conference in colorado that the engines will be designed to return to earth , so they can be refurbished and reflown . ula 's plan is to skip returning the whole booster , an approach favoured by rival spacex . it hopes to separate the engines after launch , inflate a heat shield around them and dispatch a helicopter to nab them mid-air . ula 's plan is to skip returning the whole booster , an approach favoured by rival spacex . it hopes to separate the engines after launch , inflate a heat shield around them and dispatch a helicopter to grab them mid-air . reusing the engines will enable ula to cut launch costs to about $ 100 million for a medium-lift booster and about $ 200 million for heavy-lift variants . this is roughly half the cost of ula 's current delta 4 heavy rocket . initially , ula will use its existing upper-stage centaur engine but plans to introduce in 2023 an advanced motor that can recycle waste propellants . hours after unveiling its next-generation ' vulcan ' rocket , united launch alliance ( ula ) , ran into its first problem - the rocket 's name . ' vulcan is a trademark of vulcan inc. and we have informed ula of our trademark rights , ' chuck beames , president of the paul allen-backed vulcan aerospace , told reuters . ' paul allen and vulcan were early leaders within space exploration with the launch of spaceshipone more than a decade ago . we are flattered by ula 's tribute to our legacy by naming their new rocket ' vulcan ' , ' beames said . ula , a joint venture of lockheed martin and boeing co , selected vulcan as the name of its new booster , which will be developed in phases beginning in 2019 , after it won more than 1 million votes in a crowdsourcing initiative . ' we have done our due diligence regarding the legal right to use the name vulcan , ' ula spokeswoman jessica rye wrote in an email . ' ula is committed to taking every reasonable step to avoid any confusion with other entities using this name and we are confident we can do so , ' she said . this , it claims , will greatly extend its orbital lifetime and the number of missions it can perform . ' we can take multiple satellites into orbit . we can put them in different planes , ' bruno said . ' when we get done with that , we can fly back to the space station . we can do all sorts of things . this is truly a game-changer . ' ula also plans to reduce its launch pads from five to two , and offer a standardised menu of fixed launch prices , much like spacex , which posts its falcon rocket pricing on its website . bruno declined to say how much vulcan 's development will cost , but added such efforts typically run at least $ 2 billion . ula will use its own profits to bankroll the venture . spacex , meanwhile , is also hoping to transform the rocket business . today , it attempted to land the first-stage booster of a falcon 9 rocket on a platform floating a few hundred miles off florida 's northeastern coast , near jacksonville . the attempt did n't go to plan , with the rocket booster tipped over after landing . despite being destroyed , the booster 's flyback marks an important step in the company 's quest to develop rockets that can be refurbished and reflown , potentially slashing launch costs . spacex founder , elon musk 's plan is to reuse his booster rockets rather than discard them as is the custom around the world , to reduce launch costs . first-stage boosters normally just slam into the atlantic and sink . ' this might change completely how we approach transportation to space , ' spacex vice president hans koenigsman told reporters during a prelaunch press conference . spacex is also hoping to transform the rocket business . today , it attempted to land the first-stage booster of a falcon 9 rocket on a platform floating a few hundred miles off florida 's northeastern coast , near jacksonville . elon musk tweeted this image of the booster coming back down to earth .