a predatory convicted paedophile with an obsession with young girls has gone on the run after vanishing from a psychiatric unit . stephen munden , 54 , described as having a ' fanatical obsession ' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus , has been missing since 6.15pm on tuesday and was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . now officers have launched a manhunt to find munden - who was detained under the mental health act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl . a predatory convicted paedophile with an obsession with young girls has gone on the run after vanishing from a psychiatric unit . stephen munden , 54 , ( pictured with and without a beard ) was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . he is described as about 5ft 8ins tall , of a heavy build , and has dark hair . officers said they believed that munden , who suffers from learning difficulties , may have shaved off his beard before leaving the hospital in winchfield and have released images of him with both facial hair and a clean shave . he was detained at the private facility under a hospital order following his sentence last august for sexual offences . munden was convicted of sexually touching a child under the age of 13 . a court heard he deliberately sat near a three-year-old girl and stroked her hand with his finger - in full view of the child 's mother and grandmother . munden , formerly of marchwood , near southampton , denied the offence , claiming it was accidental when he appeared at southampton crown court . during the sentencing david jenkins , prosecuting , told judge peter henry that the defendant had admitted ten unrelated offences of possessing or attempting to possess indecent images of children . the court heard he had been arrested after using one of the public computers at hythe library in an attempt to download images . mr jenkins said children 's clothes , books and dolls were found at munden 's home and added : ' he has a fanatical obsession with young girls . ' a court heard he deliberately sat near a three-year-old girl and stroked her hand with his finger - in full view of the child 's mother and grandmother . munden , formerly of marchwood , near southampton , denied the offence , claiming it was accidental when he appeared at southampton crown court . consultant physiatrist john o'shea said the defendant was autistic and also suffered from mild learning difficulties . he added that munden had difficulty controlling his sexual interest in small children but the girl on the bus was probably unaware of his intentions . keely harvey , in mitigation , said : ' he did not accept that he deliberately touched the child 's hand . ' but the judge said ' the move from non-contact offences to a contact offence is significant ' and he was made the subject of a hospital order . detective chief inspector tim rowlandson said : ' we are extremely keen to hear from anyone who has seen this man since yesterday evening or knows where he might be . ' mr munden is subject to a hospital order after being convicted and sentenced for sexual offences and also suffers from learning difficulties , so we need to know where he is as a matter of urgency . ' 