tiger woods declared himself ready to compete for a fifth masters title after completing 11 holes of practice at augusta national on monday . woods has started just two events in 2015 , shooting a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them and withdrawing through injury after just 11 holes of the second on february 5 . that led to the 14-time major winner taking a break from competition to work on his game , during which time he dropped outside the world 's top 100 for the first time since september 1996 , a slide which continued on monday as he fell from 104th to 111th . tiger woods returned to action as he warmed up at augusta national golf club ahead of the masters . the 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form . woods was given a warm welcome by the crowd and stopped to sign several autographs at augusta . woods has not won a major since the 2008 us open and the last of his four masters wins was a decade ago , with the 39-year-old only confirming on friday that he would compete at augusta . however , after showing no sign of the chipping ' yips ' which blighted his performance in phoenix on the range , woods produced some vintage shots as he completed the front nine alongside long-time friend mark o'meara before playing the 10th and 18th alone . ' i felt good . it was nice to get out here , ' said woods , who was two under after four holes despite a wayward drive on the first and three-putting the par-five second for a par . ' chipping is fine . i wanted to test out some wedges out here . that was why i was chipping a little bit more . it came down to a couple of different bounce settings because it 's different from florida . we figured the right one out . ' it 's been a process . but i 'm on the good side now . it 's progression . i felt like i had to get my game into a spot where i could compete to win a golf tournament and it 's finally there . ' woods has not won a major since the us open in 2008 and will be looking to get back to his best . woods stopped to chat to europe 's ryder cup captain darren clarke ( right ) at augusta on monday . o'meara , who won the masters and open in 1998 , said : ' the thing about the kid is that you can never underestimate tiger woods . i 'm a huge fan , a friend and i care about him . ' it was good to be out there with him . i saw some good signs . his pitching looks a lot better . ' there 's a lot of pressure on him but there is no reason why he should not have a good week this week . ' there are not many people that have played the game of golf like he has . the game of golf is better because of tiger woods . ' he is in a good place and i think he is fired up about it . he will be nervous on thursday but i think he will be fine . he hit a couple of shots that were a little off but a lot of quality shots . ' earlier in the day , us open champion martin kaymer said he still felt woods was ' the man , ' but added : ' who really knows what is going on in his head ? woods looked confident and managed to pull off some impressive drives in front of the crowd . woods hits a chip shot on to the green during the practice session ahead of the masters 2015 . woods smiles during the practice round prior to the tee off of the 2015 masters on thursday . ' i hope he 's happy . i hope he 's fine . i hope he will play well this week . but what would bother me a lot is all the speculation . you do n't have a choice ; you will read about it somewhere . you will hear about it because you socialise with people . ' so mentally it must be quite exhausting and we know how important the mental part is in golf . it 's difficult and some things i do n't find very fair . you know , you should just let him be . let him play golf , what he likes to do . ' sometimes i look at it and find it quite sad how people treat the whole subject . it should n't be like this in my opinion . but that 's how it is unfortunately . that is how a lot of people make their money and some athletes , they suffer because of that . ' hopefully he 's strong enough , he has people to talk to , and he finds a way to compete as good as he can . because we all know when he 's around , somehow it does make us play better , as well . ' i never experienced someone who played better than him . in my era , i never played with seve ( ballesteros ) and i never played with arnold palmer , jack nicklaus , those guys . so for me , what i have seen and what i have experienced , he 's the man . ' 