kim jong-un has appeared in yet another unusual set of pictures , showing him allegedly climbing north koreas highest mountain in nothing but an overcoat and leather shoes . the jovial dictator allegedly scaled the 9,000ft high mount paektu near the chinese border , before telling troops at its peak that the climb was like ' nuclear weapons ' . pictures released by north korean state media show the 32-year-old leader smiling on the top at sunrise before visiting troops at the mountain 's base . scroll down for video . dawn raider : kim jong-un watched the sun rise after allegedly scaled the 9,000ft high mount paektu . cold visit : after sunrise , the north korean leader greeted korean people 's army pilots at the summit . man of the people : kim jong-un can be seen at the centre of the picture , dressed in black , as he poses for a photo with the troops on the mountain . upon arriving at the top , kim jong-un greeted korean people 's army pilots , telling them that the alleged climb had given him mental energy ' more powerful than nuclear weapons . ' this is just the latest of the dictator 's publicity stunts published in state media , praising him for unbelievable feats , following claims last week that kim jong-un could drive by the age of three . ' climbing mt . paektu provides precious mental pabulum more powerful than any kind of nuclear weapon , ' the state-owned rodong newspaper quoted kim as saying . mr paektu , lying on the border with china , is considered a sacred place in korean folklore and plays a central role in the propaganda glorifying the kim family . he did it , honest ! despite being dressed for nothing more exhausting than a stroll , north korean state media claims that the dictator had climbed the mountain before sunrise yesterday . popular leader : kim jong-un visits korean people 's army pilots who have completed a tour of battle sites in the area of mt paektu . in control : the 32-year-old dictator inspects an honour guard while meeting troops at the foot of the mountain . north korean news reported that the young ruler scaled mt . paektu on saturday morning along with hundreds of fighter pilots as well as top army and party officials . pyongyang 's state hagiography has it that kim jong-il was born on the mountain -- although many historians say he was born in russia -- and praises the family for their ' mt . paektu bloodline ' . state-run news service kcna reported that the young ruler scaled mt . paektu on saturday morning along with hundreds of fighter pilots as well as top army and party officials . kim , like his predecessors , has made frequent ' field guidance trips ' to industrial plants , army bases , and sacred sites across the country in what analysts say is an attempt at forging an image as an energetic man of the people . kim , who took over after the death of his father in 2011 , seeks seemingly impossible policy goals of improving the economy and developing the atomic arsenal simultaneously . he presided over the country 's third nuclear test in february 2013 - its most powerful to date - amid fears that it was on track to developing technology to mount an atomic warhead on a long-range missile . ' nuclear ' : after ascending the mountain , kim jong-un told soldiers that the alleged climb had given him mental energy ' more powerful than nuclear weapons ' . loved leader : kim jong-un has made more of an effort than his father to be seen as a ' man of the people ' .