a vaccine has been developed to help prevent the recurrence of prostate cancer ( cells pictured ) . a vaccine has been developed to help prevent the recurrence of prostate cancer , and potentially other cancers . it 's designed to teach the immune system to recognise compounds found in prostate cancer cells and is being given to men who have already been treated for the cancer . the vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called tarp that 's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers . animal studies have shown that the protein can effectively stimulate the immune system to attack the cancer . the thinking is that the vaccine will prime the immune system so that it creates antibodies when it detects tarp-related cancers . then , should the cancer reappear , the antibodies will be dispatched to attack the malignant cells . those antibodies , along with other immune cells , can then destroy cancer cells without harming non-cancer cells , so minimising side-effects . it is initially being tested as a way to treat cancer that has returned but , if successful , could be used as a first line treatment for prostate and potentially breast cancer in the future . tarp is also found in about 50 per cent of breast cancers . prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the uk , with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year . in many cases the cancer develops slowly and patients may simply be monitored rather than actively treated . but in cases where the cancer is more aggressive , even after treatment there is a high risk of recurrence . researchers at the u.s. national cancer institute are using the vaccine on 70 men who have been treated for the cancer , but whose psa is rising again ( posed by model ) . once they have been treated , men are monitored with regular blood tests that check for a protein called prostate specific antigen or psa , which can indicate cancer . the time it takes for the psa reading to double is called the psadt . men with a psadt of less than three months are at high risk of dying from prostate cancer . around 11,000 men in the uk die from the disease a year . researchers at the u.s. national cancer institute are using the vaccine on 70 men who have been treated for the cancer , but whose psa is rising again . men on the trial will have a psadt greater than three months and less than 15 . the trial will last nearly two years , and men will be given six injections of the vaccine or a placebo during that time . the number of men in britain with , or who have had , prostate cancer . professor raj persad , urology consultant at the bristol urological institute , says that the idea of boosting the body 's own immune defences is an ' excellent strategy ' for preventing a recurrence of the disease . ' toxicity studies will have to be done , and then clinical effectiveness studies are needed , and it will need to be compared to existing treatments , ' he says . ' but despite these time constraints , the research looks very promising indeed and we must watch this space . ' meanwhile , the mmr vaccine may be a new way to tackle problem warts . researchers have found that injecting the vaccine into warts that have resisted other treatments leads to six out of ten disappearing . warts are caused by infection with the human papilloma virus ( hpv ) . although they can clear up without treatment within one to two years , about a third or more do not resolve and may multiply and enlarge , making treatment more difficult . in the new study , researchers used the jab on 65 patients who 'd had warts for between two and 15 years . they had an average of three treatments . in 63 per cent of cases , the warts disappeared , while 6 per cent showed no response . the remainder had some improvement . side-effects included pain during injection , itching and flu-like symptoms . the warts recurred in only two patients , according to the researchers from zagazig university , egypt , whose findings are published in the international journal of dermatology . the theory is that the vaccine stimulates the immune system , which then spots and attacks the hpv virus and the warts it had previously overlooked . 