a woman who was sexually abused as a child by her step-father has spoken out for the first time after a confession to her fiancé led to her attacker being jailed . kim hill , from suffolk , has bravely waived her right to anonymity and spoken about how she was abused by derek osborne from the age of four . the now 31-year-old revealed she was forced to dress up in her mother 's lingerie at the age of eight , and was even made to watch pornographic films . kim hill ( left ) was abused for years by her step-father but never revealed her past until her partner rob ( right ) encouraged her to approach the police about her attacker . the couple pictured on their wedding day in 2013 . for years , kim bottled up the painful memories until she met her husband rob , 34 , who guessed that she had been abused and helped to put derek behind bars 20 years after the offences . while planning their wedding in 2013 , rob asked his fiancée if she had been abused as a child due to her withdrawn nature . his question finally prompted kim to confess what happened to her . the mother-of-two says that rob 's question finally gave her the nudge that she needed to reveal her past . ' i 'd waited my whole life to hear that question . i was desperate for someone to bring it up , so i could tell them the truth . derek osborne ( left ) abused kim ( right as a child aged seven ) from a young age encouraging her to get into his bed for ' cuddles ' . at the age of nine derek ( pictured ) forced kim ( pictured left as a child ) to dress up in her mother 's lingerie and watch porn films . ' when rob asked me it was my chance to share the painful secret i 'd been hiding – that the man i had called dad had abused me . ' she told rob how her step-father made her climb into bed with him and kiss and cuddle him . he even attacked her two days after her 12th birthday , while taking her out for a celebratory meal . speaking about the abuse , kim , who married rob in 2013 , said : ' i did n't know any different so i accepted what he was doing as normal . ' i saw him as my dad . i just thought my dad loved me very much . ' kim 's biological father died when she was young and she was aged three when derek began a relationship with her mother . she says that as a young child derek 's attention was originally welcomed in her large family . ' i scrambled for mum 's attention with my three siblings . but i was always derek 's favourite . ' he 'd come and tuck me into bed while mum watched television downstairs . ' but the attention soon turned sexual . she said : ' he would kiss me on the lips . kim never revealed her past until rob asked her if she had been abused ahead of their wedding . ' he often called me into his bed at night for a cuddle , so he could touch me under the covers . ' i was too young to know how wrong it was . i thought nothing of it . but years went by and the touching became more intimate . ' aged seven , kim was taught sex education at school which soon made her realise that her step-father 's actions were not normal . she said : ' i found out at school how babies are made . ' i was horrified , all i could think was , `` what if i have a baby growing inside me ? '' ' i knew how upset mum would be if she found out and i 'd get into so much trouble . ' kim was too scared to approach anybody about her attacker and the abuse continued . she said : ' when i was nine , he forced me to dress up in mum 's underwear , then he made me watch sick porn films . ' i did n't know any different so i accepted it as normal . ' but that all changed when aged 10 , kim saw a television programme about sexual abuse . she said : ' i could n't believe what i was seeing . i realised my dad was abusing me . ' next time he tried to touch me i was in tears and pushed him away . although he was angry , i stood my ground . part of me wanted to tell mum , but i did n't want to hurt her . ' but weeks later , her mother sat her down with some news that would come as a welcome relief . ' she told me that her and my stepdad were splitting up . finally , i could escape him . ' however to kim 's horror her mother wanted to keep derek around as a father figure . for her 12th birthday , he took her out for a celebratory dinner . but he pounced when they were alone at his house afterwards and performed a sex act on her . she said : ' my feet were kicking as hard as i could but i was n't strong enough to push him away . ' a look of anger spread across his face as he tried to hold me down . ' after , i felt disgusting . that was the last time he abused me . afterwards he moved away with a new partner . ' ahead of the wedding kim reported the abuse to the police where it was revealed derek had abused other girls . although she had finally escaped her attacker kim was still living with the effects of the abuse . she said : ' i 'd become so withdrawn , and jumped whenever anyone brushed past and touched me . ' although kim met a man aged 18 and had a daughter at 23 , the relationship did not work out . she found it difficult to trust and stayed away from the dating scene until a friend set her up with rob . she says that right from the start rob offered her huge support and she found him trustworthy . ' i was n't sure and it was the first proper date i 'd had since having my little girl . ' he talked about his sister , who 's also a single mum and how difficult she 's found it . ' from the very beginning , rob was so understanding . ' kim and her daughter moved in with rob after six months and just weeks later in august 2010 he proposed . kim said she was able to seek justice after confessing all to rob . pictured on their wedding day . kim has began to visit counselling sessions and says she is beginning to move on . the couple had a son in january 2012 and started planning the big day . she said ' me and rob shared everything , but i still did n't dare tell him what dad had done . we 'd started making plans and wanted the perfect venue . ' while searching for wedding venues , rob asked her if she had been abused as a child . the question came as a huge shock to kim . she said : ' i broke down in tears . i did n't know how he could guess . ' he said that i was different to other women because i was withdrawn . he encouraged me to tell mum what had happened . ' and with his support the next day i called the police . ' after her brave confession kim discovered that she was not alone and derek had attacked a string of victims . ' i was the first victim to come forward but soon other victims spoke out and said derek had abused them too . ' kim has started her own blog to share her experiences and inspire others . when he was arrested , derek denied all the offences and even claimed one of the girls had made sexual advances towards him . with the trial looming , in september 2013 kim and rob tied the knot . she said : ' i did n't think of derek once . he might have destroyed my childhood , but he was n't going to ruin the best day of my life . ' in may 2014 , derek , then 72 , of lowestoft , suffolk , appeared at ipswich crown court where he admitted 16 counts dating from 1982 and 2004 , including eight of indecent assault and seven of indecency with a child , related to kim and two other schoolgirls . he also admitted raping another woman . he was jailed for 21 years . in october 2014 one count of gross indecency with a child , not relating to kim , was quashed at the court of appeal in london , but his sentence remained the same . kim said : ' i went to see him sentenced . he was so pathetic and frail , he was unrecognisable . ' judge john holt said derek 's victims had all suffered ' devastating ' psychological effects . he said a probation officer who interviewed derek had assessed him as ' dangerous ' and said he had shown ' very little ' genuine remorse . now he is behind bars , kim says that she has been able to begin to move on . ' i 've started counselling and healing sessions with the happiness foundation . they 're helping me to accept it and move on . ' rob is there with me every step of the way and i know he 's so proud . i 've also started a blog about everything i 've been through . ' i 've had so many victims of sexual abuse thank me for telling my story and showing you can put your abuser behind bars – even years later . '