a basketball star has warmed hearts across his high school with his thoughtful 'prom-posal ' to a girl with down syndrome . on thursday , trey moses , a senior at eastern high school in louisville , kentucky who will play for ball state next year , asked ellie meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom . moses , who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities , surprised her during her p.e . class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading : ' let 's party like it 's 1989 ' - a reference to an album by taylor swift , ellie 's favorite singer . ellie accepted the promposal and said she ca n't wait to go dress shopping ' because i 've only told about a million people ! ' she told cnn . heading to prom : trey moses , a senior at eastern high school in louisville , kentucky who will play for ball state next year , asked ellie meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom - and she accepted . the night before the promposal , moses texted ellie 's parents to get their permission - and they were thrilled , they told cnn . ' you just feel numb to those moments raising a special needs child , ' darla meredith , ellie 's mother , said . ' you first feel the need to protect and then to overprotect . ' she said that her daughter met moses through a program called ' best buddies ' , which encourages friendships between teenagers with developmental disabilities with other students . after his successful promposal , moses , who has a girlfriend , posted photos of the event to his twitter page , saying : ' decided to ask my best friend to prom . ' the tweet has been shared nearly 2,000 times . the 6ft9 basketball star committed to ball state in september after receiving 12 scholarship offers . joy : moses , who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities , surprised ellie during class with a sign reading : ' let 's party like it 's 1989 ' - a reference to an album by taylor swift , ellie 's favorite singer . firm friends : he met ellie through his work with a program called ' best buddies ' , which encourages friendships between teenagers with developmental disabilities with other students . ' i felt like they 're are on the rise and going to be good in a couple years , and i want to be a part of it , ' moses told the courier journal at the time . ' i feel like i 'll be able to come in and fight for a spot my freshman year . ' and as well as playing basketball , trey intends on keeping up the good work with his community and plans on majoring in special education . in light of his promposal , his future coach at ball state , james whitford , said the staff had long-admired the student 's kindess towards others . ' we originally watched him play and evaluated him on his talent , not who he is as a person , ' whitford told the ball state daily . ' as we started to research him as a person , we found that he has the character to bring out the best in those around him . ' the best thing about trey , is that this is not a one-time thing . '