jockey aidan coleman is hoping he has received the call up for the ride that will finally help him banish his crabbie 's grand national blues at aintree on saturday . the 26-year-old rides well-backed the druids nephew , stepping in for broken leg victim barry geraghty on the neil mulholland-trained gelding which won on the opening day of last month 's cheltenham festival . the eight-year-old is a 12-1 shot for the £1million steeplechase but coleman knows more than most how fickle fortune can be in the biggest steeplechase in the world . jockey aidan coleman ( left ) exits the weighing room at haydock racecourse back in april earlier this year . the druids nephew ridden by barry geraghty clears the last jump during day one of cheltenham 2015 . as a 20-year-old , coleman chose to ride seventh fence faller stan , a disappointment turned into a calamity at the time because he had decided against partnering successful venetia williams-trained stablemate mon mome who lifted the prize at 100-1 with stand-in rider liam treadwell basking in glory . it was the only time in three national runs for mon mome that coleman had not ridden the gelding . coleman 's two latest rides in the race have seen him unseated from a hampered the rainbow hunter . coleman said : ' the mom mome incident was quite a blow at the time because i had a choice ( of mounts ) and picked the wrong one . i rode him the year before and the year afterwards , i just was n't on him on the right day but that is just the way it goes . ' sometimes you are ahead and sometimes you are behind – that is life in general . ' at the time i was 20 , very young in life as well as racing . it was probably the first negative thing to happen in my career . ' up until then i had never been injured , i had ridden out my claim in 14 months and was champion conditional . since then there have been lots of good days and lots of bad days , so you become more streetwise and thicker skinned . ' i did n't had the best of luck on the rainbow hunter . he jumped well both times but ran into traffic problems and was more of less brought down last year . ' there is an element of luck required in any race but that applies more with the national because of the nature of the fences and the distance . ' coleman , who has enjoyed success over the famous fences in other races , feels the druids nephew has the right credential given that slice of aintree luck which has so far eluded him . the jockey who hopes to be a contender for champion jockey after ap mccoy retires , added : ' it is definitely one of the best rides to pick up . phil smith , the chief handicapper , says he is the best handicapped horse in the race . ' the race should suit this horse . he seems quite hardy . he handled the hustle and bustle of the cheltenham festival and came out a very nice winner . that should stand him in good stead as far as the aintree experience goes . ' coleman in action at haydock racecourse back in april earlier this year .