harry kane will play for england’s under 21 team in this summer’s european championships after holding talks with gareth southgate . england’s head coach roy hodgson has confirmed that kane , 21 , will join up with the junior squad when he returns from tottenham’s post-season trip to malaysia and australia . kane made an instant impact on the england team with a goal on his debut against lithuania at wembley and he has impressed with his committed attitude . harry kane , in action for england against italy , will play for the u21s at this year 's european championships . kane made his first start for england against italy after coming off the bench , and scoring , against lithuania . hodgson said : ‘ harry wants to finish the job he has done , but the main reason is because harry wants to go with the under 21s . ‘ he has been a major part of their qualifying campaign for the last 18 months . he’s even had to work his way into the team and in my conversations with him it has been pretty obvious to me he would like to play in this tournament . ‘ we will miss him because he has done well for us in these 10 days . but i said very early on i was more than happy to accept gareth would have the first pick of harry certainly and people like john stones might come into that category . ‘ so if gareth wants to pick them , that is fine by me . he is going to be important for gareth i know . ’ ross barkley is excused from the championships despite being eligible to play for gareth southgate 's side . raheem sterling , who missed england 's draw in italy , will also be absent from this summer 's tournament . although southgate will turn to kane this summer , everton midfielder ross barkley and liverpool forward raheem sterling - both eligible for the european championship - will both be excused . kane will be in the squad , despite a warning from spurs manager mauricio pochettino that his forward risks burn-out if he is forced to play through the summer . hodgson added : ‘i’m not a great lover of the burn-out argument , i’ve got to say . if you want to be an international player then you’ve got to accept football tournaments take place in the summer at the end of the season . ‘ in my lifetime in football , as soon as the season has finished footballers have gone to tournaments , so anyone who wants to be a top-class international footballer and really believes he can help his country get to these tournaments , can’t then come and talk about burn-out . ‘ i would like to think that if the under 21s can continue to do as well as they have been doing , and harry can play an important part and maybe help them go far in the tournament , that certainly won’t hurt his chances in the first national team and i am happy to back him . ' kane , pictured in action against leicester in march , has been hugely impressive for tottenham this season . kane , celebrating after he scored against arsenal in february , will be available to play for the under 21s .