activated charcoal is thought to act as a ' detox ' . are you the first to jump on the latest food fad bandwagon ? do you regularly ' detox ' with a green tea or a wheatgrass juice ? or pack your diet full of flax seeds and acai berry - all in the hope of improving your cholesterol , preventing cancer and promoting weight loss ? every day across the world scientists publish countless studies into the health benefits of various foods . for example , acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention , flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce the risk of heart disease , while coconut oil has been hailed as a weight loss aid . more recently charcoal , freekah , spiralizing and bone broth have emerged as the latest craze in healthy eating . each comes with its own promise , with claims of ' melting away fat cells ' , ' supercharging the metabolism ' , and ' regenerating and revitalising ' . but what is the truth ? i am often asked in clinic about fad diets and products by patients , desperate to find a quick way to shift the pounds . some of these fads are clearly bonkers , with no scientific evidence to back them up . others have some basis in common-sense and may be worth including in the healthy , balanced , real-food appproach to eating that is the only way to succeed in the long term . i asked sophie claessens , our vavista dietitian , to pick the ' miracle ' foods from the fads ... activated charcoal . due to its use by medical professionals in the effective treatment of toxic poisoning , some believe that taking active charcoal , often in the form of a capsule can ‘detox’ the body . however it’s not as easy as that ; the charcoal will only remove certain poisons and only if they have recently been ingested and are therefore not yet absorbed . is it worth trying ? no . firstly , ‘detoxing’ is a word my colleagues and i don’t agree with . we should be aiming for an everything in moderation approach rather than a ‘binge-detox’ cycle . secondly , activated charcoal has only been shown to be effective for acute poisoning such as certain drug-overdoses , not an accumulation of toxins over time . and what are these accumulated ‘toxins’ ? calories ? fat ? carbohydrates ? as far as we’re concerned , all of these contribute to a healthy balanced diet - just don’t overdo them . the spiraliser gadget turns various vegetables into spaghetti , helping to boost weight loss . spiralizing . this new gadget is getting everyone in a spin . take vegetables such as courgettes and carrots and turn them into low-carbohydrate ' spaghetti ' in just a few seconds . great to up your veg intake , increase your fibre intake and reduce your calorie intake , but is it really a healthy addition to the kitchen ? is it a healthy craze ? well , yes and no . we should all be aiming to get as much veg into our diet as possible as it provides us with a low calorie source of fibre , vitamins and minerals . but be careful not to use the spiraliser vegetables as a replacement for complex starchy carbohydrates like pasta , which are required for energy and other important nutrients . if you’re topping your spaghetti dish with spiralised veg or they’re accompanying a meat and potato dish then go for it , have as much as you like . but using the spiraliser to replace carbohydrates in your diet can lead to tiredness , fluctuating weight patterns and poor concentration . freekah . quinoa is so last year… this new grain on the block is what everyone’s talking about now . freekeh is a young green wheat which is roasted to remove the husks , giving a smoky , nutty flavour which is popular in the middle east . should i give it a go ? yes . it’s easy to cook and can be added to salads , soups and rice dishes easily and deliciously . it’s a low glycaemic index type of carbohydrate with four times the fibre count of quinoa , so will help to keep you fuller for longer and is good for heart health . it also boasts plenty of vitamins such as calcium and iron . the only downside is that it’s pretty expensive . fermented foods . how many times have you heard about ‘ good bacteria’ and wondered what it’s all about ? you may also have heard about pre and probiotics . it’s all based on the principle that our bodies are absolutely filled with bacteria , most of which are good ; in fact we wouldn’t be able to survive without them . fermented foods , including pickled cabbage , act as a probiotic - encouraging the growth of ' good ' bacteria . so it seems right that we should treat them right by adding pre-biotics to our diet to encourage growth of the good bacteria and maybe try a daily probiotic which contain cultures of good bacteria to add to our gut population . fermented foods such as yoghurt , cheese and asian pickled ingredients such as kimchi ( pickled cabbage ) are an example of probiotics . are they good for me ? yes . there’s more and more evidence to suggest that having a healthy population of bacteria is important for eveything from a smooth digestion process to preventing side-effects of antibiotic medication . taking a daily probiotic is also fairly easy in the form of a probiotic yoghurt or yoghurt drink . sprouted foods . it 's now being claimed that the intake of sprouted wholegrains can have health benefits over and above those delivered with your plain old standard wholegrains such as rice , wheat and oats . the theory goes that we harvest our grains prematurely , not allowing them to sprout , like an onion would if left . bone broth has a much lower salt content than shop bought soups , helping lower blood pressure . when sprouted , we are able to digest the grains more readily and absorb more nutrients such as protein , b vitamins and minerals such as iron and calcium . there’s lots of evidence emerging of their impact on health such as decreasing blood pressure and fighting diabetes . should i invest at the supermarket ? maybe . they may provide you with lots of vitamins and minerals which you wouldn’t naturally yield from the standard grain , but they’re a fairly expensive product . you can also find these vitamins and minerals from a varied diet containing plenty of fruit , veg , calcium-rich dairy products ( or alternatives ) , wholegrains and meat , fish or alternatives . bone broth . this has recently made famous by the health-conscious chefs the hemsley sisters . in fact , it’s been around for centuries and has always been used as stock , as a base in soups and saucy dishes . it’s also well-known for its health benefits , with the bone-boiling process leaching out amino acids , collagen - for skin and bone health - and other important vitamins and minerals . adding onions or leeks , carrots and celery , and any other old veg that you have lying around , will add antioxidants along with flavour . shall i join the club ? yes . your mother , grandmother and great-grandmothers have probably been using this recipe for hundreds of years . traditionally it is used to add flavour to dishes but it’s also a great way to add nutrients without much effort . plus it has a much lower salt content than using shop-bought stocks , so is much better for your blood pressure . ... but now a word of warning . food fads are named such usually because they’re an unsustainable fashion trend . some can even be dangerous . have a think to yourself when you hear of the new craze ; are you being advised to ingest something which sounds inedible ? would i find it hard to keep the changes up long-term ? if so , they’re probably not a sensible idea . another point to remember is that just because they’re being sold in a health food or wholefoods shop , it doesn’t mean they’re ‘healthy’ . you can still buy chocolate from these shops . sorry to burst your bubble , but just because you buy it from a health food shop , it doesn’t magically become healthy . we would suggest that you do your research before rushing into anything . to find out more visit www.vavista.com .