terence crawford landed a stunning right that thomas dulorme never really saw . soon after that , crawford was a two-time wbo champion , winning the latest title in his first fight since moving up in class . crawford won the vacant wbo junior welterweight title with a sixth-round technical knockout saturday night , knocking down dulorme three times in quick fashion after that big blow . terence crawford ( right ) defeated thomas dulmorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out . ' i knew i hurt him , i felt it , ' crawford said . ' i knew he was hurt real bad . i wanted to just jump on him . ... he was woozy . ' with dulorme stunned , crawford hit him again and knocked him down for the first time . then crawford delivered a flurry of punches , leading to another knockdown . when dulorme got back up , crawford unloaded again - and the fight was stopped as dulorme staggered against the ropes near his corner . ' basically a shot that i did n't see , and the shot got me , ' dulorme said through an interpreter . crawford remained undefeated , winning as a heavy favorite in his first fight moving in the 140-pound class . he won the wbo lightweight title 13 months ago and defended in the 135-pound division twice in his hometown of omaha , nebraska . the scheduled 12-round fight in north texas came a week before crawford , now 26-0 with 18 knockouts , is scheduled to be in new york to accept his 2014 fighter of the year award from the boxing writers association of america . the fighter celebrates after winning the vacant wbo world junior welterweight title . after the fight ended , promoter bob arum shouted ' that 's why he 's the fighter of the year ! ' dulorme , the 27-year-old puerto rican , is 22-2 . he had won his last six bouts since moving down in class after being knocked out by luis carlos abregu at 147 pounds in a welterweight fight in october 2012 . ' it was a great opportunity for us , ' dulorme said . ' it was n't the best night . we were winning in the cards , it 's something that basically happened . ... we did the fight that we came here to do . ' crawford seemed measured in his approach the first two rounds against the quick-starting dulorme , who entered the ring wearing a gladiator helmet and breastplate . dulorme was clearly the aggressor early against crawford , who went with a red nebraska cornhuskers cap for his entry . crawford dominated the fight throughout and dulmorne could n't handle his speed and punching power . but in round 3 , there was a quick exchange of punches , and later a hard body blow by crawford . there were times in the fourth and fifth rounds when crawford either smiled or shook his head after taking blows from dulorme . crawford taunted him , and at the end of the fourth had him back into a corner and delivered two big rights . crawford was also smiling at the end of the fifth round , then came out in the sixth and ended the fight . ' just having fun with it , ' he said . ' when i 'm having fun , i do n't think nobody can beat me because that means i 'm in my rhythm . ' crawford knocks down the puerto rican following a combination of punches in the sixth round . crawford 's trainer , brian mcintyre , said the first couple of rounds were just a matter of crawford getting his timing down . mcintyre said they knew the punching dulorme would wear out , though he lasted longer than they expected . arum this week called crawford a new superstar on the horizon , and said this fight a ' very , very crucial first step ' for crawford to join the truly elite group of fighters . arum was at the bout halfway between dallas and fort worth that came only two weeks before the long-awaited fight in las vegas between another of his boxers , manny pacquiao , and floyd mayweather jr . dulmore was unable to recover from his knockdown and the referee stopped the fight . in an earlier eight-round lightweight matchup of previously unbeaten fighters , ismail muwendo from minneapolis improved to 17-0 with a majority decision over rolando chinea from lancaster , pennsylvania . one judge had the fight as a draw , while the others had it in favor of muwendo . chinea dropped to 10-1-1 . benjamin ' the blaxican ' whitaker from san antonio improved to 9-1 as a pro with a unanimous decision over skender halili , a boxer from nearby fort worth whose had won each of his previous eight professional fights by knockout . michigan 's anthony barnes won a unanimous decision over fort worth 's martinez porter in a six-round super middleweight bout .