russian premier league team torpedo moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a nazi symbol , the club 's fourth racism-related punishment this season . torpedo supporters showed the flag during the club 's 3-1 win over arsenal tula on sunday . the punishment will not take effect until may because torpedo are already required to play their next two home games behind closed doors for a separate incident in which fans abused zenit st petersburg striker hulk with monkey chants . sunday 's clash between torpedo moscow and arsenal tula was marred by violence and racism . a fan lays on the ground after being attacked by rival supporters during torpedo 's latest away game . sunday 's game was also marred by crowd violence , with torpedo fans attacking arsenal supporters and police . for that , torpedo fans will be barred from the club 's next three away games , with the exception of women and children under 13 . torpedo was fined a total of 900,000 rubles ( £11,000 ) for various offenses including the nazi banner , the fighting , use of pyrotechnics by fans , and insulting chants . arsenal received a 480,000-ruble ( £6,000 ) fine on charges including failing to secure the stadium properly . police detained 15 fans at the game , of which seven face charges , russian agency tass reported on monday . in response to the incidents at sunday 's game , torpedo president alexander tukmanov told the r-sport agency that the club 's fans seemed to be ' probably the most aggressive ' of any top-flight russian team . torpedo 's previous three racism offenses this season all involved monkey chants against opposition players . torpedo are already due to play their next two home games behind closed doors after aiming monkey chants at zenit st petersburg during their fixture last month . club were also punished after fans abused dynamo moscow defender christopher samba earlier in season . the latest punishment comes a week after the russian football union appointed its first dedicated anti-racism inspector , who is tasked with gathering evidence to punish clubs for racism-related incidents at matches . a report by two anti-discrimination organizations last month said there were more than 200 cases of discriminatory behavior linked to russian soccer over two seasons , as the country prepares to host the 2018 world cup . separately on tuesday , zenit coach andre villas-boas was given a suspended one-game ban by the russian football union for repeatedly breaking rules on leaving his technical area at games throughout the season .