an eight-grade girl accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed must remain in adult jail while awaiting trial , a judge . a defense petition to return 14-year-old jamie silvonek to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent after the body of 54-year-old cheryl silvonek was discovered last month was denied by lehigh county judge maria dantos on friday . district attorney jim martin had opposed the petition on behalf of the teenager , who is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy . her boyfriend , caleb barnes , 20 , who is from el paso , texas , but was stationed at fort meade , maryland , is charged with homicide . jamiesilvonek , the eighth-grader accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed must remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial , it was ruled on friday . cheryl silvonek 's body was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of philadelphia , and her vehicle partially submerged in a pond a few miles from the family home . jamie silvonek was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women 's housing unit , away from older inmates , county officials said . authorities said barnes and the teenager met in october , when she was 13 , but she told him she was 17 . records show the 14-year-old was upset that her mother had shown her boyfriend her passport as proof that silvonek was not 17 . the teen 's mother found out about their relationship in early march and ordered them to end it . a day later , the teen told barnes in a text message , ' i want her gone , ' police said . on march 14 , cheryl silvonek learned that barnes intended to take her daughter to a concert in scranton . ' he is not coming to this house , ' cheryl silvonek texted to her daughter , who had taken the sat college entrance exam that morning , according to a police affidavit . the eighth-grader sent her mother a text in response begging her to let them go . ' mom , if i ca n't go i 'm going to have a mental breakdown , ' she said , according to the affidavit . ' i need to go and i need to be with my friends . i feel so desolate mother . ' cheryl silvonek agreed to drive her daughter and barnes to the show . on their way , the teenager and her boyfriend continued exchanging messages . ' i love you . we can do this . we 'll just drive her car then , right ? ' jamie wrote , the affidavit said . barnes replied in a text , ' no . that leaves us as the suspects . ' the three drove back to the silvonek home after the show , and barnes allegedly stabbed cheryl silvonek . the couple then ate at a restaurant and went to walmart to buy gloves , bleach and other cleaning supplies , authorities said . police found the body in a shallow grave a few miles from the silvonek home . the victim 's blood-soaked car was found submerged in a pond nearby . investigators were able to trace the car back to the silvonek home . when they arrived , they found barnes , the girl and silvonek 's husband , david . the girl and barnes were in an upstairs bedroom and the father was still asleep , cbs 13 reported . barnes was previously charged with criminal homicide , abuse of a corpse and statutory sexual assault . there is evidence he had sex with the girl shortly before the killing , according to police . the 14-year-old was charged earlier with abuse of a corpse , tampering with evidence and hindering apprehension . 14-year-old jamiesilvonek allegedly conspired to kill her mother cheryl silvonek with her 20-year-old boyfriend ' because she disapproved of their relationship ' . barnes confessed to stabbing cheryl silvonek in the neck multiple times while they were in silvonek 's car , and jamie silvonek admitted she was there when he did it and helped dispose of the body , according to an affidavit of probable cause . the teen 's attorney , john waldron , said thursday he believes his client was under barnes ' control , and that given the age disparity ' there has to be some type of duress or coercion ' . he said his client ' cried incessantly and told me how much she missed her mom ' and she feared for her life and that of her father . waldron said he intends to have jamie silvonek examined by a forensic psychologist and will petition to have the case moved to juvenile court . silvonek 's attorney said the girl tearfully told him she missed her mother , and claimed she was coerced by her soldier boyfriend and afraid for her life . police found the body of cheryl silvonek in a shallow grave a few miles from her home . the victim 's blood-soaked car was found submerged in a pond nearby . 