thomas muller became the leading german scorer in the champions league on tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with bayern munich supporters as pep guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win . muller , 25 , netted the fourth goal of bayern 's 6-1 demolition of porto in the second leg of the champions league quarter-final at the allianz arena to secure their place in the last four . it was the world cup winner 's 27th champions league goal , taking him past former bayern team-mate mario gomez and making him the highest-scoring german since the tournament took its current shape in 1992 . thomas muller leads the celebrations with bayern munich supporters after the champions league win . the germany international uses a megaphone to stir up the fans that remained after the final whistle . supporters responded to muller 's chants as they celebrated the win against porto on tuesday night . muller lets out a cry as the supporters joined in behind him after bayern munich reached the last four . 1 . thomas muller - 27 . 2 . mario gomez - 26 . 3 . michael ballack - 16 . 4 . miroslav klose - 14 . 5 . carsten jancker - 13 . it was a night to savour in bavaria as the home side blitzed their portuguese opposition , who had sprung a surprise in the first leg by inflicting a 3-1 defeat on the bundesliga champions . but five first-half goals by thiago alcantara , jerome boateng , robert lewandowski ( two ) and muller ensured bayern 's safe passage into the semi-final . and after the match the bayern players remained on the pitch for some time as they celebrated with supporters behind the goal . as the squad lined up linking arms in the penalty area muller scaled the fence to reach the first row of fans , and with a megaphone in hand stirred up a frenzy as he led the chants . the supporters followed before muller climbed down to join the rest of the team as they danced on the pitch while fans sung in celebration . the supporters look down at muller as he leads the celebrations after a convincing bayern win . muller scored his 27th goal in the champions league during bayern 's 6-1 win at the allianz arena . the world cup winner 's deflected shot squirmed past the wrong-footed fabiano in the porto goal . after watching his side storm into the semi-final , bayern boss guardiola hailed his players for their first-half performance . ' it 's easy to love my players now , ' said guardiola . ' i am the coach of extraordinary players . i did n't expect such a first half . ' we can still play better , ' he added . ' we lost the ball here and there and we can improve on that . we had a few problems in the second half . ' they had only a few chances but you should never relax in the champions league . '