horticulturalists have urged people to halt the ' grey sprawl ' in britain which is seeing grass and flowers in front gardens replaced by concrete . more than 7million front lawns in britain have now been paved over - raising the risk of flooding and reducing available habitats for wildlife . and there are not just environmental consequences of replacing grass and wild flowers with brick , as the sight of a green garden is said to boost people 's mood . more than 7million gardens in britain have now been paved over and the rhs is calling for people to plant hedges , trees and flowers to turn the uk green again - as grassy well kept gardens boost mood . the royal horticultural society ( rhs ) is calling on people to plant trees , shrubs , climbers , hedges or flowers to attract wildlife , improve air quality and reduce urban temperatures and the risk of flooding . alistair griffiths , rhs director of science and collections , said : ' many of us get a boost by simply looking at a beautiful garden or having access to green space . ' so instead of paving over green we can all play a part in reducing the grey and brightening it , and us , up with some plants . ' on top of making us feel better and happier , if hundreds and thousands of people across the country across the country grew more plants of different varieties in gardens and community spaces , it would all help to improve our air quality , benefit us , our wildlife and reduce temperatures and flooding risks . the society has issued advise for people to transform their gardens by planting a tree , hedge and a shrub . the rhs has launched a three year ' greening grey britain ' campaign in a bid to transform 6,000 unloved grey , concrete spaces into planted-up areas . a survey of 2,000 people by the organisation found that 95 per cent thought being in a beautiful garden lifted their mood . more than 60 per cent said looking at a street of paved-over front gardens saddened them . the rhs says replace paving with plants . the rhs has suggested people can transform their concrete front gardens by planting five things ; a tree - intercept intense rain and slow run-off , helping reduce risk of floods . a hedge - provide areas of shade . a shrub - create extra habitats for wildlife which can promote growing of more plants . a climber - cool buildings . a perennial plant - reduce pressure on drains which can lead to flash flooding . the poll also found that 60 per cent of people worry about paved front gardens and flooding . the society is offering tips on how to transform grey areas . tips include pulling up a paving stone and planting it up , to creating window boxes and planting trees and climbers in front gardens which can cool buildings . around 30,000 volunteers who worked on the britain in bloom competition will also help transform concrete britain into a greener space in the three years of the campaign . 