left his post : army sgt . bowe bergdahl walked away from the army and was captured by the taliban in june of 2009 . the former chairman of the joint chiefs admiral mike mullen knew that army sgt . bowe bergdhal deserted his post in 2009 , claim three of the controversial soldier 's comrades . the men say that mullen , who served president obama and then secretary of defense robert gates six years ago , was certain that bergdahl had fled the army and was guilty of desertion . the claims mean that mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before national security adviser susan rice told the world that bergdahl served honorably . it also casts a huge shadow over the deal to swap five taliban commanders for bergdahl that culminated in a rose garden ceremony hosted by obama to celebrate his release and attended by his parents . ' i asked him ( mullen ) if he knew about bergdahl and that he deserted and he ( mullen ) told me that he knew of the circumstances surrounding his walking off , ' said former sgt . matt vierkant told fox , ' and that they were developing leads and following leads , trying to do everything they could to get him back . ' this development comes one week after officials scheduled a july hearing for the army sergeant who left his post in afghanistan and was held by the taliban for five years . bergdahl says he walked away because of ptsd and is not a deserter . vierkrant claims he and two other collegagues , evan buetow and cody full , were providing security for mullen while he was on a trip to afghanistan in december 2009 - six months after bergdahl was captured . vierkrant claims that during an unguarded question and answer session , mullen said they could ask him anything . ' so matt asked him , you know bergdahl deserted , what 's going on with that ? and admiral mullen said , ' yes , we know all the circumstances surrounding bergdahl walking away from the op ( outpost , ) and we 're still working on getting him back , figuring out where he is and kind of figuring out that whole situation . ' scroll down for video . admiral mike mullen , former chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , allegedly told three comrades of bergdahl that the soldier was a deserter . specialist cody full confirmed that this is what mullen said as did buetow . ' i do n't remember him being taken aback by it at all , you know , he knew what was going on , he answered not confidently but he did n't have to think about it , he did n't want to give us some political answer , ' buetow explained to fox . ' he just gave us an answer . ' according to former white house aides this means it is inconceivable that mullen would not have told president obama and raises questions as to the prisoner swap for a known deserter . ' if mullen knew , and now it 's alleged that he did know , it would be , it would be unthinkable that he did n't pump this up the chain of command , his chain of command , or , tell the president directly , ' said brad blakeman , a former bush white house staffer to fox news . ' at a minimum , this would have been included in the president 's daily brief , and at a maximum , it would 've been told directly to the president by mullen . ' days after his rescue ( right ) , bergdahl ( pictured left in a video released by the taliban in 2010 ) was in stable condition at a u.s. military hospital in germany . u.s. president barack obama stands with bob bergdahl ( r ) and jami bergdahl ( l ) as he delivers a statement about the release of their son , prisoner of war u.s. army sergeant bowe bergdahl , in the rose garden at the white house in may , 2014 . mullen spoke to fox news and defended his decisions . ' from the moment sgt . bergdahl went missing , the u.s. military was focused on finding him -- as it does with any serviceman or woman who goes missing . the exact circumstances were not known then , nor did they drive our decisions . we do not leave our people behind . ' vierkant said that he wants to know what his superior officers knew and when they knew it . ' i want to ask him ( mullen ) did they brief the white house ? who knew about it and why would you still do this trade knowing all the information that you knew ? ' said vierkant . ' we do n't leave anyone behind . the thing is , we never left him ( bergdahl ) behind . he left us behind . he chose to walk off and do whatever and get captured , that was his fault . those were his choices . ' bergdahl is charged with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy . army officials announced thursday that his article 32 hearing will be held july 8 at fort sam houston , texas . that proceeding is similar to a civilian grand jury . from there , it could be referred to a court-martial and go to trial . officials say bergdahl walked away from his post in afghanistan and was captured by the taliban . he was then released from taliban control in a prisoner exchange last may for five taliban commanders . he faces up to life in prison if convicted of misbehavior before the enemy .