elephants are often seeing travelling single file , using their trunk to hold onto another mammal’s tail in front of them . but one young elephant decided to go it alone , when it walked alongside its herd and even broke their chain . captured at whipsnade zoo , the video shows keepers assisting six elephants along a path – five of which walk in single file . the baby elephant can be seen walking alongside its herd , which travel in a single file line . as the first three elephants move from the shot , the fourth – a smaller elephant – is flanked by a baby . it stops to dawdle as it reaches the grass and uses its trunk to pick something up off the floor before setting off again . finding itself in between the last two elephants as it begins walking , the young mammal’s back gets in the way and causes the link to break . the baby elephant stops to dawdle and picks something up from the floor with its trunk . it then rather cheekily forces its way into the line at the expense of the huge – and rather understanding – elephant behind it . uploading the video to newsflare , the filmmaker wrote : ‘ we had just come out of the bear’s exhibit at whipsnade zoo when we saw elephants being led by zookeepers along the road , it was so amazing and unexpected . ‘ i quickly grabbed my camera to take photos and managed to get a video of them holding each other’s tails , i had never seen elephants hold their tails in a line before , it was quite remarkable . the baby elephant goes to start walking once more and manages to break the elephant chain with its back . ‘ the little baby elephant was constantly stopping or running off to the frustration of the other elephants , it was hilarious to watch him being put in his place . ’ whipsnade zoo opened in 1931 and was originally known as whipsnade wild animal park . located at whipsnade , near dunstable in bedfordshire , the zoo has a land area of 600 acres and , as of 2012 , was home to 2,741 . the cheeky elephant forces itself into the line of elephants after breaking their tail-to-trunk chain .