jason gillespie has been appointed the new coach of big bash league side adelaide strikers in a move that will see him combine the role with his duties at yorkshire . the 39-year-old has been an influential figure at headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in november 2011 , and led them to the lv= county championship title last year . while his coaching position with the white rose is unaffected , he has signed a two-year deal with the south australian franchise in a move that had been widely anticipated . yorkshire coach jason gillespie has taken up a role with big bash team adelaide strikers . he will begin his role there in december , when the next edition of the bbl gets under way . gillespie , who played for south australia during the entirety of his playing career , said : ' i would like to place on record my gratitude to yorkshire county cricket club for allowing me to coach in the big bash league . ' i am looking forward to bringing back some knowledge and experiences to yorkshire , which will improve our t20 cricket going forward . jono dean in action for the adelaide strikers during the 2014 edition of the big bash . ' i am excited to be taking charge of my hometown team in the adelaide strikers . their initial interest came a few weeks ago and after a few conversations i am pleased that we came to an agreement . ' the opportunity to coach and build on the strikers ' recent success is a great challenge . ' gillespie will take up his new post with the full blessing of yorkshire , who have never won england 's domestic twenty20 competition . gillespie played in 71 tests and 97 one-day internationals for australia . chief executive mark arthur said : ' i want to make it absolutely clear that jason ( gillespie ) is primarily our senior coach and he will join adelaide strikers with our blessing for a short period at the end of the year . it will advance his own skill-set , which ultimately will benefit yorkshire . ' over the last 10 to 12 years we have underperformed in the t20 competition . this year we have made it a priority . we will be making a concerted effort to be amongst the elite . '