this is the seven-bedroom tudor stone mansion where real estate heir - and alleged killer - robert durst spent his formative years . and it could be yours for $ 3.8 million . the 71-year-old 's childhood home in scarsdale , new york , hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in california . but realtors have glossed over the coincidence , and the checkered past involving durst 's mother 's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32 . on the market : this seven-bedroom , tudor mansion in scarsdale , new york , is where real estate heir robert durst grew up . traditional : the property boasts century-old wood paneled on the ceilings and maids ' quarters as it hits the market for $ 3.8 million . the sweeping marble staircase is lifted from the original waldorf-astoria hotel , which conrad hilton labeled ' the greatest of them all ' . trial : robert durst , 71 , appeared in a new orleans court on thursday to defend his possession of a gun as he awaits his murder trial . the zillow listing describes the property as ' meticulously maintained ' , ' grand ' , ' gracious ' , and ' elegant ' . with five fireplaces , a custom-designed chandelier and maids ' quarters , 27 hampton road is certainly no hovel . would-be buyers could inherit a wood-paneled library , a three-car garage , an outdoor dining room and even a solarium . the marble staircase is lifted from the original waldorf-astoria , and the ceilings have traditional wood beams . multi-faceted : the family home , which is described as ' grand ' and ' meticulously maintained ' , comes with a library and five fireplaces . ' elegant ' : a number of the bedroom share this style of domed roofing with iron-paneled windows in traditional english style . luxurious : would-be buyers could get this marble-framed hot tub bath in on of the five the traditionally styled bathrooms . grandeur : the listing , which has been up for seven days , emphasizes ' classic architecture ' that can accommodate ' relaxed living ' . chandelier : this is one of the facets zillow highlights to emphasize the grandeur of the property . solarium : the conservatory area has a wood-paneled glass ceiling and stone walls . rural : the solarium looks out onto the leafy surroundings of the scarsdale house in rural new york state . when he was seven , durst 's 32-year-old mother either jumped or fell to her death from the roof of the family home in scarsdale . the 71-year-old real estate scion is awaiting extradition to face murder charges in california appeared in new orleans accused of illegal gun possession . durst was arrested in the louisiana city on march 14 on charges of possession of a weapon by a felon and possession of a gun with a controlled substance , which carry a combined maximum sentence of 30 years in prison , but has yet to be formally charged . and 12 years after being acquitted for the 2003 murder and dismemberment of his neighbor morris black , he is wanted for the 2000 murder of his friend susan berman . his defense team was expected to challenge the louisiana case by accusing police of searching durst 's hotel room in the city without a proper arrest warrant . the 71-year-old real estate scion is awaiting extradition to face murder charges in california over the death of susan berman . the trials come twelve years after durst was acquitted for the 2003 murder and dismemberment of his neighbor morris black . however , proceedings failed to gain momentum because no witnesses appeared for the trial . durst 's defense team had subpoenaed two fbi agents and a state trooper - none of whom materialized . as durst appeared to be sleeping as he was shackled in the courtroom , the judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing .  