scientists claim the computer keyboard could be a powerful new tool in their battle against parkinson 's disease . researchers in massachusetts believe a person 's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills . now they 're working on creating a keyboard that can tell doctors if someone has the neuron impairment , simply by analysing the way they type . scroll down for video . scientists claim the common computer keyboard could be a powerful new tool in their battle against parkinson 's disease . researchers in massachusetts say a person 's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills . for the body to begin moving , the brain 's primary motor cortex sends signals through several other brain regions , including the supplementary motor area , cerebellum , and basal ganglia . these brain areas activate spinal neurons that stimulate muscles to execute the movement . but many factors can interfere with motor ability , including sleep deprivation , which reduces dexterity . in people with parkinson 's disease , dopamine-producing cells in part of the brain called the substantia nigra are killed off , leading to tremors , slowness of movement , and difficulty walking . researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology have now created an algorithm that can tell how effectively someone is striking a keypad . for instance , it can distinguish between typing done in the middle of the night , when sleep deprivation impairs motor skills , and typing performed when fully rested . it does this by analysing something known as ' key hold time ' - a measure of how long a key is pressed before being released . the study is based on the premise that ' there might be hidden information in the way that we type , ' says ian butterworth , one of researchers . ' at the moment , pretty much all of the other information in typing is thrown out . we just pay attention to what keys are being pressed , not when or for how long . ' scientists have developed a six-minute test which could give an early diagnosis of parkinson 's disease . currently parkinson 's patients only discover they have the debilitating neurological problem when the symptoms have already taken hold . but last year oxford university academics have come up with a new way of spotting the disease at an early stage . the researchers were able to detect early parkinson 's disease with a remarkable 85 per cent accuracy . the technique uses an mri scanner to monitor the neural connections in a concentrated area at the very centre of the brain . even at a very early stage , parkinson 's patients had much weaker connections in the basal ganglia region of the brain , which is associated with motor control . the study , which has been published in the journal neurology , found that by taking 180 pictures in six minutes they could spot the poor connections . they also found that the test had a very low chance of incorrectly diagnosing healthy people with the disease . this study focused on the effects of fatigue , but the researchers say they could diagnose conditions that impair motor function , such as parkinson 's disease , much earlier than is now possible . preliminary results from a study of about two dozen parkinson 's patients suggest that the researchers ' algorithm for analysing keystrokes can also distinguish people who have the disease from those who do n't . the team is now planning a larger study of parkinson 's patients . they are also working on smartphone apps that could be used to gather the same kind of data from mobile devices . ' we thought this was a unique opportunity to have a window into the brain using your normal interactions with an electronic device , ' says mit researcher alvaro sanchez-ferro . ' you already have the hardware . you just have to let someone evaluate the information you collect every day when you use the device , and try to pull it out for health-related purposes . ' people are usually diagnosed with parkinson 's disease five to 10 years after the beginning of the disease , and lot of the damage has already been done , the researchers say . john growdon , director of the memory and movement disorders unit at massachusetts general hospital , says it will be important for the researchers to demonstrate in future studies that the typing deficiencies correlate with the severity of parkinson 's disease . ' overall , it strikes me that this has great potential to detect subtle motor impairments even in advance of a clinician 's ability to find them , ' adds growdon , who was not involved in the study . the researchers believe this strategy could also be used to evaluate patients with other diseases that affect motor skills , such as rheumatoid arthritis . ' this might have applications in any disease producing a motor impairment , whether it 's in your hands and muscles or the brain , ' sanchez-ferro says . the team are working on smartphone apps that may be used to gather the same type of data from mobiles .