it 's amazing what a bit of make-up can do . in a startling new tutorial youtube star promise tamang turns herself into maleficent , angelina jolie 's character from the movie of the same name . but where the mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve the unnaturally sharp cheekbones , promise 's bone structure is a result of clever contouring . scroll down for video . in a new youtube tutorial promise tamang has turned herself into maleficent , angelina jolie 's character from the upcoming movie of the same name . this is n't the first time she has transformed herself into a disney character though . promise has previously made videos of herself as elsa from frozen and princess jasmine from aladdin . when she posted a picture taken from the tutorial to instagram many of her followers could n't believe their eyes . one commented : ' this girl is ridiculously talented ! she can make herself look like anyone with her makeup shading including lips ! crazy . ' on the video she reveals her step-by-step process beginning with a thick all-over pale foundation . over the top of that she sucked in her cheeks to begin the contouring technique made famous by kim kardashian . but while the reality star makes sure her maquillage is properly blended , promise shows how she draws a sharp line diagonally along the length of her cheekbones to create the character 's highly chiselled bone structure . in the four minute film promise takes her followers through the steps to transform herself into maleficent . here promise is seen heavily contouring her face having applied heavy eyebrows and a pale base . to highlight them even more , she added another layer of even paler make-up to the tops of her cheekbones and under her eyes . next came perfectly applied berry lipstick and long black eyelashes applied with tweezers . the finished result is uncannny as she dons a latex headdress with horns just like jolie 's own in the retelling of the classic sleeping beauty fairy tale . one commenter wrote : ' your [ sic ] amazing at what you do . promise has been posting youtube make-up tutorials for six years now having started her channel in 2009 and now has 2.8 million subscribers . on her youtube profile she writes : ' i use make-up to transform myself into famous celebrities and characters . ' it started out as a hobby 4 years ago and now i am here using this awesome platform to teach and entertain millions around the world . ' promise colours her lips in before adding a mac lipstick on top - the make-up brand created a collection inspired by the film . promise uses a pair of tweezers to place false eyelashes onto her eyelid . her facebook page states : ' i am not a professional make-up artist nor did take any lessons in it . i am purely self taught ! ' along with disney princesses , she 's also transformed herself into the likes of drake , johnny depp and michael jackson . in the four minute video promise talks her viewers through the steps that she took to get her maleficent look . she uses many products from mac 's maleficent collection including the eye shadows and eyelashes . here we look back at some of her other amazing looks ... in another look promise transformed herself into elsa ( left ) and anna ( right ) from the film frozen . in this brilliant transformation promise has turned herself into the rap artist drake . here promise holds a bow and arrow as she tries her hand at being merida from the film brave . promise is princess esmeralda got this look , when doing her transformations promise also buys outfits to complete the look . promise attached facial hair to her chin for this look which saw her become the actor johnny depp . with her dark hair and pretty make-up promise looks just like the character princess jasmine from the film alladin .  