finding a prom partner can be stressful . and for openly-gay high school junior , anthony martinez , he 'd reached his wits ' end trying to find a ' boy date ' . in a last-ditch attempt to find a suitor for his may 2 dance in nevada , he tuned to social media and was over-joyed when his straight guy friend , jacob lescenski , stepped in to fill the spot . he was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of ' likes ' and retweets online . lescenski greeted martinez in the locker room at desert oasis high school on tuesday morning with a huge pink banner reading : ' you 're hella gay , i 'm hella str8 , but you 're like my brother , so be my d8 ? ' delighted : openly-gay high school junior , anthony martinez , was touched when his straight guy pal jacob lescenski , came up with an extra special promposal idea ( the pair are seen , right ) . martinez instantly responded to the question with a big ' yes ' and excited hug . he later posted a photo of him with lescenski alongside the banner . in the caption he voiced his delight , writing : ' guess who just got asked to prom by @ jacob_lescenski . ' he 's 100per cent straight i promise but he 's a real man because he has the guts to fulfil his best friend 's dream and take him to a dance . ' i could n't ask for a better friend . ' best of friends : martinez instantly responded to the question with a big ' yes ' and excited hug . final countdown : just the day before he 'd launched a plea for a prom date on twitter . lescenski told cnn that initially he was worried about how people might judge his grand gesture but decided to go forward with it anyway . ' if it made anthony happy , and fulfilled his dream of going to prom with a guy , and had a date to prom myself , nothing else mattered , ' he said . lescenski 's original prom plans had also fallen through , meaning he was suddenly freed up for the night . in the spotlight : fans have said they are now looking forward to seeing photos of lescenski and martinez on their prom outing . by putting his friend first , he quickly won over the internet . ' i had to post this again my son 's gay and has many straight friends and to see this made my heart melt , ' one fan wrote after seeing a photo of the promposal . another said of lescenski : ' this guy knows the real mean of friend , ' other commenters have said they are now looking forward to seeing photos of lescenski and martinez on their prom outing .