every country in the world may have its rich kids of instagram , but in mexico the increasingly ostentatious displays of wealth by the young elite is taking on a political dimension . in a country where a significant majority of citizens live in poverty , the self-styled mirreyes ( my kings ) , with their champagne and sports cars , are increasingly exposing the amount of wealth concentrated into a relatively small number of hands . mirreyes , which refers to individuals who enjoy ' ostentatious spending , exhibitionism and narcissism ' and are ' placed above all others ' , post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name . scroll down for video . ballers and shotcallers : mirreyes are often the sons and daughters of the members of mexican high society . laying out and living it up : many of the photos posted by mirreyes showcase luxurious vacation spots . it 's just one big fiesta : a glance through the social media profile of a mirrey often reveals a party picture . bling : good clothes , nice watches and a flashy style are almost prerequisites for becoming one of the mirreyes . ready for takeoff : an expert on the subject of mirreyes said ' the key is the purchasing power the mirrey boasts ' . three for the money : mirreyes ' displays of wealth can lead to political and legal advantages down the road . they are often the sons and daughters of government officials , wealthy businessman and other members of mexican high society and although their displays of wealth can be embarrassing , they can also lead to political and legal advantages , maclean's reported . one such individual , the eldest son of then-chiapas attorney general raciel lopez salazar , jumped off a cruise ship off the coast of brazil during the 2014 world cup and vanished without a trace , before he jumped off the ship 's 15th floor and disappeared beneath the waves , 29-year-old jorge alberto l贸pez amores told his friends to take cellphone videos of his leap . he said : ' i 'll stop this cruise , i 'll make history . ' l贸pez got his wish as the boat stopped for two hours to search for him , according to vivelo hoy . his story is not the only example of the celebration of excess gone wrong . in 2012 , the daughter of oil workers ' union boss carlos romero deschamps was brought into the spotlight for posting photos of her luxury lifestyle , including gucci bags and expensive wine , on facebook . her flashy pictures did not sit well in a country where people work an average of 2 226 hours a year and households take in an average of $ 12,850 per year after taxes . their stories are just examples of what the author of a book about mirreyes called the mexican ' generation me ' . keeping time : people often post pictures of watches and other luxuries like designer bags and or alcohol . rought : in mexico , the images of wealth are shocking as households take in an average of $ 12,850 per year . symbol : jorge alberto l贸pez amores ( right ) , who likely died after jumping off a boat , is an example of a mirrey . purchasing power : mirreyes might not even think twice about spending hundreds of dollars on a stuffed bear . selfie star : l贸pez , the son of then-chiapas attorney general raciel lopez salazar , jumped off a yacht in 2014 . no need to pimp my ride : mirreyes obtain cash from sources like inheritance , theft , corruption or the lottery . kiss the bling : many of the photos posted by mirreyes will either have a shiny watch , fancy champagne , or both . the author of mirreynato , the other inequality , ricardo raphael , wrote in his book : ' the economic wealth mirreyes use is the main marker of class . ' no matter where the money comes - work , inheritance , theft , corruption or lottery- the key is the purchasing power the mirrey boasts ' . by identifying themselves as mirreyes on social media , these seemingly spoiled brats are possibly creating connections which could be important for business and politics in the future because money attracts powerful friends . they are certainly being noticed . in 2011 , a a website called mirrreybook was created by pepe ceballos . he began posting photos of mmirreyes on the site and it quickly became popular . ceballos said : ' mirreyes , who do n't have anything to do with narcos [ narcotics traffickers ] , seem like they 're competing with them to see who has more . ' we 've suddenly seen it in the kind of fashion or the bling-bling . there 's more influence from the narcos . ' in a recent source of embarrassment , mirreyes were also featured in a controversial video that showcased the class of 2015 from private school instituto cumbres in mexico city . in the professionally-produced video , well-dressed male students were shown drinking alcohol while carrying out a casting call with young women who dance , strip and wash their feet . popping bottles : mirreyes are individuals who enjoy ' ostentatious spending , exhibitionism and narcissism ' . the flash and the not-so-furious : members of this select group seem to have few reasons to be upset with life . up in smoke : some mirreyes post photos implying they have something in common with narcotics traffickers . look at me : the selfie has become somewhat of a status symbol and mirreyes frequently use them to show off . future endeavors : by identifying themselves on social media , mirreyes are possibly creating good connections . the all-male catholic school was accused of sexism and promoting privilege after the video began to spread across the internet , according to the national catholic reporter . the school issued an apology late last month . it said : ' the cumbres institute mexico asks for an apology for the content of the video that offended various persons , who have expressed anger . ' this video in no way represents the values and principles of the school , students , families and graduates . ''the necessary measures are being taken with the students involved and to establish rules so that it does not occur again . ' permanent vacation it seems mirreyes travel frequently to foreign destinations judging by the photos they post . power : mirreyes could be important for business and politics in the future because cash attracts friends . ouch : pics of mirreyes relaxing do n't sit well in a country where people work an average of 2 226 hours a year .