internationally renowned design duo becky cooper and bridget yorston - aka bec and bridge - unveiled their highly anticipated new swimwear line on the catwalk at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on monday . following a preview lunch on sunday , attendees at the carriageworks in sydney were treated to a parade of models in skimpy bikinis and one-piece suits . animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection . scroll down for video . jungle fever : a model wears a leopard-print bikini with gladiator sandals at bec and bridge show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia . gold glamazons : the bec and bridge models debuted metallic swimwear and bronzed glows at ss16 showing . peekaboo : the new swimwear line features plenty of cut-out styles . hippy highlight : model wears boho beaded crop top , flowing red maxi skirt and gold cuffs and earrings . dazzling the fashion crowd with a catwalk show only they could do best , bec and bridge 's ss16 collection was filled with glitzy boho glamour- models adorned gold jewellery , flowing dresses and skirts in dark jewel tones including ruby , burnt orange , navy and silver swept the runway floor . the 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by seventies model veruschka and the 1970s period in marrakech . it features both resort wear and sophisticated styles for glamazons with long , flowing maxi skirts and dresses and short midi dresses both structured and unstructured styles with feminine frills thrown in . tinsel-town : jewel-toned metallic fringe dresses and tin foil metallic dresses both featured in the show . it 's a wrap : model wears burnt orange silk wrap top and matching skinny leg jeans . marrakesh models : models wore dark orange , arm cuffs and leather laced heels in a nod to 1970s marrakesh . fishnets and foil : models wear metallic foil pieces and fishnet overswim . in what appears to be a nostalgic throwback to the wizard of oz , a silver metallic 'tin-man ' also captured eyes on the runway with a two-piece silver pant suit making an appearance - adding an androgynous look and setting the tone for futuristic metallics debuting in swim . a highlight of the collection was the aforementioned metallic swim-wear , the one and two piece range stealing the show low-cut sport luxe waist bands and models adorning gold arm cuffs and oversized earrings . over-swim layers were also paired alongside the bikinis with models wearing either edgy black fishnet dresses or exotic printed kimonos . designer du jour : bridget yorsten ( left ) and becky cooper 's ( right ) show has been highly anticipated . bec and bridge take a bow : the design duo take to runway in navy gowns at the conclusion of their ss16 show . the collection was completed with leather laced open-toe heels adding a warrior edge to the amazonian goddess look as well as bronzed skin courtesy of st tropez . those who attended the show also seen to match the iconic look of the label , with model jecinta campbell wearing burgundy two-piece wrap top and skirt with leather laced heels and rebecca judd wearing a black studded dress with suede laced heels . fashion police : terry biviano ( left ) , rebecca judd ( centre-left ) , carissa walford ( centre-right ) and jesinta campbell ( right ) rule the row . match the models : jecinta campbell ( left ) and rebecca judd ( right ) wore leather shoes similar to the models . 