two ' unemployed rich kids ' have caused outrage in china after causing a major traffic accident in central beijing by racing and wrecking an underpass and two luxurious supercars . the spectacular crash on saturday wrote a green lamborghini off and wrecked a red ferrari . both drivers have now been charged by the local public security bureau with dangerous driving and have been detained , according to the people 's daily online . the green lamborghini and red ferrari - which are worth a combined total of £1.3million - are believed to have been racing through the underpass in beijing when the drivers lost control and crashed . the green lamborghini was completely wrecked during the crash and the front end was completely severed . neither driver was hurt but a female passenger in the lamborghini was taken to the local hospital with non-life threatening injuries . although both of the drivers claimed the accident was caused by the slippery road conditions at the entrance of the tunnel , the state of the crash scene led chinese internet users to speculate that the pair had been ' drag racing ' , which is illegal in china . the crash occurred two hours before ' fast and furious 7 ' broke the record for midnight screenings on its launch in china , according to the hollywood reporter . the 20-year-old driver of the ferrari , yu , from changchun city in jilin , and the 20-year-old driver of the green lamborghini , tang , a native of beijing , are both reported to be unemployed - which fuelled more backlash from people online considering the two cars are worth in excess of 12 million yuan - or £1.3 million . ' guopang ' from guangxi said ' why did n't the drivers die ? no justice ! ' another 'bluesky1963 ' from hunan said simply ' the spoilt rich . ' and ' dajianye ' from beijing said ' that part of the road has daily car races and the sound is deafening . this is definitely the result of car racing . ' ' socialism is so good that it allows unemployed people to drive supercars , ' one posting said on sina weibo , china 's version of twitter , mocking the country 's authoritarian system of communist rule . ' what are their names ? who are their fathers ? ' one netizen asked . ' were they in a hurry to watch fast and furious 7 ? ' said another . both cars caused extensive damage to the guard rail and a 10 metre section of the tunnel wall ( pictured ) . the maximum speed inside the tunnel is 60km an hour . eyewitnesses said that halfway through the 1.2km tunnel the speeding lamborghini swerved suddenly and lost control . the ferrari also lost control not long after and both cars caused extensive damage to the guard rail and a 10 metre section of the tunnel wall . the cost of the damage is expected to be recouped from the drivers . the people 's daily reports that the wreckage of the lamborghini was around 100 metres from the ferrari and that there were no brake marks visible on the road . debris from the cars and damaged wall were scattered across the area and closed off a section of the tunnel . the drivers were not hurt but a passenger in the lamborghini was taken to hospital with non-serious injuries . the crash is believed to have cost thousands of pounds worth of damage to the underpass . local residents told reporters that the tunnel is a frequent spot for car racing especially between 11pm to 12pm - creating incredibly high noise levels which disturb local residents . residents in the nearby fengling lvzhou estate said they have been complaining about illegal racing in the area for years . representatives of the residents told people 's daily online they hear engines rumbling every week and most races take place after midnight . this has not only disturbed their sleep but also brought serious danger to the road . residents have appealed for more speed bumps in the tunnel to prevent racing from happening . a high-speed ferrari crash in the capital in march 2012 killed the son of ling jihua , a close ally of then-president hu jintao . two women passengers , one of them naked , were both injured . the incident added to public perceptions in china of corrupt and high-living officials , and ling has since been investigated for graft and dismissed from his post . a 21-year-old driver crashed his ferrari at high speed in the chinese capital in february last year , killing one passenger and injuring another . both drivers have been charged by the local public security bureau with dangerous driving and detained .