while robin van persie 's career appears to be on the wane , but his son shaqueel could have a bright future ahead of him in the goal scoring ( and celebrating ) stakes . the seven-year-old , who has trained with both manchester clubs and starred in a bt sport advert , showed he has inherited some of his father 's skills after being filmed scoring with a ' scorpion kick ' in his back garden . van persie snr . posted the video on his instagram account , which sees the youngster net with a move made famous by former colombia keeper rene higuita before celebrating with some grease-inspired dance moves - much to the amusement of his dad . although the holland international roars with approval at the goal he referenced his part in the acrobatic goal with the caption : ' great trick shot by shaqueel ! gooooooallllll yessssssss lovely assist though ' . shaqueel van persie waits for his father to lay up a pass fpor him in his back garden . the seven-year-old performs a so-called scorpion kick by leaping forward to kick the ball behind his back . van persie snr roars with approval after his son 's strike finds the back of the net . the youngster has his dad in stitches with what appears to be a goal celebration inspired by the film grease . meanwhile , the manchester united forward will reportedly be offered £5million to leave old trafford in the summer . the 31-year-old striker has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract at old trafford , but united officials are understood to be willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus — agreed when he signed from arsenal in 2012 — to free up wages for another striker . italian giants juventus and inter milan have both been linked with a summer move and united bosses are willing to take a cut-price fee , as they realise van persie will have to take a pay cut to join a serie a side . manchester united will reportedly offer van persie £5million to quit the club this summer . the dutch striker has struggled for fitness this season , but has still managed 10 premier league goals . colombia no 1 rene higuita famously performed a scorpion kick against england at wembley . 