row : tinie tempah pictured performing at an ' intimate gig ' in canterbury last night , where he arrived late and then played just two songs . fans of rapper tinie tempah were left furious when the star turned up hours late to his own ' intimate gig ' and only performed two songs before leaving . music lovers paid nearly £40 to see the singer perform in canterbury last night - only to wait for more than three hours for him to arrive . he then spent just a few minutes on stage , playing two of his songs before telling the crowd ' see you on tour ' and leaving . the club which hosted the event has apologised to the audience and accused tinie of breaking his contract with them . the event was advertised as ' an exclusive and intimate gig with one of britain 's most talented performers ' , with tickets starting at £30 plus booking fees . some fans are believed to have paid more than £100 to meet tinie , 26 , whose real name is patrick okogwu and who is best known for his 2010 hit pass out . ticket-holders had been warned that they would not be let in if they arrived after 11pm - even though tinie was not there until at least three hours later . one member of the audience told mailonline that she stormed out in disgust when the star failed to turn up until after 2am , and then stayed in a vip area meeting fans for another hour . ' we were told we needed to be there by 11 , but he did n't turn up until well past two , ' said the 20-year-old student , who did not want to be named . ' me and my friend left after three and he still had n't played . ' we were n't the only people who left early , a lot of people left . people were n't happy . ' fans who stayed for the late-night performance were treated to just two songs before tinie walked off stage , telling the audience : ' see you on tour . ' venue : bosses at club chemistry said they would seek a refund from tinie 's management . one ticket-holder wrote on twitter today : ' clearly success does n't equal class , tinie tempah showed how little he cares about his fans in canterbury last night . ' she added : ' he did n't deliver on his promises to the club , half-heartedly performed two songs rather than a full set then left . ' a spokesman for club chemistry told mailonline that tinie had breached his contract for the event - and claimed that at one point he threatened not to play a single song . ' we have never been so utterly let down or disappointed by someone we were so excited about , ' she said . ' there was nothing we could do . at one stage his manager actually told us he was not going to perform at all ! ' success : tinie tempah pictured in 2011 after winning two brit awards for his debut album . organisers apologised to those who had bought tickets , saying in a statement : ' we are as disappointed as you . we were promised a two hour set with dj charlesy that included a decent performance from tinie tempah , as well as meet , greet and photos . ' it was all a massive let-down . we have lodged a formal complaint with his management and have demanded your ticket money back . ' club chemistry is committed to delivering quality artists and entertainment and it would appear that some people are not as dedicated to the cause as we are . ' the club said that it would make sure members of the audience are ' compensated ' and promised to keep them updated . representatives for tinie tempah failed to return a request for comment on the row .