an anonymous good samaritan has donated $ 360,000 to pay for a man 's mortgage after he lost his wife and house in the mudslide that swept washington last year . tim ward and his wife of 38 years , brandy , were at home in oso , washington , on march 22 , 2014 , when tons of debris , soil and rock came crashing down from upland . brandy was one of the 43 people crushed by the force of the natural disaster . tim , who broke his pelvis , was buried under 25 feet of mud , but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface . just a week later , as tim started trying to rebuild his life , he was informed he did not have ' landslide insurance ' - and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle his mortgage . scroll down for video . tragic : brandy ward ( right ) was killed in the mudslide that swept oso , washington , in march last year . her husband tim ( left ) survived and has spent the past year trying to pay his mortgage , which a donor has now paid . horrific : the mudslide on march 22 , 2014 , killed 43 people including brandy ward . for a year , tim has been grappling with his financial predicament , while renting a small property nearby . he lost everything in the mudflow . only one of their five dogs survived the mudslide , but lost a leg . the disaster killed their turkeys , chickens and four canines . the mortgage , however , consumed him . but last week , he received a call from chase bank , who said an anonymous donor had paid the lot . before : this was their idyllic home in oso where they reared turkeys and chickens before the mudslide . love : the couple were married for 38 years . tim said he heard brandy call for him before she was killed . overwhelmed : ward said he could n't believe it when chase bank told him the mortgage was all paid for . speaking to nbc news , tim said : ' there are still good samaritans out there . this is life-changing . ' he recalled the horrific day last year : ' she called my name and yelled , `` tim ! '' and from the moment that voice left her body , she had left the man she had been with for 38 years to be with the son of god she 'll be with forever . ' the donor told bank clerks they had read about ward in a newspaper and felt compelled to reach out . ' i honestly have never seen this kind of an act of personal generosity where it 's anonymous , ' phyllis campbell , vice president at jp morgan chase , told nbc news . 