andres iniesta has responded to his critics by claiming he ' never went away ' following a vintage first-half performance in barcelona 's 2-0 win over paris saint-germain on tuesday night . the spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 la liga appearances this season , prompting critics to suggest the 30-year-old was on the decline . but iniesta capped an impressive 45 minutes in his side 's champions league quarter-final second-leg victory over psg with a mesmeric run and pass for neymar to score his first goal of the evening at the camp nou . andres iniesta showed there is life in the old dog yet with a majestic first-half performances versus psg . iniesta provided neymar with his first goal on the night with a trademark through-ball after 14 minutes . ' i was glad to take part in the semi-finals and it was a great night for everyone , ' inietsa told reporters . ' am i back ? i never went away . ' it was not easy at all , despite us having the 3-1 advantage . we 're peaking at a great time by playing well at the end of the season . we have gone from strength to strength , which is what it should be like . ' we 're in great form but we know that matches can be decided by the smallest of details . we know that our presence in the semi-finals is important , though , and it 's great that we made it that far . ' barcelona 's no 8 goes to celebrate with neymar after killing off the french side in the opening half . neymar added his second of the night to make it 30 goals for the season as barcelona cruised past psg . iniesta 's ability to adapt his game may yet add years to his already glittering career at the camp nou . iniesta has been forced to play a deeper role this season to accommodate the triple threat of neymar , luis suarez and lionel messi . and it was from his deep-lying central position that the diminutive midfielder started his slalom through the heart of laurent blanc 's side just shy of the quarter-hour mark , before laying the ball on a plate for neymar to score his 29th goal of the season . iniesta was replaced by xavi at half-time , as barcelona went on to complete a 5-1 aggregate victory that puts them in the draw for the champions league semi-finals for the seventh time in eight years .