devotees endure searing heat , holding their bodies in challenging poses leaving them dripping with sweat but exhilarated at the culmination of a tough workout . bikram yoga improves mindfulness , flexibility , strength , muscle tone and general fitness , advocates boast . but a new study has warned the practise , which involves performing 26 poses , can raise a person 's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels . a typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40°c ( 105°f ) , with 40 per cent humidity . scroll down for video . scientists at the university of wisconsin-la crosse have warned that bikram yoga , which involves 26 poses performed in a room heated to 40°c ( 105°f ) , raises the risk of participants suffering heat stroke . a team of researchers at the university of wisconsin-la crosse has found hot yoga can place pressure cause a person 's heart rate to fluctuate and their core body temperature to reach potentially dangerous levels . emily quandt , who led the study , working under john porcari , said : ' the dramatic increases in heart rate and core temperature are alarming when you consider that there is very little movement , and therefore little cardiovascular training , going on during class . ' twenty apparently healthy volunteers - seven men and 13 women - ranging in age from 28 to 67 took part in the study . all regularly practised bikram yoga and as such were familiar with the 26 standard poses . they were also all acclimatised to the hot , humid environment . before taking part in a session each volunteer swallowed a core body temperature sensor , and was given a heart-rate monitor to wear during the class . body temperature was recorded before the class started , as well as at 10-minute intervals throughout the session . meanwhile heart rate was recorded every minute . the researchers found heart rate fluctuated throughout the class , depending on the difficulty of the pose being performed . but body temperature was found to steadily increase throughout the 90-minute class , in both men and women . the average body temperature for men was 39°c ( 103°f ) and 38°c ( 102°f ) for women . scientists advise that the standard 90-minute class is reduced to just an hour to reduce risks . a male participant recorded the highest core temperature of 40°c ( 104°f ) , while seven volunteers ' temperature reached 39°c ( 103°f ) , the scientists said . they noted that while none of their volunteers exhibited signs or symptoms of heat intolerance , body temperatures such as these can pose a danger for some people . they said the risk for heat-related illness , such as heat stroke , increases at 40°c ( 104°f ) . dr quandt said while the excessive perspiration experienced by people doing bikram yoga is often cited as a benefit because it releases toxins , the results of the new study show this sweating was insufficient to cool down the body . she advises three ways to improve the safety of bikram yoga classes - duration , temperature and hydration . dr quandt noted that participants started to experience dangerous core temperatures around 60 minutes into the session . therefore , shortening the length of the typical class to just an hour could help minimise the risk of heat intolerance . in addition lowering the temperature of the room may appear obvious , but would help reduce the risk dr quandt said . furthermore , hydration lies at the heart of the controversy surrounding bikram yoga , she said . in many classes , participants are designated just one water break . though , many teachers do acknowledge students should hydrate as required throughout their class . some bikram enthusiasts believe that by minimising their water intake they augment the mindful aspects of the practise , with fewer water breaks decreasing the potential for mental distraction . dr porcari , said : ' nothing is gained from withholding water in any setting . ' exercise leaders must actively encourage hydration , particularly when classes take place in extreme environments like those seen in bikram yoga classes . ' he said bikram yoga teachers must be familiar with essential science principles surrounding exercise , including a clear understanding of the physiology of the thermo-regulation . ' knowing the risks associated with things like blood pooling and vasodilation , as well as the signs and symptoms of heat-related illness , is absolutely essential , ' he added . and the researchers said it would be wise to reduce the temperatures in classes , while ensuring all participants are properly hydrated . one male study volunteer recorded a core temperature of 40°c ( 104°f ) .  what are the signs of heat exhaustion ? what are the symptoms of heat stroke ? suspected heat stroke should always be treated as a medical emergency , health experts warn , advising an ambulance is called in extreme cases . dr cedric bryant , chief science officer at the american council on exercise , which commissioned the study , agreed . he said : ' bikram teachers should recognise that participants ' thermoregulatory systems will be challenged in this environment . ' it is essential that they are aware of the early warning signs of heat intolerance . ' the signs include cramps , headache , dizziness and general weakness . it is important that teachers respond appropriately and are trained in what to do in the event of an emergency to keep the participant 's safety as the top priority , dr bryant added . the researchers concluded : ' exercising in hot and humid environments - whether inside a studio while practising bikram yoga , or outside running during the warm months - can place participants at risk for heat-related illness , especially if those individuals do not adequately hydrate before , during and after exercise . ' not only does it take time for the body to acclimatise to activity performed in hot and humid environments , proper hydration is crucial . ' ' given the popularity of bikram yoga and its proven benefits , it is likely here to stay , ' said dr bryant . ' it is our job to make sure it is done safely . ' 