linda thompson , bruce jenner 's second wife , has praised her former husband for being ' a champion for those who share the struggle to just be who they are . ' she tweeted her message of support and pride just hours before bruce 's highly-anticipated sit down interview with diane sawyer is set to air on abc . it 's the first public comment the former beauty queen , who was married to the olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986 , has made about his rumored transition from male to female . scroll down for video . breaking her silence : bruce jenner 's second wife linda thompson tweeted a message of support for the olympian ahead of his abc prime time special with diane sawyer set to air on friday night . supportive and proud : linda , 64 , has said her former husband 's anticipated confirmation that he 's transgender and plans to live as a woman is as monumental as his olympic success . linda shared two pictures of the former decathlete , one of him celebrating his victory at the montreal olympics in 1976 and one of his sporting image on a billboard . she compared his expected revelations about his personal journey to the magnitude of what he accomplished as an athlete . linda had two sons with bruce - brandon and brody - and both have been seen in teaser videos released by the tv network suggesting they are also supportive of their father 's transition . second time around : the star athlete met linda thompson as his first marriage crumbled and as soon as his divorce was finalized in january 1981 , he and linda tied the knot in hawaii . real man : a shirtless bruce happily posed on the cover of playgirl in 1982 with linda , as he continued to reap the rewards of his olympic success . a former beauty queen and an ex-girlfriend of elvis presley , linda and bruce tied the knot in a beach ceremony in hawaii on january 5 , 1981 . the two had started seeing each other while the olympian was still legally married to his first wife chrystie and married as soon as his divorce was finalized . they led a glamorous hollywood lifestyle and were fixtures on the celebrity circuit . linda starred in the hee haw tv series and had small parts in other tv shows and films while bruce worked as a tv commentator and actor , appearing in six episodes of chips and the village people movie ca n't stop the music . in 1982 , the couple posed for the cover of playgirl with bruce shirtless alongside his curvaceous wife . following their divorce in 1986 , linda went on to marry prolific music producer david foster , from whom she was divorced in 2005 , and became a celebrated songwriter in her own right . proud mama : linda shared this photo of herself with her sons brody , 31 , and brandon , 33 , jenner on on april 6 . it 's been reported previously that bruce has said that he told both his first two ex-wives , when their divorces were finalized , that he 's known since childhood that he should really be living as a woman . there have also been persistent stories over the years about the former star athlete 's penchant for wearing women 's clothes . bombshell claims surfaced friday suggesting bruce had , in fact , started a gender transition process in the mid-1980s , following his divorce from linda , but had stopped after he met and fell in love with kris kardashian , who became his third wife . entertainment tonight , quoting ' a source with direct knowledge , ' said bruce , now 65 , had allegedly started hormone therapy and electrolysis and had had plastic surgery to make his features look more feminine . a spokesperson for the father of six declined to comment on the report after being contacted by dailymail.com friday morning . beauty queen : linda was a former miss tennessee who had had a four-year relationship with elvis presley . she and bruce are pictured in december 1980 just weeks before they wed . glamorous couple : both bruce and linda worked as actors in hollywood and were fixtures on the celebrity circuit in tinseltown during their five year marriage . his first wife chrystie crownover , who he married straight out of college in 1972 , expressed her support for her ex a little earlier this year as rumors started swirling about his changing appearance and his possible gender reassignment . ' i just want him to be happy , ' said chrystie who has two children with bruce , burt and cassandra . ' he is a very proud and present grandfather . we all support him . ' third wife kris jenner , mother of his daughters kendall , 19 , and kylie , 17 , has yet to speak publicly about what 's going on with bruce . her daughter kim kardashian told reporters friday in new york that the family will be sitting down together to watch his tv revelations . ex reax : bruce 's college sweetheart and first wife chrystie ( left ) still sees bruce at family gatherings and says she just wants him to be happy . third wife kris ( right ) has not yet said anything publicly about how she feels .  