a lithuanian gangster accused of two murders in his home country has cost taxpayers hundreds of thousands of pounds in a deportation farce after claiming he was too depressed to leave britain . kestutis martuzevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him , claiming they breached his human rights . the 52-year-old , who is wanted for 22 crimes in lithuania , spun out the legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill , leaving the british public to foot the bill . depression claim : in january last year , kestutis martuzevicius was admitted to broadmoor on health grounds but by june his condition had improved and he was returned to belmarsh prison ( above ) . yesterday judges at the european court of human rights criticised his ‘ manifestly ill-founded’ case and ruled the alleged killer should be put on a plane home . in lithuania he is accused of 22 crimes including two murders , robbery and extortion between 1993 and 1997 , when he was a member of the feared daktarai gang . the ruling brought to an end a saga that began when a warrant for his arrest was issued by lithuanian police in june 2010 . his case has cost british taxpayers a six-figure sum , according to legal experts . this figure includes the cost of police time , legal fees racked up by challenging his claims in the courts , the £40,000 a year price of keeping him in the category a prison belmarsh , and treating him at broadmoor high-security psychiatric hospital . his case reignited the row over the ease with which alleged foreign criminals could exploit human rights laws . michael ellis , a former tory mp , said : ‘ this is a shocking example of labour’s human rights act putting the rights of suspected foreign criminals ahead of the rights of the british public . ’ waste of time : judge guido raimondi ( above ) , of the european court of human rights , said : ' the court considers that this complaint is manifestly ill-founded and must be rejected ' . martuzevicius came to the uk in 1996 . it is thought he claimed asylum . he was arrested in london in june 2011 under a european arrest warrant . magistrates agreed to his extradition in october of that year and he was held in belmarsh prior to being sent home . but he appealed to the high court on the grounds he was depressed and would face reprisals by criminals in his homeland if he returned . he claimed this violated article 2 , the right to life , and article 3 , the right to avoid inhumane or degrading treatment or punishment . british judges ruled his extradition would not be unjust because he could expect a fair trial and the authorities would protect him from retaliation . but martuzevicius then launched a new appeal with the european court of human rights . according to court documents , in 2012 he was diagnosed as mentally ill , with a psychiatric report saying he was seriously depressed , suffering from a delusional disorder , and that there was a risk of suicide . in january last year , he was admitted to broadmoor but by june his condition had improved and he was returned to belmarsh . he appealed to strasbourg under article 3 and article 6 of the european convention on human rights , which guarantees the right to a fair trial , because he had not been allowed to argue his ill-health during extradition proceedings . but in a written ruling , the european judges , led by court president guido raimondi , said martuzevicius’s claim that extradition breached his human rights was ‘inadmissible’ . they added : ‘ the court considers this complaint is manifestly ill-founded and must be rejected . ’