the taliban annual ' spring offensive ' began today in afghanistan with the jihadi group claiming responsibility for 108 attacks in the opening five hours . a us air base near kabul and military outposts in nuristan were targeted today as the militants continue to pursue territory in north east afghanistan . according to the official spokesman for the taliban , zabiullah mujahid , over 80 per cent of afghanistan is currently ' controlled ' by the taliban . whilst their figures are exaggerated , the taliban 's new offensive is set to the start of fresh violence in the troubled country . taliban militants opened the offensive today with a failed rocket attack on a us base in bagram air base , situated close to the afghan capital city of kabul . taliban militants opened the offensive today with a failed rocket attack on a us base in bagram air base , situated close to the afghan capital city of kabul . the rocket landed harmlessly in base and despite the taliban claims that they had ' killed and wounded hundreds of americans ' , no casualties have been reported . improvised explosive devices ( ieds ) were also reportedly detonated in kunar and khost province . casualty numbers remain unconfirmed but the attacks symbolize a worrying indicator of the broad areas being targeted by the taliban . the taliban announced the launch of operation azm , meaning ' determination ' , on wednesday , revealing fresh plans to target government buildings and afghan security forces . the taliban have been waging an jihadi insurgency since they were forced out of power in late 2001 . with the emergence of isis , the taliban are already facing a struggle for power in afghanistan . the extremists want to turn afghanistan into an islamic emirate , governed by strict sharia law . in december , photos emerged of a robber being publicly executed by taliban fighters with machine guns . the taliban announced the launch of operation azm , meaning ' determination ' , on wednesday , revealing fresh plans to target government buildings and afghan security forces in what is expected to be the bloodiest fighting season in a decade . with nato forces pulling back from the frontlines , concerns remain whether trained afghan forces will be able to consistently repel the expected barrage of taliban attacks . ' the islamic emirate is going to launch the spring operations under the inspirational name of ' azm ' ( determination ) at 5 am on 24th april 2015 , ' the taliban said in a statement on wednesday , using their official name . ' the main targets of these operations ... will be the foreign occupiers , especially their permanent military bases ... officials of the stooge regime , their military constellations , especially their intelligence , interior ministry and defence ministry officials . ' former afghan taliban fighters are seen holding weapons before they hand them over , as part of a government peace and reconciliation initiative , at a ceremony in jalalabad recently . nato 's combat mission formally ended in december but a small follow-up foreign force has stayed on to train and support local security personnel . us president barack obama last month backpedaled on plans to shrink the us force in afghanistan this year by nearly half , agreeing to keep the current level of 9,800 us troops until the end of 2015 . the taliban , who have waged a deadly insurgency since they were ousted from power in late 2001 , said the announcement would damage any prospect of peace talks as they vowed to continue fighting . aside from the taliban , the afghan government has also repeatedly warned of the islamic state ( is ) group making inroads into the country . president ashraf ghani blamed is for a suicide attack last saturday in the eastern city of jalalabad that killed 33 people and wounded more than 100 others . if verified , that would mark the first major attack by the jihadists in the country . president ashraf ghani blamed is for a suicide attack last saturday in the eastern city of jalalabad that killed 33 people and wounded more than 100 others . afghan security forces are struggling to cope with the new offensive across afghanistan particularly with the gradual withdrawal of nato forces . the upsurge in attacks has taken a heavy toll on ordinary afghans . according to the united nations assistance mission in afghanistan ( unama ) , the number of civilians killed and wounded up by 22 percent in 2014 compared to the previous year . in the first three months of 2015 , civilian casualties from ground fighting were up eight percent on the same period last year , a new unama report said . but in their statement , the taliban said their ' top priority will be given to safeguard and protect the lives and properties of the civilian people ' during the offensive . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .