a mother-of-two has been jailed after stealing almost £80,000 from her dying parents to go on shopping sprees - leaving her elderly father in debt and too poor to afford a telephone . christine lillico , 47 , from heddon-on-the-wall , northumberland , was trusted with looking after her elderly parents ' bank accounts as their health deteriorated with age . but instead of using the money to care for john and audrey air she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle . newcastle crown court ( pictured ) heard mother-of-two christine lillico , 47 was supposed to look after her elderly parents ' bank accounts - but instead stole almost £80,000 from them over a six year period . by the time her fraud was discovered lillico had stolen a total of £78,000 . newcastle crown court heard in the last months of his life mr air went without a telephone and basic amenities , while suffering the shame of being in debt for the first time in his life because of his daughter 's crimes . a judge has now sent lillico to jail and ordered she pay her brother john air junior £39,000 - which would have been his inheritance has she not stolen it . sentencing her to 20 months behind bars , mr recorder baird said : ' you were trusted by your parents to look after them in their elderly years . ' they had modest savings which had taken all their lives to accumulate through hard work . ' over a period of six years you plundered those savings . ' the result of that was when your father died in 2014 he was in debt , something he had never been in before and that is something that caused him great distress . ' the court heard lillico spent some of the £78,000 on shopping sprees in b & q ( file image ) . christopher knox , prosecuting , explained how mr and mrs air , from ashington , had both worked in the coal industry and had pensions . the couple gave their daughter control of their bank accounts after they sold their home for £95,000 and moved in to a sheltered flat , as their health began to fail as they grew older . ' the couple lived very sensibly , ' said mr knox . ' by 2008 there was at least £55,000 in a savings account . ' the court heard mrs air , who had suffered from dementia , passed away in october 2010 and mr air died in july 2014 . but the court heard lillico had been raiding her parents ' accounts since 2008 . debit card transactions were made at various shops including jd sports and b & q . the accounts had also been used to pay for photography services and to buy an xbox and cash was also withdrawn from the banks and cheques written . the court heard lillico is of previous good character . she pleaded guilty to three charges of fraud . it was calculated the amount of money lillico stole amounted to what she and her brother would have inherited between them . the judge made an order under the proceeds of crime act that she repay the half she owes within six months . nigel hedley , defending , said lillico was hit by financial problems after a difficult divorce . ' she was a woman of good character . she had a very traumatic divorce and encountered severe financial difficulties . ' he also said lillico had been suspended from her job as a medical secretary as a result of her crimes , but that she would be able to pay her brother the money she owed by re-mortgaging her house .