david cameron will today warn english voters the snp 's new powers could impact their lives . david cameron will today risk infuriating the snp by vowing to conduct an annual review of the fairness of the scottish government’s policies on the rest of the uk . a conservative government would create a new principle to ensure decisions by holyrood do not have an ‘ unforeseen detrimental effect’ for people south of the border , he will say . the prime minister will tell voters in england that new powers for the scottish parliament mean it ‘ can now have a big impact on your job , your income , and investment in your area’ . mr cameron will call the idea the ‘ carlisle principle’ – named to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the uk that could be particularly badly affected by decisions taken by the scottish government . there has been growing resentment in england and wales at the ‘apartheid’ between those living north and south of the border in areas such as healthcare and university fees . for instance , cancer drugs have been made available on the nhs in scotland that are not prescribed elsewhere , meaning taxpayers in england and wales are contributing to funding them , but not benefiting . the scottish parliament’s new powers to cut air passenger duty could lead to air travellers and airports in the north of england being unfairly disadvantaged – and require targeted tax cuts , mr cameron will say . however , scottish nationalists are likely to accuse mr cameron of wanting westminster to ‘ mark the scottish parliament’s homework’ every year . he will also be accused of seeking to stoke anti-scottish sentiment in the rest of the uk – and throwing fuel on the fire of scottish nationalism . the tory manifesto promises to introduce a principle of ‘ english votes for english laws’ , meaning english mps will be given a veto over legislation relating solely to england . under mr cameron’s latest plan , a formal assessment would be made by the treasury and cabinet office each year of the impact of scottish policies , including tax rates , business levies , university tuition fees and healthcare . mr cameron risks the wrath of scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon ( pictured above ) with his announcement . the chancellor will tell mps ‘ what action is needed to make sure there is no detriment to the rest of the country’ . the prime minister , on a campaign visit to the north west , will insist the plan will not stop the scottish government taking the decisions it wants . ‘ in the scottish referendum , we made a clear promise to devolve more powers to the scottish parliament , ’ mr cameron will say . ‘ after we won that referendum , we kept our promise , and agreement was reached – for the first time – between all five of scotland’s major parties to give the scottish parliament extensive new powers . ‘ but as we go further in devolving powers to scotland , we need to make sure devolution works for all the other all parts of this country too . ‘ today i want to set out a new principle – you could call it the carlisle principle – that we will make sure that there are no unforeseen detrimental consequences to the rest of the country from scottish devolution . ’ boris johnson and sir john major will enter the election fray this week as the tories try to bolster their campaign . sir john will warn of the dangers of a labour-snp government . the ex-premier could be deployed to speak as early as tomorrow . later in the week , david cameron is due to make a first high-profile campaign appearance with mr johnson . there are growing calls from tory mps for the london mayor to be ‘weaponised’ . david cameron has revealed he is locked in a high stakes battle : over ear-piercing . while contesting a general election campaign , he is also in a ' fight ' with eldest daughter nancy about when she can have her ears pierced . the prime minister also admitted he does not want his children to follow wife samantha in having tattoo . in an interview with the sun , mr cameron said his children ' take the mickey out of me daily ' , including mocking his tv and music choices . ' to them i 'm just a normal dad , who they think is a bit square and sometimes embarrassing . it 's very sobering to come home to after a day in the office , ' he said . ' they rib me about , you know , anything from my cd collection to what i watch on tv . ' nancy is due to start secondary school in september , and wants to have her ears pierced . mr cameron said : ' i 'm in that fight with nancy at the moment . we 'll probably reach an agreement over what age she can have them done . we 're in negotiations . ' his wife samantha has a small tattoo of a dolphin on her right ankle , which she had done while travelling as a student . she has said it would ' fine ' if her children copied her . but mr cameron said : ' i 'm not a big fan . i love samantha 's tattoo , it 's very small , very discreet . but i 'd be a square dad and tell the children to think very carefully about it . '