binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage to the brain well into adulthood , a new study has warned . this is because drinking excessive amounts of alcohol when young can damage the brain and cause permanent changes to dna . this , in turn , can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism , researchers found . alcohol changes genes in brain cells , which stop the cells developing connections between them , altering behaviour , they said . however , they discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage . binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage into adulthood , putting young people at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism . professor subhash pandey , of the university of illinois college of medicine , explained that binge drinking during the teenage years disrupts the brain 's normal development . he said : ' our study provides a mechanism for how binge-drinking during adolescence may lead to lasting changes that result in increased anxiety and alcoholism in adults . ' intermittent alcohol exposure ' degrades the ability of the brain to form the connections it needs to during adolescence , he explained . ' the brain does n't develop as it should , and there are lasting behavioural changes associated with this , ' he added . as part of the study , professor pandey and his team carried out lab experiments on 28-day-old rats to investigate how alcohol would affect their brain development . they were given alcohol for two days on , then two days off , which was repeated over 13 days . rats exposed to alcohol showed changes in behaviour that lasted into adulthood , long after the exposure to alcohol ended . alcohol causes changes in the dna in brain cells . however , researchers discovered a cancer drug may be able to reverse the changes . they showed increased anxiety-like behaviours and drank more alcohol in adulthood . when brain tissue from the area of the brain called the amygdala was examined , rats given alcohol showed changes to their dna , known as epigenetic changes . professor pandey explained that epigenetic changes are chemical modifications of dna , or of the proteins around which dna is wound , like thread on a spool . modification of these proteins , which are called histones , can change how loosely or tightly the dna is wound . many of us enjoy a chilled glass of wine or a cold beer after a hard day at work . but while the majority of people believe their drinking habits are under control , one in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a problem with alcohol , a survey found . a new poll laying bare the public 's attitudes to drinking found nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out , compared to a fifth of the general population . it also revealed the risky effects of drinking , as young people admitted to forgetting how they got home , driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone they knew was intoxicated . genes that lie within dna that is tightly wrapped around the histones are less active than if the dna is loosely wrapped . the looser the dna is coiled , the more accessible the genes are to the cellular machinery that ' expresses ' them . the rats exposed to alcohol had more tightly coiled dna . they also had increased levels of a protein called hdac2 , which modifies histones , causing dna to be wound tighter around them . these epigenetic changes were linked to lowered expression of a gene that nerve cells need in order to form new connections between cells , known as synaptic connections . professor pandey argued the lowered activity of this gene may be due to the tighter winding of its dna . the lower activity of the gene persisted in adulthood , even if alcohol exposure was stopped weeks before . the researchers also observed diminished connectivity between nerves in the amygdalae of these affected adult rats . but a cancer drug known to block the activity of hdac2 could be used to treat them , he said . in his experiments , the drug restored expression of the gene needed for synapse formation and the rats ' dna was observed to be less tightly coiled . the effect of this was that the rats exhibited less anxiety and reduced alcohol intake . professor pandey added : ' we are n't sure if the drug needs to be given long term during adulthood in order to completely reverse the harmful effects of adolescent alcohol exposure . ' the findings were reported online in the journal neurobiology of disease .  