a wisconsin sex offender traveled to the middle east to try and join isis , but came back after he failed to cross the turkey-syria border , authorities have claimed . joshua van haften , 34 , of madison , was arrested wednesday night at o'hare international airport in chicago after returning on a flight from turkey . he has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . joshua van haften , 34 , of madison , wisconsin ( pictured left in his mugshot on wednesday and right in 2010 when he registed on the sex offender 's list ) has been accused of flying to isis in a failed attempt to join isis . the criminal complaint , which had been under seal since oct. 28 , alleges that van haften talked to people about his plan before leaving the united states in august for istanbul . the complaint cites facebook posts from van haften that said he was unable to cross the border from turkey into syria . in one post , van haften complained that the people who were supposed to help him just wanted his money , that he had almost no cash left and that he was dropped off on a road in the country and never picked up . wisconsin court records showed several previous convictions for van haften , including felony battery in 1998 , second degree felony sexual assault in 1999 and disorderly conduct , a misdemeanor , in 2007 , online court records show . he was apprehended at o'hare international airport in chicago on wednesday after getting off a return flight from syria ( file picture ) . all of the offenses occurred in rock county . van haften was sentenced to three years ' probation on the battery conviction in 1998 , but his probation was revoked in 1999 and he was sentenced to a year in jail . he was sentenced to eight years ' probation on the sexual assault charge in 1999 , but that was revoked in 2000 . he was then sentenced to seven years in prison . assistant attorney general carlin from the department of justice said stopping people from traveling to the region to join the islamic state is a ' top priority ' . she said in a statement : ' stemming the flow of foreign fighters to iraq and syria and holding accountable those who attempt to provide material support to designated foreign terrorist organizations remains a top priority for the national security division . '