liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after being dropped last december . mignolet was dropped ' indefinitely ' by manager brendan rodgers in december after a poor run of form but quickly returned after brad jones sustained a thigh injury . and the 27-year-old belgian told how he tried to remain upbeat despite the disappointment at being axed . simon mignolet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after being dropped . mignolet ( second right ) makes a save from a free kick during a league match against swansea last month . mignolet told fourfourtwo : ' i was positive . every goalkeeper goes through those stages , and you only get mentally stronger from them . because we play so many games , i just looked forward to the next match . ' i always wanted to keep improving and moving forward . i’m in my second year now at liverpool and i’ve learned a lot . 'there’s always something to work on . i’ve just turned 27 but i still pick up things every day . that helps get through difficult moments . ' mignolet has been in impressive form since his return and has kept six consecutive premier league clean sheets away from home . mignolet ( right ) trains alongside fellow belgian thibaut courtois ( centre ) in israel earlier this week . mignolet replaces brad jones during a match against burnley at turf moor on boxing day last year . he said : 'i’ve been pleased with my form , but i don’t really look at records . the most important thing is the team , and winning points . ' keeping a clean sheet isn’t something you do on your own – it’s a group effort . since we changed to the new system , we’ve been well organised . ' you concede or score as a unit , and at the moment from the top of the pitch to me , we are pressing well . 'we’re tight at the back , we squeeze up well . everyone is doing their job and working hard . it’s great to play behind a solid team . ' liverpool manager brendan rodgers ( centre ) speaks with mignolet ( left ) and jones at melwood last october . 