sleepless nights leading to the general election appear to have affected david cameron 's memory after prime minister made an embarrassing gaffe by forgetting which team he supports . speaking at an event in south london , the pm claimed to be a west ham supporter - despite previously stating that he followed aston villa . ' you can support man utd , the west indies and team gb all at the same time - of course i 'd rather you supported west ham , ' he said during a speech on ethnic minorities . prime minister david cameron had brain fade after getting his claret and blue teams mixed up . the conservative party leader told an audience he was a west ham fan , despite supporting aston villa . the tory leader has since apologised , blaming a bout of ' brain fade ' - perhaps he became confused since both sides wear claret and blue colours . ' i had what natalie bennett described as a brain fade , ' he said . ' i 'm a villa fan ... i must have been overcome by something ... this morning . but there we are , these things sometimes happen when you are on the stump . ' west ham were quick to respond after tweeting cameron to vote for his favourite player with the message : ' do n't forget to vote in another important election ! who is your hammer of the year , prime minister ? ' cameron said : ' i 'm a villa fan ... i must have been overcome by something ... this morning . ' the pm was overjoyed when christian benteke ( left ) helped villa reach the fa cup final . cameron attended his first match at villa park as a 13-year-old after being taken by his uncle , former villa chairman sir william dugdale . in a tv interview in 2008 , cameron told gmtv : ' the first game i ever went to was an aston villa game and so i am an aston villa fan . ' and , the conservative leader was enthusiastic after aston villa defeat liverpool in the fa cup semi-finals . ' it was a tremendous game with benteke and delph doing villa proud , against the odds . i ca n't wait to watch the final at the end of may , ' he said . 