winston reid says west ham no longer suffer from the fear factor that came with facing manchester city as they prepare to visit the etihad stadium on sunday . city had won their last five games against west ham – by an aggregate score of 14-1 – before falling to just their second league defeat of the season at upton park in october . and after a recent run of form that has seen the barclays premier league champions lose six of their last eight games , hammers defender reid says he and his team-mates no longer dread facing manuel pellegrini’s side . winston reid says west ham no longer suffer from a fear of facing manchester city after beating them at last . west ham celebrate after inflicting city 's second league defeat of the season at upton park in october . city had won their last five games against west ham - by an aggregate score of 14-1 - in dominant style . ‘ yeah , ’ reid said when asked whether the fear of facing city had gone . ‘ when we beat them , we were having a good period ourselves and we need to get back to that . ‘ i think of the last of those games last season where they tore us apart . the boys obviously said to themselves “we’ve got to do a bit more” . ‘ we have to be at our best . ’ while city are missing wilfried bony , stevan jovetic and james milner through injury , principal threat sergio aguero is back in form after scoring twice last sunday . but reid – who kept the argentine relatively quiet in october’s win – says he has the experience to know what to do against the premier league’s joint-top goalscorer . ‘we’ve got to work hard , he’s pretty tough to play against , ’ the new zealand captain said . ‘we’ll see how we do . reid battles with marko arnautovic during west ham 's clash with stoke city last month . west ham united players diafra sakho , winston reid and mark noble pose for photographers outside the olympic stadium the club are set to move into , with next season being their last at upton park . ‘he’s too quick for me , but you’ve just got to be in the right position . we’ve played against him a lot of times , so you just have to be in the right position and make sure you’re defending properly . ’ reid hopes to reach the peak of english football after signing a new six-year contract at west ham . to start , and to take anything from the etihad , the hammers must remedy their late-goal curse which was topped by marko arnautovic’s 95th-minute equaliser for stoke last week . sergio aguero will be city 's principal threat and reid says he has the experience to cope with his pace . reid signed a new six-year deal with west ham this year and is looking forward to staying with the hammers . ‘ the last games haven’t been the best but we believe in ourselves . we can go up there and do something , ’ reid said . ‘it’s something that we have to change . ’ manager sam allardyce agrees . ‘ we had a brilliant performance ( when beating city ) , ’ he said . ‘ it was hugely difficult but we managed to win it . we had a bit of luck which is always what you need against the big boys . ’ west ham manager sam allardyce hopes luck will be on the side of his team at the etihad stadium on sunday .