the skylines of the world , an african desert and even the barren landscape of the arctic have been reimagined as part of an annual skyscraper competition . more than 480 design teams submitted entries to evolo magazine 's 2015 contest and a jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries . the first place was awarded to a polish group called bomp for its ' natural habitat ' essence skyscraper , beating the designs for a giant ' times squared 3015 ' concept at the heart of times square , a bio-pyramid in the sahara and cybertopia - a project that blurs the lines between digital and physical worlds . the evolo magazine skyscraper competition was established in 2006 to recognise ' outstanding ideas for vertical living ' . the first place in this year 's contest was awarded to a team of polish designers for its project essence skyscraper ( shown ) . the main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans , water floors , fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet ( 30 metres ) above ground , and jungle areas . the evolo awards were established in 2006 to recognise ' outstanding ideas for vertical living ' . since then , the publication has received more than 6,000 projects that use technology , materials , designs and space in novel and challenging ways to question how ' we understand vertical architecture and its relationship with the natural and built environments . ' evolo said the winners were selected for their ' creativity , ingenuity , and understanding of dynamic and adaptive vertical communities . ' the first place this year was awarded to bomp - a team comprising of designers ewa odyjas , agnieszka morga , konrad basan , and jakub pudo - from poland for the project essence skyscraper . the evolo awards were established in 2006 to recognise ' outstanding ideas for vertical living ' . evolo said the winners were selected for their ' creativity , ingenuity , and understanding of dynamic and adaptive vertical communities . ' first place : essence skyscraper by ewa odyjas , agnieszka morga , konrad basan , and jakub pudo - from poland . the proposal is an urban mega-structure with a range of natural habitats . second place : shanty-scraper by suraksha bhatla and sharan sundar from india . the project wanted to provide housing , work and recreational spaces to the inhabitants of chennai city’s slum in india . third place : cybertopia by egor orlov from russia . his design reimagines the city of the future as the combination of digital and physical worlds - a city that grows and morphs instantly according to its residents needs . the proposal is an urban mega-structure with a range of natural habitats . the designers said their design ' would serve as a place to briefly escape urban life and stimulate diverse and complex experiences . ' the main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans , water floors , fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet ( 30 metres ) above ground , and jungle areas . second place went to suraksha bhatla and sharan sundar from india for their shanty-scraper . the project wanted to provide housing , work and recreational spaces to the inhabitants of chennai city’s slum in india . it was designed to use debris from the city 's construction industry including pipes , corrugated metal sheets and timber . the designers explained : 'india’s slum population is expected to surge to 104 million , or 9 per cent of the national population by 2017 . ' as the nation’s disparity between the rich and poor deepens , the number of people living below poverty line has doubled over the last decade . 'shanty-scraper aspires to provide a unique solution . the vertical squatter structure is comprised of post-construction debris [ and ] the double height semi enclosures serve as utility yards and social gathering spaces . ' they said that the ' lifts ' are divided into multiple plank platforms made from a simple mechanically-driven lever and pulley . third place was awarded to egor orlov from russia for his project cybertopia which reimagines the city of the future as the combination of digital and physical worlds - ' a city that grows and morphs instantly according to its residents needs . ' he explained : ' '' tomorrow '' we expect a completely different topography of the city . ' it will be a map which includes cyber worlds with intrinsic geography , laws of physics , qualities and even its own residents . it is as though landscapes of computer games have woven into the city space . ' the residential area of the skyscraper represents a constantly growing and developing spatial complex ... printed by 3d printer or by drone construction . second place went to suraksha bhatla and sharan sundar from india for their shanty-scraper ( concept drawings shown left and right ) . the project wanted to provide housing , work and recreational spaces to the inhabitants of chennai city’s slum in india . it was designed , in particular , to use debris from the city construction industry including pipes , corrugated metal sheets and timber . the bio-pyramid : reversing desertification design ( pictured ) was created by david sepulveda , wagdy moussa , ishaan kumar , wesley townsend , colin joyce , arianna armelli and salvador juarez from the us . they said it is a non-conventional skyscraper that not only operates as a 'bio-sphere ' but also as a gateway from cairo across the sahara desert . meanwhile , the noah oasis : rig to vertical bio-habitat ( pictured ) was created by chinese designers ma yidong , zhu zhonghui , qin zhengyu and jiang zhe . ' our design transforms the original rigs into vertical bio-habitats , which aims to exert instant response to oil spills , restore damaged eco-systems and offer shelter from future disasters , ' the team said . the 15 honorable mentions include skyscrapers designed for the arctic , structures that intend to reverse desertification , abandoned oil rigs transformed into bio-habitats , and atmosphere laboratories among others . the third place was awarded to egor orlov from russia for ' cybertopia ' . it reimagines the city of the future as the combination of digital and physical worlds - ' a city that grows and morphs instantly according to its residents needs ' . these include the bio-pyramid : reversing desertification , created by david sepulveda , wagdy moussa , ishaan kumar , wesley townsend , colin joyce , arianna armelli and salvador juarez from the us . they said their bio-pyramid is a non-conventional skyscraper that not only operates as a 'bio-sphere ' but also as a gateway from cairo across the sahara desert . the unexpected aurora in chernobyl design was submitted by zhang zehua , song qiang and liu yameng from china . this project aims to build a skyscraper for people who return to chernobyl and is fitted with air and water purification systems . the skyscraper itself is powered by solar energy . ' the skyscraper is just like a garden of eden , a new and safe life will start from here , ' the designers said . exploring arctic : multifunctional complex in dikson harbour is based on transforming an arctic hub port . ' it is necessary to create comfortable working and living environment of the northern sea route transport infrastructure , ' said designers nikolay zaytsev and elizaveta lopatina from russia . ' the initial idea is to design a separate anthropogenic microcosm , detached from the harsh arctic environment , but based on the dynamic equilibrium between people and nature . instead of building on the ground , one entry imagined a structure built into the clouds to control the weather . called cloud capture , taehan kim , seoung ji lee and yujin ha from korea said their design would catch and redistribute clouds ' where they are affluent to scarce ' . this could transform the 'arid-yellow deserts into fresh green spaces ' . a similar design was submitted by shi yuqing , hu yifei , zhang juntong , sheng zifeng and he yanan from china called air monument : atmosphere database . they said the structure would obtain atmosphere samples throughout the year to monitor changes and highlight any concerns . meanwhile , the noah oasis : rig to vertical bio-habitat was created by chinese designers ma yidong , zhu zhonghui , qin zhengyu and jiang zhe . ' our design transforms the original rigs into vertical bio-habitats , which aims to exert instant response to oil spills , restore damaged eco-systems and offer shelter from future disasters , ' the team said . ' the original rig will become a reactor centre , where the spilled oil will be converted into catalyst and building materials , as well as a recreational centre and research facility . ' underwater , the structure will be secured to pipes . and in the us , a group of designers proposed a self-contained city featuring a stadium , forest , farm and beach on the top of a mile-high skyscraper in new york city . the unexpected aurora in chernobyl design ( pictured ) was submitted by zhang zehua , song qiang and liu yameng from china . this project aims to build a skyscraper for people in chernobyl fitted with air and water purification systems . the building is powered by solar energy . exploring arctic : multifunctional complex in dikson harbour is based on transforming an arctic port ( pictured ) . ' it is necessary to create working and living areas for the northern sea route transport infrastructure , ' said russian designers nikolay zaytsev and elizaveta lopatina . the designers of the exploring arctic : multifunctional complex in dikson harbour ( pictured ) continued : ' the initial idea is to design a separate anthropogenic microcosm , detached from the harsh arctic environment , but based on the dynamic equilibrium between people and nature ' . the giant ' times squared 3015 ' concept would be built inside a huge vertical tower at the heart of times square and would measure 5,687ft tall ( 1,733 metres ) . it was designed by blake freitas , grace chen and alexi kararavokris . the group said that as the planet continues to overpopulate , their entry explores spatial , environmental and experimental possibilities of vertical living . the proposed community would usher in a ' new kind of daily life ' , where farmers tended to crops which provided oxygen and food , visitors attend a football game by catching an elevator to the third floor and residents walk through a redwood forest thousands of feet above the city . the 2015 skyscraper competition was sponsored by autodesk , real5d , and v2com and was judged by a panel including architects massimiliano fuksas and benedetta tagliabue and last year 's winner yong ju lee . instead of building on the ground , one entry imagined a structure in the clouds to control the weather . called cloud capture ( left ) , taehan kim , seoung ji lee and yujin ha from korea said their design would catch and redistribute clouds ' where they are affluent to scarce ' . a similar design was submitted by shi yuqing from china called air monument : atmosphere database ( right ) that would obtain samples during the year . and in the us , a group of designers proposed a self-contained city in new york city . the ' times squared 3015 ' concept would be built inside a huge tower in times square , would measure 5,687ft tall ( 1,733 metres ) and was designed by blake freitas , grace chen and alexi kararavokris . concept design drawings ( pictured left and right ) show the massive skyscraper would contain a beach , stadium , farm and residential apartments . the proposed community would usher in a ' new kind of daily life ' , where farmers tended to crops which provided oxygen and food , visitors attend a football game by catching an lift to the third floor , and residents walk through a redwood forest above the city . 