fed up with facebook , or coming to realise , in the words of david cameron , ‘ too many tweets might make a t**t’ ? it may be time to consider a short , sharp trip to the suburbs of beijing . here , in a collection of drab , concrete buildings surrounding a large courtyard is a military-style bootcamp designed with one thing in mind : to treat victims of a very modern disease — a compulsive addiction to electronic gadgets . formed in 2006 , the daxing internet addiction treatment centre ( iatc ) has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young , mostly male patients — and claims to have ‘cured’ 75 per cent of them . scroll down for video . hooked up : with wires hanging from his head , a young boy undergoes electroencephalogram scans to measure brain activity . the centre believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin . online zombies : a line of dead-eyed chinese youths play computer games at an internet cafe . the country 's government said internet addiction affects 24 million of its 632 million internet users . smart salute : at the daxing internet addiction treatment centre , it’s time to put down that mouse , pull on a camouflage t-shirt and learn to click heels , not screen icons . the man behind the facility is tao ran , a doctor and colonel in the people’s liberation army , regarded as china’s leading expert in wangyin , or internet addiction , which is said by the country’s government to affect 24 million of its 632 million internet users . he describes wangyin as a form of mental illness , saying that 90 per cent of his patients are clinically depressed from a lack of normal social interaction . many have back and eyesight problems due to spending up to 14 hours a day staring at screens , and a third suffer from eating disorders . ‘ internet addiction leads to problems in the brain similar to those derived from heroin consumption but , generally , it’s even more damaging , ’ mr ran said recently . ‘ it destroys relationships and deteriorates the body without the person knowing . ’ to break it , mr ran confiscates all electronic devices from patients and forces them to follow a super-strict , military-style fitness regime , starting with parade drills at 6.30 each morning . they must also endure occasional spells in solitary confinement and take regular medication . progress is monitored by psychiatric assessments and regular brain scans . mr ran only considers someone cured if , six months after their release , they use the internet for fewer than six hours per day . some critics have called the techniques brutal . but they also yield results and there is high demand for places : the iatc , which charges £1,000 per month ( more than twice the average chinese urban worker’s wage ) recently expanded , so it can treat 130 patients at any one time . work that body : military-style drills , exercises and weekly tai chi sessions help the young addicts to shed their indoor pallor . open wide : a nurse checks that 14-year-old yin yu tao has taken his medication — all part of the £1,000-a-month bootcamp . it isn’t alone : there are around 300 such clinics in china , due largely to an explosion in the popularity of online games such as world of warcraft . many internet cafes have beds , so customers can sleep at their keyboards , and shanghai recently passed a law forcing parents to stop minors ‘ being overindulgent with online and electronic games’ . meanwhile in japan , where facebook and twitter are national obsessions , there are dozens of so-called internet ‘ fasting camps’ . taiwan is also facing up to internet addiction — in january , its government voted to fine parents who allow children to spend ‘ excessive time using electronic products’ . tough love : good posture is required at the super-strict bootcamp . here , pupil zhai ye is encouraged to stand straight . no rest for the internet addicted : the day starts at 6.30am and is run with military precision , even for this very young inmate . 