purvi patel , pictured , was jailed for 20 years for feticide and neglect of a dependent following a hearing at south bend , indiana . a 33-year-old woman who took abortion drugs she bought on the internet to cause a miscarriage and disposed of her fetus in a dumpster has been jailed for 20 years . purvi patel , 33 , of granger , indiana has been jailed after she was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent . st joseph superior court heard that ms patel attended st joseph 's hospital in mishawaka , indiana on july 13 , 2013 soon after giving birth . after arriving at the hospital , she denied that she had even been pregnant , even though medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her . according to court documents : ' concerned for the child 's welfare , doctors continued to question purvi patel of the whereabouts of the child . eventually , she told the medical staff that she had delivered a baby in her home in granger , indiana . ' she further told the medical staff that she did not see the child breathing or moving and believed it to be dead . ' purvi patel told the medical staff that she put the dead body in a bag and placed it in a dumpster behind the super target . she further told medical personnel that she was roughly two months along and had a miscarriage . ' the court heard that dr kelly mcguire drove to the super target store and began searching the dumpsters , having informed st. joseph county police . officers recovered the body in a dumpster behind moe 's southwest grill . according to forensic pathologist dr joseph prahlow , the body was 12.2 inches long and weighed 1.46 pounds . his report claimed ' the child had been born alive and had taken a breath ' . court records showed that police examined ms patel 's mobile phone and was able to extract some evidence . according to detective galen pelletier of county metro homicide unit : ' in her text messages , officers found that on june 19 , 2013 , purvi patel admitted to this friend that she was over 60 days pregnant . she also admitted that she had obtained two drugs from hong kong , in an attempt to abort the child . ' purvi patel told his friend that she began taking the drugs on july 10 , 2013 . ' st joseph superior court heard that ms patel , pictured , purchased abortion drugs from hong kong online . ms patel , pictured , told medics that she gave birth to a stillborn and disposed of the body in a dumpster . ms patel 's lawyer jeff sanford said his client was planning to appeal the case within 30 days . medics claimed the first drug would induce labor while the second was designed to end the life of the fetus , however , only if it was less than nine weeks old . justice elizabeth hurley gave ms patel a 30-year jail term for neglect , suspending the final ten . she also handed down a six-year term on the feticide charge which will run concurrently . handing down the sentence , judge hurley said : ' you ms. patel , are an educated woman of considerable means . if you wished to terminate your pregnancy safely and legally , you could have done so . you planned a course of action and took matters into your own hands . ' according to the south bend tribune , prosecutors had urged judge hurley to hand down a 40-year jail term . judge hurley said she considered ms patel 's lack of prior criminal history and remorse , but condemned her for treating the baby ' literally as a piece of trash ' . chief deputy prosecutor mark roule said ms patel could have sought help for the infant . ' his only chance at survival was his mother . in this case , the mother did nothing , left him on the floor to die and threw him in the trash . ' her lawyer jeff sanford said ms patel was planning to appeal the case .