a gene that affects the melting point of cocoa butter could lead to the creation of new types of chocolate - as well as cosmetics and pharmaceuticals . us researchers discovered that a single gene called tcsad1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter . plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants , which could boost plants’ yields and the income of farmers . a gene involved in determining the melting point of cocoa butter could lead to the creation of new types of chocolate as well as cosmetics and pharmaceuticals , scientists claim . a stock image of chocolates is shown . more than five million cocoa farmers and their families depend on cocoa for their livelihoods around the world , where cacao , theobroma cacao l is cultivated in west africa , central and south america . the world cocoa foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons , which is valued at $ 11.8 billion ( £7.9 billion ) . each cocoa pod has 40 seeds , which are composed of cocoa butter and used in the making of chocolate – and some drugs . lead researcher mark guiltinan , professor of plant molecular biology at penn state 's college of agricultural sciences said that cocoa butter with altered melting points may find new uses in specialty chocolates , cosmetics and pharmaceuticals . us researchers discovered that a single gene called tcsad1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter . plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants . cacao trees growing at a research facility in ecuador are pictured . the world 's largest confectionary producer , joined mars in november in warning of a massive shortfall of chocolate , which could reach a million tonnes a year by 2020 . switzerland 's barry callebaut group said soaring demand has helped chocolate prices hit more than double what they were just eight years ago . industry experts say the world is in its longest production shortfall for five decades . cocoa prices rose by a quarter in a year to a peak in august of £2,000 a tonne , nearing a february 2011 peak , barry callebaut said . before the end of 2007 they had barely risen above £1,300 , according to figures from the international cocoa organization ( icco ) . barry callebaut chief executive juergen steinemann said the hike was fuelled partly by a ' potential cocoa shortage ' by 2020 - echoing previous warnings by mars chocolate that demand will outstrip supply . ' the global cocoa sector may suffer a one million metric ton shortfall by 2020 because of increasing economic and environmental pressures on cocoa farms around the world , ' the firm said . ' our long-term business depends on a sustainable supply of high quality cocoa , and we believe that securing cocoa’s future begins with increasing yield for the smallholder farmers . ' disease and drought are partly to blame , but countries are also eating more sweets , particularly developing nations such as china . for example , a chocolate with a higher or lower melting point would be useful for production of chocolate with specific textures and specialty applications . ' the `` snap '' and `` melt '' of chocolate are two very important textural features that determine the appeal of chocolate to consumers , and having new varieties of the cocoa plant that produce butter with different melting points would be a valuable resource to control those characteristics , ’ professor guiltinan explained . ‘ medical applications could include production of drug-delivery products with slower release of drugs than is possible with current cocoa-butter-based systems . ’ professor guiltinan was previously involved in research that first described the stearoyl-acyl carrier protein desaturase ( sad ) gene family in the cocoa tree . collaborators from the international cocoa genome consortium sequenced the genome of the plant . now professor guiltinan and his team have discovered that a single gene - tcsad1 – in the sad family , is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter . ‘ we used state-of-the-art plant science techniques to gain evidence for the role of the sad1 gene in cocoa butter biosynthesis , ’ he explained . ‘ the other sad genes appear to play other roles in the growth of the chocolate tree , such as flower and leaf development , where these fatty acids play important roles as key components of various membrane systems . ‘ this information can be used to develop biomarkers for screening and breeding of new cacao varieties with novel fatty acid compositions of cocoa butter . ’ this image shows cacao seeds after harvest . a mixture of lipids called cocoa butter makes up about half of each seed . the natural melting point of cocoa butter is close to human body temperature . this trait gives chocolate its melt-in-your-mouth texture and provides a creamy texture to lotions applied to the skin . professor guiltinan and his team have discovered that a single gene - tcsad1 – in the sad family , is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter . he said the discovery could lead to new types of chocolate , cosmetics and pharmaceuticals . a cocoa butter body scrub is shown left and a stock image of drugs , right . cocoa butter consists of almost equal amounts of palmitic acid , stearic acid and oleic acid . its exact composition determines its melting temperature , which is very close to human body temperature . this is why chocolate feels smooth in the mouth and cosmetics containing cocoa butter have a creamy texture when applied to skin . ‘ during cacao seed development , large amounts of fatty acids are synthesised that are rich in saturated and monounsaturated lipids , ’ professor guiltinan said . ‘ an important part of this process is the activity of an enzyme produced by the sad1 gene that creates a special double bond critical in determining the melting point of chocolate that is very close to the human body temperature and makes cocoa butter quite unique . ’ ' the `` snap '' and `` melt '' of chocolate are very important textural features that determine the appeal of chocolate to consumers ( stock image ) , and having new varieties of the cocoa plant that produce butter with different melting points would be a valuable resource to control those characteristics , ’ prof guiltinan said .