dozens more company bosses have signed a letter backing tory economic plans – including a prominent former labour supporter . by last night , a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ‘ change in course’ . among the new signatories is simon woodroffe , the founder of yo ! sushi and a former labour backer . dozens more company bosses have signed a letter backing tory economic plans – including prominent former labour supporter simon woodroffe , the founder of yo ! sushi . others also include executives from two ftse-100 firms and 10 from the ftse-250 index . adding their names were philip aiken , the chairman of construction giant balfour beatty , dr tom enders , boss of airbus , and simon litherland , head of drinks group britvic . all have signed in a personal capacity . the announcement of the new names will heap pressure on labour , which has struggled to come forward with notable numbers of business supporters . once a former prominent labour supporter , mr woodroffe appears to have turned his back on the party despite appearing in a 2004 political broadcast . earlier this year , he warned that labour’s approach to business ‘scares’ him . he told bbc newsnight : ‘ what i worry about with ed miliband is that he is appealing to the popular by saying , “ look at all these fat cats” making lots of money it should be for the workers . ’ ‘ actually , i think the fat cats generally , sometimes it annoys me , but they pay their taxes , you know . ’ by last night , a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ‘ change in course’ . the letter backs the lowering of corporation tax by david cameron and george osborne as it shows the uk is ' open for business ' . the letter states that the signatories believe the conservative-led government ‘ has been good for business and pursued policies which have supported investment and job creation’ . they praise the cuts in corporation tax to 20 per cent , which they say is a ‘ key part’ of the tory economic plan . they add : ‘ we believe a change in course will threaten jobs and deter investment . this would send a negative message about britain and put the recovery at risk . ’ when the letter was first published in a newspaper last week it sent shockwaves through the election campaign . labour attempted to respond by positioning itself as the party of workers . it announced plans to ban 90 per cent of zero hours contracts and make it easier for staff to sue their bosses for wrongful dismissal . a poll of ftse-100 chairman at the weekend showed seven out of ten think mr miliband would be a ‘catastrophe’ for britain . the anonymous poll , published by the sunday times , showed widespread concern by businesses about labour’s economic plans . 