covered entirely in crystals , it may not be to everybody 's taste - but a new £420,000 piano is possibly the most bling musical instrument in the world . the custom-made piano features half a million swarovski crystals and was created following a request from an unnamed buyer described as an ' influential sheikh ' in doha , qatar . goldfinch , a cambridge-based piano maker , took six months to build it , with every crystal applied by hand . scroll down for video . a £420,000 piano has been hand decorated with half a million swarovski crystals . company director tomas norman , whose family has been handcrafting high-end pianos for more than 40 years , said : ' it 's been a delight to bring another customer 's dream to reality . ' we love nothing more than blurring the lines between timeless tradition and contemporary british art , but it 's not all about good looks - our craftsmanship is combined with cutting-edge technology for that seamless finish and ultimate musicality . ' he claimed the company is the only piano manufacturer in the world which offers an almost limitless selection of shapes , sizes , colours , materials and textures . the piano was made in collaboration with british contemporary artist lauren baker . the sparkling piano was created for an ' influential sheikh ' in doha , qatar . when the light hits the crystals they shine in different colours . previous projects have included a piano colour-matched to an raf fighter plane and a baby grand piano that appears to melt down three flights of stairs . the company typically produces pianos priced between £100,000 and £1 million and has shipped instruments to hong kong , dubai and los angeles in the past . artist lauren baker added the half a million crystals by hand saying she has an obsession with working with the shining gem stones . lauren said her work : ' i 'm really drawn to working with crystals . my imagination runs wild with ideas . ' i 've got an obsession and a fascination with crystals so this is the perfect project . it 's every little detail that counts . ' it 's the meticulous minute detail of the pieces that form the beautiful final outcome . it 's all about the way the crystals catch the light and refract into a prism of colours . that makes it so extravagant . ' even the name of the piano was done in crystals , placed on with tweezers . goldfinch regularly make custom pianos which range between £100,000 and £1million .