liverpool manager brendan rodgers has claimed there is no crisis at anfield despite successive morale-sapping defeats by rivals manchester united and arsenal . saturday 's 4-1 defeat at the emirates left liverpool off the pace for the champions league places and it seems that wednesday 's fa cup quarter-final replay at blackburn now represents the merseyside club 's best chance of making tangible progress this season . but speaking at melwood on monday morning , rodgers denied suggestions that a training-ground meeting on sunday was designed to quell dissent among his players . daniel sturridge ( left ) and raheem sterling are in stitches as they share a joke in training on monday . mamadou sakho ( left ) and emre can were also in jovial mood as liverpool prepared for blackburn . captain steven gerrard listens in as brendan rodgers addresses his players at melwood . gerrard smiles as he chats to team-mate and fellow liverpudlian rickie lambert . ' we have lots of meetings in terms of analysing things and it was no different to a host of meetings , ' said rodgers . ' those are the meetings which allowed us to recover from a bad start this season . ' it was nothing , just analysing performance , looking where we 're at . ' we have seven barclays premier league games to go and an fa cup quarter-final . we know what our objectives are . ' i have a great bunch of players who tirelessly give me everything . italian striker mario balotelli looks in thoughtful mood at the session on monday morning . rodgers has insisted his side are not in crisis despite two successive defeats against their rivals . fabio borini has a laugh with coach mike marsh ahead of the fa cup quarter-final replay at ewood park . ' we might be short in certain elements but in terms of commitment and work ethic , that 's been pretty clear since i have been here . ' liverpool head to ewood park on tuesday night without suspended trio steven gerrard , martin skrtel and emre can . rodgers believes his team have the mental strength to cope , though . ' we will go there focused and desperate to play after the disappointment of the weekend , ' added rodgers . ' it 's important to have this game quickly after losing . brendan rodgers catches the ball during liverpool 's 4-1 defeat by arsenal on saturday . goalkeeper simon mignolet screams at defender kolo toure after another goal is conceded . the fallout from raheem sterling 's controversial interview overshadowed the build-up to the arsenal game . liverpool will be without emre can on tuesday night after the german was sent off at the emirates . ' the group is committed to winning this trophy but blackburn will be tough for us . ' we are where we are . we 're in fifth and up to now this season has been an up-and-down one . ' we have a lot of young players still adapting and learning , unfortunately . it 's not a mental barrier . ' it 's something we need to keep working at as a team . it 's a very difficult challenge when you look at the four above us in the league . '