an 18-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing his friend 's nine-year-old brother to death in a northern california town . jordan was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to brentwood 's john muir hospital . deputies put out an alert for schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home . william schultz ( left ) was arrested sunday afternoon , hours after jordan almgren ( right ) was stabbed to death in his home in discovery bay . schultz was arrested at a hospital in antioch at 3pm . contra costa county sheriff 's spokesman jimmy lee said a nurse who saw media coverage of the case recognized the wanted suspect . officials did n't say what schultz was being treated for and the motive for the stabbing remains under investigation . the day before the stabbing , deputies had also been called to the home ( right ) on saturday on a request for a psychological evaluation of schultz . deputies were told on the police radio that the victim had been stabbed in the neck , reports the san francisco gate . the day before the stabbing , deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of schultz . neighbors say five children lived there and it is believed schultz may have been friends with one of the older siblings , reports abc7 . contra costa county sheriff 's lt. ken westermann said that the attack was n't accidental . the contra costa times reports the stabbing occurred mere yards from the school the younger boy attended . contra costa county sheriff 's lt. ken westermann said that the attack was n't accidental . ' this was n't a random act . this was n't some sort of stranger that came into the home and murdered a child . this was a family friend , ' he told the san francisco chronicle . ' this little guy was the most energetic on the team , ' said almgren 's little league coach mike de lambert told kcra . ' great smile . and he was infectious , in a positive way , to everybody that he came in contact with . ' discovery bay is a waterfront community along the banks of the sacramento-san joaquin river delta .