sydney-bound winger joe burgess scored his first super league hat-trick as wigan secured their first away win of the season , but they were made to work hard by struggling wakefield in an error-strewn game at the rapid solicitors stadium . burgess , who is joining sydney roosters at the end of the year , scored three of the warriors ' seven tries in a 40-22 victory - their first super league success in west yorkshire for 18 months - to help his side climb above st helens into second place in the table , at least for 24 hours . it was a third consecutive win for shaun wane 's men and a fifth from their last six matches but their hard-to-please coach will be far from happy with their performance and his mood will have worsened by a hamstring injury to centre anthony gelling . joe burgess ( left ) was in fine form for wigan with his first super league hat-trick . it was a ninth successive defeat for the wildcats , who remain rooted to the foot of the table , but a vast improvement on their 80-0 rout by warrington in their previous league game . still without seven senior players through injury , wakefield gave a debut to widnes loanee prop ben kavanagh , a first start to young loose forward jordan crowther and a first super league outing for former leeds prop ian kirke . and their problems worsened when kirke sustained a broken thumb and loose forward danny washbrook damaged a rib to leave coach james webster cursing his luck . yet the wildcats made the best possible start , with makeshift centre matt ryan breaking clear from his own half to create a try for full-back craig hall , who kicked the first of his three goals . wigan looked to have gained control , however , when prop dom crosby took michael mcilorum 's pass to crash over for his first try for more than two years and scrum-half matty smith skipped through wildcats defence for a solo score . flying wingers burgess and dom manfredi both produced clinical finishes to double the warriors ' try tally before half-time but the gritty yorkshiremen would not lie down as the game opened up after sam powell ( wigan ) and tim smith ( wakefield ) were despatched to the sin bin following a skirmish . daniel smith got skipper danny kirmond through a chink in the visitors ' defence for one try and stand-off pita godinet added another on the stroke of half-time , darting over from dummy half , as wakefield eyed a repeat of last year 's shock win over wane 's men . burgess scorched over for his second try within two minutes of the re-start following more smart work from his centre partner dan sarginson as wigan established a 12-point lead for the third time . but godinet pounced on a stray pass from former wigan 's wakefield forward taulima tautai to get winger chris riley over for a fourth wildcats try to cut the deficit to 30-22 . however , the game always looked to be within wigan 's grasp and they opened up a three-score lead on 57 minutes when prop lee mossop proved unstoppable from 10 metres out . burgess was denied when referee robert hicks ruled a knock-on from george williams ' grubber kick but he duly completed his hat-trick on 63 minutes after accepting williams ' cut-out pass to cross at the corner . 