this is the incredible moment a car being driven by an isis suicide bomber detonates mid-air seconds after it is blasted skywards by an explosion on the ground . video shows the jihadi attempting to launch an attack on kurdish peshmerga forces , reportedly near kirkuk in northern iraq . but as the car approaches , it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb , catapulting the vehicle at least 100ft into the air . just as it begins to fall back down to earth , the car detonates like a firework , either due to the explosives on board or the fuel tank igniting . what 's left of the car is then seen dropping back down into the massive cloud of smoke that has billowed up from the ground . blown sky high : footage shows a suicide bomber 's car being catapulted into the air after apparently hitting a road-side bomb while trying to launch an attack on kurdish peshmerga forces near kirkuk in northern iraq . explodes like a firework : the car erupts in a ball of flames either due to the explosives or fuel tank igniting . the footage is the latest in a string of videos released by kurdish forces which show isis launching bungled attacks in iraq . compilation clips released on youtube also show militants being killed or injured by back-firing mortars , malfunctioning machine guns and misfiring rockets . it comes as iraq 's prime minister said his country needs greater support from the international coalition so it can ' finish ' the islamic state . haider al-abadi said the ' marked increase ' in airstrikes , weapons deliveries and training has helped roll back the extremists , but that more is required to eliminate the group once and for all . ' we want to see more , ' al-abadi told journalists yesterday as he boarded a flight to washington where he will meet with barack obama as part of his first official visit to the u.s. as prime minister . ' we can finish daesh ... and we can stop their advance in other countries , ' he added , using the group 's arabic acronym . destroyed : what 's left of the car drops back down into the smoke that has billowed up from the ground . ' we are the only country with armed forces on the ground fighting daesh . we need all the support of the world . ' the u.s. and its coalition allies have carried out nearly 2,000 strikes in iraq since its campaign began in august - as well as nearly 1,400 in neighboring syria . american officials say the campaign has been somewhat successful , though it is likely to stretch on for years . in november , obama authorised the deployment of up to 1,500 more american troops to bolster iraqi forces , which could more than double the total number of u.s. forces to 3,100 . the pentagon has made a spending request to congress of $ 1.6 billion , focusing on training and arming iraqi and kurdish forces . this wider angle shot shows the scale of the explosion , reportedly near kirkuk in northern iraq on april 12 .