style over substance . this game is being billed as beauty v the beast , but don’t underestimate arsene wenger . it’s not just about style — he plays to win . the philosophy wenger has imposed has made arsenal popular throughout the world . people love to watch them , certainly more than jose mourinho’s teams . but on sunday , he is up against the ultimate pragmatist — mourinho finds any way to win . chelsea have conceded just two goals in their last six clashes with arsenal , keeping four clean sheets in the process . mourinho does exactly what’s necessary . so while wenger always aims to win , he still cares about the brand of football played . mourinho’s brand is winning . arsene wenger ( left ) pushed jose mourinho when chelsea beat arsenal 6-0 at stamford bridge last season . wenger can not be underestimated , according to martin keown ... it 's not all about style , he plays to win . talking tactics . arsenal should dominate possession while chelsea are more likely to sit deep and use the electric pace of eden hazard and willian on the break . chelsea will be very disciplined and in some ways that is a shame because the players aren’t allowed to express themselves as they might . in the reverse fixture in october , chelsea pressed arsenal all over and wenger’s side were stifled — they did not get a shot on target for the first time in a premier league match since 2003 . jose creates such an intensity and focus that winning becomes a matter of life and death . but arsenal will send waves of players forward at pace and try to isolate branislav ivanovic , gary cahill and john terry , who are not the quickest . keown ( right ) and wenger go back a long way , after keown 's two stints at arsenal during his career . chelsea boss mourinho always finds a way to win and has a brilliant record against wenger . change the record . mourinho 's record over wenger is remarkable . not many managers can say they have never lost to arsene wenger . jose feels he knows wenger’s game and the arsenal boss can’t surprise him . i’d be amazed if chelsea go all out to attack , but they will still pack a punch on the break . flavour of the month . jose wants to win every trophy going but he has a poor record in the premier league manager of the month award . he has only won it three times , the same as alan curbishley and one fewer than joe kinnear . wenger has won it 14 times . the cesc difference . cesc fabregas has enjoyed a brilliant season at chelsea but i don’t think he would have necessarily benefited arsenal had he joined . that central midfield area is very congested and he would have halted aaron ramsey’s progress . but one thing is certain on sunday — he won’t receive a warm welcome . mourinho has a poor premier league manager of the month record ; he has won as many as alan curbishley . cesc fabregas has been impressive this season , but he would n't necessarily have been as good with arsenal .