the fbi and nypd said on wednesday that a reward of up to $ 115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the march 2008 bombing at the times square military recruitment station . no one was injured . but police commissioner william bratton says people had walked past just moments before the device detonated in the early hours of march 6 . officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the british and mexican consulates . fbi footage showed the times square suspect placing the bomb and riding away on a bike . a bomb explodes outside the u.s. armed forces recruiting station in times square , new york on march 6 , 2008 . the fbi and nypd announced on wednesday that up to $ 115,000 was available for information relating to the attack . an explosive device detonated at the military recruitment center in times square . fortunately no one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past . authorities said the device was built using an ammunition can commonly found on battlefields in iraq and afghanistan . ' it was filled halfway with black powder and detonated using a time fuse , ' the law enforcers said in a statement . ' although no one was wounded , the device could have caused significant casualties if people had been close to the blast . ' ' someone knows those responsible for placing this device in the heart of new york city , ' said fbi assistant director-in-charge diego rodriguez . ' we need those people to come forward to help us solve this crime before they can strike again . ' a statement from the fbi said the case remained a top priority of the fbi’s joint terrorism task force due to the seriousness of the crime . there was no statute of limitations . new york police officers with the bomb squad unit inspect the damage done by an explosive device to the military recruitment station . an abandoned bicycle recovered from the trash that police suspect was used in the bombing of the times square in march 2008 .