the former bbc economics editor made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ‘secretly’ dating ed miliband . former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders yesterday broke her silence over her fling with ed miliband , describing it as ' fleeting and very costly ' . she made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ‘secretly’ dating the labour leader when he first met his wife justine in 2004 . in a brief message on twitter yesterday she said : ‘ we “dated” fleetingly in 2004 . very costly few weeks it turns out’ . it was unclear whether miss flanders was voicing regret over her relationship with mr miliband , or was embarrassed by the media coverage – or both . miss flanders , 46 , accused the media of ‘ raking over’ mr miliband’s past in the run-up to the election . but in fact the revelation about the timing of her relationship with the future labour leader was revealed by mrs miliband during a soft-focus interview with the labour-supporting mirror newspaper , which was headlined ‘ how i fell in love with ed’ . mrs miliband revealed the couple had first met at a london dinner party hosted by miss flanders in 2004 . she recalled : ‘ i thought he was good-looking and clever and seemed to be unattached . but we just went down a conversation cul-de-sac . apparently we had nothing in common . ‘ he just wanted to talk about economics – one of my least favourite subjects . none of our conversations went anywhere . ’ mrs miliband said she had been ‘furious’ when she later found out that her future husband was not ‘unattached’ at all and was ‘ secretly going out with’ the woman who had invited her to dinner . she did not name miss flanders . but tony blair’s biographer john rentoul later revealed it was common knowledge in labour circles that the bbc woman had hosted the dinner party . mr rentoul said : ‘ could the secrecy have been because he was a treasury special adviser and stephanie flanders was a bbc economics journalist ? ’ the revelations also revived stories about miss flanders’s former relationship with labour’s shadow chancellor ed balls , which is said to have been more serious than her fling with mr miliband . miss flanders , daughter of michael flanders of the musical comedy duo flanders and swann , met mr balls in 1989 at harvard university where they were both kennedy scholars . they later worked together as leader writers at the financial times . miss flanders , 46 , accused the media of ‘ raking over’ mr miliband’s past in the run-up to the election . miss flanders , now a mother of two , went on to spend years reporting on economics for the bbc , firstly on newsnight and then as the corporation’s economics editor . in 2013 she quit the corporation to take a lucrative job as chief european market strategist for the fabulously wealthy us investment bank jp morgan , where tony blair is a senior adviser . last week’s revelations led to a series of stories about mr miliband’s tangled love life before he met his wife . in an interview yesterday , the labour leader played down the controversy , saying : ‘i’m not at all bothered about attacks on me , but i don’t think it’s very nice for the other people who are not in the public eye . ’ labour sources also dismissed the row , saying it would help dispel characterisations of him as a geek . but one poll yesterday showed a sharp deterioration in mr miliband’s approval ratings among women . the opinium survey showed that the labour leader’s approval rating among women fell by nine points in a week . just 24 per cent of women think mr miliband is doing a good job , compared to 45 per cent who do not , giving him a net approval rating of minus 21 , compared to minus 12 the previous week . his approval rating among men is minus 15 . 