a british grandmother on death row in bali for smuggling cocaine has condemned the execution of the australian bali nine duo as ' senseless and brutal ' . lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ' feels like giving up ' and ' just wants to get it over with ' . australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad . scroll down for videos . lindsay sandiford , pictured , believes that she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs . she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine . one of ambulances carrying the bodies of australian death-row prisoners andrew chan and myuran sukumaran arrives at a funeral home in jakarta , indonesia . an ambulance carrying the coffin of one of eight executed drug convicts seen as it exits nusakambangan port . ambulances with the bodies of the eight men executed by indonesia overnight , including australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran , were pictured arriving at cilacap port from the prison island . the grandmother told a friend she was ' utterly heartbroken ' at the news about chan , who she had befriended in bali 's squalid kerobokan prison . the australian pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions after a final kfc bucket meal . she said : ' the men shot dead were reformed men – good men who transformed the lives of people around them . their senseless , brutal deaths leave the world a poorer place.if they kill someone as good as andrew , what hope is there for me ? ' i just want to get it over with . i feel like just giving up . ' andrew chan ( right ) , who befriended sandiford in prison , and myuran sukumaran ( left ) were killed by firing squad . at cilacap port , anti-death penalty protesters began playing ' hallelujah ' just prior to news of the deaths . a group of christians pray and hold a candlelight vigil to protest against the death penalty at nusakambangan port . sandiford says chan – who was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called bali nine heroin smuggling plot – helped her cope in jail after she was given her death penalty two years ago . she said : ' i really admire andrew . he 's been an incredible help to me and he would be there for anyone who genuinely needed help inside the prison . ' the heart of the prison has gone since they left . they organised rehabilitation projects . if it was n't for them , we would n't have running water on the blocks , or the classes in painting , cookery and computers . i would like to send my deepest condolences to their families and loved ones . ' many things have been said about whether andrew and myuran deserved to die for their crimes . i didn’t know those men at the time they committed those crimes 10 years ago . what i can say is that the andrew and myuran i knew were men who did good and touched the lives of a great many people , including myself . ' chan – who turned to christianity and was ordained in prison earlier this year – told sandiford shortly before his transfer to execution island that he was reconciled to his fate . he said : ' i 'm not afraid to die but i am afraid of dying . i 'm scared of the bullets and i 'm scared it wo n't be a quick death . ' the australian pair were killed by a firing squad on bali 's ' death island ' , nusa kambangan . sandiford has been languishing on death row in bali since being convicted of attempting to smuggle £1.6million of cocaine through the island 's airport in 2012 . she maintains she was forced to transport the drugs to protect her children , whose safety was at stake . the british government refused a request to pay sandiford 's legal fees for her appeal . the british grandmother said she ' really admired andrew ' , who was executed by the firing squad . reformed drug smugglers andrew chan ( left ) and myuran sukumaran ( right ) were put to death . earlier ambulances carrying the corpses of chan and sukumaran arrived from the ' death island ' where they were shot dead . the families of chan and sukumaran released a statement following the executions . ' today we lost myuran and andrew . our sons , our brothers , ' they said . ' in the ten years since they were arrested , they did all they could to make amends , helping many others . they asked for mercy , but there was none . ' they were immensely grateful for all the support they received . we too , will be forever grateful . ' the others executed were indonesian zainal abidin , brazilian rodrigo gularte , nigerians sylvester obiekwe nwolise , raheem agbaje salami and okwudili oyatanze , and ghanaian martin anderson . a law enforcement official was quoted saying : ' the executions went well , without any disruptions . ' armed police lined the road at cilacap port as the ambulances carrying the coffins of the executed men were transported through a crowd . one of the lawyers for the bali nine drug traffickers took to twitter shortly after their deaths were confirmed . he tweeted , ' i failed . i lost ' , which was followed by another message apologising for their deaths . myuran sukumaran 's grief-stricken mother , raji , pleads for her son 's life as her husband sam looks on . an indonesian mobile brigade police team , believed to be an execution team , were photographed being taken on a boat to nusakambangan island . a local television station broadcast a chilling re-enactment of how executions are carried out in indonesi . in following through with the killings , the indonesian government ignored agonised pleas for clemency from the prisoners ' families and australian and international officials . all eight death row prisoners refused to wear blindfolds , choosing instead to face their executioners . mary jane fiesta veloso - the filipino drug mule who was the ninth convict sentenced to death - was spared after new information emerged about her case . as news filtered through to the nearby port of cilacap , supporters prayed and sung ' amazing grace ' . bali nine supporters comfort each other at cilacap after the harrowing news came through . ' today we lost myuran and andrew . ' our sons , our brothers . ' in the 10 years since they were arrested , they did all they could to make amends , helping many others . ' they asked for mercy , but there was none . ' they were immensely grateful for all the support they received . ' we too , will be forever grateful . ' the chan and sukumaran families were staying together in a hotel in cilacap when the murders occurred . some relatives who were on the island reportedly heard the deadly shots ringing out and ' became hysterical ' . a twitter account purporting to belong to chan 's brother , michael , tweeted : ' i have just lost a courageous brother to a flawed indonesian legal system . i miss you already rip my little brother . ' one of the pair 's lawyers , peter morrissey , told the nine network : ' it 's a very sad time.. the two boys are gone . ' they were beautiful blokes . it is really sad . ' we did have a good ( legal ) argument . we still have a good argument . we just do n't have anything to ( argue ) it for . ' we 'll all keep fighting the death penalty for sure but it 's not going to bring the boys back . ' one of the lawyers for the bali nine , todung mulya lubis , saw the loss of the young australian men as a personal failure . ' i failed . i lost , ' he wrote on social media . ' i am sorry ' . mary jane fiesta veloso ( centre ) survived - spared after her alleged recruiter turned herself in . mary jane veloso 's family appear relieved after arriving at nusa kambangan port in cilacap after their loved one was spared at the 11th hour . as the executions occurred , at nearby cilacap port anti-death penalty protesters lit white candles and sang ' hallelujah ' and just outside the gates . later , a silence fell over the area with only singing voices , music of amazing grace and prayers heard for the doomed bali nine duo . the australian government is expected to retaliate for wednesday 's executions , which prime minister tony abbott and foreign minister julie bishop had long lobbied against . even in the final hours , officials were fighting the death penalty ruling . indonesia has some of the toughest drug laws in the world . it ended a four-year moratorium on executions in 2013 . the country , which has now carried out 15 such executions in four months , has vowed to kill all of its 58 foreign drug convicts by the end of the year .