scottish first minister nicola sturgeon boasted tonight how a brand-new £1billion hospital in glasgow had been ' entirely funded ' by scottish taxpayers . ms sturgeon said the state-of-the-art south glasgow university hospital – which opened today complete with a fleet of robots delivering linen , a children 's cinema and helicopter landing pad – proved the snp 's commitment to the nhs . but ukip said the hospital had been funded with english taxpayers ' money ' shovelled ' to holyrood – despite gaping holes in hospital funding south of the border . scroll down for video . south glasgow university hospital opened today complete with a fleet of robots delivering linen , a children 's cinema and helicopter landing pad . the uk 's newest hospital has been nicknamed the ' death star ' by locals because of its giant 14-storey star-shaped design , topped by a landing pad for aircraft . the striking atrium reaches up the entire height of the building , which replaces four ageing hospitals across glasgow , some of which date back to victorian times . the hospital has an interactive display for children developed with the glasgow science centre . the former head of the nhs sir david nicholson delivered a stark warning earlier this month over the black hole in hospital finances . sir david said there was a ' substantial financial problem ' at the heart of the nhs and claimed the financial peril it faces will soon be ' crystal clear ' . the nhs will not publish this year 's accounts until after the uk general election on may 7 . but by december 2014 , more than two out of three nhs hospitals were in the red . last year , nineteen nhs trusts were referred to ministers after auditors raised concerns about their financial health . one of those referred was hinchingbrooke , which is the first hospital trust to be run by a private firm , circle . despite the growing crisis in funding for nhs england , the snp has demanded even more cash for scotland . dr david stewart , the medical director for nhs greater glasgow and clyde , said the south glasgow university hospital ' allows us to truly bring healthcare into the 21st century ' . snp leader nicola sturgeon has claimed the amazing building proves her party 's commitment to the nhs . there are self-service check-in machines and nearly all of the 1,100 beds have their own room , with an en-suite bathroom and views out over the city . the super hospital has a cinema and a roof garden in the children 's wing and is the latest to be built in the uk . the building 's full 14-storeys can be appreciated as soon as patients , visitors and staff enter the atrium . the hospital cost £842m but the medical equipment inside has brought the final total closer to £1billion . public funding north of the border is typically 20 per cent higher than in england – with scots receiving an extra £1,200 on their health care alone . snp leader nicola sturgeon , appearing on bbc newsnight tonight , defended the scale of public funding north of the border - and vowed to push for even more . last year , nineteen nhs trusts were referred to ministers after auditors raised concerns about their financial health . one of those referred was hinchingbrooke , which is the first hospital trust to be run by a private firm , circle . public funding north of the border is typically 20 per cent higher than in england – with scots receiving an extra £1,200 on their health care alone . the average public spending per person in the uk is just under £9,000 – but only £8,700 in england . this compares with some £10,275 in scotland . wales , meanwhile , receives £10,000 – while northern ireland gets £11,000 , the highest across the uk . hinchingbrooke hospital in cambridgeshire was the first nhs hospital to be taken over by private management in 2012 . it entered into an agreement with circle , an organisation of private healthcare consultants , after facing closure . but in january bosses announced the hospital was to return to nhs management after a care quality commission report deemed it ' inadequate ' . it was placed into special measures alongside 19 of the country 's most crisis-hit facilities as a result of the inspection . but insiders expressed concern the inspection was the product of labour supporters trying to negatively portray the privatisation of the nhs . the mail repeatedly highlighted concerns by mps and doctors that the inspection was flawed and a sabotage attempt by those opposed to privatisation . one of the inspectors was a member of the campaign group keep our nhs public while another was a senior figure in the british medical association , the doctors ' trade union , who had previously spoken out about the dangers of private firms ' involvement in the nhs . since the initial report the hospital 's status has been upgraded to ' requires improvement ' . following circle 's announcement that it had withdrawn from the contract it was returned to nhs management . scotland is guaranteed extra public funding by the controversial barnett formula used by the treasury to dole out taxpayers ' money around the uk . despite receiving thousands of pounds more per person already , ms sturgeon this morning vowed to use any influence after the election to push for more even public spending in scotland . the snp manifesto also calls for even more health spending over the next five years – vowing to wring out an extra £9.5billion from uk taxpayers every year by 2020 . this would mean a total increase for scotland 's nhs of £2billion . ms sturgeon this afternoon defended the level of health spending north of the border – by pointing to the new glasgow super hospital . the south glasgow university hospital – the uk 's newest hospital – has been nicknamed the ' death star ' by locals because of its giant 14-storey star-shaped design , topped by a landing pad for aircraft . the hospital cost £842m but the medical equipment inside has brought the final total closer to £1billion . there are self-service check-in machines , and nearly all of the 1,100 beds have their own room , while a fleet of robots deliver linen and other goods via a network of underground tunnels . the hospital replaces four ageing hospitals across glasgow , some of which date back to victorian times . dr david stewart , the medical director for nhs greater glasgow and clyde said the hospital ' allows us to truly bring healthcare into the 21st century ' . but a ukip spokesman told mailonline the hospital has been built using english money . he said the people of glasgow were ' very lucky to have their new hospital ' . but he added : ' the people of england and wales should be proud of the contributions they have made to it , while not funding their own public services to the same degree ' . it comes after nigel farage used the ' challengers ' tv debates to attack the barnett formula used for dishing out cash around the uk . he said : ' we 've had enough of shovelling all that money over hadrian 's wall . ' it also comes amid growing pressure on english hospitals ' finances , amid warnings of a financial ' black hole ' . former nhs chief sir david nicholson said there was a ' substantial financial problem ' at the heart of the nhs and claimed the financial peril it faces will soon be ' crystal clear ' .