rating : poets house is a swish new hotel in ely , a three-minute walk from the cathedral , offering terrific value . it 's quite a venture - and must have been a huge investment . there are 21 rooms , all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds . i keep thinking about phil neville , the former england footballer whose home once appeared in hello ! and which forever more is held as the gold standard for unadulterated bling . which is to say that poets house is glossy and lavish , but manages to stay on the right side of kitsch , not least because the finish is so good . there is n't a scuff in sight . state of the art : poets house is as much a sex and the city retreat as a hideaway in genteel ely . no , it might not be to all tastes ( there are mirrors everywhere with poetry written on them , such as lines from kipling : ' since my house to thy house no greater can send than thy house but my house , friend comforting friend ' ) and the floors are given over to black-and-white squares with embedded stars . but you would be hard pressed not to have a good time here . we arrive on a wet blustery evening . i pop into reception and ask where we can park and am told to leave the car exactly where it is . valet parking will sort it at no extra charge . then a man who says he has a hungarian father and german mother escorts us purposefully to our room , opens the door and says : ' you have every shade of grey in here . ' he must have used the line dozens of times , but still gets a kick from it . we unpack our whips ( sorry , wash bags ) before hurrying down to the shiny , funky bar and order two glasses of bubbly . black and white : poets house incorporates smart , clean lines , elegant décor and crisp white tablecloths . we 're in the zone , sitting on stools at the flashy bar as if auditioning as extras for a sex and the city sequel , and have to pinch ourselves that this is ely . the main dining room is a more formal , carpeted affair with crisp , white tablecloths and huge , bulbous wine glasses . there 's an amuse bouche ( naturally ) , followed by impressive , but over-elaborate , scallops and then perfectly cooked steaks . back in our room , there are gadgets galore : a tv that connects to the internet , a bose sound system accessible via bluetooth , a tablet computer playing the role of the hotel directory . the carpet is thick , the shiny bedhead and curtains so over the top they make us chuckle . after breakfast , we tell a member of staff that we want to visit the cathedral . ' just leave everything packed in your room and we will put it all your car , which will be waiting for you when you return . ' it is , too . poets house used to be an old people 's home . for any lingering ghosts from those days , it must seem like a thousand years ago . poets house . st mary 's street ely . cambridgeshire . cb7 4ey . 01353 887777 . www.thehousecollection.com . doubles from £159 b & b . rating :