tory election chiefs have given their candidates a letter-writing kit to target farmers , pensioners and women , leaked documents have revealed . a series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the may 7 election . women are told they are ' vital to the success of the british economy ' while pensioners are praised for their ' wealth of experience ' . a series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the may 7 election . the letter-writing kit was revealed today as david cameron made a campaign stop at the national grid training centre in newark . tory candidates are told to praise teachers as ' the best we have ever had ' and tell farmers that they are ' vital ' the party 's economic plan , according to the leaked letter-writing guide . the letter templates are aimed at what party headquarters describes as ' target groups ' in the electorate . tory chiefs believe there are seven groups of voters who can be persuaded to change their vote in the run up to the election , including military veterans , pensioners , teachers and parents . the other groups tory candidates are asked to target are women , young voters and farmers . there are also a number of letters ' written specifically for individual subjects ' , including defence , immigration and europe . it advises activists : ' people are more likely to respond to a message from you if you write to them on an issue that they are directly interested in . ' this pack aims to provide you with pre-written examples you can use as the basis on which to write to people on issues that they raise . ' the 37-page document , leaked to the guardian , tells its candidates to tell women : ' conservatives are committed to ensuring equal opportunities for men and women in all aspects of their lives . ' we are supporting women in work and providing greater financial security by reducing taxes , cutting the cost of childcare , addressing the gender pay gap and introducing shared parental leave . ' leaked documents reveal tory election chiefs have given their candidates a letter-writing kit to target farmers , pensioners , women and other target voters - as well as advice on how to respond to questions about certain subjects . the letter templates are aimed at what party headquarters describes as ' target groups ' in the electorate . the pack also says : ' women are vital to the success of the british economy , and because our long-term economic plan is working , there are now more women in work and more women running their own business than ever before ' . a pensioner who has raised an issue may receive a letter that says : ' conservatives believe that if you have worked hard , saved , paid your taxes and done the right thing , you deserve dignity and financial security when you retire . ' we want a country where you get something for something , not something for nothing . ' a tory spokesman refused to comment about the letter-writing guide . but labour mp graham jones said : ' this pack contains thousands of words but , as usual with the tories , no answers . ' rather than pumping out propaganda , what they should be doing is providing an explanation for their extreme plans , which would put the nhs at risk , and an answer as to whether they 'll give millionaires yet another tax break . ' green party activists have been told to dress in ' mainstream ' fashion while knocking on doors in a bid to win over sceptical voters . a manual for the party 's supporters urges them to appear ' level headed ' and ' agreeable ' – and even encourages them to compliment people 's homes . the advice , which has been distributed among green campaigners in london , also provides stock answers to ease voters ' concerns about their radical plans to dismantle the army , legalise drugs and pay everybody £72 a week no matter how rich they are . a green campaigning manual urges activists to dress in ' mainstream ' fashion - unlike the campaigners pictured with the party 's only mp caroline lucas at a fracking protest at balcombe , west sussex ( above ) . it comes amid growing scrutiny of the green party 's manifesto commitments after its membership surged to more than 50,000 , outnumbering the liberal democrats and ukip . but the party 's surge in support was hit by a series of disastrous media appearances from the party 's leader natalie bennett in which she struggled to explain her key policies . in february she suffered what she called a ' brain fade ' on lbc radio when she forgot the details of her party 's key housing policies . ms bennett endured another tough interview yesterday - and was forced to defend her proposal to give every adult in britain a guaranteed weekly income . she admitted the so-called ' citizens income ' – which critics say would cost £280billion – would take longer than five years to bring in , and could take even longer . ms bennett also admitted that another green pledge – to dismantle the armed forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines – was also a 'long-term aspiration ' . the party also supports leaving nato and abandoning nuclear weapons . the green manual for volunteers aims to ease voters ' concerns over the party 's radical platform . 