she 's in rehab now , but the big question remains : what exactly happened at the polo lounge at the swank beverly hills hotel that led to kim richards ' out of control behavior . the real housewife was arrested following an emotional breakdown after a heated exchange with the maître d ' at the swanky bar of the beverly hills hotel , daily mail online can reveal . in a downward-spiral , the 50-year-old recovering alcoholic admitted to dr phil mcgraw that she was drunk on the night of her arrest . scroll down for exclusive video . help : kim richards is now in a malibu rehab , but the star was out of control when she was arrested at the beverly hills hotel . she tells all to dr phil in a show that will air tomorrow . pouring her heart out : the reality star admits to dr phil that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter brooke 's house . ' a two inch drink ? ' dr phil asks . kim answers , ' oh yeah . ' dr. phil : ' was this in a five gallon paint can ? ' support system : three of richards ' four children , chad , 22 and kimberly , 20 , and brooke , 29 , who were there to support their mother . the night ended with police officers dragging the kicking and screaming reality star out of a bathroom cubicle when she refused to come out because she was ' angry and frightened ' . the explosive account of what happened on the night of april 16 has emerged in an emotional interview richards has given to dr phil that will air tomorrow . the daily mail online has learned exclusive details from the session during which richards – who has battled with alcoholism for years – told how she dramatically fell off the wagon . dr phil : if you’re an alcoholic that has fallen off the wagon , you’re at your daughter’s house and all of a sudden you’re in there pouring a drink , and then you roll into a bar at midnight , what , you’re already drunk when you get there , why , why would you not order a drink ? kim : because… . dr phil : why would you go to a bar if you’re not going to order a drink ? why not go to a pancake house….you could have gone to ihop ? ! kim : because i went there , because i was feeling the drink , and i didn’t want to drive anymore . and i pulled in so i wouldn’t be on the road . and i pulled in there because that’s a safe place for me . dr phil : you went to a bar ! kim : that’s where i usually go . and i 've been going there for years . dr phil : you could have got a room , you could have gone into the lobby . kim : i was just gon na sit down for a few minutes and just— . dr phil : in a bar ! she says she pulled in to the beverly hills hotel because she felt the glass of vodka she drank at her daughter brooke 's house kick in . she knew she would be comfortable at the hotel . he ex-in laws ( she was married to gregg davis , son of mogul marvin davis ) owned the hotel and she 's been going there since she was a little girl . but soon after arriving at the famed hotel , richards was asked to leave by the maître d ' at the polo lounge after he claimed the wobbly real housewife began harassing two strangers at the bar . she had earlier been asked to return to her own table after approaching the couple , but when she refused , a furious row erupted and hotel security was called . the night ended with richards ' well publicized arrest . the former child star turned real housewife claims she drove to the beverly hills hotel at midnight on april 16 after drinking a large glass of vodka . richards says she pulled into the hotel on her way home because she saw it as a ' comfortable , familiar ' place and felt the alcohol taking affect . astonishingly , the mom-of-four insists she did n't head straight to the hotel bar with the intention of buying more alcohol . she told dr. phil she pulled into the hotel because she felt the alcohol was unexpectedly hitting her . before entering the hotel she sat in the driveway for a while and cried . she went into the polo lounge and headed to a table in the corner where she always sits . there were some people at the table and she walked over and began chatting with them when the maître d ' - who she says she did n't know - asked her to return to her own table . richards said she did n't because the woman she was talking to said she could stay . kim : i started to drive home , and it was about when i hit the hotel , that i started to feel it . so i pulled in because i 'm comfortable there , i 've been going there since i 'm a little girl… . dr. phil : did you order a drink when you got there ? kim : i did not . the bar was closed . it was empty . i do know that when he mentioned the word trespassing . dr. phil : who said trespassing to you ? kim : the waiter . he said you know , ' if you do n't leave we 're going to call the police for trespassing . ' dr. phil : all of this is because you poured yourself . you said – . kim : oh no , it was a good size . dr. phil : a two inch drink ? kim : oh yeah . dr. phil : was this in a five gallon paint can ? what ? kim : no . it was just in a glass . dr. phil : let 's talk about the common sensibility of your story . let 's assume this is somebody else . okay and i leave and i 'm starting to feel it so i swing into the beverly hills hotel and i go into the polo and i 'm obviously impaired cause there 's somebody over there that i do n't know from adam but i think i do . kim : right . dr. phil : and i go over to their table and start talking to them and i 'm just chatting them up but it 's enough that the maitre d ' in a bar , which is a social scene comes over and says – . kim : when people drink – . dr. phil : ' you need to go back over to your table here because… ' . kim : right . dr. phil : but then it gets to the point that he comes back and says , ' no you 're trespassing . you need to not only go back to your table , you need to leave this establishment . ' kim : right . dr. phil : were you loud , were you obnoxious , were you crazy ? admitting that the night was a little foggy , richards said she went to talk to the stranger because she thought she knew her . she claims she did not have a drink at the hotel as the bar was shut but admitted she did n't remember much . but when the maître d ' told her if she did n't leave he was going to call the police for trespassing she got bent out of shape . since she first appeared on the hit reality show in 2010 , richards ' sobriety has been her major storyline , with her recent relapse as the driving force between kim and sister kyle 's distant relationship . tarnished star : kim richards leaving the beverly wilshire hotel in beverly hills , where she had an emotionally-charged interview with dr phil mcgraw . her sister kathy hilton is seen behind . scene of the crime : kim pulled into the hotel because she was feeling the effects of the glass of vodka she drank . last week we revealed how embattled richards stormed out of the dr phil interview , broke down in tears and went into full meltdown . observers revealed she bolted from the room where dr phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program . but richards apparently snubbed dr phil 's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'f*** ' , and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall . tmz reported that kim entered a malibu rehab facility over the weekend . dr phil 's interview with richards is set to air tomorrow , april 28 , her first for a national audience since the arrest . 