a 78-year-old connecticut man with a long criminal history was arrested on friday , but the man 's lawyer claimed the arrest was a ruse intended to pressure him to talk about the biggest art heist in u.s. history . robert gentile appeared in federal court in hartford , connecticut , on friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent . his attorney , ryan mcguigan , contended federal bureau of investigation agents really want to see what gentile knows about the theft of $ 500million in artwork from boston 's isabel stewart gardner museum 25 years ago . scroll down for video . robert gentile 's attorney ryan mcguigan ( pictured ) , said that though his client was arrested on a gun charge , he believes the arrest was a ruse to pressure gentile to speak about the $ 500million art heist from 1990 . a security guard at boston 's isabella stewart gardner museum stands outside the room from which most of the paintings were pilfered the day after the massive heist . this fbi sketch shows a likeness of the two suspects , who were reportedly wearing police uniforms when they performed the theft . they have have never been caught . ' the fbi has been questioning him for years because they think he knows the whereabouts of the gardner paintings , ' mcguigan said . he added : ' but he 's being set up , just like others who are threatened with long periods of incarceration by the fbi in the gardner case . ' the gun charge is just an excuse to question and threaten him further . ' police previously identified three suspects in the theft : carmello merlino , robert guarente , and robert gentile . merlino and guarente have died . gentile has denied any knowledge of the heist and the missing work . the thieves stole two rembrandts - the storm on the sea of galilee ( left ) , believed to be the only seascape the master painted , and a lady and gentleman in black . jan vermeer 's the concert ( right ) was also stolen and is one of approximately 35 known works by the great dutch painter . chez tortoni , painted by manet , shows a man wearing a top hat at a jaunty angle ; it was one of the last paintings to be stolen from the museum . govaert flinck 's ' landscape with an obelisk , ' painted in 1638 , was originally attributed to rembrandt , but was later found to be the work of his assistant , flinck . the fbi and u.s. attorney 's office in connecticut declined to comment on mcguigan 's claim . the gardner heist took place on the rainy night of march 18 , 1990 , when two men posing as police officers arrived at the museum 's front door . the guards on duty let them in and the pair allegedly overpowered them , one of whom spoke earlier this year about his guilt of letting the men in . the next morning the guards were found duct-taped to chairs in the basement and 13 artworks including rembrandt van rijn 's ' storm on the sea of galilee ' and johannes vermeer 's ' the concert ' were missing . a degas sketch from 1884 ( left ) and a self-portrait of rembrandt ( right ) were also among the items stolen from the museum . the empty frames from rembrandt 's ' storm on the sea of galilee ' and vermeer 's ' the concert ' remain on display in the museum as a constant physical reminder of the heist and the missing masterpieces . left , a visitor looks at the empty frame from a rembrandt work , and right , the museum pictured in 1990 following the heist , the empty frame of rembrandt 's oil painting ' a lady and gentleman in black ' lies on the floor and a space on the wall remains bare where his ' the storm on the sea of galilee ' once hung . in total the haul including three rembrandt works , five sketches by edgar degas , an édouard manet painting and a painting by vermeer - one of only 36 in the world . a bronze eagle statue , a chinese beaker from 1100 bc and a painting by govaert flinck were also taken . due to a quirk in the museum founder 's will , the empty frames that once held those paintings remain on the walls , an ever-present reminder of one of boston longest-unsolved crimes . aside from two sketches of mustachioed men in police hats - one with glasses and one without - little detail has ever been given as to who the thieves may have been . the fbi identified three persons of interest in the gardner case , all with ties to organized crime : carmello merlino , robert guarente , and robert gentile . in 2012 robert gentile 's connecticut home and shed ( pictured ) was searched by the fbi in connection with the case . gents used radar , as well as two beagles and a ferret , to dig up parts of gentile 's front lawn in 2012 ; the fbi warrant allowed the use of ground-penetrating radar . fbi investigators have long said they believed organized crime groups were behind the heist . gentile in 2012 submitted to a lie detector test that showed a high likelihood that he had lied when he investigators asked if he had any knowledge of the heist , according to court testimony . a 2012 fbi search of gentile 's home turned up a list of the stolen art pieces and their estimated value , as well as police uniforms . gentile has a criminal record dating back to the 1950s . most recently he spent two years in prison after being convicted of illegally selling prescription drugs to an informant . the gun charge he currently faces could carry a ten-year prison charge if he is convicted due to his status as a felon . the fbi search of gentile 's home turned up a list of the stolen art pieces and their estimated value , as well as policeuniforms . the fbi , pictured here in 2013 , has actively offered a $ 5million reward to anyone who had information that led to the painting 's safe return to the museum .