a woman suspected of abandoning her newborn baby girl in a south carolina dumpster has come forward following the rescue of the hours old infant by a teenager . horry county police said the mother , who will be identified once she is formally charged , turned herself in on thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police . the baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by austin detray on thursday afternoon when he heard her crying . inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta , according to wmbf . the 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition , and the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released , police said . scroll down for video . horry county police said the mother of an abandoned baby girl turned herself in on thursday night ( above a picture released by police of the woman suspected to be in connection to the incident ) . the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released , police said . the hours old baby girl was found trapped in a tied plastic bag inside a dumpster ( pictured above ) located in an apartment complex in myrtle beach . ' hospital staff estimated the baby was only hours old , ' horry county police department lt. raul denis told nbc . on friday , he said the baby is healthy and is in the custody of the social services department . police responded to a report of the incident around 2.30pm on thursday at an apartment complex in myrtle beach near island green country club . austin and his brother were taking trash to the dumpster when they heard a faint noise . ' i heard it and i instantly knew it was a baby and she was crying , so i jumped in the garbage can , or the dumpster , and i started moving bags away , ' austin told wmbf . ' i got two or three bags down and saw the baby 's face pressed against the bag . ' he added : ' it was tied shut…it was , it was horrible . i ripped it open and the umbilical cord was still there , the placenta , it was just born . ' austin detray ( above ) was with his brother when they heard the infant crying from inside the dumpster and rescued her before calling for help . austin 's mother jessica ( right ) cleared the baby girl 's mouth and nasal passages to help her breathe . emergency responders took the infant to hospital where she is listed in stable condition ( above scenes from the incident ) . austin then told his brother to go upstairs and get help when their mother , jessica , came to the scene and cleared the baby 's mouth and nasal passages . ' so what i did was i got towels and took care of her , ' said the mother-of-five . ' i named her hope . because i have hope for her and i pray , and if anything comes from this i want to make sure she is okay . ' once on the scene , emergency responders took the infant to a nearby hospital . on thursday , the detrays went to visit the baby girl , and jessica mentioned she is willing to care for the infant and is considering adoption . ' to the parents , you ought to be ashamed of yourself , ' jessica told wthr . ' i 'm sorry , but there are hospitals and door-knocking you could have done to make sure that baby was safe . '