blackpool striker nile ranger has accused the club of ' taking the mick ' out of him by giving him such a low-paid contract that it left him wondering how he would fill his fridge with food . the former newcastle forward has not featured for the seasiders since the end of november after making 14 appearances for the club in the first months of the season . has been awol since december . ranger has been awol since returning to london after being left out of the squad to face birmingham in early december , and the controversial striker has spoken for the first time about his struggles at blackpool . former newcastle striker nile ranger joined blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal . ranger has been awol since early in december and says the club took the mick with his contract . ' i 'm not on a lot of money there to be honest , they really took the mick , ' ranger was quoted as saying in the blackpool gazette . ' they put me on minimum wage and pay as you play . ' i was supposed to go to leeds but it fell through so i went to blackpool as a platform and just took whatever deal . i was n't getting in squads and i was asking how am i supposed to fill my fridge if i 'm not playing ? ' ' i thought i should have been playing . people who do n't know the situation will be thinking , `` oh , he 's awol again '' . ' there are certain situations going on which no-one knows about . it just did n't work out . with the manager and stuff things just were n't clicking . ranger spent four years at newcastle between 2009-2013 but his time was littered with disciplinary incidents . ranger arrives at court to be sentenced after being charged with common assault in 2013 . ' the manager is a good guy and things and everyone was nice but it was just the way they handled the deal , it was a bit off . ' the 24-year-old 's career has been littered with numerous disciplinary issues that has seen his two previous clubs swindon and newcastle terminate his contract . but ranger wants to start a fresh next season after his one-year deal with blackpool ends in the summer . ' i want to start a fresh again next season , ' he said . ' there will be plenty of opportunities for me , people think my chances have run out . but there will be plenty of things for me in the future . '