a gay couple getting married this summer had their wedding plans featured on hillary clinton 's announcement that she is joining the race for the white house . democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois , claimed they were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on sunday 's video announcing clinton 's 2016 bid . the pair were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year . milrad 's voice is heard in a voiceover saying : 'i’m getting married this summer to someone i really care about . ' scroll down for videos . jared milrad ( pictured right ) and his fiancé nate johnson , who are campaigning democrats , were featured in hillary clinton 's video announcing her 2016 white house bid . the couple , who are planning a summer wedding , were featured walking hand in hand during clinton 's video to announce her 2016 bid for the white house . ' we were both out shopping , working on wedding invitations , ' milrad said of finding out about their new-found fame . he said he was overjoyed to be part of the clinton rollout - and part of a large-scale change in u.s. social attitudes . ' it shows how far we 've come , ' said milrad , 31-year-old lawyer and social activist , pleased that public support for same-sex marriage rights has grown so far as to appear in a presidential campaign launch . mr johnson , 30 , is a project manager for a health care consulting company . the couple will get married in july in a chicago park bordering lake michigan then have their reception at a lgbt community center , the washington blade reported . the couple told the blade that they would be making financial contributions to clinton 's campaign and would volunteer . both have previously volunteered in presidential campaigns . johnson supported clinton in 2008 while milrad worked for obama in new hampshire . the gay couple were only one in a diverse series of aspirational americans featured in the clinton ad , which casts a broad demographic net as she hunts for a winning coalition of voters . the video also featured spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business , a mother seeking to return to the work force , an asian-american college graduate and expectant african-american parents . ' everyday americans need a champion , and i want to be that champion , ' clinton says on the video . ' so i 'm hitting the road to earn your vote . ' the vibrant clip , set to snappy music and featuring clinton for less than half the video 's length , is a dramatic departure from clinton 's drab announcement of seven years ago . the video which kicked off her former unsuccessful campaign showed clinton on a couch , talking about ending the iraq war , shrinking deficits and expanding affordable health care . mr milrad , who is the founder of social enterprise program the civic legal corps , worked for obama during the 2008 democrat primaries in new hampshire when the president was running against clinton . milrad , who is a lawyer and social campaigner , worked for obama in new hampshire during his 2008 white house bid . the couple pictured at the white house . they have been active campaigners in democrat campaigns and plan to donate financially to clinton 's white house bid . it made no mention of same-sex unions . barack obama , the candidate who beat her to the white house , was personally opposed to gay marriage in 2008 and only recently converted to the cause . ' it 's a sea change in progress that we see in our country , ' milrad said . minutes after the clinton announcement , milrad took to twitter to offer his endorsement -- and to invite clinton to the upcoming milrad-johnson nuptials . ' we have not officially heard from hillary , ' admitted johnson , a health consultant . ' we are going to extend an option of a plus-one for her . she 'll probably want to bring someone . ' 