an elderly woman died after she was unable to call for help because the phone company had disconnected the mobile she kept for emergencies . sheila secker , 78 , had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son , but as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off . when the grandmother collapsed in her home in december , she could not contact her family and died in hospital a few days later , the sunday times reports . cancelled : as sheila secker had not used her pay-as-you-go phone for any chargeable services , vodafone retired her number without warning . mrs secker 's son steve told the newspaper how his mother had owned the mobile phone for 14 years , and recently topped up the credit , but had not made any calls . shortly before her fall , mrs secker moved into a new home , near york , and had yet to have a landline installed , so relied on her mobile . mr secker told the sunday times ' money section how the family raised the alarm the next day after not hearing from his mother , and emergency services were called . mrs secker died in hospital on new year 's day . when mr secker contacted vodafone he was told his mother 's number had been retired , and that a ' glitch ' in the system had allowed the elderly woman to continue to ' top up ' her credit . take heed : most major mobile phone operators regularly ' recycle ' numbers when they have been out of use for a three to six months . ' what i can not fathom is , if vodafone has retired a number , how can it permit money to be taken as a top-up , ' mr secker , 46 , told the sunday times . ' this is nothing more than a rip-off to add insult to injury ' . most major phone operators regularly ' recycle ' phone numbers when they have been out of use for a certain time . a vodafone pay-as-you-go mobile is put into 'semi-quarantine ' if no chargeable calls or texts are made for 90 days . after a further 90 days the number is disconnected , and 270 days later the number is recycled and given to another customer , with any credit on the phone lost . ee retires a pay-as-you-go number after 180 days of inactivity and o2 disconnects a pay-as-you-go phone after six months of no chargeable services . tesco mobile allows six months of inactivity before sending the customer a text to remind them to use their phone again , or their number will be lost .