ukip has failed to outpoll the liberal democrats for the first time since 2013 in a fresh blow to nigel farage’s faltering election campaign . an exclusive comres survey for the daily mail and itv news shows the lib dems are up three points to 12 per cent , equal with ukip . the poll is the latest bad news for mr farage , and undermines his claim yesterday that support for ukip has ‘rallied’ after a lacklustre few weeks . scroll down for video . a comres survey has revealed that nick clegg 's ( right ) liberal democrat party is now equal with nigel farage 's ukip in the polls . it is the first time since late 2013 that ukip has failed to outpoll the lib dems . ‘ since the debates last week there is a very clear firming of the polls on ukip , ’ mr farage insisted . the poll will also ease tory jitters , showing that with less than a month to go to election day , the tories are on 34 per cent and labour on 33 per cent . while the tory lead has slipped slightly since the start of the campaign , the party will be relieved to be ahead after other pollsters suggested labour had taken a lead in recent days . labour has yet to be out in front in any comres telephone poll this year , reflecting what the pollster called ‘ a small , but existent lead for the conservatives’ . the poll also gives the tories a commanding lead on key economic issues . voters are more likely to trust the conservatives than labour most to keep the economy growing , by 46 per cent to 28 per cent , and make the right level of cuts to government spending , by 38 per cent to 32 per cent . even a significant number labour voters trust the tories most to secure growth ( 15 per cent ) and make the right level of cuts to government spending ( 10 per cent ) . following the ‘non-dom’ tax row , the public is evenly split in its trust of both main parties in setting the right levels of tax for everyone , with each backed by 36 per cent . women are more likely to trust labour most to set the right levels of tax , by 40 per cent to 31 per cent , while men trust the conservatives , by 41 per cent to 33 per cent . voters have mixed views on the role of the rampant snp , threatening to steal dozens of seats from labour , if it holds the balance of power in a hung parliament . the poll found that while the david cameron 's conservative lead has slipped slightly since the start of the campaign , the tories still have 34 per cent of voters compared to ed miliband 's labour on 33 per cent . scotland’s first minister nicola sturgeon has said she is prepared to prop up an ed miliband government even if labour wins fewer seats . half of all voters ( 50 per cent ) say the snp should be allowed to try to form a government with whichever party it chooses . but 32 per cent insist it should try to form a government with the party with the most mps . conservative voters are most likely to say that the snp should have to try to form a government with the party with the most mps in parliament , rather than its preferred choice , by 43 per cent to 40 per cent . katharine peacock , managing director of comres , said : ‘ after a desperate five years [ for the lib dems ] in terms of public support , this poll may be the first sign of such a recovery happening again . but they start from a long way behind . ’ a survation poll for the daily mirror put labour on 35 per cent , the tories on 31 per cent , ukip 15 per cent , lib dems 9 per cent and greens 4 per cent . a prominent ukip candidate says he wants david cameron to win the general election . john van weenen admitted his party is ‘ not in the running’ but said he was speaking out because of the threat of labour taking power propped up by the scottish nationalists . mr van weenen , 73 , who is standing in south west bedfordshire , said : ‘ the snp is going to get in , and i would rather see cameron get in . i agree with ukip policy entirely , but i’m concerned looking at the big picture . ’ enough already ... voters do n't want to know about leaders ' wives . a large majority of voters does not want to know about the spouses and children of party leaders , the poll reveals . it shows that 71 per cent believe they are only voting for politicians - and have no need to know about their wives , husbands or offspring . just 25 per cent say it is important to get to know party leaders’ families to better understand their characters . the findings are a blow to the three main party leaders , who have made their wives more prominent in this election campaign than ever before . only 25 per cent of voters believe it is important to get to know party leaders’ families , a new comres poll shows . the party leaders have made their wives more prominent in this election campaign than ever before . samantha cameron has accompanied her husband on a series of election visits , and even made a solo stop to the seat of rochester , in kent , where the tories are seeking to dislodge ukip defector mark reckless . she has also spoken on camera when a bbc crew was ushered into the cameron’s oxfordshire home . justine miliband yesterday gave a national newspaper interview , and has also welcomed tv cameras into her home to film her and her children , while miriam gonzalez durantez , nick clegg’s wife , has similarly appeared on camera and taken part in campaign visits . the comres poll shows conservative voters are the most likely to think it is important to get to know the wives and families of the party leaders – 32 per cent -- compared to a quarter – 25 per cent -- of labour voters . women are marginally more likely to want to know about politicians’ spouses and families than men , by 27 per cent to 24 per cent . a separate poll , by yougov , found that mrs cameron is twice as popular as other leaders’ wives . it found that 54 per cent of voters said they liked mrs cameron , more than double the proportion who opted for ms gonzalez durantez clegg or mrs miliband . the prime minister’s wife scored well with men and women alike , as well as voters who have backed other parties . the poll found that women are marginally more likely to want to know about politicians’ spouses and families than men , by 27 per cent to 24 per cent . above : ed miliband is supported by wife justine during the campaign . the poll for the london evening standard asked which of the women was ‘ the best election asset for their parties’ , with 26 per cent backing mrs miliband and 20 per cent supporting ms gonzalez durantez . some 90 per cent of tory supporters chose mrs cameron , compared with 82 per cent of lib-dem supporters who opted for mrs clegg . only 61 per cent of labour supporters backed mrs miliband , with around a fifth believing mrs cameron was a better asset and a fifth thinking mrs clegg was the best . tanya abraham , of yougov , said : ‘ samantha cameron is the clear winner in the battle of the wives . ‘ however , it should be noted that as the wife of the prime minister she has had a high profile over the past few years . it could be that as the campaign progresses miriam clegg and justine miliband become better known and their impact on the party or politicians’ image increases . ’