a woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with ' a dildo in each hand ' during an altercation outside a grafton pub . an eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside roches family hotel late friday night before it spilled out onto victoria road . nick weller told the daily examiner he initially saw two girls brawling on the streets . a woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with ' a dildo in each hand ' during an altercation outside roches family hotel in grafton . ' there were two girls having an altercation out the front after the hotel closed , ' he said . ' there was definitely some hair pulling going on and a couple of girls ended up on the ground . ' the altercation took an unusual turn when mr weller and other onlookers spotted a woman approaching the scene , armed with two rubber sex toys . ' out of nowhere this other woman joined the fray with a dildo in each hand , ' mr weller said . ' she was swinging them about in the air threatening people who were standing around . ' it was just so weird to watch . my friends and i had no idea what was going on . we tried talking to her but she was seriously out of it at that stage . ' grafton police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry . he described the woman as caucasian , of slight build , aged in her late 20 's or early 30 's . mr weller said there were at least five or six girls fighting on the streets before police arrived . ' there was 20 or 30 people standing around it trying to break it up or having their own little altercations alongside . ' as soon as the cops arrived everybody sort of dropped their drinks and cleared off . ' grafton police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry . a spokesperson from roches family hotel denied there was a fight outside the venue , instead claiming it was ' just a heated discussion between a couple of people that spilled on to the street ' . ' it was cleared up pretty quickly as soon as the police arrived on scene , ' they told the examiner . 