sixth-seeded tomas berdych overwhelmed gael monfis 6-1 , 6-4 saturday to reach the final of the monte carlo masters for the first time . berdych immediately took control from the baseline and monfils struggled to cope with the fast pace imposed by the big-hitting czech . monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set before the frenchman changed his strategy , using more sliced shots to break up his opponent 's rhythm . tomas berdych has reached the monte carlo masters final for the first time in his career . the sixth-seed defeated frenchman gael monfis 6-1 , 6-4 on saturday to secure his place in the final . the move paid off early in the second set when monfils broke back to level at 1-1 as berdych made two forehand errors . monfils failed to build on the momentum , though , dropping his next service game as his hopes of becoming the first french player in 15 years to make the final at the country club vanished . ' it 's always difficult when i 'm up against tomas , i ca n't find the proper way to play him , ' said the 14th-seeded monfils after his sixth loss in seven matches against the czech . ' hopefully i 'll find the solution one day . ' monfils , who was a wild-card entry this week after recovering from a hip injury sooner than expected , added that his poor percentage on his first serve was a decisive factor . ' but even when i served well , he was returning hard and deep , ' monfils said . ' he reads my serve very well . ' chasing a second masters title 10 years after he made his breakthrough at the paris masters , berdych will face either rafael nadal or top-ranked novak djokovic in the final . berdych will face either rafael nadal or top-ranked novak djokovic in the final in monte carlo . monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set as he struggled to cope with the big-hitting czech . after dictating from the baseline in the first set , he was able to raise his game when monfils looked capable of coming back . he fended off two consecutive break points in the sixth game of second set with authority , following up two big serves with powerful forehands . berdych hit 21 winners and sealed his win in 67 minutes with a forehand down the line . the czech has been in excellent form this year , reaching the semi-finals at the australian open and finishing runner-up in doha and rotterdam .