manchester united players wayne rooney and david de gea made the time to meet some sick supporters alongside manager louis van gaal on monday . the trio , along with other squad members such as ashley young and michael carrick , met the fans at their training complex as part of the manchester united foundation ' dream day ' . the three united heroes greeted all the supporters in attendance , making time to pose for photographs , chat with them about united 's season so far and sign memorabilia . louis van gaal ( left ) and his players met ill supporters on behalf of the manchester united foundation . united goalkeeper david de gea ( left ) and captain wayne rooney were in attendance to greet supporters . the manchester united foundation says it ' works in some of the most disadvantaged areas across greater manchester and uses the passion for manchester united to educate , motivate and inspire young people . ' the fans who made it to the united 's training ground were clearly overjoyed to have the opportunity to meet rooney , captain for the club and england . they also took the chance to engage with van gaal , who was obviously much more welcoming than he was towards the media after united 's 1-0 loss to chelsea on saturday . the dutchman felt aggrieved at what he perceived to be a foul on falcao by john terry in the build-up the eden hazard 's decisive strike at stamford bridge . ' for me , it was a foul . that 's my opinion on falcao , ' van gaal fumed after the game . ' you are dependable on the referee . when he whistles , its a penalty . when he does n't whistle for a foul on falcao , it 's not a foul . ' michael carrick ( left ) and ashley young also visited the sick children and adults on monday . van gaal ( left ) and his players also signed memorabilia for the visitors from the foundation . van gaal was upset on saturday that john terry appeared to foul falcao before eden hazard scored . but he was in a much more jovial mood alongside the supporters of his team on monday , appearing to share jokes with the fans and happily had his photograph taken with them . van gaal will be preparing for de gea , rooney , young and carrick to lead united back to winning ways in the league when they travel to merseyside to take on everton at goodison park on sunday .  