marlon samuels found a novel way of carrying on his duel in the second test with ben stokes here on thursday night when he sent him on his way with a military-style salute . stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day when he smashed a devendra bishoo long-hop straight to deep square leg and samuels wasted no time in pouring salt on his wounds , saluting him on his way . the durham all-rounder muttered under his breath as he walked past samuels before england closed on 373 for six , a lead of 74 , thanks to an outstanding unbeaten 118 from the prolific joe root . ben stokes ( left ) gives marlon samuels a stare as the west indian gives him a send-off salute on thursday . stokes looks at samuels as the cheeky centurion stands at attention with his hat on his check for the send-off . and west indies great curtly ambrose , now the bowling coach , insisted afterwards that the eccentric samuels was just having a bit of fun . ‘ i didn’t really see it , but there’s nothing wrong with a little banter in international cricket , ’ said ambrose . ‘ as long as it doesn’t go over the top i’m fine with it . i think it’s more friendly . he gave a salute ? is that a sign of respect , i don’t know . ' that 's something that we do n't really preach . we always make sure that we tell the guys to keep it clean , and keep it within a certain range , and do n't go over the top . ' international cricket is hard , and they must find ways to relax themselves , and smiling is one of those things . as much as we 're working hard and want to win , you must have some fun doing it . you 've got to enjoy what you are doing . ‘i’m hoping it was light-hearted because we always make sure we tell the guys to keep it clean and don’t go over the top . i don’t think marlon meant anything by it . you have to find ways to relax and have fun . ’ the gesture was seen as good ' banter ' by geoffrey boycott in commentary for bbc 's test match special . boycott said : ' the samuels salute was all right because it is banter and fun . it is not punishable — it was funny . ' stokes does n't get a full piece of an innocuous delivery from bishoo and skies his shot into the outfield . stokes looks on in hope as the ball floats into the safe hands of blackwood , who took his second catch . after the pair clashed in windies ' first innings while samuels got 103 , the all-rounder gave stokes a slaute . graeme swann said immediately after the day 's play that while not the biggest fan of samuels the gesture made him laugh . ' he can be an absolute tool sometimes but i have to admit marlon samuels just made me laugh tea out of my nose with his saluting send off , ' swann wrote on twitter . ' heavy money on @ benstokes38 getting marlon out in the 2nd dig . eng should line up a guard of honour for him . love to see humour on the field . ' joe root celebrates reaching his century during a short partnership with stokes . alastair cook was unable to reach an elusive century after dragging shannon gabriel on for 76 .  