an arrest warrant has been issued for disgraced afl premiership player ben cousins after he failed to appear in a perth court on traffic offences . cousins , 36 , has been on bail and was due to face fremantle magistrates court on wednesday morning but he did not appear . his lawyer claimed the former west coast eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments , and said he had a photograph of the document , but the court requires a hard copy . the magistrate had ordered cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm wst or an arrest warrant would be issued . scroll down for video . ben cousins , 36 , who has a history of substance abuse , has made headlines several times in the past fortnight after a string of alleged incidents . the 2005 brownlow medallist was arrested on march 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from bicton to mosman park . he was charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test . just before 4pm , a spokeswoman at the court confirmed an arrest warrant had been issued . the 2005 brownlow medallist was arrested on march 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from bicton to mosman park . he was charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test . cousins has twice been hospitalised for mental health assessments following that incvident - the first time after he breached security at an sas base in swanbourne . the second time followed seemingly bizarre behaviour in canning vale , including climbing on the roof of a house . the former west coast eagles captain has not been charged over those incidents . cousins retired from the afl in 2010 . he was arrested on march 11 after police saw him driving erratically in bicton and was eventually caught several suburbs away in mosman park . cousins played 270-games with west coast and richmond during his career in the australian football league . ben cousins and former partner maylea tinecheff pictured on a new idea magazine cover in 2011 . footage emerged this week showing cousins running through the streets away from police . cousins was spotted climbing onto the roof of a two-storey home in perth on monday .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .