he has taken millions of selfies - including during this campaign . but yesterday the prime minister used a selfie stick for the first time . it happened as david cameron toured pirate fm during a visit to cornwall to lay out conservative plans for the southwest . prime minister david cameron , pictured , used a selfie stick for the first time during visit to cornwall . the pm posed with the telescopic device to take a photograph with staff at pirate fm . selfie sticks work by fixing the camera to an adjustable clamp on a telescopic arm , allowing the users to feature in the wide angle photo they are taking . mr cameron travelled down to the south west on the sleeper train . he told staff that other world leaders have selfie sticks , including the prime minister of finland . during his visit to the station mr cameron was presented with a cornish t-shirts emblazoned ' if you can smell my pasty , you 're too close . ' mr cameron kindly volunteered to give that to the chancellor - a reference to george osborne 's infamous budget in which he proposed a ' pasty tax ' . mr cameron likes to project an image as the ' chillaxing ' statesman unruffled by political troubles - but this morning his usual demeanour seemed to desert him as he donned a bizarre outfit on the campaign trail . the prime minister looked exhausted as he stepped off the sleeper train at penzance today , ahead of a speech in which he delivered his ' plan for cornwall ' . mr cameron arrived in penzance yesterday morning after spending eight hours on the train from paddington . he was dressed very casually as he alighted the sleeper carriage after the eight-hour journey . mr cameron said it was nice to have a night without the children or mrs cameron nudging him in the ribs . the conservatives are battling against their coalition partners in the south-west as they seek to wrest control of key constituencies from the liberal democrats . but mr cameron is still trailing ed miliband 's labour party nationally , with just 13 days to go until polling day . the prime minister seemed as if he had had trouble sleeping on the eight-hour journey from london 's paddington station . his hair was unkempt and he was wearing an unusual combination of jeans with shiny loafers which might be considered more appropriate for a smart business suit . mr cameron sported a navy jacket with a dark blue polo shirt , and set off his outfit with the ultimate status symbol - a red box holding ministerial papers , which only a few dozen people are entitled to carry . while the jacket may have looked inoffensive , the tory leader may have been making a political statement in support of the union , as it appears to have been made by scottish firm lyle & scott . similar models retail online for around £125 . speaking at a factory later , he insisted that he had in fact slept very well - because his wife samantha was not there to complain about him talking in his sleep . mr cameron said : ' it was very comfortable , very nice it was too , to have a night without the children waking me up or mrs cameron nudging me in the ribs and telling me to shut up for talking in my sleep . '