mauricio pochettino says another campaign in the europa league will hamper tottenham 's hopes of breaking into the top-four . spurs ' chances of qualifying for next season 's champions league look over following poor results against burnley and aston villa . but the white hart lane club could yet secure another season in the europa league . mauricio pochettino believes europa league participation could hamper tottenham 's top four hopes . however , pochettino fears another year in the competition could have a detrimental impact on their hopes of entering europe 's elite club competition . ' i think i confirmed my idea and my thoughts before when i had the same question when i was manager of southampton . ' the europa league is difficult . when you are a team like us , you play in the europa league and the premier league it is difficult to manage it . the europa league is good if you arrive at the final . we can see now that everton are a team that has a good level but before it was very difficult for them . roberto soldado reacts as tottenham are knocked out of this season 's competition by fiorentina . harry kane ( centre ) in action as pochettino 's side struggled to a 0-0 draw against burnley earlier this month . liverpool last season and manchester united this season have shown that within the europa a league you have a better chance to fight for the top four . meanwhile , pochettino has told newcastle bods john carver that escaping criticism is impossible as a manager . the caretaker , who replaced alan pardew earlier this year , has been in the firing line of late following a sorry run of form . and pochettino , who revealed hugo lloris and kyle walker are major doubts ahead of the clash against the magpies , insists the buck stops with carver . christian benteke ( right ) celebrates his winning goal during aston villa 's 1-0 win last weekend . spurs defender kyle walker ( left ) is a major doubt for the premier league clash against newcastle . ' i think you care about another manager because you can be in the same position . ' in your career sometimes you are up and sometimes you are down . you suffer a lot when things are not good . so for that reason i care a lot about him . ' but we understand that when you put your face in front on the touchline , when you are a head coach or a manager you are responsible . ' if you want to keep your place you stay in the background . ' the manager has to be brave , it is not an easy job . when the good things happen sometimes it is good to hear : ‘ good man , good job . ’ ' when the problems arrive it is difficult to be in a good mood . but it is important to be brave . ' pochettino has told newcastle bods john carver that escaping criticism is impossible as a manager . french goalkeeper hugo lloris is also likely to miss out as he continues to recover from a knee injury .