americans who were on mount everest when it was hit by a deadly avalanche have described the moment the wall of snow and ice hit their camp and the carnage that surrounded them during the aftermath . at least 17 climbers , including three americans , and many sherpas died as a result of the earthquake that has killed 2,500 people across the himalayas . some people managed to survive , but others are still trapped on the mountain waiting to be rescued . scroll down for video . jon reiter , a contractor from kenwood , california , was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit . he described how he tended for the injured even after doctors told him there is little chance they will survive . scott holder , a financial adviser from santa rosa , california , and jon reiter , a contractor from nearby kenwood in sonoma county , were caught up in the deadly avalanche . reiter , who was making his third attempt at the summit , called is wife susan by satellite phone , the press democrat reported . he described how he was given medicine to give to the injured , but one doctor told him : 'don’t worry , you are just comforting these people . most of them are not going to survive . ' saying he had a ' pretty rough day ' saturday , he added during an interview with cnn that he was forced to zip a dead body into a sleeping bag . she then posted on his blog about what had happened . ' he said that the ground shook for a very long time and that avalanches were happening one right after another on the mountain , ' she wrote . ' we just talked for a minute and he got off the phone because he and his climbing partner moises are helping with the rescue effort . jon and moises do n't have medical training but they are acting as medics because so many people are injured . ' he said that most of base camp was damaged . all the img ( international mountain guides ) group tents are being used as temporary medical facilities for the injured . ' jon also spoke to cnn on sunday , saying : ' we 're feeling pretty lucky today . ' holder managed to escape the carnage - having to leave the mountain with a severe head cold one day before the earthquake hit . he said : ' god definitely had his hand in my survival . my cold took me out of the danger zone . i guess you could say god gave me a cold . ' ashleigh stumler from charlotte , north carolina , thought she was getting dizzy as she hiked on mount everest , but a guide soon informed her it was an earthquake . she told wsoc that she was forced to hang onto a tree as the earth shook . ashleigh stumler from charlotte , north carolina , thought she was getting dizzy as she hiked on mount everest , but a guide soon informed her it was an earthquake . as she makes her way down from the mountain , she is hoping to help survivors and is gathering contacts in the united states in a bid to raise funds . ' these have been some of the most incredible , strong people i 've ever met in my entire life . just good people and they are in dire need of help . ' melissa arnot , who was set to be only the second woman to climb everest without oxygen checked in via sattellite phone to say her team was safe on saturday . among mountaineers thought to have died in the disaster is 33-year-old google executive and a former medical student doctor offering care at the site while a filmmaker recording a documentary at the base camp was also killed . american google executive dan fredinburg was the first confirmed fatality on the mountain yesterday . dr marisa eve girawong , 29 , was also killed when ice and rock crushed the 18,000-foot-altitude base camp where she worked as a medic for madison mountaineering . a third american , tom taplin , 61 , who owned tet films & photography , was making a documentary when the earthquake hit , nbc news reported . his wife corey fryer told the station he died ' doing what he loved ' . it is the worst natural disaster nepal has seen in 81 years , and the highest death toll ever recorded on everest . before now , the mountain 's deadliest year was 2014 , when 16 people died in one day . rescuers help a porter onto a makeshift stretcher after he was injured when the wall of ice and snow hit . 