hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing travel misery this weekend because of the easter rail shut down . despite more than 30 premiership and championship games scheduled for the long weekend , large parts of the rail network are set to be closed for repair works . more than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption , forcing fans onto the roads . this weekend 's crunch premiership fixture , arsenal versus liverpool in london , will be hit by the rail chaos . labour has accused the government of failing to learn from the boxing day chaos , when nearly a million football fans faced nightmare journeys to follow their team . ministers were warned of the potential problems in advance labour has claimed – but they failed to scrutinise the planned level of maintenance work . every single major artery on britain 's railways was shut down . no trains ran between england and scotland or wales on the east coast , west coast or great western mainlines . the midland , cross country and east anglia were also shut . despite the chaos the government has refused to step in this weekend to stop large parts of the rail network shutting down again . the planned engineering works over the easter weekend will hit all routes to and from london euston – hitting the busy west coast services between the capital and birmingham , manchester and liverpool . there will be no mainline trains at all from paddington out towards swindon , bristol and cardiff and further disruptions on lines from london bridge . all trains out of london euston - serving the main west coast rail line between the capital and birmingham , manchester and liverpool - have been hit . trains between milton keynes central and clapham junction are also affected as well as those traveling on the line between london paddington and greenford , slough and windsor & eton central , maidenhead and marlow , twyford and henley-on-thames . all routes to and from reading are also hit , with charing cross trains to kent and routes to east anglia from london liverpool street also affected . it means there will no trains for fans wanting to travel to the reading versus cardiff city match in berkshire – forcing supporters onto the roads on replacement bus services instead . there will also be no trains available for the thousands of liverpool fans wanting to get home after the arsenal versus liverpool match on saturday . michael dugher , the shadow transport secretary , said accused ministers or being too ' out of touch ' with ordinary football fans to understand the chaos the rail shutdown will cause . shadow transport minister michael dugher said the government had not learned from past mistakes . he said : ' just like on boxing day , hundreds of thousands of people will want to travel to see family and also to follow their football team on one of the busiest fixture lists of the season . ' ministers were asleep on the job over the christmas period and there is little to suggest they have learnt from their mistakes . ' we have seen no evidence that ministers have adequately scrutinised the level of planned engineering works or ensured that the necessary contingency plans are in place . ' as usual , it will be hard-pressed passengers - who 've already seen their fares go up by more than 20 per cent on average since 2010 - who will suffer . ' transport secretary patrick mcloughlin has admitted there will be ' frustrations ' on rail services this weekend and urged people to ' think twice ' before travelling . mr mcloughlin said : ' there will be alternatives and we 've lifted almost all motorway roadworks to help . ' but if you are travelling between friday and monday night please check your journey first , it may be that you 'll think twice about how you travel . ' i 'm sorry if it is more difficult - but my promise is that the work is essential and when it 's done the benefits will be worthwhile . ' a spokesman for network rail said over the past three months they have contacted both the fa and every individual premiership club to ensure they’re aware about the disruption . a conservative spokesman said the easter weekend was a ' sensible ' time to carry out the repair work . he said : ' thanks to this government 's successful management of our economy we have been able to commit £38billion to upgrading our national rail infrastructure , after 13 years of labour neglect . ' the £100million of upgrades this easter is the biggest set of works ever carried out over a long weekend . with passenger numbers down 40 per cent it is a sensible time to do these works , they will unblock current bottlenecks and deliver a better railway for passengers . ' labour need to get real , they can either support the long overdue upgrade of our national rail network or plunge it back into long term decline . ' on the 7th of may voters will have a clear choice between the conservative party securing our country 's long term future or a labour party that will bring chaos . '