tiger woods is in it to win it — but it would be a ‘ disaster for everyone’ if he limps out of the masters this week . that is the view of colin montgomerie after woods confirmed his return to competitive golf for the first time since early february , when he withdrew with a back injury in the first round of the farmers insurance open . having plummeted to 104 in the world rankings and with no kind of competitive action under his belt , beyond the rounds he has amassed in practice in florida and at augusta during the past few days , his form is a mystery . former world no 1 tiger woods confirmed earlier this week that he will play at the masters . woods has dropped out of the world 's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years . watch live coverage of all four days of the masters only on sky sports ( from 7pm ) and from friday on bbc2 ( 7pm ) . but montgomerie , who will be at the masters in augusta commentating for sky sports , the only place to watch all four days live , said : ‘ he hasn’t entered to make up the numbers , i can guarantee that . imagine tiger coming here to the masters and scoring 69 or 68 in the first day ? suddenly the whole place is alive . it’s a buzz . ‘ if rory mcilroy starts with a 69 , 68 , so does tiger , marvellous . ‘ it would be fantastic , it would be a buzz around the place , some sort of electricity that we have missed without him . ‘ whether he can win again , who knows ? hey , never mind a major , can he win another event ever again ? but let’s hope that it’s not one of these 75 , 76 , i’ve hurt my back , and goes home . that would be a disaster for everybody . ’ woods has won the masters on four separate occasions with his last win coming in 2005 . colin montgomerie has said it would be fantastic to see a fully fit woods go up against rory mcilroy . mcilroy can match woods in winning the grand slam if he wins the masters . but 51-year-old montgomerie believes the man from northern ireland will never hold the same dominance over golf that woods achieved in his prime in 2000 . he said : ‘ i don’t think we’ll ever see the dominance that tiger had in that year , ’ he said . ‘ the golf that was played and the way that it was done , in winning majors by eight and 15 shots , it was just incredible stuff . ‘ at this moment in time , the competition is now so severe that any lapse at all , and there is someone willing to take up that baton . ‘ and that wasn’t the case with tiger . tiger had this dominance that rory hasn’t got yet . ’ 