if selected on sunday , david templeton will form part of a rangers guard of honour to recognise the outstanding championship success of his former club . there will be no feelings of envy as he applauds hearts on to the ibrox pitch . despite enduring much injury-induced frustration in his three seasons in govan , the winger remains adamant he can prove his worth by rekindling the kind of form he once showed in maroon . templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend as stuart mccall 's recorded a 4-1 victory over cowdenbeath . that followed up a breakthrough win over hibernian at easter road and enhanced confidence ahead of a real litmus test of their recent progress . rangers ace david templeton promotes tickets for sunday 's match against hearts at ibrox . hearts romped to the title with seven games to spare and currently sit 26 points in front of a rangers side fighting to finish as best of the rest ahead of the play-offs . this was n't a scenario templeton could ever have envisaged when he moved west along the m8 in august 2012 , away from vladimir romanov 's teetering reign that would eventually lapse into administration . back then , rangers were just starting to emerge from their own , even deeper , financial meltdown of liquidation . few predicted any on-field problems in their journey back up the leagues . rangers ' haris vuckic & nicky clark training at murray park ahead of the clash with hearts . this season has told a very different story . templeton , though , insists he has had no regretful thoughts of what it would be like to somehow still be a hearts player . ' no , because i think i would have been away the following season anyway , ' he said . ' at the time i moved , it was the right time for me , i was kind of forced out , as well . ' it was just one of those things , it was a good move at the time and if we can go up through the play-offs then i still think it would have been a good move . rangers ' tom walsh training at murray park ahead of their clash with runaway leaders hearts . ' it 's massive that we do that . when i signed for rangers with the squad we had , i thought we would go up each year . for us as a club - and the supporters and everyone - it 's massive to get back to the top league . ' my time here has been pretty frustrating , personally . the first season i really enjoyed , although i picked up a couple of injuries which did n't help . ' last season , i had a couple of little niggles pre-season and then i did n't play a lot . this season , the exact same . hopefully now i can keep myself fit and start afresh if we go up . ' rangers captain lee mcculloch holds the ball up as his teammates look on during a training session . templeton is not among the dozen or so first-team players out of contract this summer , with 12 months still left on his deal . ' the fans have definitely not seen the best of me , ' he admitted . ' i need to get back playing the way i was before i signed here because that was the reason i signed for rangers . ' i know that i 'm good enough to get back to that and hopefully the manager sees that in me . ' rangers trialists milos milovic ( left ) and josef shirdel ( right ) are put through their paces during training . templeton on friday lauded the difference mccall has made since his arrival last month . the 26-year-old claimed he now felt more confident about expressing himself on the field . ' earlier in the season , i played a few games and did n't do too well , but at the same time the team was n't doing as well either and it 's hard to stand out then , ' he said . ' last saturday we were really attacking and creating a load of chances which made me feel a lot better , a lot more confident . the manager has given me the confidence as well since he has come in . rangers ' lee wallace tests his reaction speeds as he is put through his paces during training . ' even before i 'm going on in games , he 'll just tell me to stay wide , get the ball and attack . it does n't matter how many times i lose it in the final third , but just to try and make things happen . as a winger , that 's what you like to hear - that you 're not going to be criticised for trying to do the right things . ' hearts have won both previous matches against rangers this term but templeton believes the gap in those games was not significant . ' the past few times we have played hearts we did n't actually do too badly , ' he added . ' in the first game of the season we should have won it - i missed a sitter at 0-0 and if i had scored it we would have gone on to win the game . templeton holds the ball up as a rangers teammate looks to dispossess him during a training session . ' the second game , we started well and they could n't get out of their half . but then we had a man sent off which did n't help us . ' it will be good to play against them on sunday . they have been excellent this season and thoroughly deserved to win the title . but we will work on how we will play and i am sure we will all be ready . ' mccall is dismissive of any suggestion that hearts might somehow slacken off having already secured a premiership return . hearts ' jordan mcghee ( right ) speaks with teammate callum paterson at training ahead of their game . ' if you have won nine on the bounce and you are champions then you are going to have a lot of confidence , ' insisted the ibrox boss . ' every one of their players will have that . they also have a real good spirit . ' it is a test for us but every game between now and the end of the season will bring a test . going down to queen of the south on thursday will be tough . ' but i take the point that people will look at the hearts game and think it might be a barometer of how far we have come . the hearts squad train at tynecastle ahead of their fixture with rangers on sunday . ' we have improved each game and that is all we are asking for again . but we will slip up between now and the end of the season , no doubt . we wo n't win every game . ' there will be ups and downs but it is about how we handle it . there is a little bit of belief back in the players again , but we know it is only two wins . no-one is getting carried away . ' *all tickets previously purchased for the abandoned rangers v hearts game at ibrox on friday , 16 january are still valid . tickets are also available from : www.rangers.co.uk , 0871 702 1972 , rangers ticket centre until kick-off prices from £21 adults , £15 concessions and £5 kids . 