it is always revealing to see how players respond to adversity and joe root has reacted magnificently to being left out of last year’s sydney test . i can remember players left out when i played having a moan in the dressing room and spouting nonsense about how they did not fit in . what root has done is have a look at himself , stay quiet and then produce hundred after hundred to ensure he will not be left out in a hurry again . joe root showed plenty of grit , as well as talent , in yet another big innings for england . root has bounced back from a difficult ashes tour to prove himself as a quality test batsman . around four years ago i remember sitting next to graham thorpe on a bus journey and him quietly telling me that the young english batsman to watch out for was joe root . he was barely heard of then . how right thorpe was , for what root has done since sydney speaks volumes about the character of the bloke . do not be fooled by the boyish grin and cheeky demeanour . he is as steely as they come , a fierce competitor who loves playing for england . he tells himself every day that he must enjoy the game but that takes nothing away from the quality of his magnificent performances . his last five hundreds have been in excess of 149 , four of them have been unbeaten and in the way he batted with jimmy anderson yesterday he showed he has a very good cricket brain . and he hasn’t messed with his form either . it would be easy in his current run to chip up a catch on 40 or give it away as soon as he reaches a hundred , as marlon samuels did in the first innings here . i love the way root goes big . before his partner was foolishly run out , root showed maturity to bat with the tail on friday in grenada . the young batsman has been superb in his middle-order role , and should not be moved up the batting card . part of me sees root as a natural no 3 , where england tried him in australia . he looks like a batsman who could come in and regain the initiative if you lose an early wicket . but why move him when he is going so well at five ? keep him there . eventually he will captain england and five is a good place to captain from . the only problem in seeing him as a future england captain is that do we want to put our best player in charge when his runs are so important ? look at alastair cook and just about every england captain in history . it wears them all down in the end and when the day eventually comes that england need a new leader they will have to think about that . his fabulous form should be enough to see root left to do what he does best - score runs for england . alastair cook ( right ) has shown the danger of making your best player the captain of the team . i have enjoyed the battle between ben stokes and samuels in this test and i like the way the durham lad goes about his cricket . the fact he gave mitchell johnson a send-off when he got him out in australia speaks volumes for him and he’ll never take a backward step . i generally don’t like send-offs . once a batsman is out you have done your job so why point to the dressing room or swear at someone ? but i enjoyed what samuels did on the third evening . if you are going to do it , make it humorous and non-threatening like that salute . stokes will have to take it . if you dish it out you have to take it back . stokes shouldn’t go too far , though . i saw peter moores take him to one side for a chat before play yesterday and that might have been to say : ‘ be careful . don’t lose your passion but don’t do anything stupid . ’ 