it sparked a hate campaign and was dubbed so terrifying , it was nicknamed scary lucy . and now even the sculptor of the i love lucy statue in celoron , new york , has called it ' by far my most unsettling sculpture ' and six years after it was unveiled has pledged to make a new one for free . but the statue of lucille ball - which was so offensive a facebook page called we love lucy ! get rid of this statue was launched - is n't the only offensive artwork that has missed the mark . scroll down for video . residents of celoron , new york , were understandably disturbed when this statue of lucille ball was unveiled in 2009 sparking a facebook campaign to get it removed , which attracted 600 likes . a whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of waxworks , tribute statues and incredibly crude carvings . take , for example , the louis tussaud 's waxwork museum in ontario canada , which was bought to the world 's attention in january after tv presenter jonathan ross posted pictures of the works online . its website boasts : ‘ louis tussaud 's waxworks is a collection of instantly recognizable , true-to-life wax figures crafted by recognized wax artists from around the world . ’ jennifer garner does not seem herself in this warped wax version of her character in the television series alias which appears at the hollywood waxworks in los angeles . this figure of jack sparrow seems a little polished as he shows off uncharacteristically glossy locks . however ross seemed to be in disagreement in one tweet he wrote : ‘ it 's almost like canada want to start a war . here 's the queen ... ’ with a picture of a waxwork with only the faintest passing resemblance to her majesty . and louis tussaud 's waxwork museum in great yarmouth , which closed in october 2012 , was described as the world 's worst waxworks museum because so many of its models looked nothing like the people they were supposed to represent . his museums are not connected to his great-grandmother 's madame tussauds waxwork museums . however , the famous madame tussaud 's is not exempt from critisicim either . this enormous effigy of colin firth as mr darcy was erected in london 's serpentine in 2013 . however it bore little resemblance to the iconic image from pride and prejudice . american talks show host jay leno is unrecognisable as his waxwork in louis tussaud 's waxworks museum , which comedian jonathon ross openly mocked on twitter at the beginning of this year . this statue of andy murray was unveiled in shanghai in october 2011 complete with warrior clothing , although andy does n't appear thrilled the stern likeness is uncanny . in november last year the house of wax in berlin unveiled a figure of 22-year-old selena gomez , however fans were shocked when the museum appeared to have aged her by ten years . it took a team of 20 artists four months to create the dummy , showing the songstress dressed in a pair of leather hot pants and sheer blouse - an outfit she wore at a gig in london in september 2014 . in 2011 madame tussaud 's unveiled a justin bieber waxwork which was criticised for not looking anything like the pop star who was then 17 . bieber worked closely with the team who created his waxwork , giving sittings in new york last year . and stylists teamed up with bieber 's personal stylist to ensure his once legendary hairstyle was the exact replica of the original cut . but after turning 17 two weeks earlier , the singer - much to the dismay of fans - had his hair cut . and the star was also taller than his wax figurine making for a far off likeness . however , selena gomez 's figure is positively uncanny compared to some celebrity tributes . here we showcase the very worst . even the famous madame tussaud 's occasionally gets it wrong with j-lo looking a little worse for wear . in 2008 this golden statue of british model kate moss was unveiled by artist marc quinn other than the unsettling eyes , kate is n't famed for being a contortionist ... johnny depp seems to be unable to disguise his giggles while unveiling this statues in serbia in 2013 . madame tussaud 's came under fire for their depiction of singer selena gomez in november 2014 when their wax depiction of the 22-year-old seemed to have aged by about ten years . fans were stunned when the 2011 waxwork was unveiled at madame tussauds as it bore no likeness to him . this stone statue of princess diana was created in india in 2004 but is hardly a chip off the old block . julia roberts looks anything other than a pretty woman in this wax work figure .