some of our most spectacular views of mars have been presented on small , skinny strips of imagery . now , for the first time , scientists have joined these individual 30 to 60 mile ( 50 to 100km ) wide strips to create a single complete 3d map . the new map allows astronomers to ' stand ' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet . scroll down for video . some of our most spectacular views of mars have been presented on small , skinny strips of imagery.now scientists have , for the first time , joined these individual 30 to 60 mile ( 50 to 100km ) wide strips together to create a single complete 3d map . pictured is a view of a section of the image map mosaic 'mc-11 east ' is on the right and the topographical view can be seen on the left . the warmer colours show a higher elevation . the colour-coded terrain models show the impressive height of the meridiani planum region at up to 820ft ( 250 metres ) above the surface , seen in red . this is in contrast to the blue 1,6404ft ( 5,000 metres ) depth of the lower-lying chryse planitia region . the first mosaic , pieced together by the german aerospace center ( dlr ) , comprises 1.4 million square miles ( 2.3 million square km ) of the surface . it covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the red planet , parts of the ares vallis outflow channel , the chaotic aram chaos region as well as the meridiani planum and chryse planitia plains . the new map allows scientists to ' stand ' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across mars . pictured is a colour-coded perspective view showing the topography of the upper course of ares vallis near the chryse planitia plains . constructing a 3d model such as this requires a spacecraft to look at the same surface feature twice at a different angle . the high resolution stereo camera ( hrsc ) on mars express is the only experiment that can do it with just one pass . hrsc has nine scan lines that point fore , aft and straight down . this allows it to see a feature on approach , when its underneath and as it fades into the background . hrsc has , during 14,000 orbits , transmitted 293.34 gigabytes of data to earth . ' gerhard mercator and carl friedrich gauss measured earth , and with our survey of mars we are following in their footsteps , ' says ralf jaumann , a dlr planetary scientist . the mosaic extends over 1,120 miles ( 1800km ) from north to south and 810 miles ( 1,300km ) from east to west . individual stereo and colour images from a total of 89 martian orbits were combined to create the map . ' the strips were recorded at varying resolutions , with the sun at different positions and under varying weather conditions , ' jaumann said . ' the challenge was to combine them uniformly and without visible borders to form one large image . ' perspective views look into the ares vallis outflow channel or into a crater altered by typical mars erosion processes typical on mars . ' at present , you can not create a better image of the surface of mars to show , for example , of the effects of flood and drought , ' said jaumann . pictured are parts of the ares vallis outflow channel . constructing a 3d model such as this requires a spacecraft to look at the same surface feature twice at a different angle . hrsc on mars express is the only experiment that can do it with just one pass . the data for this wide-area topography of mars was acquired by mars express ' high resolution stereo camera ( hrsc , ) which has been orbiting the red planet since 2003 . nine sensors record the surface of the planet from different angles and make it possible to map our planetary neighbour at high resolution , in colour , and in the third dimension – elevation . hrsc has , during the course of more than 14,000 orbits , recorded and transmitted a total of 293.34 gigabytes of data to earth . about 97 percent of the planet has been recorded with image resolutions of up to 330ft ( 100 metres ) . by around 2018 , the team from dlr , wants to represent the whole of mars as one coherent mosaic . pictured is the the strip up top of mc11 , showing the ares vallis region , in the context of the rest of the region covered by the dlr 's wide area topography survey . by around 2018 , the team from dlr , wants to represent the whole of mars as one coherent mosaic .