mark mccall believes neutral territory offers saracens hope of toppling mighty clermont to reach a second successive european final . marcelo bosch landed a long-range penalty in the final act of sunday 's showdown with racing metro to clinch a 12-11 victory that has set up a last-four trip to st etienne 's stade geoffroy-guichard on april 18 . awaiting in the champions cup semi-finals are clermont , who are bristling with confidence after their remarkable 37-5 rout of runaway aviva premiership leaders northampton . marcelo bosch launches a long range penalty towards the posts with the final act of saracens ' quarter-final . the argentinian centre is then mobbed by his team-mates after landing the match-winning kick . however , mccall believes that facing clermont outside of their stade marcel-michelin stronghold , where they have not lost in europe since 2008 , is a different proposition . ' given clermont 's home record , it 's bit of a relief to be playing them on neutral territory . we 're still going to france , but it 's not quite the same as going to their own ground , ' mccall said . saracens ' prospects against the top 14 's second-placed team are likely to be improved by the return of centre brad barritt from an ankle injury , while there is an outside chance fly-half owen farrell could recover from his knee problem in time . ' we have some pretty tough fixtures coming up - leicester next saturday is a massive game for us and after clermont we have northampton in the premiership , ' mccall said . ' we have some players coming back and will have to spread the load during this period . brad should be back for the champions cup semi-final , owen is touch and go . ' northampton 's players look shell-shocked after they were demolished by clermont auvergne . saracens hardly sent shockwaves across the continent after dispatching racing in an arm wrestle decided by bosch 's nerveless penalty , but mccall insists the result is all that matters . ' sometimes the games are the way they are and we must n't over analyse these things , ' mccall said . ' we 've come away to france and played a big , strong , very good team with outstanding half-backs , but we 've won . ' we should n't worry too much about how we won , but just that we won and reached our third consecutive semi-final in this tough competition . that says a lot about the players we have . ' when you look at ronan o'gara at munster and jonny sexton at leinster , they lost quarters and semis over the years before they started winning them . mark mccall watches on as charlie hodgson warms up before sunday 's dramatic european win . ' we lost the quarter to clermont four years ago and the semis to toulon two years ago , and you saw out there that racing did n't really know how to win the game . ' they had this big strong wind they did n't use because of the pressure they were under , and that was down to our team . ' racing 's jamie roberts expects to end speculation over his future this week with the british and irish lions centre likely to sign a dual contract in wales . ' hopefully it will be sorted this week . i do n't want to say anything until it 's sorted , ' roberts said .