gary ballance hit a chanceless hundred for england on thursday - his fourth century in nine tests - that further closes the door on the banished kevin pietersen returning to the side whatever the ballyhoo . ballance 's 122 was the mainstay of england 's 333 for seven declared leaving west indies needing an unlikely 438 to win the first test . they finished the fourth day on 98 for two after another superb chris jordan slip catch made the breakthrough . gary ballance scored 122 as england took firm control of the first test against the west indies in antigua . ballance plays a sweep shot during his impressive innings at the sir vivian richards stadium . ballance celebrates bringing up his century following his superb batting display in antigua . ballance , who had a poor world cup , said : ' it 's been a tough winter but four bad innings do n't make you a bad cricketer . i would like to think i was settled at number three after last summer . scoring a hundred in a test match is a great feeling . you have to enjoy doing well , ' as his joyous century celebration indicated . even with the ever-present pietersen factor ballance added : ' that 's international sport , i have n't doubted my place . i knew i had done well before . i did n't come here thinking that i was going to get dropped . i was focused on scoring runs and to get a hundred is huge . ' there needs to be an opening for kp to make a sensational england comeback . but there looks to be no room in the line-up for pietersen . ballance at number three followed by ian bell and joe root seems a rock solid middle order for the ashes this summer , by when kp will be 35 . joe root formed a solid partnership with ballance and made big inroads against the home side . root salutes the stands after he brought up his half century earlier in the day . jordan 's stunning one-handed catch off part-time bowler joe root to dismiss darren bravo was a critical moment . ballance said : ' it was brilliant by cj but he does it all the time . he 's got unbelievable hands . ' ballance summed it up as a ' very good day , pretty much perfect ' adding : ' it would have been nice to get one or two more wickets but we 're happy with that , to get two this evening puts a lot of pressure on them . ' west indies coach phil simmons said : ' we 're still looking to win the game . the first hour is vital for both sides . we wanted to be around 100 for one at the close . 