a couple who married in their teens and suffer from cystic fibrosis are in a race against time as the young wife waits for a life-saving lung transplant . katie prager , 24 , was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in september 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs . as her health continues to decline , her husband dalton , 23 , who has already received new lungs , is pleading for help . her insurance company , kentucky medicaid , will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the university of pittsburgh medical center , he says . dalton pleaded : ' they are turning my wife into a number , a statistic , a dollar sign . i can not lose her . this can’t be the end of our love story . ' we are both ready to continue fighting but at this point we are running out of options and need your help . please help me save my wife katie . ' scroll down for video . katie and dalton prager ( above ) , who suffer from cystic fibrosis , followed their hearts and married as teens in 2011 . katie , left , was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs called burkholderia cepacia , and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs . dalton has already received new lungs , but katie is waiting as kentucky medicaid will not pay for the out-of-state-treatment she needs at the university of pittsburgh medical center . for the couple who put everything on the line when they first met in person in 2009 , her husband can not imagine losing the love of his life who he married four years ago . in december 2014 , katie was discharged from the pittsburgh hospital after a long stay and returned to kentucky , but began having trouble breathing three days later . the hospital would not admit her because medicare would not pay because she had used her lifetime maximum , the couple says . she will not be covered for the expensive out-of-state medical procedure again until she spends 60 consecutive days out of the hospital . she was admitted into university of kentucky hospital , but it however , does not do transplants on patients with the kind of infection that katie has . ' sixty days out of the hospital is not an option for her anymore . medicaid is also not an option as it will not cover her transplant due to upmc being ' out of network ' , ' dalton wrote on the couple 's youcaring page . ' after explaining to medicaid and pittsburgh that there are only two places in the country , who would operate , due to ( the bacteria ) cepacia , ( upmc and duke medical center ) still refused to work together to help her . ' she is struggling to attempt to negotiate her healthcare options from her hospital bed at the university of kentucky . ' dalton said : ' they are turning my wife into a number , a statistic , a dollar sign . i can not lose her . this can’t be the end of our love story ' . only three months away from their four-year anniversary , the couple has not been together since november 2014 when dalton received new lungs , and hope they can be together to celebrate . katie said that she feels like efforts to get transferred to pittsburgh are at a standstill and that something needs to be done . ' it needs to happen soon . nervous they are n't going to accept my case and that i 'll have to restart this whole process at a completely different hospital , ' she wrote on the couple 's facebook page . in february , dr. michael anstead who is katie 's pulmonologist at the university of kentucky , wrote a letter to medicaid seeking for them to make an exception and pay for katie 's care in pittsburgh , according to cnn . but kentucky medicaid denied the proposal saying upmc declined to enroll as a kentucky medicaid provider . ' medicaid policies allow for a simplified enrollment process for out-of-state providers in such situations , ' gwenda bond , spokeswoman for the kentucky cabinet for health and family services wrote in a statement to cnn . ' should upmc reverse its decision and choose to enroll as a kentucky medicaid provider , the department for medicaid services ... will be happy to expedite their application . ' however , the hospital claims that medicaid told them if they wanted to treat katie , they would be required to sign up hundreds of doctors to accept kentucky medicaid patients . ' upmc wants to help katie , and our physicians and staff have done everything possible to make that happen ... it is up to kentucky medicaid to address this situation , ' wrote spokeswoman wendy zellner . so far , the couple relies on communication on phones and computers to keep in touch . upmc said they are want to help katie but said it is up to kentucky medicaid to address the situation . while katie seems to be caught in limbo , the director of the media relations group at the centers for medicare and medicaid services said they are working to find a solution concerning her case by reaching out to the state agency . only three months away from their four year anniversary in july , the couple have not been together since november 2014 when dalton received his lung transplant at upmc . even though he also had cepacia like katie , which makes lung transplants more complicated , his has been a success . however , he has not been able to be near his wife in person until she receives a lung transplant because of the risk of infection . so far , they rely on communication through their phones or computers . but all they want is to be able to spend their anniversary together . ' i just want to make it to see our four year anniversary in july and be able to hold hands and just hug , ' katie told cnn . ' that 's all i really want -- to be able to hug my husband on our fourth anniversary . ' so far , the couple 's youcaring page has raised $ 43,425 in donations out of its goal of $ 50,000 .