a resurgent kimi raikkonen sees no reason why ferrari can not win this year 's formula one world title race . following a torrid campaign with the team in 2014 , raikkonen finally has a car to his liking at ferrari this season , with the finn looking far more like his old competitive self . only qualifying issues have denied raikkonen better results so far this term , with the 35-year-old knocking on the door of his first podium place for 19 months after finishing fourth in the last two races . kimi raikkonen finished fourth at the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday . ferrari have proved more competitive in the first three races of this season than they were last year . at the chinese grand prix on sunday , raikkonen was reeling in team-mate sebastian vettel and may well have claimed third but for a late safety car . although vettel and raikkonen were comfortably adrift of mercedes duo lewis hamilton and nico rosberg at that stage , the finn is confident ferrari can catch and regularly beat their german rivals . ' i do n't see a reason why not , ' said raikkonen . ' we have made big gains and we will continue to make big gains during this year . ' obviously everybody will improve , so it depends what the rest are doing , but we are definitely going the right way and doing the right things . ' it is about being patient . we need time , we can not make miracles overnight . sebastian vettel finished on the podium for the third time this season at the chinese grand prix . ' sebastian showed we can win ( in malaysia last month ) , but it depends as one circuit may be better for one team and the next could be a different story . ' we just need to be up there when something happens to them , or the conditions change , but i really feel on speed we will get there to regularly beat them . ' raikkonen recognises , though , he needs to do better in qualifying on saturday if he is to thrust himself into the hunt for the title . an error at the shanghai international circuit resulted in raikkonen starting sixth , and although he passed williams duo valtteri bottas and felipe massa on lap one , he could do no more . raikkonen sees no reason why ferrari can not challenge for the title this season . ' after my mistake fourth was more or less maximum , ' added raikkonen . ' i probably could have tried ( to pass vettel ) at least , but there was a safety car at the end . it is what it is . ' after what happened on saturday we at least gained some positions and we had a pretty good car . ' but we are not happy . we have to make saturdays more correct as it gives you bigger chances and an easier life in the race . ' it does n't help when you put yourself in a more difficult position for the race , especially one where it is never easy to overtake . '