the father of american sniper chris kyle has spoken for the first time since his son 's killer was sentenced to life in prison , in an emotionally-charged interview with nbc news . wayne kyle said he and wife deby were ' surviving ' now that they finally had time to process their son 's death , following the end of his killer 's trial . chris kyle and friend chad littlefield were shot dead at a texas gun range in 2013 by eddie routh , after taking the troubled vet to the range to help him cope with his ptsd . in february , routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . scroll down for video . still grieving : wayne kyle , the father of american sniper chris kyle , gave his first interview on thursday since the end of the trial of his son 's killer . torturing : watne kyle told lester holt that it was difficult to attend the trial and sit in the same room as his son 's murderer . shooter : eddie routh shot dead kyle and friend chad littlefield at a gun range in 2013 , after the pair took him shooting to help him with his ptsd . routh , pictured center in court in february , was sentenced to life in prison without parole . american legend : chris kyle ( pictured ) served as a navy seal for 10 years and during that time became the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history . he wrote a book about his military career titled ' american sniper ' which was made into a movie . wayne kyle attended the trial , but said it was difficult to be in the same room with his son 's killer . ' it was horrible . i mean , gut wrenching , ' mr kyle said . ' it 's just one of those deals , you just wan na jump over that railing and kill him with your bare hands . ' dealing with his son 's death has been all the more painful for mr kyle , who had a bad feeling about his work helping other vets after he retired from the military in 2009 . ' i told him one time , i said `` i worry more about you as a civilian that when you were with the teams , ' mr kyle said . he explained that his son was fully trained and highly skilled when he worked in the military , but ' there 's no training to be a civilian ' . childhood : wayne kyle was the first to teach his son how to shoot a gun , and gifted him his first weapon at the age of 8 . above , some family pictures of young chris kyle . visit nbcnews.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy . mr kyle also spoke about a texas legislator 's push to award kyle with the medal of honor , posthumously . ' if you knew chris you would know that he would never ever want that . he never saw himself as a hero , ' mr kyle said . he added that he did n't like routh 's trial being called the ' american sniper trial ' in the media since it distracted from chad littlefield 's equally tragic death . chris kyle served as a navy seal for ten years , during which he became the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history with at least 160 kills . his father wayne was the first to teach him how to shoot a gun , buying him his first firearm at the age of 8 . a film about his life , starring bradley cooper , titled american sniper , was released this past january . in part of the interview , aired on the today show on friday , wayne kyle described the blockbuster as an ' absolute disgrace ' for the way in which it had portrayed his other son , jeff , who also served in iraq . wayne kyle described the movie , american sniper , as an absolute disgrace for the way in which it portrayed his other son , iraq veteran jeff kyle ( pictured ) , as ' cowardly ' . mr kyle said that the movie portrayed jeff ' as a weak , almost cowardly marine just wanting to get out of the country in anyway possible and that could n't be further from the truth in the way jeff is ' . however the today show later said that although mr kyle was disappointed with the movie , he did say he was grateful for the attention it brought to veterans . the father also spoke about how he copes with criticism leveled at his son 's record as the american military 's most deadly sniper . ' i basically ignore it , i know it 's not true , ' wayne kyle said . ' to me , those people have no self-worth ... their only claim to fame is to try to destroy somebody who has the values like what chris possessed . ' his father choked back tears as he recalled the thousands of people who lined the route on the day of chris 's funeral . he said : ' if anybody ever wondered if texas stood behind and supported their veterans , they just had to see that . ' on the big screen : american sniper , the movie based on kyle 's memoir starred bradley cooper ( pictured ) , was released in january .