lightning , floods and a deluge of hailstones descended on st louis tuesday as powerful storms pummeled the mid-united states . roads around the missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour , with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour . several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather , though no injuries were immediately reported . muds and floods : roads around st louis , missouri , were deluged with rainwater following fierce thunderstorms . floating away : here a trash can is seen floating down a street affected by the floods , as a car kicks up spray trying to ford the waters . downpour : the area was faced with a deluge of hail stones - an enormous pile of which are pictured here . the storms , accompanied by thunder and lightning , also hit further north , barreling into parts of indiana and knocking down trees and power lines . the severe weather in missouri produced reports of more than 3 inches of rainfall near augusta west of st. louis , national weather service meteorologist laura kanofsky said . areas of flash flooding were commonplace throughout st. louis county before the band of severe weather crept out of the region before noon tuesday , she added . kmov-tv reported that a lightning strike caused a mississippi river traffic signal on the eads bridge linking missouri and illinois to malfunction . crews notified the coast guard to inform any barge traffic of the issue . later in the day , storms in southwestern indiana toppled trees and downed power lines . indiana state police reported that strong winds caused a semitrailer to overturn on interstate 69 near evansville . wind gusts measuring 70 mph were recorded in spencer . wet n wild : flash flooding tore through st louis county after hours of storms . in some palces , two inches of rain hit in just half an hour . more storms were possible elsewhere in the central u.s . spring warming and changes in where the jet stream carves a path in the upper atmosphere were combining to increase the chances of severe weather across the plains on wednesday and thursday , the storm prediction center said . particularly strong storms were possible in kansas and oklahoma on wednesday and across illinois on thursday , with large hail , high wind gusts and a few tornadoes possible . other severe storms could form from michigan to texas both days . the various contributors to severe weather — instability , heat , frontal passages — wo n't time out perfectly wednesday but still will cause problems , said greg carbin , the warning coordination meteorologist at the norman , oklahoma-based center . ' by thursday , it looks like all those ingredients come together . the timing looks better . you can really blow up some big storms , ' carbin said .