a photographer who fell on a stone in the graveyard ahead of andy murray 's wedding rehearsal as the tennis star was greeted by a media scrum has died . gordon jack , 47 , was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to dunblane cathedral , where murray married long-term girlfriend kim sears today . he was taken to hospital shortly before 5pm yesterday , but died this afternoon . mr jack , a father-of-three , collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of andy murray’s wedding yesterday . this is the last picture taken by photographer gordon jack , which he tweeted - he became unwell as press and the public gathered outside dunblane cathedral for andy murray 's wedding rehearsal and died later . murray was feet away from the photographer yesterday when he lost his balance while taking pictures of the event . the 27-year-old former wimbledon champion leant towards the photographer with visible concern after the incident , until he was ushered away by his security team . mr jack was found to be unconscious and was taken to forth valley hospital , in larbert , near falkirk , where he is understood to have been placed in a medically induced coma . he died from complications following a heart attack . mr jack ran the scotimage agency in linlithgow , west lothian and did freelance newspaper and public relations work . he is survived by his wife gilly and three children megan , sam and emily . tonight , first minister nicola sturgeon sent her condolences to mr jack 's family . she tweeted : ' totally devastated to hear about the death of gordon jack . a lovely man and a great photographer . my thoughts with his family & colleagues . ' the national union of journalists ( nuj ) scotland tweeted : ' our condolences to the wife and children of gordon jack who has died after a fall at dunblane cathedral covering andy murray 's wedding . ' british tennis number one andy murray and kim sears married today and were greeted by joyous crowds . murray was feet away from mr jack yesterday when he lost his balance while taking pictures of the event . the 47-year-old photographer was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to dunblane cathedral ( pictured ) . the tragic news has cast a shadow over today 's wedding where hundreds of people lined the streets of dunblane to congratulate the couple . the couple , both 27 , met at the us open in 2005 when they were both aged 17 , and became engaged in november . they are believed to have asked guests to make a donation to charities rather than buy wedding presents . the couple exchanged vows at the 12th century cathedral before a reception at cromlix house , the hotel murray bought in 2013 and converted into a luxury hotel .