amir khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on may 30 , despite announcing chris algieri as his opponent last week . khan has been criticised on social media after rejecting a potential £5million pay day against kell brook at wembley on june 13 . and reports in america suggested television network showtime were not interested in showing a fight between him and algieri . scroll down for video . amir khan has admitted his next opponent has not been confirmed despite saying it would be chris algieri . algieri lost every round to manny pacquiao when he took on the filipino star last november . ' i made the video on youtube because we thought the fight with chris algieri was a done deal , ' khan told the sweet science . ' but i have been speaking with my team and there are some more options on the table . ' we could make an announcement in another couple of days . my opponent for on may 30 has not been confirmed . nothing has been agreed upon . ' khan said he will not be fighting adrien broner despite the brash american calling him out on twitter while miguel cotto was another name ruled out . khan also insisted he ca n't fight brook in june because of ramadan and hit back at his fellow brit . kell brook lands a punch on jo jo dan as he eased to victory against his mandatory challenger . brook is desperate to fight khan but his fellow brit has rejected the chance to face him at wembley in june . ' eddie ( hearn , brook 's promoter ) and kell are fooling the fans and the media , ' he added . ' look at my last 10 opponents and look at kell 's . all i want is kell to prove himself fighting a-list fighters , like i have done . right now , he is just riding on my back . he is riding my name . ' world champion brook returned to action last weekend - seven months after he was stabbed in tenerife - to beat mandatory challenger jo jo dan inside four rounds . and the sheffield welterweight is hoping to fight again at the o2 in london on may 30 with stablemate and countryman frankie gavin a possible opponent . gavin has been ordered to face timothy bradley for the right to face brook by the ibf but could go straight into a fight against the champion . 