meet byron schlenker and his teenage daughter who both hold records for having the world 's widest tongue . byron 's buds measure a whopping 8.6cm across - the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iphone 6 . his daughter emily , 14 , is not far behind at 7.3cm and hold 's the record for the widest female tongue while her father has the men 's crown . scroll down for video . emily and byron schlenker are the world record holders for having the widest female and male toungues . the father and daughter have been recognised by guinness world records and have tongues a whopping 8.6cm and 7.3cm wide respectively . byron only found out he was a world-beater when he picked up a guinness world records book at the library while helping his daughter with a school project . a young byron aged 10 before he , and his tongue , grew into record breakers . byron , 47 , only discovered his tongue was the widest in the world when he picked up a copy of the guinness book of world records while helping emily with a school project at the library . after measuring his tongue , he found it was nearly a centimetre wider than the then record holder 's . since his tongue was officially dubbed the world 's widest he has become something of a celebrity in his hometown of syracuse , new york . the project manager said : ' the book goes all over the world and it 's neat to see people 's responses on facebook and things like that . ' his daughter added : ' i did n't want anything to do with it at first but we measured my tongue and found out that it was wider [ than the then record holder 's ] . ' byron 's wife vicki says her friends ' make jokes about byron 's tongue and our love life ' , but she wo n't be drawn on the insinuations . she said : ' we try to keep it clean . we are a wholesome family with three young ladies in the house so we just kind of laugh it off . ' byron with wife vicki and daughter emily . the teenager said : ' i did n't want anything to do with it at first but we measured my tongue and found out that it was [ the world 's widest ] ' vicki measuring her husband 's tongue . her friends ' make jokes about byron 's tongue and our love life ' . the whole family schlenker at home in syracuse , celebrating record breakers byron and emily . left to right : andie , emily , byron , vicki and cindy .