the community has rallied around the family ripped apart by the tragic murder of four-year-old alistair mach and his grandmother by the jilted lover of the little boy 's grandfather . a fundraising page set up by friends of the family to help pay funeral expenses has raised almost $ 50,000 in less than a week - more than twice what was expected . mai mach , 60 , was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her albanvale home in western melbourne last tuesday . hours earlier her grandson , alistair , 4 , was stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed . chinese tourist cai xia liao , 45 , has been charged with their murder . a fundraising page to set up to support the families of mai mach , 60 , and her grandson alistair mach , four , has raised almost $ 50,000 in less than a week . a mycause page , set up by family friend diana teoh with the goal of raising $ 20,000 to assist the distraught family with funeral funds , has raised $ 47,226 so far and continues to gain support . ' it will be used for the funeral and alastair 's parents will direct the remainder of the funds to a good cause , ' ms teoh told daily mail australia . ms teoh added that she did not expect the page to receive so much support and thanked ' all of the kind people ' who donated . more than 280 people have donated to the page , with many leaving messages of support . ' mai will be sadly missed by all at awta . she was a model employee for well over 20 years and in that time became a good mate to many of her fellow workers . rest in peace , ' kelvin stone wrote . it was set up by family friend diana teoh who said the money ' will be used for the funeral and alastair 's parents will direct the remainder of the funds to a good cause ' . mai ( right ) was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her melbourne home last tuesday , while her grandson alistair ( left ) suffered 18 stab wounds hours beforehand . ' we are so sorry to hear this tragedy . but we believe our little ' zai zai ' and his grandmother are resting in heaven overlooking amy and andrew now . so please be strong… our hearts are with you . god bless you ! ! ' maggie liu posted on the page . liao , wearing a black tracksuit , cried loudly and became increasingly hysterical throughout a short hearing on thursday before chief magistrate peter lauritsen , who remanded her until july 22 . she did not meet the eyes of more than a dozen of her victim 's family members in the court room . andrew kwong and amy mach , parents of 4 year old murdered boy alistair mach are pictured after appearing at melbourne magistrates court on thursday . chinese national cai liao has been charged with murdering the alistair and his grandmother mai . her lawyer , sarah pratt , said this was the first time liao , who is in australia on a tourist visa , had been in custody . supported by alistair 's father andrew kwong , his mother amy mach held a toy and tiny photo of their only child during the hearing . a dozen other relatives watched liao from the back of the court . after liao was charged with murder late on wednesday night , detective leading senior constable tony harwood told an out-of-sessions court hearing liao allegedly bound and gagged former lover brian mach at his albanvale home before stabbing alistair in the head and neck while he lay in bed . a post mortem revealed alistair , who was regularly babysat by his grandparents , was stabbed 18 times and had tried to defend himself from the attack . chinese national cai xia liao , 45 , is accused of murdering the pair at the albanvale home , west of melbourne . liao is accused of waiting at the property for 10 hours until alistair 's grandmother mai mach , 60 , got home from work . the mother of 4 year old murdered boy alistair mach , amy mach ( centre ) is escorted by supporters after a brief hearing at the melbourne magistrates court . it 's alleged liao waited up to 10 hours for mrs mach to return home before stabbing her 23 times in the backyard , det leading snr const harwood said . the court heard mr mach had recently ended a three-year relationship with the accused killer . alistair , who was described as ' bubbly ' by family friends , was an only child . police allege liao had been in a relationship with mr mach , 61 , for about three years , but he had recently called it off . alistair was killed while sleeping , before the accused allegedly turned on ms mach in the backyard ( pictured ) . mr mach was apparently bound and gagged while liao turned on the other members of his family . friends are seen here delivering flowers to the house in melbourne after the brutal attack . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .