most parents have the souvenir of a scan of their child in the womb at 12 weeks . the must-have for ivf mums and dads these days , however , is a video and pictures right from the moment of conception . the images are thanks to revolutionary technology that allows medics to record the microscopic miracle of life – from fertilisation to the division of cells , right through to the growth of an embryo . hundreds of parents are now the proud owners of these embryoscope images , which are also helping scientists learn more about the ivf process . scroll down for video . pictured is the very first cell division of pixie morley , now aged nine months , taken using the revolutionary embryoscope technology . sally and stephen morley ( pictured with their daughter pixie ) are one of some 1,500 couples in britain who have had babies using embryoscope technology . sally and stephen morley are among them . the grainy grey and white picture on this page shows the first cell division in the creation of their ivf baby , pixie . a tiny camera , placed inside an incubator , films the reproduction process . as well as allowing parents to watch back the moment the embryos form , the technology – developed in the us – also allows experts to select the best possible embryos based on how they form during the conception process . this narrows a mother’s chance of miscarrying . the morleys , from walsall , had spent months trying to have children naturally before opting for ivf . mrs morley , 38 , the head of a nursery , said : ‘ i knew time was against me being 36 when we started trying so when i failed to get pregnant each month i knew we should have fertility tests as soon as possible . ’ while the couple were undergoing ivf , the embryoscope technology was introduced at the midland fertility clinic , allowing them to be the first in their area to capture their child’s conception on camera . the technology allows medics and parents to watch the cell dividing . pictured is the cell division of now nine-month-old pixie . in october 2013 , the embryo was transferred into mrs morley’s womb and within two weeks she was told by doctors that the process had been successful . now , nine months after pixie’s birth , she is still able to re-watch the moment her daughter was conceived . experts have hailed the technology as one of the most important developments in ivf . professor simon fishel , who is boss of care fertility , the first clinic in britain to use the embryoscope , said : ‘ we now know that embryos that do make babies and embryos that don’t make babies do different things . ' and to be able to see this in a time-matched movie and to be able to analyse it scientifically is absolutely wonderful science for us . ’ professor fishel , who was part of the team that produced first test-tube baby , louise brown , in 1978 , said the embryoscope was revealing the secrets about what happens to embryos as they develop – and why it is that around 70 per cent of them do not actually make babies . the videos were also an emotional milestone in the process of becoming a parent , professor fishel said . ‘ the couple can see the process of fertilisation , see the cells divide , see the number of cells grow and see them produce an embryo…it is nothing short of observing the wonderful miracle of life . ’ the video given to parents is a sped-up version of the process which occurs before the embryo develops . professor fishel said his patients were ‘awestruck’ when given the footage but that the clinic only gave parents the video once a mother had fallen pregnant . he added that , at across the care fertility clinics , 1,000 couples , who had gone on to have a baby , had been given footage of their embryo’s development .