for those who like their plot lines thick and brimming with intrigue , steering clear of paisley last night seemed the judicious option . a celtic side with the scent of the treble in their nostrils facing a st mirren outfit badly in danger of entering free-fall scarcely looked like a recipe for a friday-night thriller . and yet , for all ronny deila’s side prevailed in the end , this scrap provided compelling evidence that they won’t simply be given a free ride towards a fourth successive title in the coming weeks . celtic winger kris commons ( right ) has a shot on goal during the spl match against st mirren on friday . st mirren 's jim goodwin slides in with a challenge on celtic midfielder stefan johansen at st mirren park . st mirren ( 4-4-2 ) : ridgers , naismith , mcausland , genev , tesselaar , goodwin , dayton ( thompson 78 ) , mallan ( sonupe 77 ) , mcginn , sadlier ( morgan 73 ) , arquin . subs not used : kelly , gow , reilly , wilks . booked : goodwin , genev . celtic ( 4-4-2 ) : gordon , matthews ( ambrose emuobo 65 ) , van dijk , denayer , izaguirre , brown , johansen , forrest , commons ( mackay-steven 72 ) , armstrong ( bitton 66 ) , stokes . subs not used : guidetti , zaluska , griffiths , mcgregor . scorers : forrest 64 . referee : alan muir . st mirren may be at the bottom of the premiership table and still four points from even a play-off spot but , on this showing , they aren’t out of it yet . they frustrated celtic for the most part here , their energy and belief taking them so far — but not far enough . james forrest was the man whose intervention broke gary teale’s heart with a second half tap-in while any realistic chance of an unlikely comeback was killed off when stefan johansen later converted from the penalty spot . now eight points clear of aberdeen , however , deila’s misgivings about a far from perfect display will be tempered with a realisation that the title is edging ever closer to his grasp . the celtic boss made four changes from the side which won the last of the four game-series with dundee united before the international break . st mirren goalkeeper mark ridgers ( centre ) comes out to punch the ball clear of the head of jason denayer . commons ( right ) and ste mirren 's john mcginn ( left ) tussle for the ball during the spl match on friday . st mirren 's jason naismtih ( right ) battles with stuart armstrong ( left ) during the spl match in paisley . out went efe ambrose , nir bitton , gary mackay-steven and john guidetti with adam matthews , anthony stokes , kris commons and forrest the beneficiaries . surprisingly , given the poverty of his side’s display in the defeat to st johnstone , teale made only three alterations with kieran sadlier , marc mcausland and yoann arquin restored to the side . st mirren’s attempts to address the obvious quality gap with guts and industry bore early fruit . with next to no time on the ball , celtic were unable to find their rhythm let alone a killer pass . commons , typically , was the man who found the space others couldn’t in order to fashion the first chance . dropping into a pocket of space behind the saints defence , he gathered scott brown’s incisive pass then shaped as if to cross . his attempt to beat mark ridgers at his near post was audacious but unsuccessful as the goalkeeper turned the ball around the post . now playing without the burden of international football , commons looked better for the break . when johansen picked him out 30 yards from goal , he glided away from three challenges before lashing a shot into the side-netting . largely written off as relegation certainties after their last dire outing in perth , no one could accuse st mirren of not giving it their all as they sought to claim an unlikely bonus point to help their plight . celtic 's james forrest ( left ) tussles for the ball with st mirren's jeroen tesselaar ( right ) on friday night . st mirren ' s yoann arquin ( left ) has a shot at goal but it is saved by celtic goalkeeper craig gordon ( centre ) . celtic really ought to have taken the lead in 26 minutes . stuart armstrong had started the game with a couple of heavy touches but his pass to commons was perfectly weighted . commons took one touch to control and a second to blast the ball towards ridgers’ goal . the keeper blocked smartly , though . st mirren then finally worried craig gordon . sadlier danced away from matthews on the flank and found the space between celtic’s central defenders where stephen mallan was lurking . his header floated towards the keeper’s top corner but never with the required velocity to beat him . ridgers was earning his corn . when commons turned provider for forrest , the winger looked to have picked his spot in the bottom corner with a side-foot only for the keeper’s agility to leave the celtic star with his head buried in his hands . it served to embolden the home side . armstrong’s tackle on sadlier inadvertently set up arquin but the striker seemed spooked by the chance and fired weakly into gordon’s arms . deila isn’t renowned for endangering crockery collections at half-time in dressing rooms up and down the land but it can safely be assumed he had a few choice words for a celtic side that been some way short of sparkling in the first period . celtic manager rory deila ( left ) gives instructions to his captain scott brown ( right ) against st mirren . forrest slides on his knees to celebrate scoring celtic 's opening goal against st mirren on friday night . armstrong’s dipping shot from 20 yards was a yard shy of changing the narrative of the night within 60 seconds of the restart before stokes’ snap-shot was easily claimed by ridgers . when jeroen tesselaar needlessly conceded a corner , he was grateful to the goalkeeper for punching jason denayer’s header off his line . commons smashed the spoils low into the side-net . mallan issued a timely reminder that st mirren were still very much in the game with a strike that had gordon scrambling . the saints midfielder sprawled to the turf after a foot sprint with brown on the counter-attack but ref alan muir wasn’t interested . just as the buddies looked to have the measure of the league leaders — so much so that deila was looking to his bench — one moment of slackness cost them dear . brown was the catalyst with a supreme pass in behind tesselaar , taking the dutchman out of the game and holding up perfectly for matthews . celtic midfielder johansen slots home from the penalty spot to secure his side 's 2-0 victory at st mirren . the welshman’s low cross was accurate and turned home with a flash of forrest’s boot at the far post — his second goal in three games . with that , matthews and armstrong departed to be replaced by bitton and ambrose before mackay-steven came on for commons . saints , to their huge credit , stuck to their task with jim goodwin , who had been harshly booked in the first half , seemingly at the heart of everything . some 11 minutes from time , the result was put beyond all reasonable doubt . forrest’s shot did strike viktor genev on the arm but there seemed a case to be made in mitigation that it was not deliberate . the bulgarian was booked for squabbling with muir’s decision but the delay didn’t perturb johansen who calmly sent ridgers the wrong way from 12 yards . 