a warehouse worker appeared in court today accused of murdering a woman whose dismembered body was found three days after she went missing . christopher nathan may , 50 , is accused of killing tracey woodford , 47 , after her body was discovered at a flat in pontypridd , south wales on friday . may is charged with a single charge of murder , and is accused of killing his alleged victim at some point between april 20 and april 25 . court hearing : christopher nathan may , 50 , left , is accused of killing tracey woodford , 47 , right , who was missing for three days before being discovered at a flat in pontypridd , south wales on friday . her body was discovered with ' massive injuries ' at the property ( above ) yesterday afternoon , prompting police to launch a murder investigation . ms woodford was found dead three days after being reported missing by her family and was said to have suffered ' massive injuries ' . may , wearing a grey jumper and glasses , was remanded in custody at merthyr tydfil magistrates court . he will appear at cardiff crown court tomorrow for a plea hearing . may spoke only to confirm his name and the address of his flat in richards street , pontypridd . magistrates chairman stuart williams told may : ' because of the nature of the offence you will be remanded in custody . ' may replied : ' thank you . ' police are still searching woodland and other areas of pontypridd as part of their investigation . her family said : ' tracey was liked and loved by all of her family and friends . ' she was very kind-hearted and a selfless person who would go out of her way to help anyone . tracey was a gentle person who would not hurt anyone and she will be dearly missed by all who knew her . ms woodford had been seen at a pontypridd pub , the skinny dog , on tuesday evening was arrested after she was found on friday . ' we are thankful for all the support we have received to date . we ask all to respect our wishes for privacy and to be left alone to grieve at this very difficult time . ' tracey lived with her mother linda , 66 , and brother sean , 42 , who were described as being ' distraught ' . they are being supported by police liaison officers who are keeping them informed of the developments . police are still appealing for information from anyone who may have seen tracey in the days she was missing after drinking in the skinny dog pub in the town centre . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .