sri lanka , with its shimmering sandy beaches , enthralling wildlife and relics of ancient civilisations , is high on lists of places to visit in 2015 . gareth huw davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the indian ocean , where the holiday industry is recovering , and expanding with a crop of smart new hotels , after the dual torment of a tsunami and a bitter civil war . the modern seema malaka temple , colombo , sri lanka . the temple floats on colombo 's beira lake . 1 ... pure serendipity . this is the spiritual home of serendipity – lucky discoveries by accident – as serendib is the island’s ancient name . it happens everywhere . on one of my early starts for an excursion , serendipity was seeing dozens of candles flickering in the dense dark outside a buddhist temple . then a schoolgirl in brilliant white uniform striding through the dawn mists along a levee between paddy fields , while an equally white egret paced daintily in the water . or an old lady , knee-deep in a swamp picking blue water lilies , the national flower . and everywhere , games of impromptu cricket , with a stick for a bat and a plastic drum for a wicket , on bare mud patches , in gardens , on roads . bath time ! a frolicking elephant at the uda walawe nature reserve has around 200 of the giant creatures . 2 ... jumbo jaunt . the island’s unique subspecies of elephants are a vestige of ancient sri lanka . you can’t miss them . my most memorable jumbo encounter was at the uda walawe nature reserve . we watched in awe as an extended family ambled across our track . one juvenile pushed over a tree , just for fun , it seemed . last across was a harassed young mother , sheltering a three-week-old baby . in the right season you might see 200 elephants at the lake in minneriya national park . the distinguished star in yala national park is the ‘ prince of the night’ – the leopard . picture perfect ! a tea planatation near hunas falls near kandy sri lanka . 3 ... old england . the nearest thing to cool in sri lanka is its green and hilly heart , where tea plantations are a fascinating sight . kandy , where the british beat the last king of ceylon in 1815 , still feels like a charming , antique outpost of empire . it is dotted with guesthouses that recall tunbridge wells . the colonial throwbacks include a bus station clock that chimes like big ben . there are red king george v post boxes and immaculate old morris minors , hillman minxes and ford anglias . i stayed at the queen’s hotel , all echoing wooden corridors and wide , polished staircases . in the botanical gardens , i found the tree that queen elizabeth planted . in the serenity of the temple of the tooth , what is said to be the buddha’s tooth is kept safe within the innermost of seven caskets . sigiriya is an ancient palace located in the central matale district near the town of dambulla in the central province . the name refers to a site that hosues a massive column of rock nearly 660 ft high . 4 ... rock of ages . sigiriya is a quarter the size of ayers rock , topped with the 1,500-year-old fortress of the playboy king kasyapa . he killed his father and surrounded himself with a crocodile-filled moat to exclude his vengeful brother . i decided against the one-hour , 900ft climb to the top for the ancient frescoes and spicy graffiti . instead i strolled into the jungle that smothers the massive defensive stones at the rock’s base . huge , golden-green butterflies fluttered past . a strange symphony of birds burbled out of the trees – sri lanka has many wonderful avian species . in a gap in the canopy i caught a flash of orange at the top of the rock . it was a buddhist monk in his vivid garb . yet more serendipity . not the usual black cab : taxi rank of tuk-tuks line the streets in negombo in sri lanka . 5 ... take the tuk-tuk . most visitors stay on the west and south coasts where , as well as standard tourist hotels , there is a growing choice of chic , small places such as tri , a ten-suite boutique hotel near the south coast that opens in june . then you can book trips by coach or car ( with your own private driver ) to most parts of sri lanka . for short distances the ubiquitous motorised tuk-tuks are fun . don’t even consider hiring a car . roads are an all-day adrenaline rush . you need an expert at the wheel to dodge the massive ashok leyland tusker lorries painted with idealised landscapes , jam-packed buses and wobbling bikes with impossible loads . paradise ! a golden beach with turquise waters at unawatuna near galle on the south coast of sri lanka . 6 ... just the ( train ) ticket . the little station on the colombo to galle line close by my hotel felt like a slumbering country halt from 1950s britain . behind the ticket office’s narrow arched window , a clerk consulted his tomes and solemnly outlined my choices – i opted for a 90-minute trip in second class for 50p . on the platform i joined goats and men there just for a chat . we lurched off down the tragic ( it bore the brunt of the 2004 tsunami ) and beautiful coast to galle . another epic rail journey is colombo to trincomalee , the east coast city closed to the world by civil war until recently and still to be discovered by tourism . it’s just £2 one way . more information at srilanka.travel . precious peg ! the temple of the tooth near kandy , houses a tooth relic of the buddha .