a 21-year-old man has been charged with second-degree murder after allegedly shooting dead his fiancée at their minnesota home on easter morning while holding their baby daughter in his arms . dimitri harrell reportedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at 19-year-old samirria white after they started arguing over his ' infidelity ' in the bedroom of their st paul apartment at around 3.40am . carrying the couple 's three-month-old child , he then shot miss white in the face at close range , according to police . when medics arrived at the scene , they pronounced the young mother dead . now , harrell , who later admitted to having stored his handgun under his daughter 's mattress , has been charged with one count of second-degree murder at ramsey county district court . shooting : dimitri harrell ( right ) has been arrested after allegedly shooting dead his fiancée , samirria white ( left ) , at their minnesota home on easter morning while holding their baby daughter ( center ) in his arms . the suspect , who had ' trust issues ' with miss white after having two children by another woman , remains in custody in lieu of $ 200,000 bail . if convicted , he faces up to 40 years in prison . in the moments before sunday 's shooting , harris had been arguing with miss white after he had vanished from the apartment several times during the night , arousing her suspicions , relatives said . during an interview with police , the suspect apparently told officers he had then tried to pull his gun - which he had bought several days earlier - from his pocket while holding the couple 's baby daughter . however , the weapon had accidentally discharged , he said , causing a bullet to strike miss white in the face , according to the star tribune . it is unclear whether he explained why he took out the gun . tragic : harrell reportedly pulled out his gun and fired at 19-year-old miss white ( pictured with their daughter ) after they started arguing over his ' infidelity ' in the bedroom of their st paul apartment at around 3.40am . arrest : now , harrell has been charged with one count of second-degree murder at ramsey county district court . above , the suspect is pictured in his mug shot ( left ) and posing with miss white and their baby ( right ) . several people - including some of the victim 's siblings - were also in the property at the time of the alleged murder . many of them heard yelling come from the couple 's bedroom , cbs reported . miss white 's 16-year-old brother , who woke up after apparently hearing his sister scream ' do n't point that gun at me ! ' , ran into the room when he heard the gunshot . there , he found his sister dead . the boy yelled at harrell to get away from miss white , according to a complaint obtained by the tribune . in response , the suspect apparently told him it was an accident and fled the scene . after emergency crews arrived at the scene , miss white was declared dead and the bedroom was cordoned off . police later found the gun on harrell 's ' close friend ' , who was in the apartment . scene : the shooting occurred in the 800 block of pierce butler route ( pictured ) in minnesota on sunday . family : in the moments before sunday 's shooting , harris had been arguing with miss white after he had vanished from the apartment several times during the night , arousing her suspicions , relatives said . the man , who has not been identified by officials , had reportedly received the weapon from harrell just minutes after the shooting . the suspect had apparently told him : ' do something with this ' . harrell , who is pictured with miss white and their daughter in numerous facebook photos , told police that their relationship had been rocky since the births of his two children by a different woman . on tuesday , relatives described miss white , a former humboldt senior high school student , as a ' spontaneous ' and loving woman who had hoped to become a nurse and adored her daughter . on her facebook page , miss white lists the date she got engaged as march 23 , 2012 . she also reveals that she was born in elgin , illinois . her three-month-old daughter 's name is unknown.. . pregnancy : on tuesday , relatives described miss white ( left , pregnant with harrell and right , in another pregnancy shot ) as a ' spontaneous ' woman who had hoped to become a nurse and adored her daughter . 