nigel farage 's ' terrible ' back and shoulder pain has forced him to cut his working day and consider quitting smoking . the ukip leader said the pain meant he was not ' firing on all cylinders ' during the early weeks of the election campaign , but insists he is now ' back on form ' . he revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury and had been prescribed temazepam , a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant . scroll down for video . quitting : mr farage said ' terrible ' back and shoulder pain has forced him to cut his working day and consider ditching cigarettes . mr farage is known for having a cigarette in his hand but was pictured smoking an e-cigarette yesterday . the party leader admitted he had not been following his doctor 's orders to the letter , leaving him seeming under par in the opening weeks of ukip 's campaign . mr farage has been dogged by speculation that he was ill during the run up to the general election but he insists he is not unwell . the 51-year-old told the daily telegraph he has been receiving private hospital treatment in london and had been prescribed the sleeping drug temazepam . he claims campaigning has not left him with enough time to attend nhs appointments . certain things can make people become more at risk of developing back pain , including smoking . the increase in risk may be because smoking has caused tissue damage in the back or because smokers tend to have unhealthier lifestyles than those who do n't smoke . source : nhs . ' i was not unwell , i have not had heart palpitations , but i was getting increasingly terrible pain in my shoulder , my back , and so i was suffering from neuralgic pain , ' he told the newspaper . ' i am taking a few tablets but it is something i have got to live with , and i have got to pace myself . i think i am going to have medical treatment for the rest of my life . ' mr farage said he has cut his working day to 14 hours and may give up smoking . he was pictured smoking an e-cigarette yesterday . when asked by bbc 's newsnight earlier this week whether he was ' operating at 100 % ' , mr farage said : ' to be honest with you , in the earlier part of the campaign i was n't , and i was n't feeling quite as sharp and as fit as i should have been . ' however , he blamed it on getting his ' diary planning wrong ' and said he was now feeling ' pretty bouncy ' . mr farage was injured in a plane crash on the day of the 2010 general election , suffering broken ribs and other minor injuries . mr farage revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury and had been prescribed temazepam , a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant . the party leader admitted he had not been following his doctor 's orders to the letter , leaving him seeming under par in the opening weeks of ukip 's campaign . he told bbc news : ' i 've not been doing physio . i 've not been doing my exercises . ' i 've been so obsessed with the ukip campaign that i put myself into a position where i was n't really firing on all cylinders . ' mr farage was injured in a plane crash on the day of the 2010 general election , suffering broken ribs and other minor injuries .