manchester united have been brilliant in the second half of the season but the defeat at everton was a timely reminder that they still have a long way to go . united played like sunderland on a bad day – they were that horrendous . recently i wrote about what united need to take them back to a proper challenge for domestic and european glory . now it 's time to name names . teams will have bad days , of course . it 's no surprise to those of us who can see his quality and importance to united , but without michael carrick they look far more beatable . i ca n't see how everton score that first goal if carrick is on the pitch . louis van gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn manchester united into title contenders . borussia dortmund 's midfield pair of ilkay gundogan ( left ) and sven bender ( right ) fit the bill . daley blind is a poverty-stricken pauper 's version of carrick in that position . the dutchman is a slower version of the geordie , which is quite an achievement , and so more reinforcements are needed . that 's why it would be a good idea for united to raid borussia dortmund . ilkay gundogan has already been linked with a move to old trafford – it 's a no-brainer . this player is physical yet graceful . he can spot a pass and execute it first time . he 's dynamic and never hides . alongside him in that dortmund midfield is sven bender - the german carrick . these players make relatively few tackles because they anticipate and intercept – they read the game . daley blind struggled to cope in manchester united 's midfield during their 3-0 defeat by everton . david de gea , blind and ashley young react after conceding a goal in a big defeat by everton on sunday . but when bender tackles , the opponent knows about it – he is a beast . despite his frame ( he 's 6ft 1in , slightly shorter than carrick ) , he is quick to step into a tackle . opponents think they have a bit of time on the ball but bender makes up the ground in a flash to rob them . what i 'm saying here is that united may need two players to replace carrick . and those two fit the bill . both are winners , both have had years in dortmund playing some magnificent football . and if louis van gaal is raiding dortmund he might as well sign armenia 's finest henrikh mkhitaryan . what a playmaker this guy is – he floats around picking the ball up wherever he can , gets the team into advanced positions and can spot a pass . he can score goals too . manchester united look far more vulnerable without michael carrick in their midfield . armenian creative threat henrikh mkhitaryan has been linked with a move to the premier league before . gundogan , like bender , could be leaving dortmund this summer along with departing manager jurgen klopp . i think he 's a more positive version of juan mata – look how often the spaniard gave the ball away at goodison on sunday . there 's a lot to admire about mata 's game , but he is one of the guilty ones when you look at the reasons for united being ponderous in their build-up . united also need a centre half and another striker – it 's a work in progress after the post-fergie collapse . but the dortmund trio would bring instant reward for van gaal . and it 's not just plucking names out of nowhere : the timing is right for them to move on just as manager jurgen klopp leaves . there is a way any manchester united team must play – david moyes found that out to his cost , and earlier this season van gaal listened to the fans ' loud and clear disapproval of negative football and passes going backwards too often and changed the way they played . hoofing it up to marouane fellaini has happened – not as often as the critics make out – but with certain players out , van gaal has felt that tactic is the best way to get results . van gaal knows anything less than a top-four finish is failure . juan mata was wasteful in possession against everton at goodison park on sunday . mkhitaryan ( right ) challenges eintracht frankfurt 's carlos zambrano during a bundesliga game . marouane fellaini 's rebirth has been a big factor in manchester united 's excellent form over the past weeks . so much has been made of dortmund 's poor season , but even during that time they managed to finish top of their champions league group above arsenal . and the second half of the campaign has seen a revival that has led them to the top half when before christmas relegation looked a possibility . these are not bad players just because of half a season . these are players who , if they successfully bring their a game with them from germany , could improve united 's starting xi massively . if united are going to raid a club for good players , there are some rich pickings at dortmund . and i have n't even mentioned mats hummels . 