the mother of an australian man who was killed in syria during a clash against islamic state , has finally farewelled her son after his body was brought back onto home soil . ashley johnston , 28 , was shot in february in rojava , near the turkish border , while fighting with the kurdish people 's protection units ( ypg ) and was given a heroes send off in macquarie park , sydney , on thursday morning . although his mother amanda johnston had no idea her son was at war in the middle east until she learnt of his death , the proud mother paid a touching tribute to his final action in life at his funeral . scroll down for video . amanda jonston ( centre ) the mother of former soldier ashley johnston , walks in front of her son 's coffin as it is carried out of the chapel during his funeral service at macquarie park cemetery on thursday . ' ashley put his life on the line to stand up for what is good , for what is just , to protect and defend not just innocent people caught up in this war but you and i and people everywhere , ' mrs johnston said as she fought back tears . the queenslander , who lived in the act , is believed to be the first westerner to die in battle against is . ashley johnston , originally from maryborough in queensland , but who had most recently been living in canberra , told his mother amanda he was simply heading to the middle east to do humanitarian work . the australian reportedly died on february 24 in a small village near shingal in iraq , close to the border with syrian kurdistan . however he was fighting against the is rule and was shot in a clash with their forces in february . johnston said in his final interview before his death , that he was afraid of returning home because he thought he 'd be treated like a terrorist . at the time , his mother amanda johnston told the sydney morning herald that she was in disbelief that her son was fighting against isis in syria . ' i just kept calling because i did n't believe it was true . i know in my head that it is actually ash but the rest of me does n't like to believe it 's true , ' she said when she learnt of his death . members of australia 's kurdish community carry the coffin of former soldier ashley johnston . mr johnston 's mother did not know that her son was in syria fighting with kurdish soldiers against isis until she heard of his death . ' i just said , `` i need to talk to you . you have to ring me . i do n't believe that what i 've been told is true . i need you to ring me and tell me what 's going on … i need to hear your voice . `` ' mr johnston served for seven years with australia 's army reserves before going travelling and becoming moved by the struggle of ethnic kurds against is militants , who have taken control of large parts of syria of iraq . his body finally arrived home in canberra last week , leaving mrs johnston to face the grim task of identifying him . she reportedly slapped her son 's body when she saw him and then kissed him on the face . according to a family member , his mother would not have supported his choice to fight with the kurdish people in syria . mr johnston 's coffin was draped in the australian and kurdistan democratic union ( pyd ) party flags , and was carried by men and women dressed in khaki fatigues and scarves in pyd colours of red , yellow and green . mr johnston who worked for seven years as part of the australian army reserves is believed to be the first westerner to die in battle against is . ' she would n't have supported him fighting there in any shape or form , ' a family spokesman told fairfax media . ' she does n't want anyone to go over there , no matter which side they are on . ' sitting with hundreds of mourners , many with pictures of her son and a ypg star pinned to their chests , she listened on thursday to the story of his legacy . ' we came from different lands , different cultures , different religions and different languages ' saadet ozdemir , a kurdish community member from sydney , said . ' a young man from canberra by the name of ashley johnston brought our communities together not just in australia but globally . ' ashley johnston , originally from maryborough in queensland but had most recently been living in canberra , told his mother amanda he was simply heading to the middle east to do humanitarian work . mourners at his funeral wore t-shirts imprinted with mr johnston 's image and carried badges to honour the fallen soldier . the service heard mr johnston was among eight fighters in a broken-down truck confronted and outnumbered by is . his comrades said he sacrificed himself to draw enemy fire , a move that saved them . she was joined by over 300 weeping mourners from the kurdish community , many of whom had never met the 28-year-old australian army reservist and yet had his picture pinned to their chests alongside the ypg star . mr johnston 's coffin was draped in the australian and kurdistan democratic union ( pyd ) party flags , and was carried by men and women dressed in khaki fatigues and scarves in pyd colours of red , yellow and green . mr johnston 's coffin was draped in the australian and kurdistan democratic union ( pyd ) party flags , and was carried by men and women dressed in khaki fatigues and scarves in pyd colours of red , yellow and green . amanda johnston paid tribute to her son 's life at his funeral , claiming he was standing up for what is goof . kurdish association of sydney president gulfar olan said mr johnston would be remembered as the ' great australian human rights activist ' . ' you gave your life so that our children and our community might live in peace and hope , ' she said . speaking to the daily telegraph , shiyar cahal , 22 , paid his respects to the kurdish fighter and said he wished he knew what motivated mr johnson to leave australia to fight in syria . ' he 's our hero , ' mr cahal said . ' all the kurdish community has come from all over australia . he sacrificed himself against isis for the kurdish people and for us that 's a big thing . over 300 weeping mourners from the kurdish community , many of whom had never met the 28-year-old australian army reservist and yet had his picture pinned to their chests alongside the ypg star . men and women in khakis carried mr johnston 's coffin out of the chapel and into a waiting black hearse as mourners chanted ' they are alive forever ' in kurdish . ' i wish i could ask him what made him go as an aussie , to see what motivated him against isis to give his life . ' men and women in khakis carried mr johnston 's coffin out of the chapel and into a waiting black hearse as mourners chanted ' they are alive forever ' in kurdish . although fighting against is , mr johnston could have faced prosecution for serving with a foreign irregular force , which carries a prison sentence of 20 years . it was a notion a representative from the kurdish association of victoria labelled an absurdity . although fighting against is , mr johnston could have faced prosecution for serving with a foreign irregular force , which carries a prison sentence of 20 years . it is still a mystery to them how mr johnston made connections in the kurdish community in syria.although there is concern that he was recruited through a facebook group . ' it can not be emphasised enough that although ashley did not die for australia , ashley did die fighting for values that we australians call our own , ' she told the service . it is believed mr johnston 's family will hold a private burial in canberra . it is still a mystery to them how mr johnston made connections in the kurdish community in syria . although there is concern that he was recruited through a facebook group .