an oregon lawmaker proposed legislation monday creating uniform standards for hand dryers in public restrooms . the bill says that the recent proliferation of powerful dryers is efficient , but can sometimes trigger ringing of in the ears , or cause discomfort for people with development or sensory disabilities . the measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels . according to the federal centers for disease control and prevention , that is about as loud as a school cafeteria . a measure proposed to the oregon legislature would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels , about as loud as a school cafeteria . ( file photo ) . it also would n't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph , in case the hand-dryer manufacturer does n't label the decibel level . bill sponsor democratic sen. chris edwards told the senate committee on business and transportation that the new generation of hand dryers used to elicit episodes in his autistic son , who would cry and cover his ears when he heard them . it 's not the hand-dryer motor that 's too loud , edwards said , it 's the ' air knife ' against the hand that can cause a sharp , shrill sound . ' i almost did n't bring this bill because this is not the most consequential bill of the legislative session . we all know that , ' edwards said . democratic senator chris edwards ( left ) sponsored the bill after his autistic son had episodes after hearing loud hand dryers . republican senator chuck thomsen ( right ) says he prefers paper hand drying . ' but nonetheless there are those of us that just find these hand dryers to be extraordinarily obnoxious and disruptive to family members . ' the bill would also ' requires downward blowing hand dryer to not blow air at an air velocity that exceeds 115 miles per hour ' . high-speed , efficient new hand dryers , such as the dyson airblade or the excel xlerator , are fast replacing the old models , which often left hands still dripping wet . still , there are some who would prefer if hand dryers were a thing of the past altogether . ' the new ones are faster , but i still would ban them all and go back to paper , ' said republican sen. chuck thomsen of hood river . the bill , sb 488 , is scheduled for a hearing on wednesday . 