raheem sterling has prompted new concerns over smoking after fresh pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe – this time joined by his teenage liverpool team-mate jordon ibe . the pictures , believed to have been taken in a london bar earlier this season , show the young stars sat together and both are holding shisha pipes . casually dressed , the pair are sat on a sofa in front of a table with shisha pipes , cans of fizzy fanta orange and a portable music speaker . sterling , who is considering his future at liverpool , and ibe are considered as the two brightest stars to emerge at the club as they battle to stay among the barclays premier league pacesetters . liverpool players raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe . this is the second time sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days . the pictures will heap further embarrassment on liverpool after other recent revelations involving sterling . sterling on his feet holding a shisha pipe . sterling , 20 , is battling controversy after the first picture , revealed on sunday , showed him smoking a shisha pipe . a video then emerged showing him passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide – otherwise known as ‘ laughing gas’ or ‘ hippy crack’ . the england international has been the subject of a club probe into why he was taking the legal high . but the sight of 19-year-old starlet ibe , who has made his breakthrough into the liverpool first team this season , will cause even more concern with club officials , who have declined to comment on the latest pictures . sterling 's representative also refused to comment . ibe , wearing a red hoodie and ripped black jeans , is pictured holding a shisha pipe . he is sitting next to sterling , who is wearing a tight white v-neck t-shirt and blue jeans , on the sofa . the pair can be seen smiling and joking as they hold on to the pipes in the bar . liverpool will be anxious that sterling does not further damage his public image after a tempestuous period , in which he has become involved in a contract stand-off with the club . he was heckled at the launch of the club’s new kit last week , while a pocket of supporters chanted ‘ raheem sterling , your agent’s a c***’ during the 2-0 win over newcastle on monday night , in which sterling scored the opening goal . sterling has turned down a deal worth around £100,000 per week and does not want to resume negotiations until the end of the season . he infuriated liverpool when he gave an interview to the bbc — without permission — to talk about his contract stand-off and why he did not want to be perceived as a ‘ greedy 20-year-old’ . asked on monday if he will be reminding sterling of his responsibilities , liverpool manager brendan rodgers said : ‘ i will do . he’s a young kid who has been in the spotlight now so he knows the demands of being a top class professional — it’s not just on the field it’s off the field , but i will speak with him on it and we’ll move on . ’ the players , wearing casual clothing , inhale from the lit shisha pipe ( bottom right ) . it appears that the two players have a shisha pipe apiece and are also drinking fanta . shisha is a water pipe in which flavoured tobacco is roasted with charcoal . the tobacco smoke passes through a water chamber and is inhaled deeply and slowly . the flavoured tobacco smells sweet , making it an enjoyable and relaxing experience , according to enthusiasts . despite the smoke passing through water , all the risks of smoking a regular cigarette are present – including respiratory and heart diseases , as well as cancer . during an hour-long shisha smoking session , it has been estimated the smoke inhaled is the equivalent of between 100 and 200 cigarettes . ibe is seen as a potential star at anfield after he announced his talent with a sensational display in february’s merseyside derby draw at everton . he had spent the past six weeks on the sidelines with a knee injury but returned to the starting line-up during monday 's 2-0 win over newcastle . the injury has delayed him signing a new contract with the club , although that is expected to be a formality . shisha pipes are used to smoke fruit-flavoured tobacco , which is burned on hot coals , through a long tube . they are commonly used in the middle east . it is said that one single shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes , which calls into question the professionalism of any athlete using the pipe . the british heart foundation website it clearly states : ‘ like cigarettes [ shisha ] contains nicotine , tar , carbon monoxide and heavy metals , such as arsenic and lead . ' sterling , who has 14 caps for england , was pictured on a social media site with the picture captioned ‘1 down 3 to go’ , suggesting he did not just take a single drag on the pipe . in february , arsenal and england midfielder jack wilshere faced criticism after he was pictured with a shisha pipe on a night out while recovering from ankle surgery . but the arsenal star , who has previously been pictured smoking cigarettes , was defended by england manager roy hodgson who said he 'd tried the middle eastern pipe himself and did not think it was a problem . sterling was pictured on social media whilst smoking a shisha pipe in a story published over the weekend . sterling was also filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as ' hippy crack ' . sterling celebrates after scoring liverpool 's opening goal in monday night 's 2-0 win over newcastle united . sterling celebrates with ibe after scoring in monday night 's premier league match at anfield . in the video footage , sterling is seen sucking on an orange balloon then laughing and giggling before he asks one of his friends to give him another hit . when the camera pans back to the 20-year-old , he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep . it is claimed that the video , obtained by the sun , was taken at his home in southport in the days before a game . sportsmail contacted sterling’s agent , aidy ward , on monday night . he refused to comment on the story but did not deny that it was his client . sportsmail columnist and former liverpool captain jamie carragher said : ‘ in years to come he’ll look back over this period now as a massive learning curve . when you’re a 20-year-old kid , you make mistakes . i did , i’m sure we all do . it’s just important that he learns from it because raheem sterling needs to be on the back pages , not the front pages and that’s a problem for him in these last few months . ’ ibe pictured during monday night 's win over newcastle , which kept liverpool in the top four chase . liverpool manager brendan rodgers was due to speak to sterling to remind him of his responsibilities . players ' union chief bobby barnes called for understanding after sterling ' made a mistake ' . he said : ' nobody would condone the use of these types of substances whether legal or otherwise as footballers are seen as role models . it does send a message to young people that if it 's good enough for footballers then it 's good enough for them and that is not desirable . ' but you have to bear in mind that we ask an awful lot of young players growing up in the public eye . many of us look back at things we have done in our teens and early 20s and wish we had n't done them . ' he 's made a mistake and people are human . i am sure this will be a minor blip on his path to a fantastic career . ’ nitrous oxide starves the brain of oxygen and makes users feel light-headed and dizzy . it has been nicknamed ‘ laughing gas’ due to the euphoric and relaxed feeling people who inhale it can sometimes feel . official figures show 460,000 16-24 year-olds took it last year . it has been the cause of 17 deaths since 2006 . tottenham defender kyle walker was pictured inhaling a balloon in 2013 , while last year saido berahino was pictured doing it at the wheel of his range rover . 