the world’s leading gold mining company has paid compensation to 11 women in remote papua new guinea after they were raped by the firm’s security guards and police , it was revealed today . the us-based barrick gold , which boasts that it is the world’s leading gold mining company , reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the us . one of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern enga province when she was raped in 2010 , the australian broadcasting corporation reported today . an american gold mining company has paid what is beleived to be a six-figure compensation to 11 women after they were raped by the firm’s security guards and police patrolling porgera gold mine in papua new guinea . she and her classmates had made string bags for police officers who had been moved into the area to increase security around the company’s porgera gold mine . several police officers offered to pay her for her bags and offered to take her to an atm to draw out the money . but she was taken , instead , to the mine site where she claims one of the armed policemen raped her . barrick gold , which boasts that it is the world’s leading gold mining company , reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the us . she told the abc’s pacific beat programme before the settlement was reached that as a result of the rape ‘ i am now suffering - i would have been somebody if i completed my education . ‘ i was the best student in my class . because of the rape my future is ruined . ’ a second woman , identified as jane doe 4 , has revealed how she was collecting firewood when she was surrounded by security guards from the mine . victims include a 14-year-old schoolgirl who was raped by police patrolling mine in 2010 . ‘ they hit me . they pushed me and i fell on some of the sharp rocks . ‘ two of the guards , they took turns in raping me . i suffered very badly . ’ the abc said allegations of brutality had surrounded the mine even before barrick gold took it over in 2006 . in 2011 the allegations were exposed when a human rights watch report documented six alleges cases of gang rape by the mine’s security guards . responding to the report , barrick set up a ‘ remedial framework’ to provide compensation to victims of brutality and more than 130 women accepted payments of around $ 10,000 , as long as they agreed not to take any future legal action . but 11 women rejected the offer as being grossly inadequate and planned a lawsuit in nevada , where barrick gold has a number of mining operations . now , after mediation , the mining company and the women have reached a confidential settlement and are said by earth rights international to be ‘ pleased with the results they are getting at this point . ’ in a joint statement between barrick gold and earth rights international , it was announced that ‘ the women will receive compensation under the porgera remedy framework and a payment in connection with their participation in the mediation process . ’