a florida postal carrier steered his small gyrocopter through protected washington airspace for 30 miles to the u.s. capitol , tracked by the nation 's top security agencies , which feared harming tourists on the national mall if they tried to shoot him down , senior lawmakers said wednesday . doug hughes , 61 , is ' lucky to be alive ' and ' should have been blown out of the air , ' rep. jason chaffetz , r-utah , chairman of the house oversight committee , told reporters just days after the incident that exposed a gap in the government 's efforts to ensure the security of the white house , capitol and other critical buildings in washington . senior officials from the secret service and capitol police briefed top house members behind closed doors . scroll down for video . press conference : committee on oversight and government reform chairman rep. jason chaffetz , r-utah , left , and ranking member rep. elijah cummins , d-md. , speak with reporters on wednesday . pilot : the man who piloted the gyrocopter and landed on the west lawn , 61-year-old doug hughes , is ' lucky to be alive ' and ' should have been blown out of the air , ' chaffetz said . campaign : hughes ' stunt was aimed at drawing attention to campaign finance reform . chaffetz said security tracked hughes as he approached the capitol last week after taking off from gettysburg , pennsylvania . a ' judgment call ' was made not to shoot hughes down , chaffetz said . rep. elijah cummings , d-md. , said officials were concerned about injuring people on the ground if an attempt was made to shoot down hughes . chaffetz said a combination of ' lack of communication and some human error ' by capitol police and other officials allowed hughes to steer his tiny aircraft within a few hundred feet of the capitol before landing on the west lawn . chaffetz said he was deeply concerned at ' a lack of coordination and communication ' among law enforcement agencies charged with what he called ' a no-fail mission ' to protect the capitol and other important sites in washington , including the white house . cummings called the incident a 'wake-up call ' to all law enforcement agencies involved . capitol police , the secret service and other agencies need ' to look very carefully at what happened here , dissect it , figure it out and use this to make things better , ' cummings said . cummings and chaffetz said they were outraged that members of congress were not alerted to the potential security threat even as parts of the capitol complex were placed under lockdown . ' that 's inexcusable , ' chaffetz said . chaffetz and cummings said they will hold a hearing on the incident next week with representatives of six agencies : the secret service , capitol police , congress ' sergeant at arms , the federal aviation administration , north american aerospace defense command ( norad ) and the u.s. park police . three of the agencies - the faa , norad and the park police - were no-shows at wednesday 's briefing , irking lawmakers . rep. elijah cummings , d-md. , said officials were concerned about injuring people on the ground if an attempt was made to shoot down hughes . security : homeland security secretary jeh johnson said last week that hughes ' literally flew under the radar ' to the capitol lawn , but added that it 's too soon to say whether security changes are needed . issues : hughes was charged with two federal crimes , violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft . the crimes carry penalties of up to four years in prison and fines . ' they 've got a lot of explaining to do ' about why they did not attend the briefing , chaffetz said . lawmakers were told during the briefing that ' incursions ' into the restricted air space around washington occur nearly every day and are usually ' dealt with in a smooth and professional manner , ' chaffetz said , in stark contrast to the gyrocopter incident . lawmakers raised alarms about security after hughes ' stunt , which was aimed at drawing attention to campaign finance reform . homeland security secretary jeh johnson said last week that hughes ' literally flew under the radar ' to the capitol lawn , but added that it 's too soon to say whether security changes are needed . ' we are a democracy . we do n't have fences around our airspace , so we 've got to find the right balance between living in a free and open society , and security and the protection of federal buildings , ' johnson said . chaffetz said there is a ' heightened awareness ' about the risks of small aircraft in the wake of the gyrocopter stunt . anyone who enters restricted airspace now will have ' a major problem , ' cummings said . hughes was charged with two federal crimes , violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft . the crimes carry penalties of up to four years in prison and fines . hughes ' next court appearance is may 8 .