chelsea match-winner cesc fabregas hailed a vital win after his late goal gave his side a 1-0 victory over qpr at loftus road . the game looked to be heading for a stalemate before fabregas ' 88th minute shot - their first on target in the game - found its way past rob green . the win moved jose mourinho 's men seven points clear at the top of the table and fabregas admitted it was an important goal . midfielder cesc fabregas runs away in celebration having scored a vital winner in the 88th minute . ' it was vital . we know that we are playing for the most important trophy of the season , ' the midfielder told sky sports . ' we 're there in first place and we want to continue that . ' he also paid tribute to the performance of qpr , saying : ' they were very difficult to play but we showed great mentality and never gave up in the difficult moments . ' cesc fabregas wore a protective mask during chelsea 's clash with qpr after breaking his nose last week . cesc fabregas ' low strike , chelsea 's first shot on target , was enough to secure the win at loftus road . chelsea striker didier drogba struggled to impose his game on a resolute qpr defence on sunday . blues striker dider drogba added : ' we had belief . we always play until the end . it was a tough game but the good thing with this team is we always play to the end . ' mourinho knew the win moved his side one step closer to a fifth league title , despite them having to work hard for it . ' our situation was very positive . one point would be one less point we need , but the reality is that three points is always three points and one less match we need to win so is a very important step in a very important match , ' he said . nemanja matic hugs his goalscoring team-mate fabregas after the final whistle at loftus road . ' it was a very difficult match where the best quality was to control the game very well and stop our opponents scoring . ' they are a team that can score goals and have dangerous , attacking players so our best quality in the game was to keep calm and try to play against a team that was very well organised defensively and did a fantastic job , ' added mourinho . ' after that you have lots of times in the season when you win points or lose points in the end of the game , and we won two points in the last two minutes . ' during the chelsea celebrations at loftus road , the blues were targeted by objects thrown from the crowd . drogba celebrates the vital victory with team-mates john terry ( centre ) and branislav ivanovic ( right ) . 