newcastle boss john carver accepts the pressure is on as his side head into their final six games with their top-flight status still not secured . the magpies slipped to a fifth successive barclays premier league defeat at liverpool on monday , a result that did little to ease fears they could yet be sucked into relegation trouble . newcastle remain in the relative safety of 13th place with 35 points but the sides below them have been eating into their cushion . they are nine points above the relegation zone but with some awkward-looking games in their run-in , including this weekend 's home clash with tottenham and matches against fellow battlers leicester , west brom and qpr . newcastle boss john carver insists his side have ' got six cup finals ' left to play during the current campaign . carver , pictured with newcastle ace moussa sissoko , has won just two games since taking over the reins . newcastle are just nine points above qpr . carver said : ' we have got six cup finals . we need points . we have got four home games , two away , and it is important when we play those home games our fans are right behind us . ' it looked like being a long night for newcastle and their fans as liverpool dominated the early proceedings at anfield , with raheem sterling setting up their 2-0 win with a brilliant ninth-minute opener . liverpool spurned several good chances to increase their lead and newcastle rallied before the break and were controversially denied a penalty when referee lee mason surprisingly did not point to the spot after dejan lovren appeared to bring down ayoze perez . perez also had a fine header superbly saved by simon mignolet but liverpool secured victory through joe allen after 70 minutes , and newcastle 's misery was complete when moussa sissoko was shown a late red card . carver at least felt his side had shown the right spirit after their recent derby loss to sunderland . england winger raheem sterling scored in liverpool 's 2-0 win over newcastle at anfield on monday night . he said : ' the pleasing thing from my point of view was our response . we have responded from that dreadful performance against sunderland . anything would have been better than what we saw against sunderland . ' it is still not a win , but there are an awful lot of things that we can take into the final six games . ' carver , who has overseen just two wins in 14 games since taking over from alan pardew , is also fighting for his own future . carver feels his side are getting a rough deal from referees , with the perez penalty claim the latest example . he said : ' i think liverpool fans understand the game like newcastle fans do and the reaction of them told me it was a penalty . even brendan ( rodgers ) said straight away it was a penalty . ' these guys have to do a job - i am not going to be critical in general - i am just talking about one big decision . contracts and jobs and livelihoods are decided on decisions like that . ' it is always the people on this side of the fence that get punished for that . ' 