in this day and age , everything is personalised - from alarm clocks that measure your perfect amount of sleep to fashion brands that use social media to connect with each individual customer . so it was only a matter of time before the make-up industry jumped on the bandwagon . the newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs - from bespoke mascaras and eyeliners to foundations and powders unique to you . scroll down for video . the newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs . eyeko london 's bespoke mascara ( £28 ) comes in dozens of brush shapes . eyeko london is just one brand taking advantage of the trend with the launch of its new bespoke mascara ( £28 ) , offering more than 100 different combinations of brush shape and formula to suit your lashes . at eyeko 's bespoke eye wardrobe in london 's harvey nichols , which launched earlier this month , customers can choose between dozens of brush shapes - from thick wands for a dramatic sixties look to skinnier ones for lengthened , separated lashes . the mascaras , containing natural ingredients like conditioning shea butter and hydrating keratin , are created on site and then wrapped in monogrammed packaging to complete the personalised theme . co-founder nina leykind said : ' it 's like the baskin robbins of mascara . getting it right is about the combination . one doesn’t work without the other . ' even if you have an amazing brush for you , if it’s put together with the wrong formula then it doesn’t work . ' foundation , too , is set to see a surge in personalisation . beauty brands have long promised customised foundation , but finding that perfect shade and texture is easier said than done . enter cover fx custom cover drops ( £36 ) a new game-changing alternative to foundation which can transform your entire make-up collection . cover drops , which are based on a colour palette of neutral , pink and gold , can be mixed with any of your favourite moisturisers , oils , serums or other foundations to create your preferred texture and finish . using ' flash fusion ' technology , as soon as the drops are added to a beauty product , they blend in flawlessly , leaving behind only pure pigments and instant tint . cover fx custom cover drops ( £36 ) can be mixed with any of your favourite moisturizers , oils , serums or other foundations to create your preferred texture and finish . it 's not just make-up that is increasingly becoming tailored to your personal needs . skincare brand jennifer young offers customised moisturisers , serums , cleansers and toners made with the particular ingredients that your skin craves . customers who visit the jennifer young website specify their gender , age , problem areas , preferred scent and skin sensitivities , among other options . they are then presented with a selection of made-to-order products designed to enhance their particular skin type , with prices starting at £20 for a custom-made toner . not only are beauty brands creating more and more customised products , but shops and department stores are also taking note of the bespoke trend by launching services to help customers create their own blends . harvey nichols ' newly-launched beauty concierge ( pictured ) is a personal shopping service for make-up . harvey nichols ' newly-launched beauty concierge , for instance , is like a personal shopping service specifically for make-up . customers who book a complimentary appointment meet with a beauty adviser , whose mission it is to seek out your ideal lipstick , fragrance or skincare , with no bias towards particular brands . according to daniela rinaldi , group beauty buying director at harvey nichols , bespoke products are most certainly the future of beauty - and customisation is only going to get bigger . ' i think the one size fits all concept just simply doesn’t cater to customers’ individual needs at all times anymore , ' she explained . ' whilst there is still definitely a market for ready-to-wear beauty , we are seeing an increase in our customers wanting to know that the product they are using is right for them ; many don’t want to learn this through a process of trial and error . '