as holidays go , kim kardashian has long had the pick of the planet . sitting on a bank balance that could sustain a small country , means that the cost of flights and accommodation has never been an issue for the reality tv star . so , where to go and what to do ? while the famous kardashian used to pick holidays close to home , in the sun , on a beach and with her family - if her recent vacations are anything to go by - times have changed . scroll down for video . kim has long had her pick of holiday destinations - so how have her holiday tastes changed over the years ? this month , kim and her husband kanye west made a high-profile tour of armenia and israel to baptise their daughter and retrace the kardashian roots . paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the french capital with her husband . kim has also been ditching sun loungers for salopettes and skis on stylish winter breaks . it seems that as her fame has rocketed , kim 's travel tastes have likewise changed . ahead of her wedding to kanye , the reality star spent a lot of time in paris , where kanye has previously spent months at a time while recording his album yeezus . he has previously gushed about the city : ' you can just trip on inspiration — there are so many people here who dedicate their lives to excellence ' . the couple eventually tied the knot overlooking beautiful florence , in italy , another kanye favourite . he has previously said : ' i adore florence . i love italy and the italian lifestyle ... i think that our daughter north was conceived here among the renaissance masterpieces . ' it seems kim has certainly developed an interest in exploring different cultures with her new family . we take a trip down memory lane to see how her passport stamps have evolved with time ... miami – april 2010 . the mega star took a couple of weeks out to lounge around miami beach with her two sisters , khloe and kourtney . she may have tweeted ‘ i never want to go home ! ’ but we’re not sure we believe her . kim hangs out on the beach of miami in 2010 . almost 13 million people visited miami in the same year . she buried herself in the crowded strip , rented a lounger , mixed with the hoi polloi and babysat for her nephew mason dash disick . in the same year almost 13 million people visited the city and its beaches , making it one of the least exclusive holiday destinations possible for a kardashian . holiday points : 3/10 . las vegas – february 2011 . where better to celebrate your 30th birthday than the gaudiest , tackiest place on earth ? vegas hosted the reality tv star’s celebrations which saw her held upside down to drink beer out of a keg . las vegas hosted the reality tv star’s celebrations which saw her held upside down to drink beer out of a keg . on the upside , kelly rowland serenaded kim with the destiny’s child anthem bootylicious at tao nightclub . but , style points ? null . holiday points : 0/10 . brazil – february 2013 . she’s a different kind of idol , but kim was more than happy to pose like jesus in front cristo redentor - christ the redeemer statue - in rio de janeiro during a long vacation . she’s a different kind of idol , but kim was more than happy to pose like jesus in front cristo redentor . in a garish pink dress , with kanye next to her , the pair paused for photographs in front of brazil’s most famous landmark . the duo were in the city for carnival which attracts 2.2 million visitors to the country , making the most of their last baby-free months and beating a path through the country’s more well-known attractions . they also took time to visit a slum outside rio de janeiro . holiday points : 7/10 . the duo were in the city for carnival which attracts 2.2 million and visited a slum outside rio de janeiro . mexico - july 2014 . another day , another holiday . this time with friends sarah gomes and kirsten noel gipson at a puerto vallarta resort in mexico . her instagram feed was filled with champagne cocktails , sandy beaches , palms and acres of string-bikinied flesh . another day , another holiday : kim spent time in mexico with friends sarah gomes and kirsten noel gipson . her instagram was filled with champagne cocktails , sandy beaches , palms and acres of string-bikinied flesh . americans descend with gusto on puerto vallarta each year , known for lively water sports and an even livelier nightlife . there is also a strong artistic undercurrent and the town has many art galleries , full of sculpture and ceramics . from her instagram , we’re not sure kim saw any of it . holiday points : 6/10 . utah – jan 2015 . is it kanye’s influence ? since the pair married last year , kim’s holidays have taken a dive in a more adventurous direction . this january they ditched sun loungers , poolside bars and limos to go on a ski break to utah with eight other couples . ditching sun loungers , poolside bars and limos , the pair went on a ski break to utah with friends in january . the famous pair documented their holiday in a series of instagram posts , with kim reluctantly wearing a ski helmet . the group stayed in deer valley , a resort placed on the map during the 2002 winter olympics , to celebrate a friend’s birthday . holiday points : 8/10 . they stayed in deer valley , a resort put on the map during the 2002 winter olympics , for a friend 's birthday . paris – march 2015 . it has taken years , but kim has finally won a seat at fashion’s top table and , as a result , paris has become her new favourite holiday destination . her stays are on the rise - her most recent was in march - where she schmoozed with givenchy’s ricardo tisci and swanned about in bespoke celine . paris has become the reality tv star 's new favourite destination after her hen do in the capital last year . givenchy spring '15 lace up jumpsuit . shop a similar givenchy bodysuit at matchesfashion.com . visit site . from her newly blonde tresses to the high octane glamour of her outfits , kim kardashian at paris fashion week will probably comprise some of our most loved kim looks to date ! this ensemble here proves that after a long foray into practical , loose shapes , sexy really is back in fashion . the blonde bombshell amped up the sex appeal in this eye-catching lace-up body suit from givenchy 's spring '15 show , which she teamed with figure hugging black pants and over-the-knee leather peep toes . helmed by riccardo tisci , the spring '15 collection was full of black and white latticed jackets and coats , each more ornately decorated than the last with whipstitching and filigree and roman gladiator dresses in studded leather . kim 's look here perfectly encapsulates that high octane glamour , and the best part is , you can nab a slice of the high fashion action . though kim 's exact bodysuit is sold out , you can follow the link ( right ) to snap up an incredibly similar version now ! or head to our style edit below - we 're loving boohoo 's bargain offerings and nasty gal 's creation is pure dominatrix glamour . boohoo iris halter neck lace up bodysuit . visit site . mara hoffman lace-up cami top at zappos . visit site . nasty gal cage rager venezia bodysuit . visit site . boohoo caitlyn strappy front plunge sleeveless bodysuit . visit site . thanks to husband kanye’s credibility , and her improved status , the bottom-heavy celebrity was planted firmly on paris fashion week’s front rows . we’re pretty sure her love affair with the city dates back to her parisian hen do in may last year , when she toured valentino’s french château , the eiffel tower and the palace of versailles . bravo ! holiday points : 8/10 . thanks to husband kanye’s credibility and her improved status kim was on paris fashion week’s front rows . april 2015 - armenia . returning to her roots , a grown-up looking 34-year-old kim made a sombre trip to armenia with kanye and sister khloe . kim’s father was a third generation armenian american and the trip was an attempt to retrace their cultural heritage . the group visited the memorial to armenian genocide victims , as the country prepares for the 100 year anniversary of the tragedy . kim visited armenia in april this year to reconnect with her ancestry as her father 's family was armenian . she said on instagram ; ‘ it was an honor to meet the prime minister of armenia , hovik abrahamyan who expressed how proud they are that we are proud armenians and we have not forgotten our roots ! # neverforget ' . in top-to-toe white , graciously hugging locals and looking her most demure yet , kim has come a million miles from her beer swigging vegas days . holiday points : 9/10 . kim and her sister khloe visit mother armenia statue in armenia during a visit that took in many sites . april 2015 - israel . after armenia , kanye , kim and 22-month-old north west made a whistle stop trip on their private jet to israel . they met jerusalem mayor nir barkat and had north west baptised at a 12th century church , saint james cathedral , in the old city . kim had north west baptised at a 12th century church , saint james cathedral , in the old city in israel . according to people , the christian service was an hour long and performed in armenian and english by armenian priests . kim told people after , ‘ it was such a beautiful experience for my family to have north baptised in jerusalem . kanye and i are so thankful . ’ as cultural occasions go , this is an all-time high for the reality tv star – no cheese wire bikinis or cosmopolitans in sight . holiday points : 10/10 .  