ex pop star : rev richard coles ( pictured ) rose to fame as half of the band the communards . when a high-profile vicar yesterday attacked the tory plans to sell housing association homes as a ‘ right to steal’ , it might have sounded like a stern ticking off from the pulpit . but this was the rev richard coles – who sits on the board of wellingborough homes , a housing association in northamptonshire – and he is no ordinary churchman . known to many for presenting radio 4’s gentle human interest show saturday live , he is the supposed inspiration for the hero of the bbc church sitcom rev . and while he might now feel free to attack others for seeking the right to buy their own home , he not so long ago felt he had the right to do whatever he chose himself , regardless of the law or anyone else’s feelings . for coles raised eyebrows by last year publishing a frank memoir which detailed not only his rise to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band the communards , alongside singer jimmy somerville , but also his enthusiasm for ‘dogging’ – having sex with strangers in the open air – and for taking drugs including cocaine , ecstasy and amphetamines . he also confessed that he falsely told his friends that he was hiv positive , to generate attention and sympathy , and kept up the unpleasant pretence for five years . coles , 52 , is now a regular on tv and radio , but on sundays he performs at his 14th century parish church , st mary the virgin , in finedon , northamptonshire . he lives nearby in a ‘ rather lovely’ grace and favour vicarage provided by the church of england . last october he warned his parishioners to ‘ brace themselves’ for the publication of his biography fathomless riches , and said shortly after : ‘ i hadn’t realised quite how eventful my life had been until i sat down to write about it . the truth is , country parsons often have a more vivid past than you might think . ’ born in northamptonshire to shoemaker parents , coles was sent to public school and it was while he was a chorister there that he realised he was gay . coles , 52 , is now a regular on tv and radio , but on sundays he performs at his 14th century parish church , st mary the virgin , in finedon , northamptonshire . within a few years he had taken a drug overdose , saying that in the 1970s being gay ‘ was like being a paedophile now – it was a life which seemed to offer only disgrace’ . he moved to london , however , met somerville , and they formed the communards . their song don’t leave me this way went to number one and was the best-selling single of 1986 . money poured in . but coles remained unhappy , jealous of somerville’s fame and feeling geeky himself . he took large quantities of drugs , apparently spending a whole year in ibiza on speed and ecstasy , and taking lsd . he believes the ecstasy was sometimes laced with heroin . he eventually conquered his shyness with other men when he discovered a lay-by where he could meet strangers and have sex in the woods at night . he described the discovery of this dogging spot as ‘ one of the great liberations of my life . having lots of casual and anonymous sex with strangers’ . he added : ‘ it was extremely healing for me . would i repudiate it ? no . i had a fantastic time . ’ after a theology degree coles was ordained in 2005 and says he now leads a celibate life with his civil partner david oldham , 37 , a curate in a neighbouring parish .