a conservative party candidate has defended photographs which show him trying to lick a female friend 's breasts saying they were taken on a night out with friends and show him being a normal , sociable person . liam marshall-ascough is standing to be an mp in stoke-on-trent central , which had a 5,500 labour majority in 2010 , and is a traditional labour stronghold . the candidate , who is gay , is pictured on the open profile of his facebook page appearing to lick a female friend 's breasts . underneath the picture a friend commented ' drunko ' . but mr marshall-ascough has insisted the photos , taken seven years ago , just show him out having fun with close friends ' like a normal person ' and do not undermine his ability to do the job . he also said they show he is able to interact with people - important to the role of a politician . liam marshall-ascough , pictured seven years ago on a night out with a close friend , insists the pictures show him enjoying himself like any normal person in their twenties and do not undermine his ability to do the job . ' you are still allowed to go out with your friends , ' he told mailonline . ' i think it 's really important that you have a balance . you are not just about politics , but you actually interact with people . ' you can balance your social life and your professional life ' . other photographs show him out drinking and posing with several female friends under the title ' more random nights out ' , and with and colleagues at virgin atlantic where he works as a steward . mr marshall-ascough is also seen posing with david cameron and outside the front door of number 10 , in pictures on the site . ' i 'm a normal person , ' he added in response to claims that some people felt the pictures showed a lack of judgement and responsibility . ' i grew up in a council house and i have a job that 's cabin crew . it 's a very sociable job and i 'm a very sociable person . ' i think that 's important . ' one of the things that i love about being cabin crew is you get to interact with people from every walk of life , and i think that 's really important to the job of a politician . ' people want politicians these days who are normal people . ' mr marshall-ascough is a conservative candidate for stoke-on-trent central , a traditional labour stronghold . several photographs show mr marshall-ascough enjoyong nights out with his friends . mr marshall-ascough , now 35 , said the pictures had been taken seven years ago when he was out with close friends and was enjoying himself like most people in their twenties . he also added that he is not drinking to excess in any of the pictures , or doing anything wrong . ' i do n't hide the fact i 'm a normal person , and people want politicians who are normal , ' he added . ' i 'm definitely not going out at the moment . i 'm too busy . ' you have to remember these pictures were taken in my twenties , when i was out like other people . now i am in my thirties . ' sometimes you make misjudgements when you are younger and you learn from these and grow up , using these experiences . ' mr marshall-ascough said he is able to balance his personal and professional life to interact with people . the crawley borough councillor has n't used any privacy settings on his social media profile , so the images are viewable by the public . the 35-year-old has also recently been seen on the campaign trail , supporting other conservative party candidates . he faces a challenge to get elected in his constituency , which has been a labour stronghold since the 1950s . his female friend , who appears in one of the photos but did not want to be named , said : ' it was taken seven years ago and it was harmless fun . it just happens to be a picture taken out of context . there was nothing untoward . it was all very innocent and liam is a really professional person . ' mr marshall-ascough courted controversy last year when he told his local newspaper that he did not believe there was a cost of living crisis . he said he felt an extra food bank was not needed in the borough because he believed there was no food poverty , as shown by the fact it was ' difficult ' to book a table in crawley on a friday or saturday evening . mr marshall-ascough , who studied archaeology and history at the university of southampton , made a start in politics in 2012 when he was elected to the council . he was picked as the conservative party candidate for stoke-on trent in october last year and insisted he will not be standing down as a councillor for southgate , where he has a seat until 2016 . he also insisted that residents of southgate - located almost 200 miles from stoke-on-trent , will not suffer if he is elected as an mp . he described being chosen to stand as an mp as ' an honour and a privilege ' . 