a keen fisherman got more than he bargained for at the weekend when he reeled in a massive shark after spending hours battling the beast . max muggeridge , 19 , from coomera in qld was camping at tweed heads just across the nsw border with his girlfriend when the pair decided to go for an early morning fish . an avid angler , mr muggeridge could n't believe his luck when a huge four metre tiger shark took a bite of his line , and he spent the next three hours trying to bring it to shore . scroll down for video . max muggeridge , 19 , from the gold coast caught this four metre tiger shark at the weekend . he reeled in the monster on the tweed coast just inside the nsw border , after a three hour battle . the massive creature is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach , according to max . ' three hours on the rod and reel , it was both physically and mentally exhausting , ' mr muggeridge told daily mail australia . ' it definitely challenged my mindset and whether i had the perseverance to push through , ' he added . ' we were just about to reel our rods in.. . i started my car up and then my rod started ticking over . ' the teenager , who is in his own words ' a shark conservationist first and foremost ' , also said the massive three hour battle left him with some serious battle wounds . ' i was absolutely shattered , i had blood blisters all over my hands , i 've got some nice callouses coming up now , ' mr muggeridge revealed . from the time he hooked the shark just after 7am , to the time he pulled it in around 10.30am the fisherman said it was a constant battle . in a post on facebook , he described the ordeal in great detail , admitting that at times he was n't sure if he had the strength to reel the monster in . ' the first hour this shark absolutely made a mockery out of me , ' mr muggeridge wrote . the huge struggle with the shark left his antique fishing rod bent slightly out of shape . the 19-year-old said the catch was a once in a lifetime opportunity . mr muggeridge believes it could have been world record size but he was n't able to accurately measure the beast . he was with his girlfriend alexia ( right ) on the beach , who was snapping photos of him reeling in the shark . ' i was hurting bad , really bad . i 've never been in so much pain . sun burning in my face , shocking burns and blisters all over my hands , sweat and sunscreen dripping into my eyes , and my whole body aching from holding the intense pressure for such an extended time . ' thoughts crossed my head like i ca n't do this , it 's too big , i 'm not prepared enough , i 'm on my own ... ' the post continued . mr muggeridge said he did n't even get a proper glimpse of the shark until the second hour , ' when it jumped out of the water ! ! ! what a sight , i have never seen that before ! ' the teenager also spoke to nine 's today show on thursday morning , telling the program he knew what he was up for about '20 seconds in ... it definitely shocked me and my girlfriend ( who ) i was fishing with ' . ' it absolutely blew everything i 've ever caught out of the water so it was once in a lifetime catch , ' he added . mr muggeridge said he thinks the catch could have been close to the world record , and he wished he could have measured it accurately . ' the current catch and release world record tiger shark held by joey polk is 10 foot eight inches ( 3.25m ) in fork length and 12 foot 9 inches ( 3.88m ) overall length , ' he told the gold coast bulletin . after getting a quick measurement of the huge creature , mr muggeridge sent it back out to sea . he is pictured here watching the huge creature swim back out into the ocean . mr muggeridge ( left ) and alexia ( right ) were camping on the tweed coast when they were fishing . mr muggeridge said he decided to release the shark rather than getting the measurements necessary to prove the record because the animal was in distressed after being landed . photos show the young man in the shallows with the creature , dwarfed by the huge tiger shark . snapped by his girlfriend alexia , mr muggeridge said she was taking photos of him while he worked to get the marine animal back in the water and out to safety . he described the catch as a life-long goal , and said that by the end of the struggle he was completely wiped out . ' i collapsed on the beach and tried taking it all in . i had just achieved everything i had ever set out to . it was surreal . the time was 10.30am , meaning i was on the rod and reel for over 3 hours , ' mr muggeridge posted . aside from the exhaustion , and battle wounds the teenager also bent his antique rod during the fight , but said he would n't change it for anything . asked about the danger of being in such close proximity to a potentially deadly creature , mr muggeridge said he was n't too concerned . ' you take your chances , i 've been around enough sharks to have a basic understanding of how they work , ' he told daily mail australia . ' but at the end of the day you are dealing with a wild animal . ' max celebrates his catch , and its successful return to the sea .   