at least 400 migrants trying to reach europe from libya were killed after their boat capsized , it emerged tonight . it was also claimed the body of one migrant , who died on another boat making the perilous trip from north africa to italy , was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks . the stories emerged after more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the mediterranean over the past weekend . scroll down for video . rescued : the italian coast guard involved in a operation to rescue migrants off the coast of sicily on april 12 . treatment : a refugee is stretchered off an italian coast guard vessel in palermo harbour , italy on april 14 . a pregnant woman is helped off a boat at the sicilian porto empedocle harbor on monday . italy 's coast guard helped save 144 migrants monday from a capsized boat in the waters off libya . a red cross volunteer carries a baby wrapped in a blanket after migrants disembarked at the sicilian porto empedocle harbor italy on monday . charity save the children said the capsized boat , carrying about 550 people , flipped over around 24 hours after leaving the libyan coast . about 150 survivors – mostly from sub-saharan africa – were rescued and brought to an italian port on monday . before the weekend , more than 500 migrants had already died crossing the mediterranean so far this year . this number is a sharp rise from just 47 in the same period of 2014 , said the geneva-based international organisation for migration . more than 170,000 migrants arrived in italy last year after being packed on to boats by people smugglers . yesterday , it was alleged that a trafficker on one boat threw a migrant overboard after he died from asphyxiation in the hold of the vessel . witnesses said his body was attacked by sharks who had been following the boat . the suspected people smuggler , from guinea , was arrested in sicily after being rescued along with his 110 passengers , and it is thought he will also face manslaughter charges . in february , more than 300 people drowned while attempting the crossing in cold weather and rough seas . saved : rescued migrants onboard an italian finance guard boat in porto empedocle , sicily on april 12 . more than 170,000 migrants arrived in italy last year after being packed on to boats by people smugglers . calm weather : migrants on a coast guard boat arrive at the sicilian porto empedocle harbor , italy on monday . the italian coast guard taking part in a rescue operation off the coast of sicily on april 12 . more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the mediterranean over the past weekend . the number of migrant boats trying to reach the eu from africa has risen in recent weeks as fine weather makes the route safer . the total rescued since friday has now reached 8,480 , from more than 40 boats . the italian coast guard , navy ships and merchant vessels delivered migrants rescued from the boats to italian ports throughout yesterday . a pregnant woman on board one italian navy ship died during the journey to shore , and another pregnant migrant from eritrea gave birth . meanwhile , the eu’s frontex border agency said traffickers trying to recover a boat had fired shots into the air to warn away the coastguard – sparking concerns for the safety of rescue workers and migrants . save the children and other humanitarian groups have called for the eu to bolster its rescue operations before the number of boats soars in summer , as it usually does . the italian coast guard said monday it recovered nine bodies after a boat carrying more than 150 migrants sank off the coast libya . the number of migrant boats trying to reach the eu from africa has risen in recent weeks as fine weather makes the route safer . the total rescued since friday has now reached 8,480 , from more than 40 boats . migrants arrive at the sicilian porto empedocle harbor , italy on monday . the total rescued since friday has now reached 8,480 , from more than 40 boats . a migrant is wheeled to hospital in gwardamangia in malta after being flown to the island . the woman is believed to be somali . italy , which handles the largest number of migrant arrivals in the eu , has become increasingly alarmed about the breakdown of law and order in libya , which is home to two rival governments , loosely aligned militia forces and a growing militant islamist movement . giovanna di benedetto , a save the children official who assisted the new arrivals , told the times : ‘ a 17-year-old nigerian whose brother was killed by muslim fundamentalists told me he was tortured with electric shocks by traffickers because he didn’t have money to travel . many are now talking about fleeing fundamentalists . ’ dimitris avramopoulos , the eu’s commissioner for migration , said europe must adapt to deal with the rising numbers of migrants . ‘ the unprecedented influx of migrants at our borders , and in particular refugees , is unfortunately the new norm , ’ he said in brussels . more than 280,000 people entered the eu illegally last year . many travelled from syria , eritrea and somalia to libya , and then made the perilous journey across the sea to italy .