a former doctor charged with killing a yale university physician he once worked with has been found incompetent to stand trial for the second time . new haven superior court judge thomas o'keefe jr. ruled monday that 49-year-old lishan wang should be sent to connecticut valley hospital for treatment . in a court report submitted last month , mental health experts said wang displayed ' paranoid thinking ' and was ' guarded and suspicious ' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers . lishan wang was charged with murder in the shooting of yale university doctor vajinder toor outside his home in april 2010 . he was originally ruled incompetent in 2010 , but he was restored to competency after being treated at connecticut valley hospital . a new evaluation was ruled after a public defender filed a motion asking for the court to terminate wang 's self-representation . the ruling came after two mental health experts testified that wang is unable to rationally understand criminal proceedings or assist in his defense , according to the hartford courant . wang , a father of three , is charged with murder in the shooting of dr. vajinder toor , 34 , and shooting but missing toor 's then-pregnant wife outside the couple 's branford , connecticut , home in april 2010 . police say the shooting stemmed from a dispute the men had two years earlier while working together at a new york city hospital . wang , who represented himself at the hearing , is due back in court on may 21 . the report said that wang would not be able to ' establish an effective relationship with a defense attorney or to organize himself in a manner that he could be meaningfully understood by others ' in his current state . wang and toor worked together at kingsbrook jewish medical center in new york city , and wang had a history of confronting toor and other staff members before his dismissal in 2008 . toor ( pictured ) was shot outside of his branford , connecticut , home . after the shooting , wang was found in his van with documents referring to his dismissal from kingsbrook medical center in new york city , where it 's believed he had confrontations with toor . after the shooting , police found wang in his van with documents referring to his dismissal and others involved . they also found a wig , hammer , knife and about a thousand rounds of ammunition . in 2010 wang was originally ruled incompetent , but he was restored to competency after being treated at connecticut valley hospital . when a second competency evaluation was ordered earlier this year after chief public defender thomas j. ullmann filed a motion asking for the court to terminate wang 's self-representation . ullmann said that wang is mentally ill , which wang countered by accusing the public defenders of working against him . ' this is much more complicated because of particular issues in this case that it 's hard for me to figure out even where to start , ' o'keefe told the hartford courant . ' he chooses to represent himself , which he has a right to do , but it causes some problems on how to proceed . ' wang has asked to represent himself in his trial and accused the public defender 's office of working against him . while representing himself , wang will have an opportunity to cross-examine witnesses , call witnesses , make his own statements and testify on his own behalf . though wang did not testify at monday 's hearing , he referred to a rebuttal of the competency report in which he quoted dostoyevsky , socrates , richard nixon , abraham lincoln and alleged boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev , as well as recounts two parables . wang said that the experts misinterpreted his answers , misquoted him and lacked knowledge about his ' cultural background ' . one of the experts from the competency report , madelon baranoski , said that wang lost his ' path of rational thinking ' during the evaluation and that he suffers from ' a very serious mental illness ' . she added that his distrust of the public defender 's office was ' reaching psychotic proportions ' . ' it is our opinion that you need treatment , ' she said . police investigate the murder scene of yale university doctor vajinder toor in branford , connecticut , monday , april 26 , 2010 .