a 69-year-old mentally impaired man from connecticut celebrated walking free from jail today after spending more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife's grandmother . last month a court ruled richard lapointe , a former dishwasher , was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on friday , a judge ordered him to be freed on $ 25,000 cash bail . the former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his arms weakly raised in the air.in lieu of his prison jumpsuit , lapointe opted for a dark t-shirt over a dress shirt emblazoned with the words ' i did n't do it ' . he later described his release as ' wonderful ' and during a press conference he said he 'd always dreamed of going home . his attorney said he will stay under a 7pm to 7am curfew with a couple in east hartford . last month a court ruled richard lapointe , a former dishwasher , was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on friday , a judge ordered him to be freed on $ 25,000 cash bail . one of his first requests friday was for a steak dinner . he also expressed fascination with the smartphones reporters were using during the news conference . lapointe confessed to raping , strangling and stabbing 88-year-old bernice martin at her manchester apartment in 1989 and was sentenced in 1992 to life in prison without parole . lapointe 's lawyer and supporters said the evidence showed he could not have committed the crimes and his mental disability made him vulnerable to giving a false confession . his case became a cause celebre , receiving widespread publicity as advocates for the mentally disabled and other supporters - including writers arthur miller and william styron - rallied to prove his innocence . finally , last month the state supreme court ruled that lapointe was deprived of a fair trial because prosecutors failed to disclose notes by a police officer that may have supported an alibi defense . the former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his weakly arms raised in the air . in lieu of his prison jumpsuit , lapointe opted for a dark t-shirt over a dress shirt emblazoned with the words ' i did n't do it ' . the decision upheld an earlier ruling by the state appellate court , which in 2012 overturned lapointe 's convictions for capital felony murder , sexual assault and other crimes . the court ruled that lapointe be released or given a new trial . murder charges have been refiled but the prosecutor , gail hardy , said the state needs to review the evidence before deciding whether it can go forward with another trial . lapointe is due back in court on may 15 . on friday lapointe , wearing an orange prison jumpsuit , shackles and thick glasses , was hunched over and visibly shaking as he sipped from a cup of water in court . his supporters and attorneys say lapointe could not have committed the crime due to his disabilities . one of his first requests friday was for a steak dinner - he also expressed fascination with the smartphones reporters were using during the news conference . lapointe confessed to raping , strangling and stabbing 88-year-old bernice martin at her manchester apartment in 1989 and was sentenced in 1992 to life in prison without parole ( undated inmate photo above ) . he suffers from dandy-walker syndrome , which affects brain development and causes intellectual and physical impairments . they say lapointe , who confessed after nearly ten hours of police interrogation , was railroaded under pressure and that he barely understood what was happening to him . lapointe 's release was processed by court officials , and he was freed from custody in the afternoon . the judge rejected a request by prosecutors that lapointe wear an electronic monitoring bracelet . defense attorneys say their client can not drive and is barely able to walk , therefore he does not pose a flight risk . ' we are ecstatic that after all these years richard is finally being freed . ' this was a travesty of justice from the start , ' said kate germond , director of centurion ministries , a nonprofit organization that works to vindicate people who have been wrongfully convicted . ' he will finally get to sleep in a real bed and breathe some fresh air today for the first time since his unjust incarceration , ' she said .