an online campaign by woolworths has backfired spectacularly and led to accusations that the supermarket is trying to cash in on anzac day . woolworths launched ' fresh in our memories ' last week , inviting australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country , which it then branded with its logo and a ' fresh in our memories ' slogan . the supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded ' disrespectful ' and ' disgusting ' by social media users who unleashed a barrage of memes poking fun at woolworth 's attempt to embrace anzac day . an online campaign for woolworths has caused outrage on social media . ' fresh in our memories ' was launched just last week in the lead up to the anzac centenary . the campaign invites aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their facebook page , in memory of the men and women who have fought for their country . customers took to facebook and twitter to vent their anger over the campaign . one appalled consumer threatened to boycott the store , writing on the woolworths facebook page : ' hey woolworths , my family did not fight and die in the wars for you to hijack the anzac tradition with that tasteless promo . take it down now please or my money 's going elsewhere . ' the campaign was branded ' disrespectful ' and ' disgusting ' . supermarket customers took to facebook and twitter to vent their anger . the supermarket has been inundated with comments like this one . another wrote : ' your latest anzac campaign is absolutely disgusting . trying to use the memory of our diggers for advertising is reprehensible ! pull the campaign and apologise ! ' the campaign unleashed a barrage of memes with social media , with many using leading political figures such as prime minister tony abbott , kevin rudd , john howard and jacqui lambie to mock the supermarket . a spokeswoman for woolworths told daily mail australia on tuesday night that ' fresh in our memories ' is not a marketing strategy . ' it is a website designed in consultation with the rsl for people to share their photos , stories and memories , ' she said . ' as one of australia 's largest employers , woolworths has spent months collecting stories from our staff for the site . all profits from the sale of merchandise on the site goes to the rsl . ' we are proud to support the rsl and our diggers . like all australians , we pay our respects to service people past and present . ' our small logo on the site is in line with other corporately sponsored centenary of anzac activity . ' twitter was flooded with memes of the woolworths campaign . pictured is prime minister tony abbott . this meme shows former australian prime minister kevin rudd . other memes were of bill cosby ( top right ) , adolf hitler ( top left ) and other well-known figures . the spokeswoman later confirmed the website had been taken down . ' the site was developed to give our staff and customers a place to put their stories to mark the centenary of anzac , ' she said . ' we regret that our branding on the picture generator has caused offense , this was clearly never our intention . like many heritage australian companies , we were marking our respect for anzac and our veterans . ' we continue to be proud supporters of the rsl and camp gallipoli in this important year and look forward to working with them into the future . '