a newlywed husband who was stabbed to death in a hotel room had solicited his murderer during a craigslist exchange for gay sex , according to new court records on thursday . jamyra gallmon , 21 , has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt , 30 , on february 9 in washington , d.c . the woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him . scroll down for video . jamyra gallmon , 21 , ( pictured graduating from her military academy high school ) has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death 30-year-old david messerschmitt on february 9 . david messerschmitt ( pictured with his wife kim ) was found dead in his dc hotel room in february . an affidavit revealed on thursday that he had been soliciting sex from men through craigslist . according to gallmon , who was seen on surveillance camera entering the hotel wearing androgynous clothing including black boots , black pants and a black hooded jacket , the room door was open when she arrived . the affidavit stated that the pair got into a struggle and the defendant pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed the victim repeatedly until he fell to the floor where she stabbed him several more times . the victim was found with multiple stab wounds to the back , groin and abdomen along with one wound which pierced his heart and another which hit his spinal cord . his hands had been bound with zip-ties into a pair of makeshift cuffs . his hands were covered in defensive wounds . messerschmitt had texted his wife kim vuong at 7.45pm on february 9 to tell her he would be home in an hour after leaving his law office . he never returned and the next day he was found dead at his hotel room with ' various credit cards strewn about ' . he death was declared a homicide . among the items recovered from the room were a computer , lubricant , condoms , cell phone and enema kit , fox dc reported . fingerprints were also found in the room . investigators discovered that messerschmitt had posted a craigslist ad on february 9 , soliciting responses from other men , using 'dcguy456 ' . the lawyer began an exchange with an individual , using the name 'chrissanchez0906 ' , around 2pm which continued throughout the day . messerschmitt told the individual his room number at the hotel and gave a meeting time of 7pm - 7.30pm . the email address that the lawyer had been in contact with was linked to gallmon . on a search of the woman 's dc apartment , police found a knife , black boots and gloves , and a pack of zip ties . a discussion in the comments section of a queerty.com article about mr messerschmitt 's murder in february included users referencing interactions with an individual using the handle 'dcguy456 ' . one commenter said that 'dcguy456 ' had previously posted on the 'm4m ' ( men for men ) section of craigslist and identified himself as bisexual . another individual 's post claimed that he had exchanged emails with 'dcguy456'and met up with him several years ago . a woman has been arrested in connection to the murder of 30-year-old washington , dc lawyer david messerschmitt . above , the ' person of interest ' who was caught on surveillance video entering the hotel where messerschmitt was killed on february 9 . police confirmed that this was gallmon . jamyra gallmon attended forestville military academy in maryland and was an exemplary student , a teacher said on thursday . according to an affidavit , it is believed that mr messerschmitt got her to come to his hotel room believing that he was soliciting a man . gallmon made an initial appearance on the felony murder charge superior court in dc on thursday . the 21-year-old attended the forestville military academy in maryland , a coach toldfox 5 on thursday and had been an exemplary student . she graduated in 2011 . her mother told nbc that her daughter had never been in trouble before and had an ambition to join the military . coach and teacher , vincent mcduffie , told the station that she had wanted to play basketball in college but had suffered a knee injury . he said that her supportive family always turned up to watch her high school games . according to the police report , messerchmitt left his work at law film , dla piper , around 5.30pm on february 9 and texted his wife a couple of hours later to say he would back at their capitol hill home in an hour . the couple reportedly had not seen each other since february 8 , but vuong did n't think anything seemed wrong with her husband . she reported him missing at midnight , saying it was unlike him to disappear and that usually he got home before her . messerschmitt was found dead in his room the next day and pronounced dead at the scene . authorities have arrested a washington , dc woman named jamyra gallmon for the crime . on the left , another view of the person of interest on cctv and on the right , messerschmitt . police sources told nbc washington that the woman in the surveillance video is gallmon . messerschmitt texted his wife kim vuong on february 9 that he would be home in an hour but never showed . it appears he had gone to the donovan hotel after arranging to have sex with an individual on craigslist who he believed to be a man . gallmon 's mother said that her 21-year-old daughter ( pictured ) had never been in trouble before and had an ambition to join the military . she told police she stabbed the lawyer multiple times , according to an affidavit . last week , messerchmitt 's wife gave an emotional speech , asking for help in finding her husband 's killer . ' the world has lost a good person . david 's family : a son and brother , and i have lost everything : my husband and my best friend . in one day , i lost the most important person in my life and the man i loved so much . and i have no answers , ' she said . a cincinnati native , messerchmitt attended ohio state university where he met his wife . he went on to study law at boston university before working at a firm in chicago . he then worked at two more firms in the d.c. area before transferring to dla piper last year , as a specialist in intellectual property law . emotional : last week , messerschmitt 's wife , kim vuong , held a press conference , asking for help in locating her husband 's killer . gallmon told police she had gone to the donovan hotel ( pictured ) with the intention of robbing mr messerchmitt . he was found stabbed to death in his hotel room on february 10 .