when the ultra-rich splash out on a new superyacht , they expect it to come with all the latest accessories . and that 's exactly what they get with the 223ft explorer , which comes with its own helipad , infinity pool and plenty for space for supercar and jetski storage . with space for 12 lucky guests on board , the concept yacht from british yacht designer tony castro is the ultimate toy for the extremely wealthy and has been dubbed the ' range rover of the seas ' . the 223ft explorer is an exclusive superyacht which comes with its own helipad and car storage as well as space for 12 guests . for those who do n't fancy taking a dip in the sea , there is an infinity pool on deck which is two decks deep . for those who would rather board unseen , there is a helipad and helicopter storage as well as space for a submarine . it was designed to withstand any weather conditions and is sturdy enough to circumnavigate the globe - all while looking incredibly stylish , of course . when it comes to transporting all those extras any cruising millionaire needs to hand , there 's plenty of space for all of them . the company explains : ' with a large carrying capacity for toys and tenders , she is capable of carrying a helicopter in a climate controlled garage , twin limo tenders , car , submarine , jetskis , paddleboards and a variety of inflatables water toys . ' once the helicopter has landed , it can be store din a climate-controlled garage area . there is storage for jetskis and a submarine on the decks , while leaving plenty of other areas free for passengers . but of course , the life of the ultra-wealthy comes at a cost . according to tony castro design , the superyacht costs approximately 40million euros ( around £29million/ $ 43million ) to build , which means it is likely to cost even more to purchase . while the yacht has been designed with ' rugged utilitarian-looking aesthetics ' , it is actually a sumptuous retreat at sea . for the 12 guests , there is space on the yacht for 15 crew , ensuring there is nothing always someone on hand to make sure the journey goes smoohtly . the layout means there are a huge variety of different areas for guests to retreat to , ensuring they do n't get fed up with each other while sailing around the world . and for those who ca n't bear to leave their convertible at home , they can even bring their car on board . special sundecks open out form the yacht , providing areas for loungers , complete with ladders down into the sea in case guests want to cool off in the water . unfortunately for most , the superyacht costs 40million euros to build , meaning it will retail for even more . the designers explain : ' her unique layout holds a full beam enclosed observation deck with opening roof , cinema , beach club , sauna , scuba diving pool , gymnasium , pool , wine cellar and ample space to accommodate a total of 12 guests . ' and of course , there are all the other luxurious finishing touches you would expect to find on board . the guests of honour can enjoy accommodation in the master cabin or vip suite , while others can choose between four other double guest cabins . there are also plenty of ' terrace ' area , with sunloungers , giving the impression of sitting on the beach as the water laps the sands . in reality , the wooden areas just out into the sea with ladders down so guests can take a dip to cool off whenever they wish . and the entire design is offset with panoramic windows offering views across the ocean . the sleek yacht is a design by tony castro , who is base din the hamble , hampshire , which is known as a true home of yachting . 