from ' here 's you a piece of pizza ' to ' this glass needs washed ' , every state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the english-speaking world . in new york , for instance , there 's a tendency to use the word ' so ' for drama , such as ' i 'm so totally over this . ' some people in san jose think nothing of saying ' did n't nobody help him ' , while florida residents can be heard using the phrase , ' i ai n't never had no trouble with none of 'em . ' click on a location marker in the map below to hear common phrases for each state . all of my clothes needs washed - idaho . ..and wad n't anybody home but me - alabama . don’t none of y’all work as hard as i do - virginia . we all use night-crawlers anymore - iowa . i so might run this [ race ] with you - california . i ai n't never had no trouble with none of 'em - florida . you are so in the doghouse for that on - new york . twitter can be a professional job anymore - nebraska . now researchers at yale university have revealed these patterns by documenting the subtle differences in sentence structure across the us . their interactive map allows you to click on a location and see common phrases for a region , as well as its source . while the map focuses on the us , it also has a small amount of data for the uk , with sentences such as ' yer lugs needs washed ' used in scotland and ' ne mon nule don hum no good ' , in aylesbury . ' unlike variation in phonology ( often referred to as accent ) and in the lexicon ( different words ) , variation in grammatical systems within english has for the most part not been systematically investigated , ' says larry horn , professor of linguistics and philosophy at yale university . ' this variation may be found among speakers who live in a certain geographical region , or who belong to a certain age group , or to a particular social or ethnic group , ' he adds . during the past year , members of the project have been conducting nationwide surveys using an online crowdsourcing platform asking for people 's judgment on sentences . the researchers were not interested in what is considered to be correct grammar , but in what people do naturally . as well as the map , the team has also created a comprehensive guide that lists the different types of sentence structures used . one of the most interesting discoveries are presentative sentences like ' here 's you a water bottle . ' ' that sentence just floored me , ' says postdoctoral associate jim wood , a yale university lecturer in linguistics . ' it seemed very alien and different to me . ' the overall pattern was clear ; in the south people found that sentence to be completely normal , while in the north , it was almost unheard of . from ' here 's you a piece of pizza ' to ' this glass needs washed ' , every state has its own phrases that can seem odd to the rest of the world . ' it 's a reason did n't nobody help him ' , is a common sentence structure used in san jose , claims the study authors at yale university . while the map focuses on the us , it also has a small amount of data for the uk , with sentences such as ' yer lugs needs washed ' used in scotland ( left ) and ' ne mon nule don hum no good ' , in aylesbury . and new york is n't the only region that uses ' so ' to add emphasis to a sentence . londoners also appear to have picked up the habit ( right ) . ' it was pretty stunning , and it turns out you can do it with `` where '' as well . `` where 's me a screwdriver ? '' or `` where 's me a place to eat around here ? '' ' he added . other notable examples include ‘don’t none of y’all work as hard as i do’ in virginia ; ‘ we all use night-crawlers anymore’ in iowa ; and ‘ i ai n't never had no trouble with none of 'em’ in florida . meanwhile , people in new haven sometimes use ' so do n't i ' , such as in the sentence , ' he plays guitar , but so do n't i ' . linguistics professor raffaella zanuttini explained that there is also a social implication to this research . ' often people are convinced that there is a right way of speaking a language and a wrong way of speaking that language . ' from the point of view of a linguist , that is really off the mark for many reasons , ' she says . ' we linguists can see through this , because we have a more scientific approach to language , ' says zanuttini . ' we believe that creating an awareness of what we consider to be basic facts about language can have a positive social effect , by making people aware that they are expressing a negative evaluation of others . ' in new york , as well as california , the map shows there 's a tendency to use the word ' so ' for drama , such as ' i 'm so totally over this ' . linguistics professor raffaella zanuttini explained that there is also a social implication to this research . ' we believe that creating an awareness of what we consider to be basic facts about language can have a positive social effect , by making people aware that they are expressing a negative evaluation of others , ' she said . on the left is an example of a phrase used in arizona , and on the right , ohio . an interesting find in pennsylvania was use of ' this glass needs washed ' which echoes the scottish use of ' yer lugs needs washed ' .