steven howie ( pictured ) left his girlfriend with 18 injuries after assaulting her over a period of an hour in the room at a lonely inn on new year 's eve . a thug beat up his girlfriend so badly after a cancelled new year 's eve party that their hotel room resembled a ' bloodbath ' , a court has heard . steven howie , 28 , of dunfermline , left his girlfriend karen murray , 31 , with 18 separate injuries after assaulting her over an hour . howie , a joiner , punched , kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault , smashed furnishings , and pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges . because the inn was so isolated miss murray was unable to get a signal to call police and officers only arrived after guests in another room dialled 999 . stirling sheriff court heard that howie and miss murray had been dating for about four months when they checked into the carronbridge hotel , in the campsie fells . the court heard they then travelled into stirling for hogmanay celebrations at stirling castle , which were meant to have been headlined by the waterboys . lindsey brooks , prosecuting , said that ' alcohol was consumed ' and at one point there was an argument about howie speaking to another female . miss brooks said the argument was quickly resolved , but the stirling castle event was cancelled due to bad weather and the pair took a taxi back to the hotel about 10.30pm . when they got back to their room howie began to shout and swear at miss murray calling her a whore and a liar . the depute fiscal said : ' miss murray said it came out of the blue . the accused then punched her in the face , causing her nose to bleed , punched her in the stomach , and kneed her in the back numerous times . the couple were staying at the carronbridge hotel ( pictured ) when he beat her in a brutal and sustained attack . ' miss murray was unsure how long this went on for , but she was able eventually to get the accused out of the room and lock the door . ' she was unable to call the police because of poor phone reception . ' a couple staying in the room next door heard a disturbance ongoing on and off for about an hour . they heard male voice being abusive , and banging , and a female crying . ' the court heard half an hour later the couple heard a male voice saying ' open the door , i 'll kill you ' and a woman shouting ' go away ' . they phoned police who found howie in the hotel car park , heavily intoxicated , with blood on his t-shirt . miss murray was still in the room , which had been wrecked . mrs brooks said : ' there was blood on the carpet , on the bedding and in the bathroom . ' the bathroom door had been pulled off its hinges and a shower door had been broken . the bed and bedding were in disarray , and there were smashed lampshades . ' miss murray was crying . there was also a hole in the bedroom wall . ' howie was arrested and initially gave a false name and date of birth and made no comment to police . miss murray was taken to hospital in larbert , stirlingshire , where a police surgeon found she had suffered 18 separate injuries . they included a bruising under the eyes and on the nose , damaged lips , scratches , and bruises to her jaw , both arms and both shoulders , her leg and thigh and her abdominal wall . according to the police surgeon , they were the result of ' moderate to severe force ' . the pair were due to attend hogmanay celebrations at stirling castle ( pictured ) on new year 's eve last year . howie has now admitted threatening violence , assaulting and injuring miss murray , causing damage to the room , and giving a false name to police . his defence agent james moncrieff said today : ' since this incident , mr howie has not consumed any alcohol . ' he is extremely remorseful and recognises that this is a very serious offence . ' the report makes clear that mr howie has had a troubled background . ' mr moncrieff told the court that howie and his girlfriend are planning on rekindling their relationship . he added : ' he accepts and she accepts that they are both going to have to address what happened on the night in question . ' sheriff wyllie robertson told howie : ' i have taken account of all that has been said on your behalf . ' i am told that your partner who is the complainer , appears to wish to continue a relationship with you , that is a factor that i have taken into account . ' these offences are examples of sustained violence . ' sheriff robertson said that ' in relation to the circumstances of the offences ' and despite the complainers desire to continue the relationship , there is ' no alternative to a custodial sentence . ' he sentenced howie to eight months in prison .