arsenal goalkeeper david ospina has a premier league win ratio of 91.7 per cent - the highest of any player to have made at least 10 appearances . following the gunners ' 1-0 win against burnley at turf moor on saturday , the colombia international took his tally to 11 wins from 12 games since he displaced wojciech szczesny as no 1 in january . ospina has kept six clean sheets in those 12 games with his only defeat coming against tottenham in the north london derby on february 7 to boast an impressive win percentage . but who else makes the top 10 ? ospina has the highest win ratio of any premier league player to make more than 10 appearances . the arsenal goalkeeper has won 11 of his 12 games in the league since displacing wojciech szczesny . former manchester city defender stefan savic ( right ) won 10 of his 11 games in the league before being sold . former manchester city defender stefan savic , who was deemed not good enough after making just 11 premier league appearances before being sold to fiorentina , is second behind ospina . the montenegro international has a win ratio of 90.9 per cent after appearing on the losing side just once during his only season with the premier league champions . gerard pique , who spent four years at manchester united , makes up the top three after winning 10 of his 12 premier league games before rejoining barcelona and going on to win countless trophies , including a world cup with spain . gerard pique made 12 premier league appearances for manchester united , winning 10 of them . arjen robben posts an impressive 82.1 per cent win ration in the premier league from 67 matches . asier del horno won 20 times during his only season in the premier league with chelsea in 2005-06 . arjen robben has arguably the most impressive stats of any player on the list for the number of appearances he made for chelsea during a three-year spell . the bayern munich winger was on the winning side an incredible 55 times from his 67 games giving him a win ration of 82.1 per cent . another former chelsea player asier del horno is fifth on the list with 80 per cent and is followed by current arsenal right back hector bellerin with 78.6 . arsenal right back hector bellerin ( left ) has won 11 of his 14 league games this season . manchester united forward james wilson has won 10 of 13 appearances in the league . igor stepanov made 17 appearances for arsenal in the early 2000s and won 13 matches . manchester united 's 19-year-old striker james wilson has only failed to be on the winning side three times from his 13 appearances putting him seventh on the list , while former arsenal defender igor stepanovs ' 76.5 per cent is enough to put him eighth . nacho monreal , currently preferred to kieran gibbs as arsenal left back , has won 43 games from his 57 appearances for arsene wenger 's side . united defender paddy mcnair sneaks into the top 10 with 75 per cent having featured 12 times under louis van gaal this season , winning nine . when did ospina join arsenal ? arsenal signed ospina from ligue 1 side nice last summer . the 26-year-old made close to 200 appearances for the french club during six seasons . how much did arsenal pay for him ? originally signed as back-up and competition for wojciech szczesny after the gunners no 2 lukasz fabianski joined swansea , ospina cost a paltry £3million . is he of international calibre ? ospina had won 52 caps for colombia and impressed during their run to the world cup quarter-final in brazil last summer . when did ospina make his first appearance for arsenal ? ospina made his debut for arsenal in a 2-1 defeat by southampton in the third round of the capital one cup back in september and only made one further appearance in the champions league before 2015 . when did he displace wojciech szczesny as no 1 ? ospina was recalled to the starting line-up as arsenal beat hull 2-0 in the fa cup third round in january after szczesny was at fault for both goals during a 2-0 defeat by southampton . it later emerged that the poland goalkeeper was caught smoking in the showers after the game . ospina kept his place for the league game the following week and has played every premier league match since . did you know ... ospina is brother-in-law to real madrid midfielder and colombia team-mate james rodriguez . the former monaco star married ospina 's sister daniela in 2011 . 