sales of a burberry poncho ( modelled by cara delevigne ) carrying a personal monogram and costing more than £1,000 have helped boost profits . the poncho originated as a rather humble garment worn by south american tribes and later featured on the back of clint eastwood in the spaghetti westerns . however , sales of a designer-label version carrying a personal monogram and costing more than £1,000 have been central to a sales boom at the very british prestige brand burberry . the ponchos - together with heritage trench coats and scarves - have boosted burberry sales by 10 per cent over the winter . the wool-and-cashmere designs , which were first modelled on the catwalk by cara delevingne , were a huge success among celebrities before christmas . famous names including victoria beckham , rosie huntington-whiteley , sienna miller and sarah jessica parker were all seen sporting the ponchos , each monogrammed with their initials . and while the original inspiration for the designs may have been a rather modest attempt to keep out harsh weather , there was nothing modest about the burberry version . the basic asking price was £895 , while 70 per cent of sales went to customers who wanted their initials monogrammed on to the weave at the cost of an extra £200 . the firm said its scarves and trench coats were a hit with customers and ‘ investment and innovation in ponchos drove exceptional growth’ . chief financial officer , carol fairweather , described the impact of the ponchos as ‘phenomenal’ and suggested new variants are in the pipeline adding : ‘there’s lots more to come from the poncho story . ’ the british brand has become a global success with sales up 10 per cent for the six months to the end of march compared to the year before , taking from up to £1.42 billion . sales were particularly strong in the uk and europe , not least because hordes of tourists from china flocked here to buy designer clothes and bags . currency fluctuations meant its trademark coats and scarves were up to 50 per cent cheaper in european cities than hong kong , where the chinese traditionally shop for luxury merchandise . actresses sarah jessica parker ( pictured left ) and sienna miller ( right ) both own the burberry poncho . model suki waterhouse ( pictured left ) and socialite olivia palermo ( right ) both have monogrammed versions . such was the price gap that chinese entrepreneurs have been snapping up huge quantities of luxury label merchandise in europe and then shipping it back to china to sell at a profit on the grey market . today bosses at burberry suggested they plan to follow other luxury brands , such as chanel and cartier , and harmonise prices around the globe to stop this happening . this could mean some price increases in europe and falls in the far east . burberry’s success has leaned heavily on a marketing campaign featuring celebrity british models . cara delvigne starred in commercials for its trench coats and also appeared alongside kate moss promoting the new my burberry fragrance . around 70 per cent of the my burberry bottles were monogrammed , a service the brand offers for free , suggesting personalisation of luxury products is a huge draw for consumers . twelve-year-old romeo beckham featured in a popular pre-christmas campaign and suki waterhouse , the english model and actress , was the face of the brand’s beauty range . burberry saw ‘ double digit’ sales growth in the united states and europe and trading was particularly buoyant in britain , france and italy , from both locals and tourists . models led by cara delevigne wear the poncho on the burberry catwalk ( left ) while british model rosie rosie huntington-whiteley wore hers on a recent shopping trip , specially monogrammed with her initials . richard hunter , of hargreaves lansdown stockbrokers , said : ‘ burberry remains in fashion following a trading update which underscores its ability to capitalise on its chosen markets . ‘ the overall picture is extremely healthy – the strength of the digital contribution , particular product growth in the likes of the iconic trench coats and scarves and pleasing performances from the americas and most of europe . ‘ in addition , the company is well positioned for future , selective growth in terms of both stores and lines , such as beauty . ‘ it seems that everything about burberry is premium – its brand , its products and perhaps of late its share price – a 25 per cent increase over the last year compares to a 7.5 per cent rise for the wider ftse100 . ’ chief executive christopher bailey , who took over from angela ahrendts in may last year , said new products had helped to boost sales . ‘ we are pleased to report a robust second half performance , despite an uncertain external environment , ’ he said . ‘ we anticipate external challenges will continue in the current year , but remain confident in our long-term strategy to build the burberry brand and business globally . ’ chief executive christopher bailey ( pictured ) said new products have helped to boost burberry 's sales .