tax adviser duncan hodgetts ( pictured ) , from birmingham , west midlands , fell to his death from a manhattan building . a british tax advisor has plunged more than 100ft to his death from an apartment window in a suspected suicide while on a business trip to new york . duncan hodgetts , 25 , fell from the 14th floor window of the executive plaza building in midtown manhattan at 8.30am yesterday morning . he was found on a third-floor balcony of the neighboring michelangelo hotel , near the rockefeller center , and was pronounced dead at the scene . it is understood the tax specialist for ernst and young , based in birmingham , had been on a business trip when he fell from the balcony of one of the corporate apartments . an nypd spokesman said they were treating his death as suicide . he said : ' officers were called at about 8.29am to the michelangelo hotel to reports a man had jumped to his death . ' his body was found on the third floor balcony of the hotel and he was pronounced deceased at the scene . ' detectives from the mid-district precinct contacted his family and we are not treating the incident as suspicious . ' it is being treated as suicide and there are no further investigations into the matter at this stage . ' a doorman at a nearby hotel confirmed to mailonline that a body was removed from the apartment building at 11am on monday . in a statement ernst and young said : ' we are very saddened to hear of the death of our colleague , duncan hodgetts . the 25-year-old reportedly fell from a 14th floor apartment window at the executive plaza building ( pictured ) at 8.30am on monday . a spokesman for the new york police department said they were treating mr hodgetts ' death as suicide . tax adviser duncan hodgetts ( pictured ) , from birmingham , west midlands , worked for accountancy firm ernst and young . ' the matter is being investigated by the new york police department and they can expect our full cooperation . ' our thoughts and prayers are with duncan 's family , friends and colleagues . ' the michelangelo hotel refused to comment on the death because mr hodgetts was not a guest of the hotel . staff at executive plaza did not recognize mr hodgetts from photographs and referred questions to the building superintendent who was not immediately available for comment . the executive plaza at rockefeller center offer extended-stay , furnished apartments , from studios to two-bedrooms . a family member who answered the door at mr hodgett 's £166,000 house that he shared with his parents anthony , 65 , and sally , 62 , in shirley , west midlands , said they were too upset to talk . ' it is all too raw at the moment , ' he said . a neighbour , who did not wish to be named , added : ' he was such a lovely man and was driven by his work . ' you would see him come home at all hours but he always had a smile on his face and made time for you . ' mr hodgetts was found on a third-floor balcony of the neighbouring michelangelo hotel on w 51stst and was declared dead at the scene . it is understood the tax specialist for ernst and young ( offices pictured ) had been on a business trip when he fell from the balcony of the hotel . mr hodgetts shared this £166,000 home with his parents anthony , 65 , and sally , 62 , in shirley , west midlands . mr hodgetts ' linkedin page says that he had worked for ernst and young since september 2011 . another neighbour , who did not want to be named , said : ' i 'm completely shocked . i have children the same age and my son grew up with him . ' i was just thinking the other day that i had n't seen him in a while . ' he was such a lovely young man . very quiet and very polite . i do n't know if he had any children but as far as i know he was n't married . ' mr hodgetts ' linkedin profile reveals that he had worked for ernst and young since september 2011 . he also attended durham university where he graduated with a bachelor of science in physics . before that he went to king edward vi camp hill grammar school for boys in kings heath , birmingham , between 2001 and 2008 . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .