wallace , the chelsea defender on-loan at vitesse arnhem , has been released without charge after being questioned by police on ‘ suspicion of a sexual offence’ . the 20-year-old , who has been loaned out to fluminense and inter milan since he signed for chelsea in january 2013 , was with vitesse’s squad for their trip to excelsior and fined by the dutch club . ‘ wallace wo n't be in the selection for the match against excelsior , ’ a statement from vitesse read . wallace is pictured in action for chelsea during their pre-season tour of indonesia back in july 2013 . ‘ the brazilian defender was arrested last night in the centre of arnhem on suspicion of an offence . ‘ based on the fact that he is to refrain from going out in the 48 hours before a match , vitesse immediately decided wallace will be out of the team and will receive a maximum fine . ‘ vitesse has no further announcements . ’ while the dutch club refused to comment on the nature of the offence which led to the arrest , a police spokesman is quoted by local media as saying it was 'sexual’ . the 20-year-old right back is pictured playing for dutch side vitesse arnhem in february of this year . ‘ we still do n't know what exactly happened , ’ police spokesman paul koetsier told rtl . ‘ that must be found out during the investigation . ‘ we ca n't make it more concrete than a suspicion of a sexual offence . maybe there will me more information later today . ’ wallace is on a season-long loan at vitesse . the dutch outfit enjoy a close relationship with the blues and the club’s owner alexander chigrinsky is an associate of roman abramovich . wallace , a brazilian under-20 international , made his debut for jose mourinho’s side during their summer tour of asia in 2013 before his season on loan at inter . he made only three appearances for the serie a club before being sent to vitesse . wallace , who signed for chelsea in january 2013 , is on a season-long loan at vitesse ( right ) . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .