in a retweet on thursday , a staffer to real estate magnate donald trump managed to capture the coarsest background conversations americans are having about former secretary of state hillary clinton 's personal baggage . he may now be looking for a new job . ' if hillary clinton ca n't satisfy her husband , ' a texas-cowgirl college student tweeted , ' what makes her think she can satisfy america ? ' when someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included trump 's twitter handle in the message , one of the billionaire 's staffers retweeted it for him – to his audience of 2.8 million people . scroll down for video . the internet is forever : a social media staffer to donald trump retweeted an off-color jab at hillary clinton on thursday before the boss deleted it . trump , a multibillionaire who 's considering a presidential run , will be in new hampshire on saturday – where the episode will likely come up . satisfied ? bill clinton ( left ) was a famous lothario during his presidency , even carrying on one affair with a white house intern . time elapsed : less than three hours . his office confirmed on friday that it was a trump employee , not a fat-fingered ceo , who was responsible . ' mr . trump was not responsible for this tweet , ' a spokesperson told daily mail online . ' it was retweeted by one of ten staff members that periodically help execute on mr. trump’s various social media platforms . ' ' as soon as mr. trump saw the tweet he deleted it , ' the spokesperson added . hillary clinton 's once-strained relationship with her philandering husband is n't likely to be the stuff of tv ads in the 2016 presidential race , but the tweet suggests an undercurrent of crude jokes are being made at her expense . sawyer burmeister , a texas equestrian champion , originated the line about hillary clinton 's alleged inability to ' satisfy ' her randy husband bill . bill clinton , the 42nd u.s. president , had an affair with a white house intern named monica lewinsky . he also famously caroused with other women who were not his wife , going back to his days as the governor of arkansas . a recent book about the staff who run the white house residence recounted a butler 's story about hearing hillary throw an object at him during the height of the lewinsky saga . taylor burmeister , who wrote the tweet about hillary failing to satisfy bill , deleted it just before noon on friday , along with a second message . ' sry to those offended by me merely making a political joke , ' she had tweeted in a follow-up . ' get some rest , there are more important things in the world to be worried about . ' she assured daily mail online in an email that no one fro , the trump camp had asked her to delete the tweets . ' i deleted them by choice because of the negative backlash i was receiving , ' she said . ' i did n't even know donald trump had retweeted it until about an hour ago . ' burmeister confirmed to daily mail online that she had deleted her tweets because of a nasty backlash . she originally offered an apology to people who were offended , but it apparently was n't enough for some . burmeister is no stranger to media attention . a world champion equestrian , she also had a bit part last year in an episode of the reboot of the ' dallas ' tv drama . and she 's a pre-law student studying criminal justice at tarleton state university in texas , according to her social media profiles . trump 's retweet might have disappeared if a snarky twitter user had n't made a screen capture on his phone . ' hey @ realdonaldtrump – in case you 're looking for that tweet you deleted , ' he wrote , ' i got it right here . ' hillary clinton 's campaign did not respond to requests for comment .