those who wore it risked being called a ' mushroom head ' by the less fashion forward at school but that has n't prevented the bowl cut from making an unlikely comeback . the statement nineties chop , made famous by jim carrey’s lloyd christmas in dumb and dumber , has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years - from rihanna and robert pattinson to lena dunham and miley cyrus - and is spreading like wildfire among hipsters . one chain of british barber shops has reported a whopping 200 per cent surge in requests for the almost universally unflattering cut , with men queuing around the corner for their turn to get the snip . the statement 90s chop , made famous by by jim carrey’s lloyd christmas in dumb and dumber ( right ) , has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years , including robert pattinson ( left ) . ' we have been really surprised by the popularity of the bowl cut , ' admits headcase director martin nobbs . 'we’ve even had women coming into the barbers asking for the traditionally male style . it’s fast becoming the 2015 hipster trend . ' the craze may have been fuelled in part by the release of dumb and dumber to , the recent sequel to the 1994 cult hit , in which jim carrey hung on to his character 's trademark chop . indeed , twilight heartthrob rob pattinson surprised everyone last november when he adopted the bowl cut , the same month the film came out . members of the public take the plunge and opt for a bowl haircut . headcase barbers ( pictured ) has tipped the style as a must-have look for summer 2015 . girls star lena dunham drew a similar gasp from commentators last year when she unveiled her own platinum blonde version on instagram , stating : ' change is good . ' miley cyrus has also enjoyed a brief flirtation with the bowl cut , hers being eerily similar in nature to the one sported by backstreet boys ' nick carter back in the nineties , when miley was just a child . and who could forget justin bieber , who burst onto the scene in 2007 with a sweepy bowl cut so beloved by his fans that he broke hearts around the world when he later chopped it off . other brave stars to have tried the style on for size over the years include rihanna , kelis , jessie j , agnes deyn and kelly osbourne . what 's more , says mr nobbs , another nineties style is also becoming increasingly popular , although ' the classic curtains style ' still has some way to go before it hits the heights of the bowl cut . ' we 've seen a bit of a resurgence from that nineties style as well , ' he explains . ' the classic curtains have been spotted recently on the likes of liam hemsworth , zayn malik and johnny depp as well . ' lena dunham surprised her fans last year when she unveiled her own platinum blonde version on instagram , stating , ' change is good ' . agyness deyn was famed for her raven version in 2010 . rihanna added a dash of dark to her blonde bowl cut in 2010 . jessie j went for a very blunt version in early 2014 and american boy singer estelle added a red tint to hers . miley cyrus is never one to shy away from a bold new look , pictured in august 2014 . kelis glammed up her bowl cut with gold accessories in 2008 . nick carter had one of the original 90s bowl cuts in 1997 . style icon kelly osbourne wore a bowl cut for years , including here in 2005 . justin bieber spawned thousands of bowl cut copycats when he first found fame , seen here with the style in 2010 . johnny depp and zayn malik have both been spotted out and about with curtains . liam hemsworth shows off a pair of curtains during an appearance at an awards show last month .