forecasters cautioned millions of people in middle america to keep an eye to the sky wednesday and thursday amid threats of hail , high winds and strong tornadoes . the storm prediction center , in a midday update to its forecast wednesday , upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - while stressing that a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern oklahoma to central missouri . strong storms swamped indianapolis , cincinnati and charleston , west virginia , at midday wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of west texas . scroll down for video . warning : some 34 million midwesterners have been warned of possible powerful tornadoes as a dangerous thunderstorms pummeled the region wednesday and into thursday . not over : a driver in a lifted four wheel drive truck negotiates the deep flood waters on south shore drive east of green briar lane after a severe thunderstorm and tornado warning passed through the northeast side of monroe county , indiana wednesday . indiana state police said high winds toppled a tractor-trailer on interstate 69 near evansville , while utilities reported a number of power outages after wind gusts reached 70 mph . fewer than 1 million people were in wednesday 's ' moderate risk ' area between wichita , kansas , and jefferson city , missouri , but 34 million were under at least a slight risk of seeing damaging winds , large hail and possibly a tornado . emergency managers in kansas and illinois huddled separately to address the approaching storms . kansas officials warned that hail could be the size of baseballs , while illinois officials told residents they should be prepared to seek shelter if bad weather arrives . this car saw the wrong end of a couple of the giant hail stones that fell on johnson county , kentucky on wednesday . big stones : hail the size of baseballs battered missouri , kentucky and kansas earlier wednesday and threatened to do more damage wednesday night and into thursday . these fell to earth in morgan county , kentucky around 3pm central on wednesday . rolling through : strong storms swamped indianapolis , cincinnati and charleston , west virginia , at midday wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of west texas ( map courtesy weather channel ) . pressure : this noaa satellite image taken wednesday showing areas of low pressure systems that is creating areas of severe weather , showers , and thunderstorms . to the south is an area of high pressure , keeping the southeast clear with calm weather . heat , humidity and the approach of a cold front and a jet stream could cause severe weather on thursday , too . forecasters said 57 million people were at an ' enhanced risk ' of seeing storms nearby , including residents in chicago , detroit and st. louis , as well as those in memphis , tennessee , and little rock , arkansas . areas that do n't see strong storms thursday could see heavy rain instead . the storm prediction center said wednesday 's storms in the southern plains could be significant - defined as having 2-inch hail , 75 mph winds and tornado damage rated at ef2 or higher . emergency officials said a tornado touched down briefly tuesday night in southeastern kansas . parts of missouri and indiana also had severe weather tuesday . heat , humidity and the approach of a cold front and a jet stream could cause severe weather on thursday , too . forecasters said 57 million people were at an ' enhanced risk ' of seeing storms nearby , including residents in chicago , detroit and st. louis , as well as those in memphis , tennessee , and little rock , arkansas . h/t accuweather , weather channel .