new mother claire sweeney has turned to a hypnotherapist in a bid to shed two stone . the former brookside actress gave birth to son jaxton in september and admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure . claire , 44 , has now enlisted the help of susan hepburn , who famously helped lily allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 . scroll down for video . new mother claire sweeney has turned to hypnotherapist susan hepburn to help her shed two stone . as claire takes to new motherhood , she has told closer magazine that there is one pregnancy habit she 's struggled to quit - her chocolate cravings . but instead of resorting to faddy diets , claire , who is a size 12 to 14 , has said that what she really needs is to sort her binge mentality . so the actress , who is currently starring in the play sex in suburbia , has sought the help of celebrity hypnotherapist susan to curb her sweet tooth and quit her habit of snacking when she 's bored . claire said : ' i went to see a hypnotherapist last month for the first time and told her that i needed to sort out my binge mentality . ' she admits she craved sugar throughout her pregnancy and could n't kick the habit afterwards . ' i even went on a binge at a pal 's birthday recently and made myself feel sick , ' she said . susan is also rumoured to have helped singer adele quit smoking , according to the express . she hypnotised claire for 20 minutes , which claire describes as ' a bit like having a good night 's sleep - it was so relaxing . ' susan hepburn ( left ) , who famously helped lily allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 ( seen in 2009 , right ) . she 's only had one session so far but claire says she can already see results . ' i saw a girl eating doughnuts and i felt sick just looking at them . i know it will take more than one session but i already feel more disciplined . ' hepburn , based on london 's harley street , helped lily allen not only lose weight but bring her bulimia under control back in 2009 . leslie barker , of the british association of therapeutical hypnotists , says : ' in therapy , hypnosis involves the patient experiencing a sense of deep relaxation , with their attention focused on suggestions made by the therapist . ' these are aimed at helping people make positive changes . ' claire pictured pregnant ( left ) and at the olivier awards a couple of weeks ago ( right ) . 