a schoolgirl killed herself by walking in front of a train just weeks after her mother was found murdered , it emerged last night . friends of 16-year-old rachelle owen said the teenager ‘ just wanted to be with her mum’ kay diamond , who was discovered dead in february . miss owen died after being struck by a train close to hoylake station , wirral , on friday night . police said the death was not being treated as suspicious . schoolgirl rachelle owen , 16 , has died after being struck by a train - just two months after her mother kay diamond , 44 , was allegedly murdered . in a statement , her family said they were suffering a double tragedy following the murder of 44-year-old miss diamond whose body was found in a flat in toxteth , liverpool , on february 28 . a post-mortem examination revealed that she had suffered a severe head injury . a 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial . in their statement the family of miss owen said : ‘ rachelle was a beautiful , vibrant , loved daughter , granddaughter , sister and niece , who attended hilbre high school humanities college . she will be greatly missed forever by all of her family and friends . ‘ this is a double tragedy to our family following the recent death and funeral of her mum , kay diamond . ’ last night hilary diamond , the mother of miss diamond , was too upset to comment on the loss of her granddaughter . a vigil was held in miss owen’s memory yesterday , with friends lighting a candle at 8pm . floral bouquets and messages have also been laid close to the station where she died at around 9.40pm on friday . tributes have been paid to the schoolgirl after she died at a crossing near hoylake station on friday . a tribute site on facebook described how miss owen , of west kirby , wirral , has left behind ‘ many broken hearts’ . it added : ‘ we will all miss her beautiful smile . ’ her aunt , stacey owen , wrote : ‘ heaven gained the most beautiful angel . rachelle owen . words can’t describe how much we will miss you ! sleep tight . ’ victoria owen added : ‘ keep thinking it won’t be true and this is a crazy nightmare ! ‘ so beautiful inside and out , we have all lost a very special person , my gorgeous cousin . ‘ sweet dreams rachelle owen , you will be missed by so , so many . ’ molly connor , a friend , wrote : ‘ rip my gorgeous girl , god only takes the best . always and forever in my heart rach , i love you so much sleep tight my angel . ’ heather price added : ‘ so very , very sad . heartbreaking that she had so much pain . ’ another comment read : ‘ she just wanted to be with her mum . ’ anthony blye , of toxteth , has been charged with miss diamond’s murder and is due to enter a plea at liverpool crown court in june .  