lewis hamilton has come under fire for spraying a hostess in the face with champagne after winning the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday . the reigning world champion won his second race in three to start the 2015 season , but his podium celebrations have drawn some criticism . a leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver as ' selfish and inconsiderate ' , saying he should be forced to apologise for ' specially directing ' the bubbly into the woman 's face . lewis hamilton celebrates winning the chinese grand prix by spraying a hostess in the face with champagne . the hostess looks less than impressed as she is sprayed with champagne on the podium in shanghai . roz hardie , chief executive of object , a campaign on media sexism and ' sex object culture ' , said : ' the photographs appear to show that the woman is not just being splashed , but that the champagne is being very specifically directed into her face , which does not look like a voluntary piece of horseplay on her part . ' if this if the case we think lewis hamilton should apologise for his actions and think carefully about how he behaves in the future . for most people , it would be apparent that she is not enjoying it . ' it is surely a very difficult position to be a grid girl and she would have had little option but to stand there and take it . that is something of which he should be aware . but instead , he appears to have abused her position . ' it 's unfortunate that a great victory has been marred by what appears to be selfish and inconsiderate behaviour . ' hamilton 's celebrations have led to criticism of the two-time world champion . hamilton controlled the contest in shanghai to seal his second victory in three races this season . hardie added that the episode highlighted the more general issue of women being viewed as sexual objects in the motoring world . she said : ' motor racing appears to unnecessarily portray women as sexualised objects and that probably makes it even harder for the women to stand up for themselves . we would hope people in the industry would be respectful to these women . on twitter , hamilton was described as a ' bully ' and ' disgusting ' . another user simply said : ' man please stop spraying champagne on the podium ladies . they do n't like it ' , while one outraged user said he was a ' scumbag - an embarrassment to uk ' . another wrote : ' have a bit more respect for the ladies please . spraying champagne in her face was out of order # child # idiot . ' hamilton sprays a hostess after winning the spanish grand prix in catalunya last may . and one tweeted : ' shame on you f1 and lewis hamilton for disgraceful treatment of women during champagne celebration # sexism . ' it is not the first time the racing icon has whipped out his victory move . he celebrated in a similar fashion after winning spanish grand prix last year , which was his fourth consecutive win in a row and the one that finally put him on top of the driver 's standings . and although he lost the austrian grand prix to teammate nico rosberg , he did n't shy away from popping the cork directly at a hostess . the 30-year-old was even asked to demonstrate his champagne skills on graham norton 's talk show in 2013 . but not everyone was offended by his behaviour . many found his actions amusing , while another said : ' i can think of worse things to happen at work than getting sprayed in the face with champagne by @ lewishamilton.. lighten up people ! ' hamilton and his team-mate nico rosberg had a spat when the german said his team-mate slowed him down . rosberg was unhappy as he felt that hamilton backed him up into the reach of sebastian vettel .