authorities in texas have banned a seemingly-innocent personalized number plate after three years attached to a swish lamborghini . now its houston owner safer hassan has 30 days to get rid of the license plate '370h55v ' - after the texan department for motor vehicles saw it spelled 'a**hole ' upside-down . the authority has written mr hassan a letter explaining that the license plate would be cancelled in a month , writing : ' it has been determined that the personalization is offensive ' . the personalized license plate which the texan department for motor vehicles deemed was ' offensive ' . cheeky : the real license plate on the left hand side - but look what it reads when it is turned upside down . owner safer hassan said he plans to appeal the decision by the texan department for motor vehicles . mr hassan told tv news programme kprc-tv that he disagreed with the judgement . ' i think that the state is overreaching their boundaries ' , he said , adding he plans to appeal the decision . state departments across the usa have the ability to ban slang or rude words appearing on cars in their region , in texas , numerous naughty drivers have tried - and failed - to get illicit sayings put on plates for their vehicles . one driver thought they were so 'bada** ' they would tell the world - by applying for this irreverent license plate . a texan and lover of the female form asked the state department to provide him with this license plate . those banned include ' i [ heart ] boobs ' , ' bad ax ' and ' jlobut ' - presumably a reference to singer and actress jennifer lopez 's ample behind . more than 120,000 personalized number plates have been issued by the texan department for motor vehicles , which can last up to 10 years before the driver has to re-apply . perhaps wishful thinking was behind this idea for a license plate - also rejected by the texas state department . jennifer lopez topped the charts with her song ' booty ' , but probably did n't think her bottom would be put on the back side of a car . the application for this license plate was also rejected by the texas dmv .