a woman 's noisy neighbour has issued a withering reply to her hand-written letter complaining about his hard-partying ways , claiming only the deaf and ' those buried in the cemetery ' would have any concerns with the noise coming for his home . the man 's sarcastic response comes after melbourne-based actor , lucy gransbury , wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night . gransbury thought the good-humoured note worked wonders after an entire week of uninterrupted sleep until she was woken again just before dawn the following sunday . so she followed up by dropping a thank-you card and some gifts over the fence to the seven or eight men who lived there because she was ' too scared ' to knock on their door . but after a month of not hearing back from any of her boisterous neighbours , jershon witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his facebook page opening with ' my dearest lucy ' . scroll down for video . after weeks of not hearing back from any of the boisterous lads , jershon witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his facebook page opening with this photo holding her two handwritten notes . witehira said although others may find her crazy he thinks gransbury is brave and creative . ' i 'm impressed by the lengths you went to creatively to get your point across and even more by the audience it reached , ' he said . he went onto apologise for the the ' music festivals and comedy galas ' and added that the deaf man and those buried in the cemetery 4kms away , that gransbury had referred to , awake occasionally . ' there 's probably people out there that think your crazy for what you done but not me i thought you were brave and i respect you for it , ' he went on to say . he then took up gransbury 's offer of getting to know each other over a few drinks . ' we look forward to getting to know you also and about that g & t you mentioned let 's do it . ' but he saved the most hilarious comment for the end . ‪'p.s we have a room for rent if you know anyone interested . p.p.s i 'm deadly serious . ' lucy gransbury dropped a thank you letter and gifts over the fence to her neighbours because she was too scared to knock on their door after they had been quiet for an entire week . the good-humoured letter asks the seven or eight burly blokes not to throw a hand grenade over her fence . although a week after her first letter the neighbours woke her at 4.30am when they arrived home , and again at 6.45am when their mates left , gransbury decided after writing a list of pros and cons that the mostly-reformed dudes , who she fears could crush her ' between their shoulder blades ' as ' they seem to be a gang ' , deserved to be rewarded . the note , which was posted on her blog and on the mamamia site , began with thanking the less-noisy neighbours for a quieter week and although their voices woke her on sunday she was grateful there was n't the ' bass guitar song ' interrupting her dreams about prince harry . ' you probably think i 'm a bit weird and have too much spare time , and you are entirely correct . ' the gifts included : a burnt dvd of the pilot episode of neighbours where max ramsay breaks up a party on his namesake street by ' yelling at the flamin ' lot of them ' . she then later reveals that the dvd is in fact blank and suggests they watch the scene on youtube . two chickpea cans with a piece of string so she can create her ' own old-school walkie-talkie ' with them while adding that they must detach the string if they are having a party - not to mention remove the chickpeas for a more effective communciation device . and in good neighbourly fashion - specifically chose chickpeas in case the burly blokes wanted to whip up some hummus for their next party . last but certainly not least - gransbury threw in some salt and vinegar chips because she wanted to share her favourite things with her dear neighbours . she signed off by saying she hoped they got a giggle out of her note instead of being insulted and throwing a hand grenade over her fence . one of the gifts was two cans and string so they could she can create her ' own old-school walkie-talkie ' with her neighbours - and she chose chickpeas so they could also whip up some hummus for their next party . after she was woken by their voices on sunday morning , she wrote pros and cons about the incident - derpa is in reference to the man she used to regularly hear who sounded like he was constantly yelling ' derpa '' . gransbury took photographic evidence of the moment she cheekily threw the first lengthy and hilarious handwritten letter over their adjoining back fence before running off in hysterics . she posted the letter on her blog with the precursor : ' so if you never hear from me again , i 've been kidnapped and forcibly trapped in my neighbours ' sound system . ' gransbury chose to replace the expletives she had the strong urge to use with the more polite neighbourly word of ' funk ' in her letter that was also published on mamamia website . ' dear noisy neighbours , ' there are some choice swear words i would like to throw at you , but in the interest of being neighbourly , i 'm going to replace them all with the word ' funk ' . ' please turn your funking music down so i can get some funking sleep , ' the letter opened with . lucy gransbury wrote a lengthy and quite hilarious handwritten letter to her noisy neighbours after enduring four months of sleepless nights due to their incessantly wild nocturnal ways . the actor/comedian used her humour in the two-page rant to get her rage across to the party-hard residents who live next door and cause her never-ending grief . gransbury even took photographic evidence of the moment she cheekily threw the note over their adjoining fence before running off in hysterics . she then went onto say that she had been living for the past four months next to the culprits and was woken up by them ' all the funking time ' . adding that the night before she wrote the letter when was woken at 4.30am was an uncivilised time that should only be reserved for ' breakfast radio hosts , international flight passengers , and parents of infants . ' gransbury said she wanted to yell out to them at 5am but would n't have been heard over the revving of their friend 's engine of their 'sh*thouse fancy ute . ' ' they were then reversing down your driveway for so long and with such difficulty , that i am worried that the man behind the wheel was : a ) drink driving b ) not sure how to drive c ) brain damaged d ) actually a potato . ' she signed off with her twitter handle or if you wanted to follow her in real life just ' head towards the loud house and turn left ' . her hopes of the music stopping were quickly dashed as she continued to hear one note on the bass guitar ' over and funking over . ' ' i 'm not sure if it 's you , or perhaps a friend , but one man seemed to contribute to the party by yelling ' derpa , derpa , derpa , derpa ' at the top of his lungs . is he okay ? ' she asked sarcastically . she expressed concern that this man is either not sure how to be human , brain damaged or simply a moron . the music was finally turned down at 6am - just two hours before gransbury had to go out and begin her day . ' everyone in my street probably feels the same . and the street behind us . and the deaf man in the next suburb . and anyone buried in the cemetery four kilometres away . ' she also gave her neighbours two gifts - a pair of headphones and a cd she compiled herself with apt songs but then revealed that the cd was actually blank because she was ' too funking tired ' to burn the songs . gransbury said she bought this card because ' shut the f**k up ' was not available in a large size . as the considerate neighbour , gransbury gave her next door pals two gifts - a pair of headphones and a cd she compiled herself with the apt songs : respect by aretha franklin , ' wake me up ' by avicii , ' all about the bass ' by meghan trainor , ' stop right now ' by the spice girls and uptown funk ' by bruno mars ' because it 's just a funkin ' good song , really ' . but she later revealed in the note that the cd was actually blank because she was ' too funking tired ' to burn the songs . after suggesting to catch up over a g & t sometime , she asked them to ' grow up . get some funking manners . and go . the funk . to sleep . ' gransbury also warned them that she would call the police if there was a next time . the exhausted performer signed off with her twitter handle or if you wanted to follow her in real life just ' head towards the loud house and turn left ' . after suggesting to catch up over a g & t sometime , the exhausted performer asked them to ' grow up . get some funking manners . and go . the funk . to sleep ' .