when it launched eight years ago , cruise company azamara decided to make a name for itself , literally . the founders took ' aza ' for ' blue ' - think azure ; and added ' mara ' , which has a hint of the maritime about it . and then , for good measure , they bolted on ' club cruises ' . the thinking behind ' club ' was that it suggested exclusivity . the line - part of the royal caribbean group - has two ships in its fleet , journey and quest , which each carry about 680 passengers . the smaller size of the vessels means not only a more intimate on-board experience - as in tv 's cheers bar , it can become a place where everybody who serves you soon knows your name - it also means the ships can access ports off-limits to the bigger vessels . i boarded our seven-night azamara quest cruise from monaco to rome with a sense of great expectations : i anticipated a friendly ambience , great service and some interesting ports . i was n't to be disappointed . the azamara club cruises ' quest vessel carries about 680 passengers , making it a more intimate voyage . the size of the ship means it is able to access ports that are off-limits to the bigger vessels . boarding the ship in somewhere as glitzy as monaco immediately imbued the journey with a luxury feel . in the harbour we were surrounded on all sides by billionaires ' mega-yachts . but while they and their guests were probably having to fork out vast amounts for their onboard food and drink , on the azamara quest we were living in the lap of complimentary luxury . you can enjoy ' standard spirits , international beers and wines at all ship bars during regular bar hours ' for no extra charge - and ' gratuities ' on azamara are included in the basic cost . there is also an unfeasibly wide selection of on-board eating places - there is a tardis-like feel to the way that something that looks small from the outside can accommodate so much on the inside . our first stop was st tropez , which seemed to boast even more stunning luxury yachts than monaco . in the evening we joined a small party for a special excursion - azamara prides itself on offering a variety of experiences throughout its cruises - to an ' elegant evening under the stars ' at a favourite celeb hangout , the five-star chateau de la messardiere . we gathered around the handsome swimming pool to sip fine champagne and scoff sumptuous mini-pastries as we watched the sun sink into the mediterranean . frank boarded a seven-night azamara quest cruise from monaco to rome with high expectations . the first stop was st tropez , which seemed to boast even more stunning luxury yachts than monaco . it was a good time to get early impressions on the cruise from fellow passengers . everyone was impressed at the high quality of service and facilities - especially those whose previous cruise experiences had been on ' big ' ships . there were high marks for dining , service , decor , the interesting choice of excursions and the excellent value for money . ' we were worried azamara might be too small , ' said one couple . ' in fact we should have been worried by the fact that our previous trips had been on ships which were too large . we 're sticking with ships this size from now on . ' the days flew by . there were two ports in corsica : ajaccio and porto vecchio . famous for its salt pans , porto vecchio offered another treat - the azamazing evening ( there is one on every cruise ) , a large , free-of-charge party with masses of food , wine and entertainment laid on at a nearby beach that we reached in a fleet of coaches . it felt as if we were gatecrashing an exclusive private party . famous for its salt pans , porto vecchio offered another treat - a large free-of-charge private party . the cruises attracted a wide spread of age groups , from people in their 30s up to their 80s . the accent was on keeping busy , whether by taking interesting excursions or attending well-thought-out lectures on board . but if you did n't want to do anything , there were always spare sunloungers and plenty of space to stretch out next to the pool . after a fine stop at sardinia , it was on to italy for capri and our final stop at amalfi . i woke early to be up on deck as the ship followed the coast road past positano . it was so quiet that as we sailed past the small villages , you could hear bells calling people to morning mass . frank woke early to be up on deck as the ship followed the coast road past quiet positano . in amalfi we caught the local bus up to ravello - once a favourite place with the hollywood elite - to enjoy the stunning views along the coast , and then sauntered back down the footpath through lemon trees and sweet-smelling shade until we were back in amalfi . our final excursion was one that promised ' insider access ' - a drive along the spectacular amalfi coast to a buffalo farm in pontecagnano to discover how mozzarella cheese is made . a bus up to former hollywood elite favourite ravello is rewarded with coastal views such as this . one of the happy asian water buffalo that provide the milk for creamy and delicious mozzarella . azamara club cruises ( 0844 493 4016 ) offers an eight-night mediterranean cruise aboard the quest from £2,285pp including return flights from heathrow , transfers , club balcony cabin and full board . departing october 15 , it calls at florence and pisa , rome , sorrento , sicily , crete , santorini and athens . i 'm not sure what sort of picture i had in my head of the buffaloes from which the milk is taken in order to make the famous italian cheese , but the big-horned asian water buffaloes we met came as something of a surprise . the farm we visited was a showpiece with a big herd of cheerful animals , and after watching the manufacturing process we were whisked off to the owners ' farmhouse where we were able to sample the goods in rural splendour . on our return to the ship there was time to reflect on a pleasurable week at sea . the company 's name may mean ' blue sea ' - for me i will always remember it as ' my blue heaven ' .  