the family of adolf hitler 's minister of propaganda joseph goebbels , pictured ( above ) in september 1934 , is suing a publisher for royalties over a biography that used extracts from his diaries . the family of adolf hitler 's minister of propaganda is suing a publisher for royalties over a biography that used extracts from his diaries . cordula schacht - whose own father hjalmar schacht was hitler 's minister of economics - is representing joseph goebbels ' estate in the case against random house germany and its imprint sidler . the dispute comes after peter longerich , a leading authority on the holocaust and nazi germany , drew on the diaries for a biography called goebbels , which was published in germany in 2010 . now the english edition of the biography , which includes the same entries , is due to be published by penguin random house uk and its imprint the bodley head on may 7 . rainer dresen , general counsel of random house germany , believes this case carries an important principal and that paying such money would be immoral . ' we are convinced that no money should go to a war criminal , ' he said . ' this war criminal did n't really commit acts by his hands , but by his words . ' these words prolonged the war… [ and ] should not bring any money… to [ his ] heirs . ' mr dresen was astonished when schacht first demanded money after contacting the publisher as a representative of goebbels ' heirs . ' i did not want to believe that anyone can claim royalties for goebbels ' words , ' he added . scroll down for video . last september the district court of munich ordered the publisher to disclose its earnings . it appealed on legal , copyright and moral grounds , and the case is due to be heard in munich on april 23 . mr dresen has suggested to schacht in court that royalties could be paid if she were to donate them subsequently to a holocaust charity . cordula schacht , pictured ( left ) with her father and hitler’s economist hjalmar schacht , is representing goebbels ' estate in the case against random house germany and its imprint sidler over peter longerich 's book ( right ) . she rejected the idea on the grounds that money should go to goebbels ' family , who are thought to include descendants of his siblings . goebbels poisoned his six children before he and his wife took their own lives . his diaries – spanning the years 1924 to 1945 - remain in copyright until the end of 2015 . copies are held in public libraries . responsibility for the literary part of goebbels ' estate was transferred to schacht by françois genoud , a swiss businessman with nazi sympathies and a friend of schacht 's father . dr goebbels with his wife . he poisoned their six children before he and his wife took their own lives . mr schacht was minister of economics in hitler 's national socialist government from 1934 to 1937 and was president of germany 's leading financial institution , the reichsbank . he was responsible for the unemployment and rearmament programmes . mr dresen said : ' [ he ] helped hitler finance his preparation of war . ' captured by the allies he stood trial at the postwar international military tribunal at nürnberg but was eventually acquitted . he died in 1970 . mr dresen believes that other publishers have paid for the use of goebbels 's diaries in the past . he said : ' we 're the first publishing house who avoided that - and have been sued . ' mr longerich spoke of the censorship implications of this case : ' if you accept that schacht controls the rights to goebbels ' diaries , then – theoretically - you give this person the right to control research . ' he added : ' she could have asked to see the manuscript or [ told me ] that i should leave out certain passages . we can not allow such control from a private person , whatever their interests . ' this is an absolutely unacceptable situation . it 's a question not only of morality , but of professionalism for an historian . ' part of random house 's legal argument centres on the copyright ownership because the diaries were going to be published posthumously by hitler 's own publisher . although no publisher 's contract has survived , mr dresen points to evidence within one of diary entries of 1936 which confirms the publication plans . he believes that the bavarian government should in fact own the copyright . schacht declined to comment .