your wedding is fast approaching and , as a last hurrah , you decide to celebrate in the most extravagant way possible - with a trip to ‘ space vegas ' . here even a ' poor space miner can maybe strike it lucky at the zero-g roulette tables ' . that’s the fantastic future imagined by one artist , whose awe-inspiring drawings of a next-generation space station in orbit reveal what space travel may one day look like . taking one of several imaginative space planes , in this future timeline you’ll be partying to your heart’s content in an orbital extravaganza . concept artist alex brady from cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like . he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to las vegas ( shown in image ) , with neon lights and plenty of attractions . the images were created by concept artist alex brady , 32 , from cambridge in the uk , who normally works on video games and movies . but for these drawings he decided to try his hand at imagining what the future of space travel might look like . a space settlement would be a large structure , comparable in size to a town or small city , built in earth orbit . it would have similar amenities and services to towns and cities on earth , and would enable people to live in space . the iss currently houses six astronauts at a time , but a space settlement would have hundreds or thousands of people on board . future space settlements may also have artificial gravity by rotating around an axis . ‘it’s inspired by super yachts docking at the casino marinas in monaco , as well as macao and of course las vegas , ’ he told mailonline . ‘ i liked the kind of trashy , flashy future in movies like the fifth element . ‘they’re absolutely preposterous but also cheerful and dynamic and irreverent . ’ in the main image of space vegas , a fantastic array of colours and attractiosn can be seen , including a ferris wheel and a lit-up cowboy . several spacecraft docked at the space station can also be seen , based on similar designs for space planes . it is located in orbit around earth , allowing planes to seemingly take off from earth and then return to the planet with relative ease . the cone-shaped space station is also shown in a state of partial completion , with space planes again making the journey from the ground . ‘it’s inspired by super yachts docking at the casino marinas in monaco , as well as macao and of course las vegas [ pictured ] , ’ artist alex brady , 32 , told mailonline . ‘ i liked the kind of trashy , flashy future in movies like the fifth element ' . the station is located in orbit around earth , allowing planes to seemingly take off from earth and then return to the planet with relative ease . the cone-shaped space station is also shown in a state of partial completion , with space planes again making the journey from the ground . the strange and twisted shapes , seen here , resemble future structures and spacecraft . the cylindrical design would allow the space station to rotate and provides its inhabitants with artificial gravity . and mr brady has also given his take on how humans might get into orbit in the future on a variety of space planes . these are commonly known as single-stage-to-orbit ( ssto ) vehicles , as they could take off from a runway and land back on earth without having to use an expendable rocket - like the space shuttle had to . his designs incorporate efforts from europe , the us and india . and such imaginings aren’t that far-fetched ; esa recently tested its unmanned ixv ( intermediate experimental vehicle ) spacecraft . mr brady has also given his take on how humans might get into orbit in the future on a variety of space planes . these planes are commonly known as single-stage-to-orbit ( ssto ) vehicles , as they could take off from a runway and land back on earth without having to use an expendable rocket - like the space shuttle had to . but when it comes to space stations , mr brady says his designs are a little different and more free-form than others that have been devised . ‘ i tend to think space stations are usually depicted in a rather austere way , like in the amazing sequences in 2001 : a space odyssey , ’ he said . ‘ i don’t like to second guess stanley kubrick , he is one of my favourite artists and a genius , but i imagine maybe space cities to be like our cities here on earth ; cluttered , crowded , busy , a little dysfunctional . ‘ i think to an extent we like our cities that way . big but also full of smaller , human details and regional variation . ’ he adds that these images aren’t meant to be taken as a wholly serious look at the future of space travel , but rather ‘ a light-hearted imagining of the future where even a poor space miner can maybe strike it lucky at the zero-g roulette tables ! ’ mr brady says his designs are a little different than others that have been devised , such as in 2001 : a space odyssey ( image from the movie shown ) . ' i imagine maybe space cities to be like our cities here on earth ; cluttered , crowded , busy , a little dysfunctional , ' he said . mr brady adds that these images aren’t meant to be taken as a wholly serious look at the future of space travel . his designs incorporate efforts from europe , the us and india . and such imaginings aren’t that far-fetched ; esa recently tested its unmanned ixv ( intermediate experimental vehicle ) spacecraft . the images are ‘ a light-hearted imagining of the future where even a poor space miner can maybe strike it lucky at the zero-g roulette tables ! ’ here we see several spacecraft docked with a space station in orbit , attached by cables .