chelsy davy showcased her style credentials as she stepped out in london rocking ripped jeans and a chic blazer on wednesday night . the ex-girlfriend of prince harry radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends leaving an art gallery in mayfair . the 29-year-old seemed in high spirits , smiling as she made her way down the street wearing tan wedges and a crisp white blouse . chelsy davy proved to be quite the fashionista as she stepped out in london wearing ripped jeans and a chic beige blazer on wednesday night . it 's the second night out this week for the party girl , who was seen laughing and joking with friend irene forte at the launch party for new london restaurant , the ivy chelsea garden , on tuesday . zimbabwean davy wore a similar look - a white layered chiffon top , as well as flattering navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles . davy has previously been known for her more relaxed , casual style , but it seems she is upping the style stakes and taking a more sophisticated approach to dressing now that she is approaching her thirties . the 29-year-old radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends out and about in london . it 's the second night out on the town for the party girl , who joined friends at the opening of cool new eatery , the ivy chelsea garden , on tuesday . the party was to celebrate the opening of the restaurant , part of renowned west end dining institution , the ivy . davy circulated the party with a couple of friends , in particular daughter of hotel tycoon rocco forte , irene . davy and forte were spotted together recently at duke of northumberland’s estate syon park over the weekend for the wedding of property magnate caspar macdonald-hall . at the wedding chelsy , notably , was the gooseberry as she was seen with friend , irene forte and forte 's boyfriend , jacobi anstruther-gough-calthorpe . davy is currently single after splitting up with society jeweller charles goode in january . the sporty socialite had a relationship with prince harry spanning six years until they called it a day in may 2010 . the pair still remain good friends . prince harry with chelsy davy , seen in 2010 after receiving his flying wings from his father , dated for six years until they called it a day ; the pair still remain good friends . chelsy davy attended the royal wedding of prince william and the former kate middleton at westminster abbey in 2011 , proving how close her and prince harry remained after their split . 