floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political , social and cultural undertones , the scale of expectation and outside influences . where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena . here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxing’s history . the fight against the nazis . yankee stadium , new york . june 22 , 1938 . joe louis vs max schmeling . joe louis ( left ) knocks out max schmeling in the first round to win the heavyweight title on june 22 , 1938 . although herr hitler was trumpeting max schmeling as a hero of the third reich following his knock-out victory over joe louis two years earlier , the german was anti-nazi and remained so during world war ii which was imminent at the time of the re-match . louis had come back from that shock to win the world heavyweight title by defeating james j braddock but announced he would not consider himself the true champion until he avenged the loss to schmeling . the fight was billed as a political war between an america struggling to emerge from the great depression and a germany provoking armed conflict in europe by annexing austria . yet such was schmeling’s distaste for being exploited by adolf hitler’s propaganda machine – and his loyal refusal to sack his jewish manager – that his wife and mother were refused permission to travel to new york to support him in case he defected to the u.s . the social picture was clouded further by black america’s belief in louis as a high-profile campaigner for civil rights . louis is carried by his supporters ahead of his 1938 re-match with schmeling . a poster for the rematch ( left ) while louis and schmeling shake hands at the weigh-in ahead of their fight . jack johnson vs james jeffries . louis , who had complacently trained on the links rather in the gym for the first fight , gave up golf and women in serious preparation for the return bout . president franklin d roosevelt invited louis to the white house and told him : ' joe , we need muscles like yours to beat the germans . ’ louis would say : ‘ the whole damned country was depending on me . ’ clark gable , gary cooper and gregory peck were among hollywood celebrities in the 70,000 crowd , along with fbi boss j edgar hoover . louis is pictured jumping aside as schmeling falls after the knock-out . louis had been tactically out-thought in their first fight so decided to go for broke from the first bell . a barrage of left hooks followed by a right to the body had schmeling doubled-up in pain and referee arthur donovan gave him a standing eight count . louis switched his attack to the head , dropping schmeling twice , and donovan called a halt only two minutes and 40 seconds into the fight . louis , the brown bomber , had fractured schmeling’s spine with his body attacks . as the man from brandenburg was taken to hospital the ambulance passed through harlem and he recalled later : ‘ i could the noise of crowds dancing . bands had left the bars and were playing on the sidewalks . everywhere was filled with celebrations and saxophones . ’ louis goes on the attack against schmeling as he gains revenge after defeat two years earlier . schmeling would be forcibly conscripted as a german paratrooper war but served only briefly and his resistance to hitler made him a hero in his country for a second time , after the war . he invested in successful businesses and lived until shortly before his 100th birthday , in 2005 . louis lost his money and became a greeter at caesars palace in las vegas . his old friend schmeling visited him there once every year until his death in 1981 , when he acted as a pall-bearer at louis’ funeral . 