outspoken mp bob katter has risked being drawn into a race row after accusing the queensland government of believing embattled mp billy gordon was ' a little black puppet on a string ' . in a bizarre statement on his party 's website , mr katter said the government believes mr gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence - and later admitted to his criminal past . mr katter , federal mp for kennedy , is of lebanese descent . he said he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past , and that he sympathised with mr gordon 's position . federal mp bob katter , who released a statement today accusing the queensland government of assuming billy gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence . mr gordon was forced to quit the queensland labor party last week in the wake of being accused of domestic violence and withholding his criminal history from premier annastacia palaszczuk . he announced on wednesday he will remain in the queensland parliament as an independent , throwing the government , which holds a razor-thin majority , into chaos . ' in the last two cases where this occurred in the federal parliament , there was never any question raised about the member resigning . so why was it assumed here that billy gordon would resign ? ' mr katter 's statement reads . ' i ca n't help but think that the queensland government thought they had a little black puppet on a string . mr gordon , who was forced to quit the queensland labor party last week in the wake of being accused of domestic violence and withholding his criminal history . the statement has sparked criticism on social media , with users questioning his terminology . ' irrespective of his weird use of the term ' black puppet ' it 's kinda odd how bob katter is speaking on billy gordon 's behalf ' wrote benjamin james . not that john wrote : ' wow , bob katter calls billy gordon , ' black puppet on a string ' and the lefty loons stay silent . what if abbott had said it ? ' the statement has sparked criticism on social media , with some users questioning his terminology . mr katter has since defended the statement , saying he used the term black puppet in light of his personal experiences . mr katter has since defended the statement , saying he used the term black puppet ' because i 'm dark and i come from cloncurry . ' ' i can understand and i can identify with the attitudes that these people have and i 'm going to call it for what it is , ' he said . ' i deliberately put that comment in with a forethought , because i think they deserve a belting for the racial overtones . ' mr katter used federal mps tony windsor and rob oakeshott as examples of independents becoming puppets for the government and sacrificing their independence , but he vowed mr gordon would not make that mistake . 