air crash investigators have recovered more body parts from the site where mh17 fell in eastern ukraine after the boeing 777 was shot out of the sky nine months ago . the dutch-led team this week also found personal possessions including jewellery after the plane was downed by a suspected russian-made buk missile , killing all 298 passengers and crew on july 17 , 2014 . in all , 16 containers of fragments of the malaysia airlines plane were filled so far this week . dutch and malaysian investigators and local authorities examine debris at the mh17 plane crash site . chilling : mailonline 's photographer spotted the burned and torn passport of loving wife and mother mabel anthonysamy soosai , 45 , one of the 298 slaughtered when mh17 was downed over ukraine on july 17 , 2014 . her family in kuala lumpur has given mailonline permission to publish the picture . the investigators searched for body parts and debris at a location that was previously considered unsafe . the finds came several days after mailonline revealed how possibly key evidence and personal possessions were left lying in fields so long after a crash which shocked the world . mailonline also found a charred passport of a malaysian mother killed in the horror . relatives of mabel anthonysamy soosai , 45 , whose husband and son were also killed , called for urgent action to clear the site , return items to bereaved families and bring those responsible for the carnage to justice . ' it broke my heart to see the picture , her passport still in the debris of the plane , ' said her brother clement , 47 , in kuala lumpur . ' but thank you so much for finding it and telling us about it . ' also spotted at the site by mailonline were a bracelet made of beads , a pair of sunglasses , ripped clothing and random pages from guidebooks in a reminder that many of the murdered passengers were heading to kuala lumpur on holiday . investigators have renewed their search for body parts and debris in eastern ukraine this week . a vehicle carries away debris from the site of the plane crash near the village of grabove , in self-proclaimed donetsk people 's republic . many small parts from the plane - such as controllers for the in-flight entertainment systems - were visible among mh17 's burned remains . investigators say they were prevented from working properly in the locations where mh17 hit the ground due to fierce fighting between pro-moscow rebels and ukrainian military forces . the new finds of human remains were collected this week by the dutch - working with malaysian , australian and ukrainian colleagues - at a site previously inaccessible to the investigators , it was revealed . head of the dutch recovery mission pieter-jaap aalbersberg said : ' more remains have been found in both parts of the so-called `` burn sites . '' ' jean fransman , spokesman for the dutch department of justice , added : ' the mission was again able to recover human remains and personal effects at two sites . ' a statement said that ' personal effects were given to the members of the mission by the local population - it was jewellery ' . an investigator wheels away parts of debris from the site of the plane crash in eastern ukraine . grim : alongside mabel 's passport , many small parts from the plane - such as controllers for the in-flight entertainment systems - are visible among mh17 's charred detritus . haunting : personal belongings of victims are still littered around the field - and possibly crucial evidence -because the crash scene has n't been cleared nine months after the malaysian airways flight came down . a local official had told mailonline how the ' smell of death ' hung over the area nine months after the crash . the latest search operation had resumed yesterday after being halted for winter , and centred around the petropavlivka , some 10 kilometres ( 6.25 miles ) west of grabove and granovo where most of the debris fell . a local official had told mailonline how the ' smell of death ' hung over the area nine months after the crash . officials of the rebel donetsk people 's republic were also at the site during the search which will last several weeks subject to a ceasefire holding in the region . ' a group of dutch and malaysian experts is working in the dpr , ' said aleksey kostrubitskiy , local emergencies minister . ' today 10 per cent of the area - two places where fragments had fallen and there was fire - was worked over . ' sixteen containers of fragments have been loaded . ' units of the [ dpr ] emergencies ministry will go there every day and 10 staffers of the emergencies ministry will be involved . ' the dutch-led team was forced to leave the crash site in august amid shooting close to the crash site . souvenir : a shot glass bought as a reminder of what should have been a jovial trip lies on the ground . a sign indicating the entrance to the site in eastern ukraine is forbidden is displayed as dutch and malaysian investigators search for debris . the debris collected by the investigators will be initially sent to kharkiv in ukraine , before being taken to the the netherlands . a week long recovery operation in november was delayed by fighting between separatists and ukrainian troops . representatives of the organisation for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) have also faced acute problems accessing the crash site to secure key evidence . after a ceasefire was called in february , dutch experts returned the following month , yet still much debris remains at the site . the debris collected by the investigators will be initially sent to kharkiv in ukraine , before being taken to the the netherlands . forensic experts in the dutch city of hilversum have identified bodies of 296 victims of the crash . two victims - both from the netherlands - remain unidentified . the probe team is due to issue its report into the crash later this year . after a ceasefire was called in february , dutch experts returned the following month , yet still much debris remains at the site . a preliminary report in september , which apportioned no blame , said the plane ' broke up in the air probably as the result of structural damage caused by a large number of high-energy objects that penetrated the aircraft from outside ' . kiev and the west have claimed that separatists or russian forces , using a buk surface-to-air missile supplied by moscow , were responsible for the shooting down of mh17 . the kremlin strongly refutes the charge , and senior russian sources have claimed that a ukrainian warplane blasted mh17 out of the sky . ' now that we are at an advanced stage of the repatriation mission , the ( criminal ) investigation and prosecution will occupy a more central place , ' said dutch justice minister ard van der steur this week . leaks suggest that investigators suspect regular troops rather than rebels were involved in the shooting of a buk missile , and that these soldiers ' might have changed their identities or even been executed by russian secret service in order to hide everything ' . moscow also denies it has ever had troops in eastern ukraine , a claim the west finds implausible . investigators examine the crash site of the mh17 plane , next to a sign reading ' no entrance ' . putin 's foreign minister sergei lavrov accuses the western media of ignoring sightings by locals of a ukrainian military aircraft in the vicinity of the stricken flight . dutch broadcaster rtl reported that shrapnel collected from the crash site and tested by independent international forensic experts , including defence analysts ihs jane 's in london , say it matched the explosive charge of a ground-to-air buk . alleged intercepted phone calls between rebels seem to back up the version that the plane was downed by a buk crew using equipment smuggled in and out from russia . if this could be proven , it would blow apart the russian denial of involvement in eastern ukraine quite apart from its assistance that it had nothing to do with the downing of mh17 . but as one source close to investigators said : ' it looks like key evidence and witnesses , namely the buk missile and its crew , have been hidden deep inside russia which is in denial over this whole episode . ' probably the inquiry report will blame the attack on a buk missile , but seeing anyone face justice over this crash is quite another matter . ' the dead from mh17 comprised 192 dutch citizens ( one also had u.s. citizenship ) , 44 malaysians , including the 15 crew members , 27 australians , 12 indonesians , ten britons ( one also had south african citizenship ) , four germans , four belgians , three filipinos , one canadian and one new zealander . 