a young mother who killed herself days after telling police she had been kidnapped and raped has given evidence in the trial of her alleged attacker from beyond the grave . a jury watched a distressing video interview in which the 20-year-old told officers how she flagged down a car belonging to iranian masood mansouri believing he was a taxi driver . but instead of taking her to a nightclub with her university friends , it is alleged the 33-year-old drove off without them and took her to his home where he sexually assaulted and raped her . masood mansouri , 33 , from saltney , flintshire , is accused of kidnap , rape and sexual assault . the woman , mother to a three-year-old girl , managed to escape by hiding in bushes , before getting another taxi to the club . initially she tried to forget about the attack , the second sexual assault she had suffered in her short life . but she became so distressed the next day she broke down and told her mother . in a text message the woman , who had a history of depression , told her mother to make an appointment with her doctor , saying : ‘ i really can’t handle being alive any more . ’ she was interviewed by police , but five days later took an overdose of her mother’s blood pressure tablets and died . in her interview the alleged victim told officers : ‘ i felt worthless and helpless and that i needed to tell someone . ‘ i don’t feel like this is something which someone should be able to get away with . ’ judge raj shetty , sitting at chester crown court , told the jury that the woman’s suicide made the case ‘unusual’ but stressed that it should not affect their judgment . the court heard that the alleged attack took place in the early hours of sunday , august 10 last year . nicholas williams , prosecuting , said the woman , of mochdre , north wales , had been to a party with two chester university friends at their halls of residence . a jury at chester crown court was today shown a video-taped interview which the woman gave to police two days after the alleged incident . five days later , the woman took a fatal overdose of prescription tablets . the group then decided to go to a nightclub around ten minutes’ drive away . after struggling to get a cab , the woman flagged down mansouri’s bmw 3 series , believing it to be a taxi , and asked him to wait for her friends who were still inside . but he allegedly sped off and drove to his home in the suburb of saltney , chester . the woman became frightened and sent three chilling text messages to one of her friends , saying she had been ‘kidnapped’ and that she was ‘ not joking’ . the final one added : ‘ literally scared . ’ when they arrived , the woman repeatedly said she did not want to go inside but told police she felt ‘ trapped and intimidated’ so agreed . mansouri , it is alleged , started trying to kiss her , before carrying out the ‘rough’ sexual assault and rape . after she reported the alleged attack , the woman was examined and mansouri’s dna was discovered . he was arrested but claimed the sex was consensual . in a statement , the girl’s mother , a college support assistant , told officers that her eldest daughter had been the victim of a sex assault when she was 15 . the man was later prosecuted and jailed . the court heard that following the first attack , the woman became depressed and started suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder . she had a baby but could not cope with looking after her daughter . six months before her death , the court heard , the woman was hospitalised nine times after trying to commit suicide . but her mother said that immediately before the alleged rape she had appeared happier . mansouri denies three counts of kidnapping , sexual assault and rape . the trial continues . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .