a drug-addicted ryanair steward who swiped a £500 camera left on a flight was rumbled by the owner who spotted the listing on ebay and reported him to police . teacher aaron galloway , 23 , was on a half-term city break to prague when he left his expensive slr camera on the seat as he landed in the czech republic capital . ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the £499 nikon . flighty : ryanair steward fernando miguel andrade viseu begged adam galloway not to report him to police when he replied to a message warning him that he could prove that he was selling stolen goods . when aaron got home , he went on ebay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction . he messaged seller fernando miguel andrade viseu , who confessed to the theft - and admitted being a ryanair flight attendant . aaron checked his ebay profile and found viseu had sold 118 items in the previous few months , including ray-ban sunglasses and expensive skullcandy headphones . snapshot : aaron realises that the camera advertised on ebay is the one he left on the flight . rumbled : teacher aaron realises the seller must work for ryanair and sends over some strong words . 35 minutes to go : the listing that aaron galloway found when looking for a replacement camera . the portuguese-born thief begged aaron not to tell police and said he would lose his job but officers raided his home near stansted and found the d5200 nikon . viseu was charged with the theft of the camera as well as stealing a kindle from an unknown owner and pleaded guilty in court . however , he 's not being investigated for any other offences at this time or being pursued under the proceeds of crime act . magistrates in chelmsford , essex , ordered to attend a drug rehabilitation programme for six months by the court on march 9 and pay £145 costs . they also imposed a community order and ordered him to do 100 hours of unpaid work . ryanair have now sacked him . aaron , a primary school teacher , said : ' when i saw it on ebay i could n't believe it . ' i was angry with ryanair to be honest . how can they not notice someone just taking things off the seats ? ' he had deleted everything from the camera - photos of christmas , of a family member who had passed away and my graduation - all wiped . ' i 'd been looking forward to taking lots of photos on my holiday and that was just ruined . ' steward viseu posing next to a ryanair plane , left , and aaron galloway , right , with his camera in brighton . aaron went online when he got back home to brighton , east sussex , after his three-night break and was astonished to see his camera . he said : ' that night i decided to check ebay - i 'm not sure what made me do it , but i thought i would just have a look . ' right there , with just 33 minutes to go , was my camera . ' i knew it was mine because the description with the strap , the lens , the battery , the memory card - all mine . ' it was a three day auction starting the same day i lost my camera , and the item location was stansted . ' i contact the non-emergency police number but only got through to the switchboard and i was panicking . ' so i thought i had nothing to lose so i messaged the seller , expecting them to just ignore me . ' he admitted he worked for ryanair and had taken my camera . i was pretty surprised because actually he could have ignored me and there was nothing i could have done . ' but he said he was really sorry . ' begging : viseu begs teacher aaron not to report him to police and offers to return the camera . viseu - who was listed on ebay as fstoffel2013 - sent aaron a message saying : ' my apologies for this . i 'll obviously return the camera to you . ' please tell me when you return and i will meet you at the terminal . ' of course my job is important to me . i 'll meet you at the terminal or whatever you want to . ' i found the camera at the end of the day and i will return it to you , of course . ' please , please do n't report me . ' aaron added : ' the police initially said they wanted me to organise to go and collect it off him in person , and they would arrest him there . ' but then once i showed them the evidence they went to his home and arrested him there . ' a spokesman for essex police said : ' we arrested a 34-year-old man from the stansted area on friday february 20 on suspicion of theft . ' 