we 're all guilty of it but there are some who do it more often than others . experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger ; and while we would like to think we reach for something healthy like carrot sticks , raisins or a handful of almonds , more often than not it 's salty crisps , sweet biscuits or cheap chocolate that we tend to munch on . but why exactly do we snack ? and if we knew what the triggers were , would we be able to stop ourselves from reaching for unhealthy foods ? scroll down for video . we 're all guilty of snacking , but there are some who do it more often than others . femail has worked with dietitian lucy jones from the almond board of california to study snacking habits in the uk and identified three tribes of snackers : snack amnesiacs , situational snackers and super snackers . ms jones 's research has revealed the habits which lead us to nibble needlessly , identifying the behaviours and reasons behind these three distinct snack tribes : ms jones told femail : ' snack amnesiacs are mindless munchers who subconsciously snack , opening something and eating far more than they intended . ' more often than not , these snackers have no concept of what or how much they are eating . according to ms jones , those who are stressed out due to environmental or emotional pressures are situational snackers . this tribe often have busy schedules which causes them to skip meals . then there are the super snackers . ' they are the snack savvy , who recognise energy lows and tummy grumbles and plan ahead . this tribe only nibble sensibly , as and when their body tells them to , ' ms jones said . ms jones is encouraging women to revamp their snacking habits by trying the 21 day snack happy challenge : a simply snack on a handful of almonds once a day for 21 days . ' snacking is important to help control hunger and provide essential nutrients . we all lead such busy lives and juggle a variety of tasks and commitments every day , often resulting in long gaps between meals . ' the snack happy challenge works well because 21 days is the length of time it takes to form a habit , or swap a bad habit for a good one . planning ahead and arming yourself with a handful of almonds will really help to get you through the day . ' ' as a high source of fibre and containing 15 essential nutrients , almonds are the perfect snack you can feel good about , ' she said . take our quiz to find out just what sort of snacker you are and how to change your bad habits . 1 . do you ever find yourself picking up food for comfort ? if you answered yes go to question 3 . if you answered no go to question 2 . 2 . do you feel like you are aware of your snacking habits ? if you answered yes go to question 5 . if you answered no go to question 4 . 3 . do you often find yourself reaching for whatever foods are nearest to hand in order to keep your hunger pangs at bay ? if you answered yes go to question 6 . if you answered no go to question 4 . 4 . do you regularly plan out your nutrient intake in advance , even on busy days ? if you answered yes go to question 8 . if you answered no go to question 6 . 5 . when you’re having a busy day , can you usually stay strong and avoid snacking on things you feel are bad for you ? if you answered no go to question 4 . if you answered yes go to question 8 . 6 . does your busy schedule often mean you have no time to prepare and eat a full lunch ? if you answered yes you are a situational snacker . if you answered no go go question 7 . 7 . do you often find yourself opening a packet of biscuits only meaning to eat one , but suddenly find the packet is empty ? if you answered yes you are a snack amnesiac . if you answered no you are a super snacker . 8 . if you were asked to remember everything you’d nibbled on throughout the day , would you remember every mouthful ? if you answered yes you are a super snacker . if you answered no go to question 7 . _____________________________________________________________________________ if you are a situational snacker : the situational snacker is a very busy bee and often does n't have the time to prepare and eat a full meal during her day . to fill up , the situational snacker will grab snacks throughout the day , whilst she can . nibbling on the children 's packed lunch leftovers for breakfast whilst she chops up the carrots , snacking in the car for lunch after doing the food shop , or quickly scoffing half a sandwich before the company meeting is common for this type of snacker . if you 're a ' situational snacker ' you might find that emotional pressures , stress and a particularly busy day can cause you to snack , even if not hungry , and you may be particularly prone to pick at food as a comfort mechanism . lucy jones ' advice : ' almost three quarters ( 73 per cent ) of women in the uk said that stress lead them to overlook their nutrient intake . this is an issue i often see , and it can have a serious impact on health . if women are n't dedicating time to their diet and thinking carefully about their nutrient intake , they could be at risk of over or under eating . ' the key is to snack sensibly and make sure you have something nutritious to nibble on at your desk , in the kitchen , in the car , or wherever the hunger pangs strike . the nutrients in almonds make them a perfect snack to enjoy between meals . almonds are also a high source of magnesium , which contributes to a reduction of tiredness and fatigue , so they really are the perfect snack to keep you going through a busy day . ' if you are a snack-amnesiac : throughout her day , the snack-amnesiac will graze on the foods closest to hand , without even realising she 's doing it . munching through a share-size bag of crisps whilst watching the telly when she only meant to eat a handful , reaching for the plate of biscuits during a lull in the board meeting and even waking up in the middle of the night and sleepwalking to the kitchen to nibble on some leftovers from the fridge are just a few examples of the mindless snacking habit in action . do you find yourself opening a packet of biscuits only meaning to eat one , but suddenly the packet is empty ? if you were asked to remember everything you 'd nibbled on throughout the day , would you remember every mouthful ? if you find yourself snacking on food without even realising , you could well be a snack-amnesiac and you 're not alone – research commissioned by the almond board of california has shown that 90 per cent of women in the uk admit to snacking mindlessly throughout the day . lucy jones ' advice : ' research has shown that women are typically lacking in fibre and often eat higher levels of the daily recommended allowance of saturated fat . ' with 90 per cent of women suspected of suffering from snack-amnesia1 and eating anything close to hand without taking the nutrient content into account , it is n't difficult to see how diets become unbalanced . however , if you are a ' snack amnesiac , ' there are easy ways you can ensure you 're still achieving a balanced diet . almonds are a high source of fibre and just a handful ( approximately 30g or 23 almonds ) a day can boost your nutrient intake . these great little nuts are also high in unsaturated fat , and in fact , a recent study published in the european journal of nutrition found that a mid-morning snack of almonds helped control appetite and resulted in reduced calorie intake by the participants during the rest of the day . if snack-amnesiacs keep a handful of almonds close by , this could help to curb the cravings and the mindless munching later in the day . if you are a super snacker : the super snacker is a woman who is well aware of her snacking habits and despite a busy day , or the odd sweet craving , she 'll do what she can to stay strong and find the foods she needs to help get her through – no matter what the day might bring . busy day of meetings and no time for lunch – the super snacker will ensure she 's got a steady supply of her favourite nutritional snacks pre-packed and close to hand to see her through . prone to an afternoon lull – the super snacker will have a nutritious pick-me up ready to go . craving an evening treat after a long day – the super snacker will reach for a snack from the well-stocked healthy snack jar . do you pack a snack in your handbag each day ? are you familiar with the times of day that you need an extra boost ? if so , like one in five women in the uk , you could be a super snacker . lucy jones ' advice : 'well-balanced snacking is a great way to stay on top of your hunger pangs and ensure a daily dose of the nutrients that your body needs . but healthy and happy snacking need n't be difficult or dull . ' as most super snackers know , there are some simple tricks to help adopt happy snacking habits . mixing up different textures and flavours adds variety to your daily food intake . ' pack a punch with a nutritiously crunchy handful of almonds added to some mango for sweetness , or even dark chocolate for a more indulgent snack . '   