labour were left embarrassed tonight after it was forced to remove a signatory to a letter of support after she was exposed as a benefit cheat who had swindled nearly £30,000 . campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people ‘ from all walks of life’ . the signatories , who said they were ‘ all working people’ , warned about the ‘ proliferation of zero-hours contracts’ they claimed were ‘ letting down britain’ and showed that ‘ we need a labour government to put working people first’ . labour attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people ‘ from all walks of life’ . but within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster , trade unionists and the cigar-smoking children of millionaires . one of the signatories identified herself as someone who had ‘ worked on [ a ] zero hours contract’ , but labour removed her name yesterday after it was revealed she had been convicted of benefit fraud in 2012 . a court in manchester heard that the woman moved to britain after she had a ‘ marriage of convenience’ in nigeria in december 2007 . according to tax officials she lived with her ‘husband’ , who was the holder of a british passport , ‘ briefly or not at all’ . she was not entitled to benefits as she was subject to ‘ immigration control’ , but she submitted a tax credits application and a child benefit claim for three children , two of whom didn’t live with her . the court heard that she moved in with a new partner but claimed £27,888 tax credits in two and a half years as a single person . david cameron , visiting pupils during his visit to king 's leadership academy in warrington today , hailed the business letter in support of the tories . she was caught after she applied for leave to remain in britain on the basis of her ‘marriage’ . officers found that she had been fraudulently claiming benefits and had allowed others to use her name and national insurance number to work illegally in the uk . in july 2012 she was given a two year suspended jail sentence and a 150-hour community work order after she pleaded guilty to immigration and fraud charges along with her ‘husband’ who had been working at hmrc as a security officer . a labour spokesman last night said : ‘ more than 6,000 people have now signed our letter from all walks of life across the country . former red or dead boss wayne hemingway was among the signatories . ‘ of course we were unaware of the background of this person . the fact still remains that the epidemic of zero hours contracts are a symbol of the failure of this government 's economic plan . ’ other signatories included 21-year-old manchester university students john-jo pierce and rory somerville . the pair said they were both working on zero hours contracts but their facebook pages included photographs of them smoking cigars whilst dressed in black tie . mr pierce , who is studying maths , is registered on the electoral roll at his parents’ £1million house in woodland near leatherhead , surrey . his mother deirdre , 55 , yesterday said that he was ‘ just a kid’ who ‘ knows nothing about politics’ but had signed the letter after he was asked to by a fellow university student ‘ he vaguely knows’ . she told the mail : ‘ all he did was sign a petition that somebody called andrea asked everybody to sign . he knows a little but not much . it’s the first time he’s been interested in an election . ’ she declined to discuss what work he was doing on a zero hours contract . mr somerville , who is in his final year studying economics , is register to vote at his mother 's house in an affluent area of belfast . mr pierce was also photographed at a party in front of a sign that said ‘ drugz room’ , but mrs pierce said that it was just a ‘joke’ sign that was a reference to the u.s. television programme breaking bad . she said : ‘john-jo has never done drugs in his life . it’s a joke about breaking bad . that’s what people of that age do . they all make jokes about breaking bad . ’ mr somerville did not respond to a request to comment . 