arrested : veteran william snyder , 34 , has been charged in connection with the disappearance and death of his wife , kelley jo snyder , 34 . the husband of a pennsylvania mother of three has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering after the discovery of her body over the weekend . army-veteran william snyder , 34 , was charged hours after the body of his wife , kelley jo snyder , 34 , was found in a river near to their home on saturday . she was last seen alive on easter sunday . police in renovo say that snyder has admitted moving the body from their home and also having fabricated a ransom note seeking $ 60,000 for his wife 's safe return . coroner zachary hanna said the cause and manner of death are pending results of toxicology tests . state police have said they expect more charges to be filed after the results are published . snyder is currently in the clinton county correctional facility on $ 500,000 bail and was arrested at a motel in the small town of horseheads on friday in new york after presumably fleeing last week . he was returned across the state border and charged the next day . a police affidavit seen by pennlive.com claims that snyder , who uses the name bj , has admitted removing his wife 's body from their home and taking it to the halls run river . recovered : the body of shelley jo snyder was found in a river near to where she lived with her husband . day out : william and shelley-jo snyder with their son on a day out to the met life stadium in new jersey . he is the alleged to have sent a ransom note to a local restaurant , himself and an email to police demanding money for her safe return . snyder first reported his wife missing at 12.01 on the monday following easter sunday sparking a huge search of the local area . snyder and her three children said they had last seen kelly jo leave the family home at at around 5.45pm right before they sat down to eat their easter dinner . she is supposed to have left the home to pick up sweet potatoes , but police claim she never made it the store . police said they spoke to her 14-year-old son and he told them she had taken her wallet , bank card and identification with her . family affair : shelley-jo was last seen at just before 6.00pm on easter sunday when she told her family she was going to buy some sweet potatoes . on wednesday , during the search of the neighborhood , bj 's sister , t.t . wertz found her sister-in-laws waller near to her house even though the area had been thoroughly searched . on tuesday , snyder spoke to newswatch 16 before his wife 's body was discovered . ' we just hope if she is out there and can see this or someone sees this and has any info to get a hold of us , ' said snyder to the local news station . in court papers , snyder has admitted to sending the ransom note to his own address and to a local restaurant and an email to police before he was arrested . neighbors of the pair have expressed disbelief at the turn of events . ' i think they are wrong . i don’t think it was him , so i think they need to do a little more investigating other than pinning on the husband , ' said faith marr , a neighbor to newswatch 16 . 