a passenger flying from newcastle airport to gatwick was pulled aside at security after staff thought his pease pudding was semtex , a plastic explosive . the part-time actor was going through customs to board his easyjet flight , when airport staff discovered he had six £1.80 tubs of the traditional pudding and north east delicacy in his hand luggage . the boiled-legume dish was removed from his bags , along with several greggs pies . pease pudding is a traditional dish made with split peas and a favourite in the north east of england . the 58-year-old , who previously appeared in the bbc tv series blackadder , was surprised at the mix-up . ' i love my pease pudding , ' he told the mirror . ' i think the resemblance to semtex was pushing it a bit far as it was in containers marked pease pudding . ' security staff told the traveller his pease pudding could ' technically ' be classed as semtex . however , the traveller did admit he was carrying six tubs of the pudding along with pies from the greggs bakery - which became synonymous with the ' pasty tax ' introduced and then scrapped by chancellor george osborne in 2012 . after being told that the consistency of the pudding could see it ' technically ' classed as semtex , he reportedly offered to let security taste the delicacy to prove it was n't . luckily for the pease-lover , who lives in sussex , he was allowed through with his snacks and was simply warned to pack them in hold luggage the next time he was travelling . the traveller has also placed several greggs pies in his hand luggage for the journey . an customs spokeswoman said : ' there is no customs policy with regard to pease pudding so far as i am aware . ' when mailonline contacted a newcastle airport spokeswoman , she said they do not comment on security matters . it is not the first time unusual items have been picked up by airport security scanners . stansted airport has previously confiscated items including furry handcuffs , while two italian women were stopped at munich airport , in germany for trying to transport a human skeleton belonging to a dead relative . last year , customs officers at birmingham airport seized a giant squash from a passenger who was trying to smuggle it into britain from asia . the 4ft-long vegetable , which weighed in more than at 4st , was found with 175lb ( 79kg ) of fish and 94,000 cigarettes from bangladesh . a spokesman for solihull council said : ' it is a bit of a rare find , as you can imagine we do get cigarettes a lot , but not a squash , especially not one of this size . ' america 's tsa ( transport security administration ) even has an instagram account where it documents the weird wonder , and sometimes downright dangerous , items confiscated at security .   