the savages of islamic state have stepped up their use of teenage suicide bombers in recent weeks , even using their leader 's alleged cousin to blow himself up at a checkpoint in iraq . named as abu hafs al-badri , the youthful teenager is claimed to be the cousin of abu bakr al-bagdadhi , the extremist group 's self-styled caliph . it appears isis 's growing strategy of using teenage suicide bombers indicates their continued focus on indoctrinating impressionable local teenagers and turning them into deadly bombers . not even old enough to grow a beard , teenage suicide bomber abu hafs al-badri is claimed to be one of the cousins of isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi . abu basir al-shami ( left ) and abu yaqoub al-iraqi ( right ) both blew themselves up in iraq . both boys appear to be be older than 16-years-old . al-badri 's martyrdom photo was released recently alongside fellow teenage suicide bomber abu yaqoub al-iraqi . the teenage duo carried out joint suicide missions in isis 's latest offensive on the baiji oil refinery in salahuddin province , iraq . little is known about abu yaqoub al-iraqi except like abu hafs , he was an iraqi national . both fighters appear to be little older than 16-years-old . another teenage suicide bomber abu basir al-shami blew himself up in anbar province , near the iraqi city of ramadi . wearing a isis branded hat and awkwardly holding an ak 47 in his hands , the teenager stares emptily into the camera . abu qaqa al-shami ( left ) and abu hassan al-shami , ( right ) both syrian nationals , carried out suicide lorry attacks in iraq last month . abu qaqa al-shami appeared in an isis video , shouting a torrent of jihaid slogans and practicing his shooting with an ak 47. al-shami blew himself up at a checkpoint in north baghdad . the teenager is shown singing as he drives a vehicle packed full of explosives towards a military checkpoint in iraq . the trio of teenage suicide bombers come after another teenager was shown in a video , criticising the west before he carried out a suicide bomb attack . known as abu qaqa al-shami , the syrian national drove a truck laden with explosives into a checkpoint in northern baghdad . the boy has been named as abu al-hassan al-shami , a syrian fighter who appears to be no older than 14 years old . in a photo series , entitled ' battle of vengeance for the mother of the believers ( aisha ) ' , the youngster is thought to be one of two syrian fighters , who carried out a suicide truck bombings in the iraqi province of salahuddin . he is shown sitting in the driver 's seat of the large lorry filled with barrels of explosives . the vehicle has been reinforced with plated armour , leaving the young driver with only a small rectangular window to navigate the final journey for his deadly vehicle . abu al-hassan al-shami , who appears no older than 14 , is thought to be the islamic state 's youngest suicide bomber . in a series of pictures , the young fighter appears to be playing with a hand grenade before the huge explosion of the lorry in january 2015 . in his hands , the young fighter appears to be playing with a hand grenade and the barrel of his ak-47 rifle can be seen resting near the steering wheel between his legs . a final image shows a huge explosion after the detonation of the lorry , killing him and a number of iraqi security forces . the attack happened near the ancient iraqi city of samarra , currently still held by the iraqi army . it also shows a big ball of fire erupting into the orange sky , with pieces of shrapnel flying in all directions across the arid landscape . one isis supporter on social media commented : ' abu al-hassan al-shami the martyr . his youth does n't stop him from supporting his religion . ' australian fighter jake bilardi , 18 , from melbourne , detonated a van filled with barrels of explosives near iraqi armed forces in ramadi last month . bilardi 's suicide mission reportedly failed to hit its intended target with general tahssin ibrahim confirming that no one had been killed and just a few vehicles had been damaged by the attack . isis have not just used local teenagers as suicide bombers in iraq . australian fighter jake bilardi , 18 , from melbourne , detonated a van filled with barrels of explosives near iraqi armed forces in ramadi . the attack was reported as a rare failure , with general tahssin ibrahim confirming that no one had been killed and just a few vehicles had been damaged by the attack . islamic state supporters on social media later paid tribute to the australian teenage fighter , with one blogger writing : ' he started fighting in baijī against the isf rāfidha and was a lion on the battlefield although he was at a young age and with a weak body , he was like a mountain . '