kevin pietersen 's attempt to impress the england selectors ended in failure in cardiff on sunday afternoon . in the same swalec stadium arena where pietersen hopes to be batting against australia in the first ashes test this summer , the surrey batsman fell for 19 after appearing to be ready to build on the 170 he made against the oxford students last week . pietersen was making his first lv= county championship appearance since june 2013 in the hope of finding a way back into the england set-up . kevin pietersen trudges off the pitch after being dismissed for 19 on his championship return . pietersen edges behind off the bowling of craig meschede having already survived a scare . the former england star 's expression tells the story as he sees the ball held at first slip . the 34-year-old came to the wicket just after lunch with surrey well placed on 111 for two and he was soon into his stride with two boundaries - one through the legside and the other a fine cover drive - in the same andy carter over . pietersen was fortunate to escape with a mistimed hook off graham wagg , which just beat the fine-leg fielder , but he picked up the fourth boundary of his innings when he drove the ball over the head of left-arm spinner dean cosker . however , his 28-ball stay ended when he pushed hard at craig meschede 's medium pace and edged to colin ingram at first slip with surrey reduced to 150 for three . meschede celebrates removing the surrey batsman , but the glamorgan bowlers were made to toil . pietersen had to watch on as his team-mates piled on the runs , with surrey reaching 363/3 on day one . pietersen , who is hoping for an england return , had looked in good form before edging behind . sri lankan star kumar sangakkara , making his surrey debut , outshone pietersen , scoring a century as the visitors piled on the runs on the first day . the 37-year-old put together a huge partnership of over 200 with former england one-day wicketkeeper steven davies - who also reached three figures - after pietersen 's departure . sri lankan kumar sangakarra made a hundred on surrey debut batting at no 3 .