andrea dossena , a man liverpool once shelled out £7million for , has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in harrods . the 33-year-old , who now plies his trade with league one strugglers leyton orient , was arrested at the knightsbridge store on tuesday . dossena , whose crowning moment for liverpool came when he scored the winner against real madrid in the champions league , was later bailed . andrea dossena ( scoring for liverpool against real madrid ) has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting . dossena celebrates with ryan babel after scoring against manchester united in march 2009 . he also netted four days after that strike against real back in march 2009 , lobbing edwin van der sar away at manchester united in a 4-1 win . he earned around £40,000-a-week at anfield . a metropolitan police spokesman said : ' police arrested a 33-year-old male and a 31-year-old woman on april 7 on suspicion of shoplifting at harrods . ' they were taken to a west london police station . ' both the man and woman have been bailed to a date in late april , pending further enquiries . ' dossena has been capped by italy on 10 occasions and also played for sunderland under paolo di canio and gus poyet at the back end of last season . dossena signed a short-term contract with league one strugglers leyton orient back in november . he was heralded by rafa benitez on arriving on merseyside from udinese back in 2008 , but made only 13 premier league starts for the club . dossena has appeared 13 times for orient this season but has found life tough in the third tier . leyton orient released a brief statement on wendnesday , saying : ' the club are aware of the incident reported earlier today involving andrea dossena . ' however , the club is not in a position to make any further comment on this matter whilst it is being dealt with by the authorities . ' no-one at harrods was available for comment . dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at harrods in knightsbridge on tuesday . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .