cctv pictures show a man police want to speak to after a ' peeping tom ' incident at a swimming pool . these pictures show a ' peeping tom ' who is believed to have been spying on young women changing in cubicles at a swimming pool . at around 12.45pm yesterday , a 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle in aqua vale swimming pool in aylesbury , buckinghamshire , when she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle . she had kicked him and he then disappeared . captured on cctv cameras placed in the changing areas near the pool , the latest pictures are thought to be connected to a similar incident that took place at the same pool . on february 7 , a man sexually assaulted two teenage girls in the changing area of the pool . police issued the new images , appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them urgently . a spokesman for thames valley police said : ' the woman kicked out at the man and he moved away , before she noticed him looking at her again . ' ' the victim shouted and the man was not seen again . ' officers are investigating the incident and are linking it to an incident at the same location on 7 february in which a man sexually assaulted two teenage girls in the changing area . ' detective sergeant simon johnson , of aylesbury force cid , said : ' detectives are investigating both incidents , which we believe are linked . ' in this incident the victim was not touched by the offender . ' however , this would have been an understandably distressing incident for her . ' i would like to appeal to anyone who recognises the man shown in the cctv image as he may have information which could assist with our inquiries . ' anyone with information should call the 24-hour thames valley police enquiry centre on 101 or crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 . police officers are appealing for anyone who recognises the man in the pictures to contact them urgently . the incident occurred as the woman was changing in a cubicle in aqua vale swimming pool in aylesbury , buckinghamshire ( pictured ) . 