ed miliband is in league with the scottish nationalists and preparing to allow them to be ‘ the chain to labour’s wrecking ball’ , david cameron will say today . the prime minister – who last night said he would be a ‘ big failure’ if he does not win a commons majority – will unveil an analysis to show labour and the snp are ‘ really on the same side’ and want ‘ more borrowing , more debt and more taxes’ . mr cameron will show that , since mr miliband became labour leader , the snp has trooped through the lobbies with his mps in 91.5 per cent of commons divisions . the snp backed labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on the economy . warning : david cameron will unveil analysis to show labour and the snp are ' really on thre same side ' today . labour and the snp have ruled out a formal coalition but refused to do the same for a looser arrangement that would prop up a minority government led by mr miliband . the prime minister last night told bbc newsnight presenter evan davis that he would feel he had ‘ not succeeded’ if the conservatives failed to win a majority . his intervention today will pile pressure on the labour leader ahead of tonight’s tv ‘challengers’ debate’ , in which he will square up to snp leader nicola sturgeon . miss sturgeon’s performance in the first tv debate has seen her party surge further , breaking 50 per cent in one poll and threatening labour with wipeout north of the border . since mr miliband became labour leader , the snp has trooped through the lobbies with his mps in 91.5 per cent of commons divisions , cameron will say . yesterday , she suggested she would seek to hold labour to ransom on a vote-by-vote basis , insisting : ‘it’s perfectly possible to defeat governments on issues and to change the course of governments on issues without bringing the government down . ’ even senior labour figures have doubts over mr miliband’s decision to be the only leader from the main westminster parties to appear with scottish and welsh nationalists , the greens and ukip , putting him in danger of being outflanked on all sides . a labour source said : ‘ our best hope is that nobody watches it and it’s just a damp squib . other than that , we’re hoping the media narrative is that cameron was right to sit this one out , not that ed looked like an idiot . ’ mr cameron , launching his party’s scottish manifesto in glasgow , will say scotland is the scene of a ‘ massive political fight’ that could determine the future of the uk . ‘we’ve got labour and the snp on opposite sides – slugging it out – but if you take a step back they’re really on the same side , ’ the prime minister will say . ‘ you have a weak labour party , who want more spending , more borrowing , more debt and more taxes . and the people who will prop them up , the snp – who want even more spending , more borrowing , more debt and more taxes . ‘ together , they pose a clear threat to the future of our united kingdom : a coalition of chaos . the snp acting as the chain to labour’s wrecking ball , running right through our economic recovery – and it will be you who pays the price . ’ the conservative analysis shows that , in 319 votes between 2010 and 2015 , mr miliband trooped through the voting lobbies with snp mps on 292 occasions . labour and the snp ( pictured , snp leader and first minister nicola sturgeon ) have ruled out a formal coalition but refused to do the same for a looser arrangement that would prop up a minority government led by miliband . david cameron told bbc newsnight presenter evan davis he will have failed as tory leader if he does not win a majority at the next election . labour and the scottish nationalists joined forces to oppose government policies to rein in benefits and reward work . both parties also voted against capping benefits to stop people taking home more in welfare than the average family earns in employment . miss sturgeon hailed tonight’s challengers’ debate as ‘ another opportunity to take the snp’s positive message on the progressive policies we believe in to people right across the whole of the uk’ . 