patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million gp appointments last year , shocking new figures have revealed . a study reported in the british medical journal found that 90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14 . the 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week . the shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of a & e visits , the researchers say . lack of access : patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million gp appointments last year . the figures , from the gp patient survey , also show that patients who report worse access to conventional gp appointments are more likely to use out-of-hours services . and surgeries where patients were able to see a gp within two week days had lower rates of a & e department visits . other research has suggested that greater access to gp surgeries is linked with lower rates of emergency admissions for conditions such as heart failure and stroke . the figures come just a day after it was revealed one in five visits to a & e are unnecessary . a fifth of patients turning up in a & e have self-treatable conditions including sore throats , athlete’s foot and head lice , a study has claimed . researchers have calculated that more than 4 million visits a year are unnecessary – costing the nhs £290 million . doctors have even reported patients showing up because they were hungover , their false nails were hurting or they had paint in their hair . the analysis of data from 15 a & e units by consultancy firm ims health found that 19 per cent of patients had what is called a ‘self-treatable condition’ . the data covered one in ten a & e units across england , so if the trends are mirrored across the country , then an estimated 4.1million of the 21.7million visits last year were for minor ailments . the problem is largely caused by the fact that patients find it difficult to see a gp , particularly out of hours . many go to a & e in the knowledge that they will at least be seen by a doctor that day , even if they have to wait four hours . today 's piece , written by academics from imperial college london and new york university , points out that more gps are required if access is to be improved . but they add politicians ' promises of an extra 5,000 to 8,000 gps are likely to be challenging to achieve . effect : the situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of a & e visits , the researchers say . the new figures come just a day after it was revealed a fifth of patients turning up to casualty have self-treatable conditions including sore throats , athlete’s foot and head lice . so despite election pledges by the tories and labour to improve access to gps appointments , they argue these promises are unlikely to be achieved within a parliamentary term . the ' public should [ therefore ] question the promises of politicians ' , they said . the bmj report said largest increase in gps over a previous parliamentary term in the past 20 years was 5,414 gps ( from 2004/05 to 2008/09 ) under labour . but labour 's previous pledge for all appointments within 48 hours was ' far from being achieved ' , it adds . only 81 per cent of patients ended up able to see a gp within two weekdays in 2009/10 when the party was last in government . the researchers add there is also no firm proof that more patients getting to see their doctor will lead to fewer a & e attendances . david cameron has promised patients will be able to access gp surgeries between 8am and 8pm seven days a week by 2020 if the tories are re-elected . ed miliband has guaranteed appointments within 48 hours if labour are voted in . but the piece said these pledges may prove unrealistic , adding that the evidence behind them has not been made clear - and the problem with access has not been precisely defined . denial : the study authors say that despite election pledges by the tories and labour ( david cameron and ed miliband are pictured , left to right ) to improve access to gps appointments , these promises are unlikely to be achieved within a parliamentary term . ' the aims and rationale of the policies outlined by the conservative and labour parties do not seem explicit , ' the analysis said . ' one aim is undoubtedly to win election votes . but the aims for the nhs and for patients are less clear . ' the analysis suggests five points of action ' for policy and research if improvements in access are pursued ' . these are : * evaluating the extended opening hours pilot scheme carried out by the tories . * making general practice consultation data routinely available . * looking at employing practice staff besides gps . * evaluating new types of appointment such as telephone consultations . * considering alternatives to general practice such as pharmacist-led minor illness services . lead author thomas cowling , of imperial college london , said : ' both parties have made bold promises about access to gp services , but the evidence behind their pledges is lacking . ' it 's important that policies like extended access are independently evaluated before being implemented more widely . ' the pledges on increases to the gp workforce are very ambitious and unlikely to be met within a parliamentary term . ' instead , he recommended the nhs evaluates the use of new types of appointment that have been proposed to increase gp capacity , such as consultations and triage by phone or online . ' it should also consider other types of staff who could take on some of the work of gps . ' 