a senior writer for the australian financial review has labelled anzacs ' racist yobs ' , while standing up for an sbs football reporter who was sacked after condemning anzac day on twitter . sbs journalist scott mcintyre was fired on sunday over his tweets which called anzac day ' the cultification of an imperialist invasion ' and accused australian diggers of committing war crimes which included ' widespread rape and theft . ' speaking up in support of him , the afr 's geoff winestock wrote on the social media site : ' ridiculous . frightening . i also think anzacs were racist yobs and anzac day is a death cult . sack me fairfax . ' on friday , the day before anzac day , mr winestock said of the memorial : ' anzac day wish : in next 30 years there will be no wars and in 50 years no soldiers around to honour . ' scroll down for video . australian financial review journalist geoff winestock ( left ) has spoken out in support of sacked sbs journalist scott mcintyre ( right ) , who was fired on sunday over his controversial anzac day tweets . the senior writer for the australian financial review labelled anzacs ' racist yobs ' . the day before anzac day , mr winestock said he hoped ' in 50 years no soldiers around to honour ' . both fairfax and mr winestock declined to comment when contacted by daily mail australia . after a public backlash against mcintyre 's comments , sbs managing director michael ebeid and director of sport , ken shipp said in a joint statement that his ' highly inappropriate and disrespectful ' comments have ' caused his on-air position at sbs to become untenable . ' ' mr mcintyre’s actions have breached the sbs code of conduct and social media policy and as a result , sbs has taken decisive action to terminate mr mcintyre’s position at sbs , with immediate effect . ' mcintyre 's comments sparked outrage late on anzac day , with communications minister malcolm turnball calling them ' despicable remarks ' and social media users taking to twitter to spread the # sackscottmcintre hashtag . in his tweets , the sbs football journalist condemned anzac day as an ' imperialist invasion . ' mcintyre referred to the anzac 's landing on the gallipoli peninsula in turkey . ' we remember and commemorate our anzacs ' : sbs michael ebeid was quick to distance the broadcaster from mcintyre 's comments on saturday evening , saying they are ' not at all the views of @ sbs ' . ' the cultification of an imperialist invasion of a foreign nation that australia had no quarrel with is against all ideals of modern society , ' mcintyre tweeted , referring to the anzac 's landing on turkey 's gallipoli peninsula . in other tweets , the reporter mocked the ' these brave anzacs ' and accused diggers of committing war crimes . ' remembering the summary execution , widespread rape and theft committed by these ' brave ' anzacs in egypt , palestine and japan , ' he tweeted . ' wonder if the poorly-read , largely white , nationalist drinkers and gamblers pause today to consider the horror that all mankind suffered . mr mcintyre has more than 30,000 twitter followers . the sbs journalist accused the australian diggers of committing war crimes . mcintyre condemned the commemoration of anzac day and mocked the digger 's bravery . mcintyre 's comments referred to the soldiers as ' terrorists ' and were met with disgust by twitter users . mcintyre 's comments came on the 100th anniversary of the tragic battle of gallipoli ( members of the public seen streaming into the australian war memorial , right , and names of fallen soldiers , left ) . mr turnbull also chimed into the discussion , calling the comments ' offensive ' . sbs 's managing director michael ebeid was quick to distance the national broadcaster from mcintyre 's comments on saturday evening , after incensed social media users launched a twitter tirade calling for the company to fire the reporter . ' comments from @ mcintinhos are his own , disrespectful and not at all the views of @ sbs . we remember and commemorate our anzacs , ' mr ebeid wrote on twitter . the offensive tweets were still live on mcintyre 's twitter feed the day after they were published , prompting angry social media users to accuse sbs of being ' complicit ' and labelling mr ebeid 's tweet a ' token apology . ' sbs 's managing director michael ebeid was quick to distance the media company . angry social media users accused sbs of being ' complicit ' . others accused sbs managing director mr ebeid 's of making a ' token apology ' last night . social media users claimed that the tweets were offensive and 'un-australian ' especially on anzac day . sbs has since responded with an official apology for offence caused , stating ' respect for australian audiences is paramount at sbs . ' ' at sbs , employees on and off air are encouraged to participate in social media , however maintaining the integrity of the network and audience trust is vital , ' mr ebeid and mr shipp said in the today 's statement . ' it is unfortunate that on this very important occasion , mr mcintyre’s comments have compromised both . ' sbs apologises for any offence or harm caused by mr mcintyre’s comments which in no way reflect the views of the network . sbs supports our anzacs and has devoted unprecedented resources to coverage of the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli landings . ' flag bearers stand to attention during the 100th anniversary service of anzac ( australian and new zealand army corps ) landings at galllipoli , an event the australian sports reporter has called ' an imperialist invasion ' . twitter users labelled mcintyre 's comments an 'un-australian anti anzac disgrace ! ' disgusted social media users began circulating the hashtag # sackscottmcintyre . twitter user brian cox wrote : ' # sackscottmcintyre sbs sack this dirty traitor ! un-australian anti anzac disgrace ! calling anzac 's war criminals on this sacred day ! ' ' come on sbs this disrespectful little grub needs to go # sackscottmcintyre , ' jimmy nuciforo added . ' the anzacs died defending what this idiot is abusing - free speech , ' tweeted another social media user . the hashtag # sackscottmcintyre began trending on twitter after social media users saw his comments . mcintyre 's comments were labelled offensive , especially in light of the centenary of gallipoli . some twitter users defended his right to free speech , and said that if mr mcintyre was fired for ' speaking the truth ' that was compromising his right to express himself . others took offense to the fact the comments were coming from someone employed with taxpayer funds . ' he should lose his taxpayer funded job , ' said one twitter user , while another said , ' not normally my thing , but since i am paying for it ... . # sackscottmcintyre ' . 