this eighteen-month-old boy pulled a rice-cooker brimming with boiling water down on his head , burning deep scars into his face and leaving him almost blind . as a crack team of surgeons from the australian charity , interplast , worked last march to save the sight of little baby seng , from vientiane , laos , inspirational burns survivor turia pitt watched on . turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big , brown eyes . that 's because she knows that if she lived in a country like seng 's , she would n't be here . foreign doctors would n't have been able to save her from the flames that nearly killed her by lashing 64 per cent of her body with burns in 2011 . ' i would n't have survived , ' she said during a candid interview ahead of hosting a fundraising gala on thursday which aims to raise funds for more volunteer medicos to head overseas to save lives and livelihoods . ' if i was from laos or bangladesh , no ifs or buts , 100 per cent i would have died . ' scroll down for video . stronger than ever and inspired by a little burned baby : turia pitt ( pictured ) , who experienced burns to 64 per cent of her body during a september 2011 ultramarathon through the kimberley , western australia . burned by boiling water : little baby seng ( left ) is pictured being operated upon by surgeons in laos ( right ) in a desperate attempt to save his sight . turia pitt witnessed the operation . seng 's sight was saved by keen doctor volunteers from interplast . turia told daily mail australia seng was ' for sure ' one of her inspirations in working for interplast . fitter and stronger than ever : turia pitt 's recovery from the horrific burns that left her clinging to life is inspirational . she recently ran a half-marathon and beat the time she ran before the 2011 kimberley blaze . turia , who has been operated on more than 200 times since she was caught in the flames , believes australians take their medical system for granted . her remarkable recovery is a case-in-point . few would have thought she would be more athletic now than she was before she was seared with burns while running the kimberley ultra-marathon three-and-a-half-years ago . ' i 'm fitter now than i was before ! ' turia told daily mail australia . nervous about medical complications , turia was ' dumbfounded ' when she ran a half-marathon last month at a quicker pace ( 1hr 45mins ) than her time before she was burned ( 1hr 50mins ) . the only difference was that she needed to douse herself in water every 5km , as her skin has lost the ability to keep her temperature stable . powered by a fierce determination to prove herself , turia pitt is fitter than ever , embarking on a ferocious fitness program in a bid to compete in the 2016 melbourne ironman . the six-day-a-week program features three major planks , working on the burns victim 's already impressive cardio fitness , strength and flexibility . if it sounds daunting , never fear - even turia admits she struggles with staying motivated sometimes . ' all of us make excuses , do n't we ? i think it 's a normal thing to do ... i think it 's part of being human . ' the program . cardio : 2 x 2.5k swims per week and she runs around 30kms a week . strength : 2 personal training sessions per week , involving conditioning exercises including box-jumps and squats . flexibility : 2 yoga sessions each week , ' just to get a good stretch ' . ' maybe i 've got something to prove ... i think i am more motivated ' . asked about what motivates her to keep so fit , she told daily mail australia there are bigger obstacles in life than running a marathon . ' maybe i 've got something to prove ... . i think i am more motivated , ' she said , revealing her intense , six-day-a-week training regimen . she is hoping to compete in the 2016 melbourne ironman . ' compared to what i 've been through , things like doing a marathon are rather minor by comparison . ' there were many dark moments during her recovery , she said - ones that required her to draw upon not only her own strength , but that of others . turia experienced many dark moments during her recovery that required her to draw upon not only her own strength , but others as well . her partner michael hoskin ( left , pictured during a hike recently ) has been turia 's most steadfast supporter throughout the entire ordeal . on thursday , turia will hold a gala to raise funds for the same charity that saved seng 's sight , interplast . she will also provide an update on how seng is progressing . ' there were terrible moments when i just wanted to give up , ' she said . not self-conscious : turia pitt has always taken pride in her appearance . only recently she had a scare on the operating table when she stopped breathing while surgeons were attempting to install her new nose , terrifying her partner , michael hoskin , and mother celestine vaite , who been by her side throughout the entire journey . ' i guess i was really blessed because i was surrounded by a really good support team , my partner ( michael ) , my family , my friends , the doctors , the nurses , even my local community of ulladulla . ' in those really hard times i did draw strength from the people around me ' . given the nature of her work with interplast , appearance was another topic turia dwelled upon while talking to daily mail australia . she said she has always taken pride in her appearance , which has n't changed . the burns do n't concern her - instead , they are something she is accustomed to . ' let 's say you 're at a party and you 're self conscious and you think your arse looks big , ' turia said . ' every time someone looks at you , you going to think , `` they 're thinking my arse looks big '' . ' but if you are n't really thinking that at all , you wo n't see it . ' i 'm not looking for people who are looking at me . ' but then , if i was really self-conscious , i 'd probably notice it a lot more - because i 'm sure there are people who do look at me . ' years after the disaster , life is something close to normal now for turia , who lives life according to a simple creed . ' all i do is wake up and try and get the most out of each day , ' she said . ' and that 's kind of what i 've always done . ' as for baby seng , it is understood his big , brown eyes can see again - perhaps allowing him to live a life with the same clarity of purpose as turia . ' all i do is wake up and try and get the most out of each day , ' turia pitt told daily mail australia . that is the simple creed by which she lives her life .    