a furious motorist has plastered his £35,000 audi a5 with slogans and parked it outside the dealership he bought it from because it uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up . ravi beefnah , 34 , parked his white audi a5 - which is covered in red lettering - outside the entrance of the dealership in chelmsford , essex , in february as a warning to other buyers . two months later and mr beefnah 's protest is still there , with the owner claiming that audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car . scroll down for video . ravi beefnah plastered his £35,000 audi a5 with slogans and parked it outside the dealership he bought it from because it uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up . mr beefnah 's car has been parked outside the audi dealership in chelmsford , essex , for two months . mr beefnah claims that audi failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car . the unhappy driver says he parked his car there as warning to other drivers considering buying an audi . he said : ' i came up with the idea after becoming fed up with the dealership . ' you just do n't expect problems when buying a brand new car from what is supposed to be a reputable company . mr beefnah says he parked his car there as warning to other drivers considering buying an audi . ' i decided that the car 's not fit for purpose and i 'm not going to be able to drive it so i might as well get some use out of it . ' one of the warnings written on the vehicle states : ' audi acceptable oil consumption for this car is 12.75 pints ( 7.2 litres ) of oil per every 9,000 miles . ' this car uses 1 litre every 250 miles = every petrol fill up ! ' mr beefnah , from colchester , essex , claims a fault with the audi 2011 tfsi ( turbo fuel stratified injection ) petrol engine is widespread and is taking the dealership to court over their failure to fix it on his car . audi admits there was a problem with some of the engines and has offered to fix cars with the issue free of charge , including mr beefnah 's . but he intends to keep his car parked outside chelmsford audi until his civil case is resolved , and is demanding £9,000 to cover the costs of fixing the car , which can reach speeds of 150mph . before professionally printing the signs onto the audi , the motorist had the claims reviewed by a solicitor before checking the legality of long-term parking outside the dealership with police . his claim follows a class action in the us , which saw audi agree to fix 126,000 a4s , a5s and q5 models with the oil problem . mr beefnah added : ' the car is going to stay there until this is sorted . ' even if i lose the case , which i think is extremely unlikely considering the evidence , the car will stay there . ' i do n't want other drivers to have to go through what i have . ' mr beefnah , from colchester , essex , claims a fault with the audi 2011 tfsi ( turbo fuel stratified injection ) petrol engine is widespread and is taking the dealership to court over their failure to fix it on his car . audi admits there was a problem with some of the engines and has offered to fix cars with the issue free of charge , including mr beefnah 's . an audi uk spokesman said : ' audi uk is wholly confident that chelmsford audi has made every effort to resolve the issue involving mr beefnah 's car in accordance with the guidelines it has set out . ' these relate to a small number of older audi vehicles powered by the 2.0 tfsi engine which have exceeded our factory tolerance for oil usage and require rectification . last year , following a class-action lawsuit in the us , audi agreed to settle with motorists who complained their cars were consuming too much oil . the manufacturer settled to fix 2009-2010 audi a4s and audi a5s and 2011 audi a4 , audi a5 , and audi q5 with the engine code caeb . the issue affects up to 126,000 cars . under the settlement , audi owners are entitled to repairs to the crankshaft of their cars . audi will also reimburse the cost of any repairs carried out by owners of some of the vehicles . ' the majority of these cases have been resolved at no cost to the customer via our comprehensive audi uk warranty , and the remainder are being dealt with on a case-by-case basis with support levels based on important criteria such as the vehicle 's service history in accordance with manufacturer recommendations . ' unfortunately we are unable to make any further comment relating to the specific detail surrounding this case due to ongoing legal proceedings involving mr beefnah and chelmsford audi . ' whilst this is a third party dispute we have attempted to assist the parties in resolving this issue fairly , reasonably and amicably . ' as such we invite mr beefnah to bring his car to any audi centre where our technicians will rectify the claimed issue free-of-charge . ' should any customers have any concerns , they should contact audi customer services on 0800 699888 or customer.services @ audi.co.uk . '