a second liberal democrat election candidate has revealed he is hiv positive as he launched a scathing attack on nigel farage for his comments on the condition during last week 's tv debate . paul childs , who is running in the liverpool riverside seat , said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed with the virus in 2011 following a routine test after starting a new relationship with a man . the air steward said he was revealing he had hiv because he was infuriated by the ukip leader 's ' scaremongering ' over the number of foreigners who have the condition . scroll down for video . paul childs ( pictured canvassing ) is the second liberal democrat parliamentary candidate to reveal he is hiv positive . mr childs said he decided to reveal he had hiv because he was infuriated by nigel farage 's ' scaremongering ' over foreigners who have the virus . the election candidate is the second lib dem to go public with their hiv positive status , after adrian hyyrylainen-trett , who is running for the party in vauxhall , central london , explained that he got the virus intentionally as he embarked on a path of self ' annihilation ' . mr childs told buzzfeed that he received a phone call from doctors after the hiv test saying they would like him to return for a second examination - something done after a positive result . ' i was never expecting it to happen . i remember being at work , sitting in a corridor and bursting into tears . i started shaking and getting really scared , ' he said . the second test also came back positive , confirming that mr childs , who is now 34 , was infected . ukip leader nigel farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with hiv in the television debate . he said : ' i cried in front of the nurse – the staff were very supportive . i knew a little bit about what hiv meant because i’d done some work with a gay men’s health charity in glasgow but i still had in my head that it was a terminal diagnosis . i asked the doctor how long i had to live . ' mr childs said he felt compelled to tell his story after mr farage said that thousands of people with hiv in the uk were not british . during the televised debates , the ukip leader said : ‘here’s a fact and i’m sure that other people will be mortified that i dare to talk about it . ‘ there are 7,000 diagnoses in this country every year for people who are hiv positive . it’s not a good place for any of them to be , i know , but 60 per cent of them are not british nationals . ‘ you can come into britain from anywhere in the world and get diagnosed with hiv and get the retroviral drugs that cost up to £25,000 a year per patient . ‘ i know there are some horrible things happening in many parts of the world , but what we need to do is put the national health service there for british people and families who in many cases have paid into the system for decades . ’ mr childs , who is hoping to beat louise ellman in the safe labour seat , said mr farage was ' scaremongering ' . he said : ' you can’t keep blaming a country’s problems on immigrants . hiv is a drop in the ocean compared to what else the nhs is spending money on . 'it’s just scaremongering , scaremongering to get votes . it’s playing on people’s ignorance and fear . ' the lib dem candidate is the second from the party to reveal they are hiv positive during this election campaign . adrian hyyrylainen-trett , who is running for the lib dems in vauxhall , central london , explained that he got hiv intentionally as he embarked on a path of self ' annihilation ' . mr hyyrylainen-trett - the first parliamentary candidate to publicly discuss being hiv positive - said he caught the virus when contemplating suicide , thinking it could be a way for him to die . the 36-year-old revealed he attempted suicide on a few occasions , took countless drugs , got involved in the gay wrestling scene and put himself in vulnerable situations during a troubled phase of his life . he told buzzfeed : ' i thought , `` what 's another way of doing it ? '' even though i knew people were surviving from hiv , i thought , `` perhaps if i can make myself so ill , get the worst strain possible , that would be one way of getting rid of myself . '' ' but the prospective mp said he realised once he was diagnosed he did not want hiv at all , and that all his actions were just an attempt to ' annihilate ' himself . the disclosures have made mr hyyrylainen-trett the first parliamentary candidate to discuss being hiv positive publicly . labour mp chris smith previously announced his hiv positive status when he was leaving the house of commons for the lords .