roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli in serie a on saturday in a key match for champions league places . miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper morgan de sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by napoli in the second half . ' it 's important to win a match and gain some continuity , ' de sanctis said . ' the last ( four ) months were tough in terms of results . so to win in front of our fans fills us with pride . ' miralem pjanic slots home to put roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack . pjanic ( second left ) celebrates with his team-mates juan iturbe , and daniele de rossi after scoring . second-place roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals lazio , who play later on saturday . they had gone seven matches since their last home win - a 4-2 victory over inter milan on november 30 . meanwhile , napoli 's winless streak - home and away - was extended to five matches , and diego maradona 's former club remained fifth . security was tight for napoli 's first visit to roma since a fan of the southern club died following a shooting before last season 's italian cup final at the stadio olimpico . napoli manager rafa benitez shows the strain after his side failed to win for the fifth straight game . roma keeper morgan de sanctis ( right ) was excellent to deny the visitors and protect the three points . residents of the entire campania region that includes naples were barred from buying tickets for the match and 1,000 police officers were called in to maintain order . but there were no reports of problems . roma was without injured captain francesco totti and fellow forward gervinho but pjanic quickly made an impact with a free kick from 30 meters that sailed just wide of the post . a few minutes later , juan iturbe rapidly carried into the area and passed to alessandro florenzi , who from the right flank picked out pjanic to slot it in . roma full back jose holebas tracks napoli midfielder jose callejon as roma finally won at home . iburte skips past miguel britoss during a vital win for roma , who have fallen off the pace recently . napoli may have had a case for a penalty when kostas manolas stopped jonathan de guzman in the 39th with shoulder contact but there was n't much of a protest to referee nicola rizzoli , who officiated last year 's world cup final . in the second half , de sanctis was superb in denying dries mertens on several occasions . the 38-year-old goalkeeper also made a leaping save on a shot from manolo gabbiadini in the 64th . iturbe had a chance to make it 2-0 two minutes from time but hit the outside of the net . napoli forward lorenzo insigne came on late for his first action since tearing his knee in november . 