skipper john o'shea has challenged sunderland to keep their fate in their own hands by securing a fifth successive derby victory over newcastle . the wear-tyne rivals meet at the stadium of light on sunday with sunderland having won the last four meetings , but in grave need of three points to ease themselves away from the developing battle for barclays premier league survival . o'shea and his team-mates could find themselves inside the relegation zone by the time they run out if burnley get the better of tottenham in the day 's earlier kick-off , and that would make three points a necessity . john o'shea , pictured playing for ireland at the weekend , wants a fifth straight derby win against newcastle . the black cats captain celebrates scoring against newcastle in the tyne-wear derby of 2012 . the republic of ireland international told safsee : ' that 's the big issue : whoever we were facing this weekend , be in newcastle , be it crystal palace , be it southampton , whoever the case may be , it 's a case of getting the three points as soon as we can and getting everyone energised again and looking forward to the remaining games . ' look , we know we 're not in the position that we 'd like to be in , but we know we can get out of it . it 's in our hands . ' after a dreadful run of results against their arch-rivals , the black cats have fared rather well in recent times , winning the last three at st james ' park and the most recent game on wearside . asked what lay behind that run of results , o'shea said : ' staying together as a unit , keeping the team spirit strong , working as a unit all over the pitch and taking chances . ' making sure we got clean sheets and also whether it was early or late in the game , making sure we took chances - they were the keys , and obviously having a strong squad as well because there were a couple of times where there were changes in the line-up before games . jermain defoe rues a missed opportunity during defeat to west ham in sunderland 's previous game . ' everyone has got to be mentally prepared to start the game , and obviously anything can happen then in the 90 minutes . ' look , it 's one of those things , we have a chance of creating a fantastic record against a big rival , the main rival for us , so it 's a fantastic opportunity . ' but ultimately , it comes down to wanting it more on the day and hopefully , that will be the case . ' 