the greatest challenge to rory mcilroy 's grand slam bid or tiger woods ' latest comeback at this week 's masters could come from mother nature . players endured rainy spells during their practice on tuesday with forecasts that the wet weather is set continue once the tournament gets underway on thursday april 9 . the typically warm and humid georgia weather is expected to be unsettled by a cold front heading into augusta for the weekend , which is likely to bring more showers and thunderstorms , especially on friday and saturday . rory mcilroy hides under an umbrella as the heaven 's open during practice on tuesday . world no 1 makes his way through the rain ahead of his bid to complete a career grand slam . dark clouds gather over the course as england 's lee westwood practices his putting . the practice round ahead of the tournament was disrupted by bad weather in augusta . mcilroy 's caddie j.p. fitzgerald holds an umbrella over the player 's head to let him take a putt . spectators , wrapped in an assortment of weatherproofs , are caught in a deluge while walking the course . despite using an umbrella to shield himself from the elements on tuesday , mcilroy could find himself facing record high temperatures on the first day of play - with the mercury expected to reach 90f , approaching the record 91f set in 2011 . augusta national has its own weather centre where officials can keep an eye on any extreme changes and evacuate players , spectators and staff from the course if necessary . according to accuweather.com , thursday and sunday will likely be the best weather days at the tournament while friday and saturday carry potential for storms with strong winds . many spectators were forced to watch their heroes hone their swings from under shelter , although the course 's state of the art drainage system mean that play is unlikely to be delayed . weather reports have forecast unseasonably high temperatures and stormy weather across the four days . spectators may have to get used to taking cover beneath trees , especially on friday and saturday . a cold front coming over georgia is likely to bring more stormy weather and strong winds . golf fans flock to leave august national as the rain pours down on tuesday . spectators under shelter take a look at the tournament 's order of play , beginning on thursday morning . water puddles on a seat with the masters ' logo with the start of the tournament only a day away .    