two air force nuclear missile launch officers who are facing drug charges related to ecstasy , cocaine and bath salts now face hearings to determine whether they will be court-martialed . 1st lt michael alonso and 1st lt lantz balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal . one of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in january and was kicked out of the service , the air force said on friday . 1st lt michael alonso and 1st lt lantz balthazar of malmstrom air force base in montana have been charged . alonso and balthazar are both members of the 12th missile squadron at the 341st missile wing at the base . alonso and balthazar are both members of the 12th missile squadron at the 341st missile wing at malmstrom air force base in montana . the malmstrom missile wing operates 150 of the air force 's 450 minuteman 3 intercontinental ballistic missiles , or icbms . launch officers are trained to operate icbms that are armed with nuclear warheads and are on constant alert for possible launch . alonso was charged with violations of the uniform code of military justice for illegal possession , use and distribution of ecstasy and for ' conspiracy related to the drug offenses ' , according to malmstrom spokesman josh aycock . balthazar was charged with illegal possession , use and distribution of ecstasy and cocaine and for conspiracy related to the drug offenses . he also was charged with illegal use of pentedrone , which aycock said is commonly called bath salts . both officers were charged april 17 . malmstrom 's missile wing operates 150 of the air force 's 450 minuteman 3 intercontinental ballistic missiles . aycock said their cases will be reviewed at article 32 hearings , which are akin to a civilian grand jury proceeding , to determine whether there is enough criminal evidence to warrant a court-martial . the hearings have not been scheduled , aycock said . alonso and balthazar were among three minuteman 3 launch officers at malmstrom who were under investigation for illegal drug use . the other , 2nd lt nicole dalmazzi , was charged in december and court-martialed in january . dalmazzi , a member of the same squadron , pleaded guilty to illegal use of ecstasy and was dismissed from the air force and sentenced to a month of confinement in a montana jail . the air force had also charged her with obstructing the air force office of special investigations probe by allegedly dyeing her hair to alter the results of hair-follicle drug tests , but that charge was later dropped . the cases at malmstrom stem from a drug investigation that began in august 2013 at edwards air force base in california . when investigators examined the cellphones of two airmen at edwards they found text messages to or from 11 other air force officers at several other air bases , including malmstrom . the messages allegedly detailed specific illegal drug use and led to the discovery that some had also improperly exchanged answers to icbm launch officer proficiency tests . the icbm force , which also operates from bases in wyoming and north dakota , has been under the public spotlight in recent years for a series of embarrassing missteps related to low morale , disciplinary problems , a lack of resources , training lapses and leadership failures . last november , then-defense secretary chuck hagel announced plans for top-to-bottom changes in management of nuclear forces and said the pentagon would spend $ 8billion to fix it . in testimony to a senate panel this week , an administration official who headed a detailed review of the nuclear forces for hagel last year said her group believed that as much as $ 25billion could be needed to fix an array of problems . ' the problems that we found were worse and they were much more systemic ' than expected , madelyn creedon said in her testimony wednesday . creedon , who was head of the pentagon 's nuclear policy shop at the time and is now principal deputy administrator of the national nuclear security administration , said her review found morale in the nuclear air force was ' not good . ' nuclear missile crews told her they ' felt trapped ' in their job . ' they would say , ' well , i have the nuclear stink on me so i do n't have much of a future in the rest of the air force , '' she said . the air force says it has begun to change that attitude by implementing a range of changes and improvements that are being felt across the force . launch officers are trained to operate missiles armed with nuclear warheads and are on constant alert .