a briton jailed in burma for using an image of the buddha to promote his bar has been ‘abandoned’ by the foreign office , according to human rights campaigners . phil blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a burmese court last month after posting the mocked-up image of the buddha wearing dj headphones on facebook . the tongue-in-cheek advert for a cheap-drinks night at the vgastro bar in rangoon provoked outrage among devout buddhists . scroll down for video . phil blackwood ( left ) was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a burmese court last month after posting a mocked-up image of buddha wearing dj headphones on facebook . human rights campaigners claim he has been ' abandoned ' by the foreign office . the 32-year-old bar manager , who has dual new zealand and british nationality , was found guilty of insulting religion along with the bar’s burmese owner and another manager , despite apologising profusely for posting the picture . all three were given the same sentence . mps and human rights campaigners said mr blackwood , who is married with a young daughter , is enduring appalling conditions in the notorious insein prison . they also claimed the british government had ‘ turned its back’ on mr blackwood , who lived in middlesbrough until his family moved to new zealand when he was four . the 32-year-old bar manager , who has dual new zealand and british nationality , was found guilty of insulting religion because of this picture . in a commons answer , a foreign office minister admitted he was not aware mr blackwood was a british citizen . last night , his father brian insisted that the family had informed the british authorities of his son’s dual nationality after his arrest . although new zealand diplomats were taking the lead , he said that the family expected the foreign office to exert pressure on burma . middlesbrough mp andy mcdonald said : ' philip blackwood has been unjustly imprisoned for an honest mistake for which he has already issued a heartfelt apology . ' as a british citizen , rather than turning their back on mr blackwood , the foreign and commonwealth office should be pulling every available leaver to secure his immediate and unconditional release so that he can return to his family . ' there is international concern over a surge of religious nationalism in burma , ruled until recently by a military junta . a foreign and commonwealth office spokesman said : ‘ our ambassador in burma made clear that we were following the case closely when he raised it with the burmese minister of the presidency . ‘ our embassy in rangoon has provided advice and support to the new zealanders on mr blackwood’s case . ’