they could be depicting the froth off a latte or frosted sea-glass washed ashore , but these unique photographs are actually the surreal moment ocean foam explodes in the air . ocean photographer lloyd meudell started taking images of the sea with a gopro after being an avid surfer his entire life . he formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment , he began to shoot ocean foam , calling the venture ' foam surrealism . ' ' when the tide is high , the water comes in and it breaks in front of cliffs , explodes into the air and creeps over the sand , ' mr meudell told daily mail australia . an ocean photographer has captured the unique and surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand . ' when the tide is high , the water comes in and it breaks in front of cliffs , explodes into the air and creeps over the sand , ' he said . ' taking these sort of images is all i do apart from go to work . ' mr meudell grew up on the south coast of new south wales and takes most of his shots on kiama beach spanning to gerrigong beach . after receiving emails from potential buyers asking how they can purchase one of his prints , mr meudell started a website and he admits the purchasers are not what you 'd expect . ' they are for anyone , from any country and it 's not just people who love ocean photography that buy these pieces , ' he said . ' i surprisingly have a lot of elderly ladies purchase my foam images . ' the 40-year-old chooses his time wisely , often waking up at the crack of dawn to get the ultimate shot . ' the best time is always the morning or the evening because that 's when you get the beautiful colours , ' he said . ' although he has only been taking ocean photos for two years , mr meudell 's shots draw from works of surrealism such as salvador dali and appear very dream-like . mr meudell takes most of his shots on kiama beach spanning to gerrigong beach on the south coast of nsw . he uses an eos 5d mark iii dslr and numerous lenses to achieve the unique shots but does not reveal settings he uses to keep air of mystery . the 40-year-old advises other budding photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works before getting behind a lens . mr meudell uses an eos 5d mark iii dslr and numerous lenses to achieve the remarkable shots but admits , as an artist , he regrettably can not reveal his secrets . ' through my instagram and website , i get so many people asking me what shutter speed , iso and aperture i use , ' he said . ' and it 's cool they want to do the same thing , but i got out there and did it myself , so that 's what i advise others to do . ' mr meudell instead advises budding photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works before getting behind a lens . ' spending time in the water and knowing how a wave breaks really helps with this kind of photography , ' he said . ' someone who has never surfed in their life wo n't pick it up as quick as someone who has spent their whole life surfing . ' he also said to start with a gopro due to their simplicity and build up to a dslr . ' but on top of everything , make sure you 're having fun . '   