jimmy’s ton up . jimmy anderson was given a silver cap by mike atherton to mark his 100th test . and well deserved it was , too . the list of fast bowling centurions is a short one and anderson finds himself in good company with courtney walsh ( 132 ) , glenn mcgrath ( 124 ) , chaminda vaas ( 111 ) , shaun pollock ( 108 ) , wasim akram ( 104 ) and makhaya ntini ( 101 ) . jimmy anderson was presented with a special silver cap after reaching 100 test matches for england . richie remembered . in a week when cricket lost one of its most revered voices , respectful tributes were paid before play began in antigua . both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute’s silence in honour of the late , great richie benaud , who passed away last week . the players and officials also wore black armbands to show their respect . both teams paid their respects to richie benaud before the start of play after he died last week . candid cameron . dave cameron — the west indies cricket board president as opposed to the prime minister — said he needed to convince his team of the worth of playing for their country rather than playing for themselves . he told the bbc : ‘ we have to help them understand that the team is the most important thing . ’ high and knighty . there were some famous faces on show as the two ends of the sir vivian richards stadium were renamed in honour of sir curtly ambrose and sir andy roberts . both were knighted at the ground in 2014 and sir curtly was joined by sir viv before play started . though the power seems to have gone to curtly’s head , judging by his unusual haircut ... west indies coach sir curtly ambrose ( far left ) with sir viv richards ( second left ) before the start of play . cash before country . what a shame that west indies’ best batsman chris gayle chose to play in the ipl rather than for his country . gayle hit 21 in a royal challengers bangalore loss . it is a sad sign of the times that west indies’ best would put a t20 competition before test cricket . money talks , of course , and gayle has become very wealthy through twenty20 cricket . it is certainly more lucrative than playing for west indies . chris gayle ( right ) pictured playing for the royal challengers bangalore during the 2012 edition of the ipl . new designs . ian bell and joe root could be seen wearing new headgear out in the middle . after the death of phillip hughes last year , british helmet manufacturers masuri designed a new model with honeycomb padding to protect the back of the head — where hughes was struck . ian bell seen wearing a new helmet that had been designed in the wake of phillip hughes ' death . missing moeen . moeen ali continued his return from injury with 62 for worcestershire as they took on champions yorkshire in the county championship . moeen , who has not played for england since straining his side at the world cup , also bowled nine overs and could yet join up with the squad in the west indies . moeen ali scored 62 for worcestershire against yorkshire in the county championship and bowled nine overs .