david cameron , wearing notably clean new work boots , today set out seven key tory policies which he said would help get people on to the property ladder . a million people will be able to realise the dream of home ownership by 2020 , david cameron claimed today as he donned hi-vis to tour a building site . the prime minister said seven key tory policies would help get people on to the property ladder by building more homes and cutting the cost of saving for a deposit , moving house and paying off mortgages . the tory leader , wearing notably clean new work boots , as he chatted to house builders , insisted ' dream of home ownership is alive ' . mr cameron used the launch of the conservative party manifesto yesterday to promise voters ' security at every stage of your life ' . he said the ' greatest sunshine that there can possibly be ' included helping more people but their own home , as well as getting a job and having dignity in retirement . today the tory leader set out a seven point plan which he claims will help build more houses and making it easier for first-time buyers , claiming it will help a million people become homeowners over the next parliament . mr cameron said : ' the conservative party is the party of working people , offering you security at every stage of your lives . ' at the heart of that is helping people onto the housing ladder . it comes back to our values . we believe if you work hard , save up , and do the right thing , you should be able to buy your own place . ' the plans in our manifesto will open home ownership to a million more people . with us , the dream of home ownership is alive . ' and it 's why we can look the working people of britain in the eye and say we are with you . that 's why we are setting out a seven point plan to help build more houses , and help more people get a home of their own . ' the seven point plan includes the help to buy isa , announced by george osborne in last month 's budget , which will help first-time buyers save for a deposit . for every £200 someone puts towards a deposit , the government will add £50 up to a maximum of £12,000 , meaning a bonus of up to £3,000 . savers will be able to earn hundreds of pounds in interest before paying tax . the tories say it is effectively a tax cut for first time buyers , and will be available from this autumn . the second policy is a pledge to will build 200,000 starter homes which will be sold at a 20 per cent discount on the market value to first time buyers under the age of 40 . thirdly , the help to buy : equity loan scheme has been extended to 2020 . for first-time buyers who have saved a 5 per cent deposit , the government will offer a loan of 20 per cent , with the remaining 75 per cent covered by a mortgage . the tories expect the extension to help people buy at least 100,000 new build homes over the next five years . the tory leader , visiting the weston homes aura building site , edgware , boasted that with him in charge , the ' dream of home ownership is alive ' . the fourth policy is the funding of 75,000 shared ownership homes by 2020 and the fifth is the abolition of the hated slab system of stamp duty , so it rises steadily based on the value of the home . it means stamp duty has been cut for 98 per cent of the people who pay it . for example , someone buying a house costing £275,000 , would pay £4,500 less in tax . mr cameron announced the two final policies in his speech yesterday . it includes a new £1 billion brownfield regeneration fund , to help councils clear derelict or contaminated land which can be used to build 400,000 extra homes over four years . he also announced a massive extension in the right to buy scheme to 1.3million housing association tenants . the existing right to buy allows tenants living in council-owned properties local authority tenants to buy houses and flats at a discount of as much as 70 per cent up to a maximum of £102,700 in london and £77,000 across the rest of england . mr cameron announced a massive extension in the right to buy scheme to 1.3million housing association tenants . the conservatives plan would extend the scheme to people living in properties owned by housing associations - not-for-profit bodies that receive public money and loans from the private sector to provide low-cost homes . around 500,000 housing association tenants currently have no purchase rights and 800,000 who qualify only for much less generous discounts of £16,000 or less . local councils will be required to sell off their most expensive properties as they become vacant , in order to raise an estimated £4.5 billion a year to fund the scheme . some 15,000 houses and flats are expected to become available in this way each year , but tories stressed that no-one will be forced out of their home .