a freezer trawler has sunk in a peninsula off the coast of russia , killing at least 56 crew members . a massive rescue operation involving more than 1,300 people is now underway after the ship , carrying an international crew of 132 , sank in the sea of okhotsk in just 15 minutes . rescued crew members reported that the ship , called the dalny vostock , was unstable because of empty fuel tanks and a lack of ballast as it sailed through the kamchatka peninsula . the russian freezer trawler , called the dalny vostok , that sank while carrying 132 crew members at 4am on thursday morning local time . at least 54 bodies have been recovered in the huge rescue operation . map showing the location of the disaster . there are 13 members of the crew are still missing after the trawler tipped over when a fishing net was pulled in , a regional governor told russian television on thursday . it tipped over when a fishing net weighing 80 tons was pulled in , said oleg kozhemyako , acting governor of the nearby sakhalin region . kozhemyako 's comments on russian television came after the federal investigative committee said it was considering all possible causes for the sinking , but it was likely that the trawler hit ' an object ' floating in the sea , perhaps drifting ice . more than 26 fishing boats in the area have helped to rescue members of the crew , but have also recovered 56 bodies . the disaster happened at around 4am local time , and the trawler did not send any distress signals before it sank , the interfax news agency said . early reports added that the dalny vostok sank in just 15 minutes after its engine compartment had been flooded . so far 63 people have been rescued , with survivors suffering from hypothermia and other injuries being airlifted to hospital . at the latest count there are 13 people still missing . an emergency services representative told local media that two of the bodies were found on thursday evening - one in a lifeboat 105 kilometres ( 65 miles ) away , and the other in the water nearby . those saved had managed to get into lifeboats and some had put on wet suits . the russian emergencies ministry sent an mi-8 helicopter with rescuers and doctors aboard to treat and transport rescued crew members to hospitals in the city of magadan , it said on its website . a rescuer uses a satellite phone while onboard a helicopter as they fly over the sea of okhotsk scouring the waters for survivors . around 1,300 fishermen and emergency staff are involved in the rescue operation . a russian emergencies ministry ship looks for survivors after the dalny vostock sank . temperatures in the water can dip to as low as -2 degrees celsius , and so far it is confirmed that 56 crew members have drowned . a telephone hotline for families of the crew has also been set up . among the 132 crew members , 78 are from russia , 42 from myanmar and the rest from latvia , ukraine and vanuatu . pyotr osichansky , president of the far eastern association of sea captains , told russian television that when the trawler last docked in russia , in january , it had fewer than 70 crew members . the additional crew members were most likely picked up in pusan , south korea , and were working illegally , he said . the sea of okhotsk is the coldest sea in east asia with the air temperature plummeting to -20 degrees celsius in the winter months . following the tragedy 63 people have been rescued , but the bodies of 56 sailors have been pulled from the freezing sea . early reports say the trawler sank in 15 minutes when its engine room was flooded . between october and april the area the area is ' constantly ' covered with ice and there is very little rain , according to encyclopedia britannica . survivors of the incident are reportedly being interviewed as well as the owners of the trawler , as the police start investigating the disaster . it is understood they are questioning whether there was a violation of safety procedures that led to more deaths , a report in russia today said . the 100-metre long trawler was built in 1989 and was equipped to freeze and can fish .