wayne rooney may have to revert to a midfield role at stamford bridge on saturday night after michael carrick and daley blind were two of four manchester united players ruled out of the clash with chelsea . centre-backs phil jones and marcos rojo will also miss the trip to the premier league leaders , and with jonny evans completing his six-match ban , louis van gaal described it as ‘ the worst scenario’ . jones and blind , who was injured by vincent kompany’s controversial challenge in the manchester derby last weekend , both have ankle injuries while carrick limped out of that game with a tight calf and rojo later reported a stomach muscle problem . michael carrick limped off against manchester city while marcos rojo picked up an injury soon after . louis van gaal also revealed in his pre-match press conference that daley blind and phil jones are out . wayne rooney has impressed up front in recent weeks but may have to drop further back . louis van gaal puts his arm round manchester united captain wayne rooney during training this week . van gaal has revealed that rooney may play in holding midfield role against chelsea . 4-1-4-1 : de gea ; valencia , smalling , blackett , shaw ; rooney ; mata , herrera , fellaini , young ; falcao . united’s injury setback means that luke shaw and radamel falcao could both be recalled against jose mourinho’s side . ‘ i have to tell that we have four injuries who played the last match so that’s not so good for us , ’ said van gaal . ‘ we had very good hope that we should recover two of the four but it’s not like that . carrick is out and rojo is out , but also blind and jones . ‘that’s the worst scenario because rojo and jones are good players at the left central defender position . evans is suspended so we don’t have many choices . blind and carrick could play the midfield holding position and i don’t have any other option , or i have to play wayne rooney in that position again . i have to puzzle a lot for tomorrow . ‘ other players can take profit of the momentum now . it’s always like that . it’s not special in the life of a manager or a team . ‘ you have seen that i took jones off pitch ( against manchester city ) because of injury , you have seen that carrick was off the pitch , you have seen the tackle of kompany against blind . only rojo is a little bit surprising because he felt it the day after the match . ‘it’s because of the distance between the matches . blind and jones were very close to playing but it was not enough . ‘ other players can take profit of the moment now . it’s always like that . it’s not special in the life of a manager or a team . ’ louis van gaal addresses the media ahead of man united 's crucial premier league clash with chelsea . luke shaw has n't featured under louis van gaal recently but should return to play at left back . juan mata is closed down by his man united team-mates during a training session on friday . maroaune fellaini will be hoping to continue his impressive form against chelsea on saturday evening . marouane fellaini is embraced by his team-mates after scoring against rivals man city last week . sports analysts bsports predict that a chelsea win is easily the most likely outcome at stamford bridge . asked if shaw could return for the first time since being substituted in the fa cup defeat to arsenal last month amid concerns over his fitness , van gaal replied : ‘ maybe you shall see tomorrow . you never know . luke is fit enough i think . he has already had more than four or five weeks with no match and i don’t like that . but we train and i think he is fit enough . ’ with chelsea holding an eight-point lead and a game in hand over third-placed united , van gaal believes it is asking too much for his team to win the title . he also claimed that mourinho will be happy with a draw . ‘it’s still possible , i’ve said that before , ’ he added . ‘ it is not logical but it is possible . it’s more when and if , and i don’t believe in when and if . i believe in facts . the fact is that we are behind chelsea . ‘ but , alright , we have to play against them and so do arsenal so we can lay pressure on chelsea’s shoulders . you never know , you’ve seen it in previous premier league seasons . so i can not say it is not possible , but it is not logical . ‘ they play at home but i think that chelsea will be satisfied with a draw . of course they will want to beat manchester united and we want to beat them , the question is how long players can play in the discipline . ‘ we live for these titles , we are doing this for that . the only satisfaction you have as a manager is when you win a title . when you are second or third you can play champions league , but a title is more fixed for you and you have your name on it . that’s why managers are fixated on titles . when you reach that goal you are happy . ‘ to be involved in the game with young people to reach a goal , that is also a goal of mine . that is why i’m still a manager because i don’t have to work anymore – you can count on that . i like to work with young people and help them in their career . ’ robin van persie ( back right ) has only been training with united for a week but may return to feature . van gaal gave a young mourinho his break in coaching at barcelona . asked to compare the portuguese with his current assistant ryan giggs , the united boss admitted that he has been surprised by the old trafford legend’s work ethic . he said : ‘it’s always difficult . people compare with each other because jose mourinho was not the world-class player that ryan giggs was . so that’s the same thing with me . i was not as world-class as , for example , johann cruyff yet our ambition is maybe then higher . ‘ but i have to admit that i could not imagine when i spoke with him ( giggs ) in may or june to ask him to be my assistant manager and we spoke about how we saw it , that he works very hard . as an ex-player you are not used to working very hard and he is a very hard worker , and he reads the game very well like jose . but to manage a group you have to work , and what i can see is that he’s learning quickly . ’ chris smalling celebrates after netting the fourth goal in the comprehensive victory at old trafford .  