britain should be wary of adopting trendy pupil-led teaching techniques from scandinavia because they may be making standards worse , a new report claims . progressive education experts in the uk have long pushed for our system to emulate the group work and independent study that is popular in finland , which has regularly topped international league tables . but a new analysis of finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since the country embraced fashionable teaching methods . pupil-led techniques : a new analysis of finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since the country embraced fashionable teaching methods ( file picture ) . according to research by the right-leaning centre for policy studies , finland only did so well before because of the influence of traditional teacher-led methods . but it has slipped down international rankings tables as the new liberal techniques became more widespread . the findings will add weight to arguments by michael gove that a return to traditional teacher-led lessons are the way to raise standards in schools . the former education secretary made it his mission to fight the ‘progressive’ methodology of the education establishment , which he referred to as ‘ the blob’ . report author gabriel heller sahlgren said : ‘ my research shows that the methods that we have been trying to push through in england and america for years are not good for test scores . ‘ pupils who aren’t motivated are not necessarily interested in learning . if you give them too much freedom , it’s difficult to know if they’re learning anything . it’s not very effective . former education secretary : the findings will add weight to arguments by michael gove ( pictured ) that a return to traditional teacher-led lessons are the way to raise standards in schools . ‘ here in the uk , there is a tendency to abolish traditional methods because they’re old , but we need to decrease this bias . ’ finland was proclaimed an ‘ education superpower’ after appearing at the top of international rankings tables between 2001 and 2009 . many in the education establishment have pushed for the finnish model of pupil-led learning to be used as an inspiration for the british system . instead of giving whole-class instruction from a blackboard , teachers have instead adopted small group work , independent learning and educational activities and games . but today’s report , which examines education policy and performance in finland over the last half century , found implementation of the new methods coincided with a recent slump in performance . between 2006 and 2012 , finland’s performance in pisa tests run by the organisation for economic co-operation and development ( oecd ) declined . it sunk by 18 points in scientific literacy , 23 points in reading literacy , and 29 points in mathematical literacy . in 2006 , it was second in the world for maths , while in 2012 it was 12th . rankings for reading and science also slipped several places . report author : gabriel heller sahlgren ( above ) said the methods ' are not good for test scores ' . teachers training in the 1990s learnt the new methods and only began to teach them in the 2000s , the report said . before this , education in finland had been traditional , hierarchical and teacher-led , according to the author , and it was this that was responsible for its stellar performances in the league tables . mr sahlgren added : ‘ the reforms in finland that people are crediting with its improvement actually only began in the early 2000s . ‘ when finland was improving , the education system was very authoritative and teacher-led . finland was improving in the 1980s but rounded off in around 1995 . in the early 2000s , it started to fall . ’ the report , titled ‘ real finnish lessons’ , said that finland’s education system had instead been buoyed by socio-economic factors until recently . these included a strong work ethic and cultural sense of responsibility , as well as the high status of teachers leading to talented individuals entering the profession . mr gove prompted a fierce backlash from teachers two years ago after saying he wanted them to stop using innovative approaches which ‘ dumbed down’ education . he gave an example of ‘ making plasticine models to represent hitler’s main aims as fuhrer’ as a method which had ‘ nothing to do with passing on knowledge’ . he said part of the problem was a ‘ belief that education should not be an activity in which the teacher imparts knowledge to the child but a pursuit - by the child - of what it finds interesting’ . mr sahlgren is director of research at the centre for the study of market reform of education think tank .