the navy says a second seal has died following a training accident in a swimming pool at a base in virginia . lt. david lloyd tells media outlets that special warfare operator 1st class brett allen marihugh of livonia , michigan , died sunday . the 34-year-old marihugh and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis of queens , new york , were found unresponsive on friday at the bottom of the combat swimming training facility at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story . lewis died friday . lloyd says both sailors were members of naval special warfare group 2 . ' training accident ' : special warfare operator 1st class brett allen marihugh ( left ) of livonia , michigan , died sunday after he and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis were found unresponsive at the bottom of a swimming pool from what officials called a ' training accident ' . while an investigation of the incident is continuing , navy spokesman lieutenant david lloyd told reuters friday , ' they were working out in the pool ... they were swimming . it was not dive training . ' marihugh and lewis both served in the u.s. marine corps before they enlisted in the navy . ' we are all deeply saddened by brett 's passing and would ask for your thoughts , prayers and support for the marihugh and lewis family , nsw community , and our friends and teammates at this time , ' said capt . pete vasely , commander , naval special warfare group two , said in a release . ' both of these fierce warriors were admired and highly respected among everyone who knew them . we will continue to investigate what happened . we owe it to the families and our teammates . ' marihugh joined the navy in 2006 after serving in the u.s. marine corps from 1999 to 2003 . marihugh was the recipient of multiple awards including the bronze star , joint service achievement medal , combat action ribbon and the navy/marine corps commendation medal with combat v in support of the global war on terrorism , according to the release . lewis enlisted in the united states navy in december 2006 after having served in the u.s. marine corps from 2001-2005 , according to his biography . lewis made multiple deployments to afghanistan and iraq , where he earned the bronze star , purple heart , u.s. navy/marine corps commendation medal with valor , the u.s. navy/marine corps achievement medal with valor and other campaign and service medals . he is survived by his wife kristy and their beloved dogs baby , kona and lyla .