a young fashion designer who needed 26 stitches to her face after it was allegedly smashed into a glass table-top by a police officer is suing him and his force for $ 4million . ariana mason , 21 , claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a ' stranglehold ' at a las vegas hotel . after filing a civil rights lawsuit against officer shawn izzo and the metropolitan police department , , she told reporters yesterday : ' what happened to me was wrong and i do n't want it to happen to anybody else . ' scroll down for video . tearful : ariana mason , 21 , relives her ordeal to reporters yesterday . scars said to be from the attack on her by a police officer last summer can be seen on her chin . two of her teeth were also broken , she says . ariana was flanked by her parents , fred and francina mason of teaneck , new jersey , plus an aunt from los angeles - tv personality rolonda watts - and her lawyer brent bryson as she relived her ordeal . it was caught on cctv cameras at the mirage hotel casino on las vegas 's strip . according to ariana 's lawsuit , she was subjected to excessive force at the hotel while she was being arrested shortly before 3am on august 16 last year . the lawsuit also noted that ariana is african-american and izzo is white . ariana , who cried while talking to reporters yesterday , told them : ' i just feel as if the color of my skin was different , this would n't have happened to me . ' sombre : ariana looks on as her lawyer holds up a photograph from last august of her battered face . lawyer brent bryson said his young client had 26 stitches after her face was rammed into a glass table-top . ariana mason 's aunt is rolonda watts , the television and radio talk show host . she is best known for hosting the eponymous rolonda , an internationally syndicated talk show which aired from 1994 to 1997 . with scars clearly visible on her chin , she recalled how she had been at an event at the mirage 's 1 oak nightclub – where her boyfriend ' dj tech ' was performing . after his set , several people left the club to take pictures in front of the event 's signage , according to ariana 's account . but during the photo session , a scuffle broke out ' between people associated with the event and security officers ' . ariana , who was wearing a black dress at the time , claims one of her girlfriends was ' attacked ' by a woman security officer . ariana said she grabbed the woman 's jacket to move her away . but then ariana herself was ' attacked ' by officer izzo , who approached her from behind . without warning , she says , he pulled her away and wrapped his forearm around her throat . in the hotel 's cctv footage , ariana can be seen being restrained by a police officer , said to be shawn izzo . another camera shows the officer putting ariana in a chokehold and dragging her across the floor . the young fashion designer said she ' became extremely anxious ' and struggled to breathe during the ' attack ' . ' he then threw ariana to the ground and maintained ariana in a choke hold and actually drug ariana by the neck across the floor outside of 1 oak for several feet , ' claims the lawsuit . the young woman , it says , ' became extremely anxious ' as she struggled to breathe . after she broke free from his grip , she punched him . she said she had no idea he was a police officer because he had n't identified himself to her . ' when he came behind me i did n't know who was attacking me from behind , and all i did was try to defend myself , ' she added . ' i feel as if the way he reacted was completely unnecessary , and it should n't have happened like that . ' he should have had more control under the situation , instead of escalating it and making it ten times worse . ' after breaking free from his grip she punched him ( left ) - but says she had no idea he was a police officer . ariana 's legs are seen around the officer 's hips in the right of this video still as her face is pressed against the glass-topped table - upon which rests a giant vase of pink and yellow flowers . in the cctv footage obtained by ariana 's lawyer , officer izzo and others are seen handcuffing her hands behind her back and leading her to a round , marble table with a glass top . she is made to bend over it , and her face is pushed against it several times by a man standing between her outstretched legs . at one point her legs end up around his waist while her head is pressed on the table . her face was rammed so hard on to the glass that it shattered - and shards embedded in her chin . two of her teeth were broken , too . a photo of her injuries was shown to reporters by mr bryson yesterday . he said his client had needed several operations to repair her face . he added : ' once ariana was handcuffed with her hands behind her back , she was not a threat . ' ariana cried throughout yesterday 's appearance . she claims the color of her skin was a factor in the incident . ariana had been charged with battery on a protected person but prosecutors dismissed the case last month . she filed an internal affairs complaint but police ratified izzo 's conduct . records show that ariana was one of two people arrested on felony battery on a police officer charges in the incident . six others were arrested on misdemeanor charges . she admitted she was 20 at the time but said she had ' only two drinks ' during the night out . she added that she had n't been asked for id when she arrived at the nightclub with her boyfriend . the club 's operator has yet to comment . ariana 's lawsuit against izzo and his police department alleges civil rights violations and excessive force and claims he lacked proper training and supervision . officer izzo did n't respond to requests yesterday for a comment . police spokesman michael rodriguez said the department did n't comment on litigation . 