nicola sturgeon yesterday vowed to prop up ed miliband in downing street – even if he loses the election . in her most extraordinary offer yet the nationalist leader called on the labour leader to help her ‘lock’ david cameron out of downing street . and crucially , she said the offer stood ‘ regardless of who is the biggest party’ in the house of commons . scroll down for video . nicola sturgeon ( pictured ) said she would try to ' lock david cameron out of downing street ' regardless of whether the tories finished as the largest party next month . her comments raise the prospect of mr miliband ending up in number 10 as a result of nationalist support despite having fewer seats in the house of commons than the tories . miss sturgeon’s latest offer came amid continued fallout from claims she told a french diplomat she wanted david cameron to remain as prime minister . the report of the conversation , on february 26 , between miss sturgeon and sylvie bermann , the french ambassador , was contained within a scotland office memo leaked to the daily telegraph . the claim was denied both by the french embassy and miss sturgeon . miss sturgeon also denied a separate claim in the memo that mr miliband is ‘ not prime minister material’ . it undermines the snp leader’s claim that she wants to build a progressive alliance with labour to keep the conservatives out of office . the snp’s opponents say it would favour another tory-led government , against which it could campaign in an attempt to make an ‘out’ vote more likely in another referendum . in an article for the observer addressed to mr miliband she wrote : ‘ if together our parties have the parliamentary numbers required after 7 may , and regardless of which is the biggest party , will he and labour join with us in locking david cameron out of downing street ? ’ ed miliband has ruled out going into coalition with snp but has not rejected the prospect of working with them . chancellor george osborne said the prospect of the snp propping up the labour party in power was an ' alliance between a party that wants to bankrupt the country and a party that wants to break up the country ' . her comments heaped pressure on labour to rule out any deal with the nationalists . labour has ruled out a formal coalition with the snp but has refused to say if it would enter a looser agreement on policy areas to stay in power . tory chief whip michael gove said : ‘ my concern is that if the snp win the number of seats they are projected to , they could hold the balance of power and hold labour leader ed miliband to ransom . ’ miss sturgeon is calling for a £180billion debt-fuelled public spending spree and an end to the trident nuclear deterrent . former cabinet minister peter hain told radio 4’s the world this weekend he said : ‘ it is a curious plea being made by nicola sturgeon and the snp : vote anything except labour to get a labour government . that makes no sense at all . ’ a panelbase poll released yesterday put the snp , on 45 per cent , with labour on 29 per cent . if repeated across scotland , the poll findings suggest the snp would win 29 of the 41 seats won by labour in 2010 . a bbc reporter said he suffered an onslaught of ‘ vicious abuse’ from scottish nationalists simply for asking nicola sturgeon about the claims that she would prefer david cameron to remain as prime minister . scotland correspondent james cook was called ‘ scum of the earth’ and ‘ lying scum’ by snp supporters on twitter . one wrote that mr cook was ‘ in the gutter’ and trying to ‘ hide his snp hatred’ , while another accused him of being a ‘ typical bbc/westminster mouthpiece’ . on saturday mr cook wrote on the site : ‘ what an extraordinary level of vicious abuse i have received today for simply reporting the news . is this the country we want folks ? is it ? ’ he added : ‘ of course there are some snp strategists – i know , i’ve spoken to them – who say in private a tory victory would hasten independence . ‘ of course i should ask tough questions of politicians . this is a democracy . this is my role in it . and finally if , despite my 23 years of reporting things straight , you think i simply make up conversations then do feel free to unfollow me . ’ miss sturgeon later praised mr cook in an apparent attempt to calm the situation . she tweeted : ‘ james cook is one of the best journalists in scotland . tough but scrupulously fair and a consummate professional . ’ 