forget fancy sheets and down-filled duvets , the perfect pillow is the key to a good night’s sleep . on average , we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours — or the equivalent of more than 100 days and nights — per year , so it’s certainly worth getting the right one . and while once our choice was limited to feather or fibre , the shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows , and even one which is wired for sound . but which is a pain in the neck and which is a dream come true ? super cool . buckwheat hull pillow , £22.99 , livingiseasy.co.uk . in tudor times , buckwheat pillows were so prized that grandmothers handed them down to their grandchildren . my children aren’t quite as easily pleased . when i showed them this thick , heavy pillow with an industrial-looking cotton cover , they weren’t impressed . this feels like a giant , heavy beanbag and looks like a prop from wolf hall . billed as the ultimate eco-pillow , it’s filled with the tiny husks which protect the kernel of the buckwheat grain . in summer , you can chill it in the fridge for a few hours to keep you cool throughout the night . it also soothes stiff muscles — as the chill will reduce inflammation and help numb any pain . it doesn’t look impressive , but it shapes beautifully around my shoulders and neck . it makes a slight rustling as the tiny hulls shift , but i had a great night’s sleep . all i needed was mark rylance beside me , and my dream would have been complete . 4/5 . marriage savers . reversible foam pillow , £35 , marksandspencer.com . i’ve had some spectacular rows over pillows . my husband , ray , likes a firmer pillow , while i like a lovely soft one , but i hate buying different types as we inevitably get them mixed up and we both have a bad night . can m & s solve the dilemma with this unique two-sided pillow ? one side — made from a very firm memory foam — suits ray perfectly , but is far too rigid for me . the other side , made from synthetic microfibre filling , is perfectly soft and squishy . at 6in thick , it’s a little higher than some we tried , but this clever pillow still gave me a good night’s sleep . we both woke up happy , and that’s good enough for me ! 4/5 . a smelly snooze . silent night febreze pillow , £9.99 , argos.co.uk . i was hoping for the soft scent of lavender gently lulling me to sleep , but instead i got a rather sickly synthetic pong wafting up from the filling . definitely more lavatory than lavender . the lightweight pillow made of polyester didn’t improve my sleep any more than any other ones i tried . synthetic fillings are the most popular type of pillows in the uk , because they are cheap . but let’s face it , if i wanted the scent of febreze at bedtime , i’d be better off spraying ray as he lay beside me snoring . at 3.5in thick , it is soft but offers little support , and i woke feeling uncomfortable and grumpy . 1/5 .  so soft . . . and cheap ! lidl microfibre pillows , £3.49 , lidl . budget pillows tend to be thin , bounce-free and crackling with static electricity . so i was delighted to find these bargain-basement microfibre-filled pillows are generously stuffed and incredibly silky to touch . because they are filled with bundles of ultra-fine synthetic fibre , the pillows are wonderfully soft . my 16-year-old daughter , ruby , the fussiest sleeper since the princess and the pea , declared it the best pillow she had ever tried . a similar synthetic pillow from john lewis would set me back £35 , which makes this — at under a fiver — a total winner . synthetic pillows have the shortest lifespan of all — from six months to two years before they flatten or fall out of shape — but at this price , who cares . this pillow is just under 4in thick , but flattens due to the synthetic filling , so if you prefer height you’ll need two . 5/5 .  wheeze-free sleep . sleepangel memory foam filter pillow , £59 , sleepangelworld.com . more dust mites live in the bedroom than anywhere else in the house — and they make a beeline for warm bedding . this anti-allergy pillow contains a four-layer filter designed to block germs , bacteria , mould and allergens . the waterproof , wipe-clean cover is heat-sealed , with no seams or needle marks to let in germs . it sounds impressive , but to test the effectiveness i used a pillow for three months before sending it to an independent laboratory . scientists took samples of the foam filling and confirmed it was completely free of any nasties . with a 13-year-old son who suffers from asthma — a condition often triggered by mould and dust mites — this was reassuring . it is 3.5in thick , with little give thanks to the memory foam filling . the price tag is hefty , but totally worth it for a wheeze-free son . i’ve passed this on to charlie for an unbroken night of sleep . 4/5 .  music to my ears . sound asleep pillow , £17.99 firebox.com . since my three children became teenagers , the task of persuading them to go to bed at night has become my worst nightmare . could this high-tech pillow — wired for sound as they plug in their ipods to the external lead which connects to a speaker hidden inside — work miracles ? certainly , it’s the only time i’ve ever seen them excited about going to bed , and i was stunned to see my son archie jump in before i’d issued a single threat . but the sort of music i hear thumping out of his pillow minutes later isn’t exactly restful ! luckily , the pillow muffles the sound for the rest of us . the pillow is not very thick ( at 3in deep ) or supportive . a winner for anyone aged 13-19 and for parents who are desperate for peace and quiet ! 3/5 .  the golden goose . hungarian goose down pillow , £88 for two , soakandsleep.com . down pillows are the softest and most luxurious type available and often come with a price tag to match . these ones are made by a small family firm in hungary . the filling is washed in thermal spring water — so there are no nasty chemicals involved . each pillow is double-stitched for strength and edged with gold piping for luxury you’ve never seen outside a five-star hotel . no wonder these pillows have amassed their own online following — as well as demand from top hotels around the world . feels like sleeping on a giant marshmallow — it really is a luxury treat . just one sumptuous pillow , measuring 5in thick — was enough for a perfect night’s sleep . 5/5 .  like sleeping on a space hopper . mediflow waterbase pillow , £39.99 , amazon.co.uk . water pillows are fast becoming a trend — to keep cool or help sore necks and shoulders . they contain a pouch that you fill with water by opening the rubber seal , and pouring your water in . this means you can actually choose the height of your own pillow , depending on how you sleep best . my first attempt at filling it goes wrong . i pour so much water inside that it feels like i’m sleeping on a space hopper . a thermal insulator keeps the water cool , while an anti-allergy cushion of polyester fibres surround the inner water chamber , making it look and feel like any other pillow . the first night didn’t go well , as my neck felt too high . but i simply let water out the next day , taking the pillow from 5in thick to 3in , and i slept like a baby . 3/5 .  woolly wonder . fogarty wool pillow , £24.99 , dunelm-mill.com . wool is nature’s best temperature regulator — staying cool in summer and warm in winter . but can a pillow stuffed with wiry wool instead of lovely bouncy feathers offer as much comfort ? the answer is yes . as i sink into the warm pillow i feel instantly comforted . wool naturally absorbs moisture and scientists say the average sleeper gives off nearly a pint of water vapour . if you suffer from menopausal night sweats , this can rise to well over that . once absorbed , the moisture quickly evaporates from the porous wool cells , so what looks like a normal pillow is actually a natural air conditioning unit . at 3in thick , this pillow is thinner and has less give , but it supported my sore neck — strained as i walked the dog — well . i slept well and woke feeling cool and refreshed . 3/5 . 