a 14-year-old pennsylvania girl allegedly conspired with her 20-year-old soldier boyfriend to have her mother killed , texting him hours before the woman was stabbed to death , ' i want her gone , ' it emerged today . jamie silvonek was charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy , lehigh county district attorney jim martin announced thursday . cheryl silvonek , 54 , was fatally stabbed in the driveway of her upper macungie township home early march 15 , hours after taking jamie silvonek and the eighth-grader 's boyfriend , army spc . caleb barnes , to a concert , according to court documents . scroll down for video . star-crossed lovers : jamie silvonek ( left ) , 14 , and her boyfriend , 20-year-old army spc caleb barnes ( right ) , have been charged with killing the girl 's mother for trying to break them up . barnes , who was on leave from fort meade in maryland at the time of the slaying , was previously charged with homicide . he confessed to stabbing cheryl silvonek in the neck multiple times while they were in silvonek 's car , and jamie silvonek admitted she was there when he did it and helped dispose of the body , according to an affidavit of probable cause . slain in cold blood : cheryl silvonek , 54 , was stabbed several times in the neck inside her car after driving her daughter and barnes from a concert . the teen 's attorney , john waldron , said thursday he believes his client was under barnes ' control , given the age disparity . ' there has to be some type of duress or coercion , ' he said . waldron said he intends to have jamie silvonek examined by a forensic psychologist and will petition to have the case moved to juvenile court . ' she cried incessantly and told me how much she missed her mom , and told me she was coerced , she was afraid she was going to be killed , she was afraid her dad was going to be killed , ' waldron told the associated press . ' so there 's a lot of things we have to decipher here . ' authorities said barnes and jamie silvonek met in october — when she was 13 — but that she told him she was 17 . he joined the military in february of 2012 . barnes graduated advanced training from the presidio of monterey , california , and his awards include the good conduct medal and national defense service medal , army times reported . cheryl silvonek found out about their relationship in early march and ordered the couple to break up , according to court documents . a day later , the teenager told barnes she wanted her parents dead , the documents said . on march 14 , cheryl silvonek learned that barnes intended to take her daughter to a concert in scranton . ' he is not coming to this house , ' cheryl silvonek texted to her daughter , who had taken the sat college entrance exam that morning , according to a police affidavit . police found the victim 's blood-soaked car submerged in a pond and traced it to the silvonek family 's home in upper macungie township ( pictured ) . silvonek 's attorney said the girl tearfully told him she missed her mother , and claimed she was coerced by her soldier boyfriend and afraid for her life . the eighth-grader sent her mother a text in response begging her to let them go . ' mom , if i ca n't go i 'm going to have a mental breakdown , ' she said , according to the affidavit . ' i need to go and i need to be with my friends . i feel so desolate mother . ' the teenager then texted barnes : ' she threatened to throw me out of the house . i want her gone , ' the affidavit said . later , she allegedly wrote to him : ' just do it . ' records show the 14-year-old was upset that her mother had shown her boyfriend her passport as proof that silvonek was not 17 . ' i ca n't stand her lying to you like this , ' jamie wrote to barnes . ' she is lying about my age , ' reported lehigh valley live . cheryl silvonek agreed to drive her daughter and barnes to the show . on their way , the teenager and her boyfriend continued exchanging messages . ' i love you . we can do this . we 'll just drive her car then , right ? ' jamie wrote , the affidavit said . barnes replied in a text , ' no . that leaves us as the suspects . ' the three drove back to the silvonek home after the show , and barnes allegedly stabbed cheryl silvonek . the couple then ate at a restaurant and went to walmart to buy gloves , bleach and other cleaning supplies , authorities said . lies : barnes and jamie silvonek met in october — when she was 13 — but that she told him she was 17 . police found the body in a shallow grave a few miles from the silvonek home . the victim 's blood-soaked car was found submerged in a pond nearby . investigators were able to trace the car back to the silvonek home . when they arrived , they found barnes , the girl and silvonek 's husband , david . the girl and barnes were in an upstairs bedroom and the father was still asleep , cbs 13 reported . barnes was previously charged with criminal homicide , abuse of a corpse and statutory sexual assault . there is evidence he had sex with the girl shortly before the killing , according to police . the 14-year-old was charged earlier with abuse of a corpse , tampering with evidence and hindering apprehension . 