a los angeles-bound flight has returned to seattle after it was discovered a worker had fallen asleep in the cargo hold before take-off . fourteen minutes after alaska airlines flight 448 took off on monday , the pilot and passengers in first class heard screaming and banging from beneath the aircraft . ' help ! help ! help ! ' the man screamed , according to one passenger . the airline said in a news release the captain immediately returned to seattle-tacoma international and declared an emergency for priority landing . the cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized , so he was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen . scroll down for video . this is the moment an alaska airlines baggage handler was pulled from the cargo hold after falling asleep . safe : this is the baggage handler who fell asleep aboard the alaska airlines flight from seattle to los angeles on monday . a passenger on board flight 448 recorded video of the baggage handlder 's knocking that passengers could hear inside the cabin . emergency landing : the pilot turned back to seattle 14 minutes into the flight when he heard screaming . ' at some point the marshal kind of made himself known and started banging back and he yelled really loud and said , `` we 're getting ready to land , hold on to something , '' ' troi ge , a passenger on board the flight , told nbc news . mr ge , a sound designer from burbank , recorded video aboard the plane in which passengers could hear the banging from the cargo hold . after the plane landed a ramp agent was found inside the front cargo hold . video taken by kiro 7 showed the worker calmly walking out of the cargo hold and putting on a high visibility jacket . he stood talking to airport staff for a few seconds before walking off towards the terminal . ' upon exiting , he told authorities he had fallen asleep , ' the airline said . the worker , an employee of menzies aviation , walked off the plane and appeared well , but was taken to a hospital as a precaution . the airline says it is investigating the situation . the pilot could hear banging and screaming from beneath the aircraft as they flew from seattle to la . the man appeared to be well as he walked around the runway talking to airport employees . alaska airlines is investigating how the man managed to fall asleep before the la-bound flight took off . passenger marty collins told komo-tv in seattle the flight was surrounded by emergency vehicles when it returned to the airport . she said passengers did not hear the worker banging or making noise . ' nobody on the plane heard anything like that , nobody knew why we were turning around , ' she told the station . ' they just said we were fine and we were n't in any danger . ' passengers were later told about the situation . ' they just said there was someone in the cargo hold and he 's been escorted off and taken away , ' she said . the flight departed again at 3.52pm and was expected to arrive in los angeles at 6.27pm , about 80 minutes late , according to the airline 's website . 