wing 's chinese restaurant is in manchester city centre , and attracts a certain type of clientele . the restaurant 's owner – mr wing himself – is never afraid to push for as much publicity as possible , and is often snapped in the photographs with the city 's celebrities at his five-star venue . wing 's has been ' recommended in the mitchelin guide for the past eight years ' , according to their website , but how else does it lure manchester 's footballers and stars back time and time again like moths to a flame ? here 's all you need to know about wing 's restaurant . so , who goes there ? wing 's is rarely short of a manchester united star or two . the class of '92 – gary and phil neville , ryan giggs , paul scholes and nicky butt , minus david beckham – previously dined there . yet more regular visitors include current first-team players and their manager . wayne rooney , in particular , visits the restaurant with his wife , coleen , and has even helped them with publicity work . the united and england captain celebrated his last two birthdays at wing 's , and held a q & a session at the restaurant after starring in a video ahead of the chinese new year on february 19 . wing 's is the go-to place for footballers in manchester , with wayne rooney a regular ( pictured previously ) . rooney pictured previously at wing 's chinese restaurant for a q and a session with united supporters . coleen ( right ) turns up as her husband , united and england captain rooney , held his 26th birthday there . the reputation must spread around the changing room quick , because radamel falcao dined at wing 's on the same day he signed for manchester united in a £6million loan deal from monaco . falcao tweeted a photograph with agent jorge mendes and his lawyers , paulo rendeiro and carlos osorio , while enjoying a glass of wine , some prawn crackers and a chinese meal . there has also been nani , sir alex ferguson , and plenty others . radamel falcao went to wing 's chinese restaurant on the day he signed for united on loan from monaco . robin van persie ( from left to right ) , falcao and patrick kluivert pictured at wing 's having a meal . nani ( right ) , currently on loan at sporting lisbon from united , turns up at the chinese restaurant in 2011 . former united manager sir alex ferguson leaves wing 's restaurant after having a meal in march 2013 . it 's a manchester united haunt , then ? not quite . visitors from different clubs include mario balotelli , joe hart , gareth barry , and peter crouch , among others . there was former chelsea defender ashley cole with cheryl from their time together , and former old trafford youngster danny simpson with ex-partner tulisa contostavlos , too . while wing 's appears to be more popular with those from old trafford rather than the etihad , that was not the case on sunday following united 's 4-2 win over noisy neighbours city . city goalkeeper joe hart arrives for rooney 's 26th birthday which was held at wing 's in october 2011 . ashley cole went to wing 's to celebrate cheryl 's 25th birthday previously during their time together . danny simpson pictured with ex-partner tulisa contostavlos arrives at wing 's after christmas shopping . wing 's tends to be more popular with united players but attracts a wide range of celebrities regularly . gareth barry , formerly of manchester city , turns up at wing 's for rooney 's birthday with his girlfriend . city stars toni duggan and isobel christiansen from their women 's team were snapped with united manager louis van gaal . duggan uploaded the photograph on instagram of her , christiansen and everton 's michelle hinnigan at wing 's , and wrote : ' heyyy louis van g ! ! ! ! nice to share a wings with you ... ... [ sic ] . ' the england striker later deleted the post . some feel it overstepped boundaries , given the rivalry between the red and blue halves of manchester , and van gaal admits he would avoid wing 's following a defeat . ' i can go to mr wing 's because when you win you can go , ' van gaal told reporters in a press conference . ' when you lose then the fans are saying , `` what is mr louis van gaal doing ? losing and he goes to the best restaurant of manchester ? '' now i can go . maybe i shall go . ' louis van gaal pictured with manchester city women 's players toni duggan ( left ) and isobel christiansen ( far right ) , while they were joined by everton 's michelle hinnigan at wing 's restaurant . peter crouch is another that has visited wing 's as footballers and celebrities flock to the restaurant . just footballers , then ? mainly , but not exclusively . frankie sandford from the saturdays has been snapped there , as has model kelly brook , and even andrew lloyd webber and nicole scherzinger . not forgetting clare balding , and i 'm a celebrity , get me out of here duo ant and dec , too . rory mcilroy attended a meal with rooney there , too . celebrities are never far away at wing 's . frankie sandford from the saturdays has been snapped arriving at wing 's previously . rory mcilroy attended a meal for united and england captain rooney at the chinese restaurant . andrew lloyd webber and nicole scherzinger went for a meal at wing 's in manchester 's cite centre . kelly brook pictured in july 2014 leaving wing 's with her fiance david mcintosh . i 'm a celebrity , get me out of here duo ant and dec went when britain 's got talent was in manchester . who is the owner and where is it ? wing shing chu owns the restaurant based at 1 lincoln square in the heart of the city’s bustling chinatown district . the man commonly known by mr wing used to worked in manchester 's chinatown before moving to cheadle hulme , near stockport , and opening a wing 's restaurant there . he was so successful , however , that he left his wife in charge of that establishment and opened his flagship restaurant in the city centre . it 's only got more popular since . van persie previously went to wing 's with clare balding and owner wing shing chu ( right ) got in on the snap . van gaal embraces owner of the restaurant mr wing after having a meal following united 's 4-2 win over city . is it expensive ? if you fancy splashing out , you can . the restaurant 's most expensive bottle of wine – a 1983 chateau margaux from france – costs £999 . rooney might be able to afford that , but for those of us not on £300,000 per week , there are more reasonable options . wing 's have an extensive a la carte menu , but also two set banquet options coming in at £30.90 or £44.90 per person . banquet b at £44.90 per person , for example , offers : starter - steamed scallop in shell with garlic and glass vermicelli . second course - baked lobster with ginger and spring onions . main courses - crispy chilli shredded fillet steak , steamed sea bass with ginger and spring onions in soya sauce , quick-fried sea treasures ( monk-fish fillet , scallops and king prawns ) , stir-fried king prawns and chinese greens , as well as pak far roasted duck , all served with mixed seafood fried rice . dessert - fresh fruit platter . the restaurant 's most expensive bottle of wine – a 1983 chateau margaux from france – costs £999 . what about the dress code ? city striker balotelli plays by his own rules and clearly did not take notice of the dress code stated on the restaurant 's website when he visited with his ex-girlfriend raffaella fico . it states : ' we kindly request for smart dress at all times ( i.e . no trainers , sandals , shorts , casual sportswear ) . your cooperation is much appreciated . many thanks . ' mario balotelli , pictured with ex-girlfriend raffaella fico , did not take notice of the restaurant 's dress code .