promposals are the big trend in high school proms as teens think up progressively more outlandish ways to ask each other to the biggest dance of the year . they are so big , in fact , that students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual , according to a new survey . with budgets for outfits , flowers , transportation , food and other sundries at around $ 1,000 for the average american high schooler , that means most intend to spend $ 324 on the once-simple query : will you go to prom with me ? pricey promposals : students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual of promposals , according to a survey of 3,000 people conducted by visa . that 's according to a survey from visa , which asked 3,000 people aged 18 or older what they expected to shell out for the prom and on what . for a primer on promposals , see previous years ' winners of most outrageous ( and viral ) prom proposals . in 2012 , matthew ho from toronto promposed to his girlfriend , tina , with 1,500 pink helium balloons and a sign that read , ' tina , will you go to prom with me ? ' his stunt attracted a crowd in the hallway , giving the blindfolded tina an audience when the stunt was finally revealed . it 's unclear what the cost of these hockey pucks was , but the average american high schooler could spend over $ 300 just asking his or her date to the yearly dance . in 2012 , matthew ho from toronto promposed to his girlfriend , tina , with 1,500 pink helium balloons and a sign that read , ' tina , will you go to prom with me ? ' his stunt attracted a crowd in the hallway , giving the blindfolded tina an audience when the stunt was finally revealed . some students have even rented plane banners to pop the prom question - at a starting cost of $ 1,000 in the new york area . ' it started last year — i 've been in the business six years , and we had never sold a prom banner before then , ' explained remy colin of aerial messages in daytona beach , florida . at john b. alexander high school in laredo , texas , senior student isaac garza asked his best friend , kristelle , to prom in dramatic pre-planned chase scene with the school . dressed in a tuxedo , and running into a packed assembly hall where kristelle was waiting , unaware of what was going on , mr garza performed a rendition of heath ledger 's famous scene in ten things i hate about you , singing lauren hill 's ca n't take my eyes off of you . arresting : palmdale , california student davyeon was ' arrested ' in his lunchroom thanks to prom date stephanie . no word on how much she bribed the officer who cuffed him . not always pricey : mike ramirez , student at crosby high school in suburban houston , managed to get texans cheerleader caitlyn to go to the prom with him by getting 10,000 retweets . jamie vandenberg from ontario , canada , promposed to his girlfriend madison dillion using a fake pop quiz that his teacher distributed at the beginning of class . as students reached question three , where mr vanenberg laid out statistical quandaries to miss dillon 's yes or no answer , they realized their probability questionnaire was a ruse . when student taylor huestis opened her locker , 456 ping pong balls , all with ' prom ' written on them , fell onto the floor . huestis ' boyfriend had planned the stunt for days , enlisting the help of her friends ; his sign read ' i finally had the balls to ask you to prom ! ' visa 's prom survey also revealed some interesting regional and economic disparities . this year , canadians plan to spend $ 508 overall on prom of which $ 151 will be on promposal , compared to $ 919 overall for u.s. families . dads plan to outspend moms by 63 % , $ 1160vs . $ 710 . the northeast took the spending crown and the midwest continued its reputation for thrift : source . h/t cbs news .      