a city 's communications boss has been fired after she allegedly stopped a tourism photo shoot with a black and an asian model and told the photographer they were ' not the image i want for the city ' . rosemary taylor , communications director of the city of brookhaven in georgia , made the ' racist ' remark to hired photographer nelson jones at the local cherry blossom festival two weeks ago . after witnessing mr jones capture a test shot of models dominique jackson , 18 , and 19-year-old khamlee vongvone at the event , she apparently went over to him and referenced the two girls . she reportedly told him : ' this is not the image i want for the city of brookhaven ' . the girls ' mouths ' dropped ' and , moments later , they and mr jones were asked to leave the festival by a city official . scroll down for video . models : rosemary taylor has been fired after she allegedly stopped a tourism photo shoot with dominique jackson ( right ) , 18 , and khamlee vongvone ( left ) , 19 , and said they were ' not the image i want for the city ' . sacked : taylor ( pictured ) communications director of the city of brookhaven in georgia , made the ' racist ' remark at cherry blossom festival , which photographer nelson jones had been hired to take pictures of . now , ms taylor , who had been in the high-profile position for less than a month , according to her linkedin page , has been fired by officials for exhibiting ' conduct unbecoming of a city employee ' . in a statement , brookhaven’s leadership told wsb-tv : ' rosemary taylor was relieved of her duties as the city 's communications director after she exhibited conduct unbecoming of a city employee . ' however , ms taylor has released her own statement , in which she claims she was wrongly accused in the incident , which occurred between march 27 and 29 , and says mr jones was ' unprofessional ' . in the release , seen by the atlanta journal constitution , the sacked employee writes : ' racism had absolutely nothing to do with my interactions with the photographer and his hired models . ' she adds : ' it had all to do with a lack of professionalism on behalf of the photographer , a conflict of interest , misuse of city funds and money spent unnecessarily . ms taylor says she had already decided to hire another photographer after deciding that mr jones 's work was ' simply not acceptable ' - and had not discussed hiring models as part of the festival job . day of the incident : dominique ( left ) and khamlee ( right ) are pictured in a test shot just minutes before taylor approached them and mr jones . the trio were then asked to leave the event by a city official , it is reported . communications director : taylor ( pictured in her linkedin photo ) had been in the high-profile job for the city of brookhaven for less than a month when she was fired for exhibiting ' conduct unbecoming of a city employee ' . ' when i questioned [ mr jones ] about the models and why he was posing them in the vip tent , against the festival 's branding , as if it was a photo shoot , he got agitated and defensive , ' she writes . ' my mistake was getting agitated back , as he continued to tell me he was the official photographer and he had hired top models and this was going to be good for the city . i told him it wasn’t . ' mr jones told wsb-tv that he was pleased ms taylor had been fired by the city of brookhaven on monday , adding that both he and the models had considered her remark racist and offensive . according to her linkedin page , ms taylor has previously worked for cbs , people magazine and abc . in january , she left her job as senior communications manager of the city of johns creek . an internal investigation into the incident is ongoing . offended : mr jones said he was pleased taylor has been sacked , adding that both he and the two models had considered her remark racist and offensive . above , khamlee is pictured , left and right , in facebook photos .