a handwritten notebook in which britain 's enigma machine genius alan turing admits he is baffled by an equation could fetch up to $ 1million ( £690,000 ) . the 56-page book bought in cambridge contains turing 's thoughts on the clearly tricky ' leibniz notation dx/dy ' . ' i find [ it ] extremely difficult to understand in spite of it having been the one i understood the best once ! ' he wrote . scroll down for video . a handwritten notebook in which britain 's enigma machine genius alan turing admits he is baffled by an equation could fetch up to $ 1million ( £690,000 ) . above , he wrote that the leibniz notation was ' extremely difficult ' . it was written at the bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and paved the way for computer science . it is believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript known to exist , the auctioneer said . benedict cumberbatch , who played turing in the oscar-nominated the imitation game , said : ' alan turing was a war hero , who broke the enigma code helping to bring an end to world war ii , the father of modern computing science , and a gay icon who lived in a time of intolerance and tragically committed suicide as a result . ' his impact on our everyday lives is enormous , and the thought of holding a manuscript by him is thrilling . ' the notebook was among the papers he left in his will to friend and fellow mathematician robin gandy . turing ( left ) wrote the notes at the bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and they paved the way for computer science . the notes are believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript ( right ) known to exist , the auctioneer said . pages of notes show the inner workings of turing 's thoughts as he helped break codes and decipher tests . the notes , which are highly personal , show turing working through different equations and considering different results . gandy gave the papers to the archive centre at king 's college in cambridge in 1977 . but he kept the notebook , using its blank pages for writing down his dreams at the request of his psychiatrist . bonham describes gandy 's entries as highly personal ; the notebook remained in his possession until he died in 1995 . at the beginning of his journal , gandy writes : ' it seems a suitable disguise to write in between these notes of alan 's on notation , but possibly a little sinister ; a dead father figure , some of whose thoughts i most completely inherited . ' in a statement through bonhams , turing scholar andrew hodges said the notebook sheds more light on how turing ' remained committed to free-thinking work in pure mathematics . ' benedict cumberbatch , who played turing in the oscar-nominated the imitation game ( left ) , said : ' the thought of holding a manuscript by him is thrilling ' . in some turing elaborates on his conclusions , writing that one result ' is too subtle and makes an inconvenient definition ' . he added : ' alan turing was parsimonious with his words and everything from his pen has special value . ' turing committed suicide in 1954 . he was gay at a time when homosexuality was illegal in britain and was convicted of indecency in 1952 . he agreed to undergo hormone treatment as an alternative to imprisonment to ' cure ' his homosexuality . it will be sold by bonhams in new york on monday . it said the seller wished to remain anonymous . part of the proceeds will be donated to charity .