ten deputies have been placed on leave after a shocking video emerged showing them punching and kicking an alleged horse thief for two minutes following a chase through the california desert . in the video , captured by an nbc helicopter , francis pusok , 30 , is seen falling off the horse he was suspected of stealing after being pursued several miles by the san bernardino county officers . seconds later , two deputies catch up to pusok and stun him with their tasers . they then stun him again , and again , as lies splayed face-down on the ground , with his arms placed behind his back . as the camera keeps rolling , the officers apparently kick the suspect in the head and crotch , before other deputies arrive on the scene . one clearly draws back his leg and swings it at pusok 's head . scroll down for video . shocking : ten deputies have been placed on leave after a horrific video emerged showing them punching and kicking ( left ) alleged horse thief francis pusok ( right ) following a chase through the southern california desert . beating : in the video , captured by an nbc helicopter , pusok , 30 , is seen falling off the horse he was suspected of stealing . seconds later , the deputies catch up to him and stun him with a taser , before beating him ( above ) . chillingly , after the beating , a deputy whispered in the suspect 's ear : ' this is n't over , ' according to pusok 's attorney jim terrell , who said the man was left ' scared to death for himself and his family ' . now , san bernardino county sheriff john mcmahon has placed 10 deputies on paid administrative leave for their alleged roles in the graphic footage , which he said had ' disturbed and troubled him ' . mcmahon said the video , captured on thursday , appeared to show an excessive use of force . he added that he was launching an internal investigation into the actions of the unidentified officers . ' i 'm not sure if there was a struggle with the suspect , ' he told nbc . ' it appears there was in the early parts of the video . what happens afterwards , i 'm not sure of , but we will investigate it thoroughly . ' in a tweet via the san bernardino sheriff 's office , mcmahon said : ' we have identified 10 deputies involved in the use of force during the arrest & they have been placed on paid admin leave . ' earlier on thursday , pusok had allegedly fled by car after deputies had tried to serve a search warrant in an identity-theft investigation . he later dumped the vehicle in the hesperia area , it is said . investigation : san bernardino county sheriff john mcmahon ( pictured ) said the video , captured on thursday , appeared to show an excessive use of force . he added that he was launching an internal investigation . paid leave : in a tweet via the san bernardino sheriff 's office ( pictured ) , mcmahon said : ' we have identified 10 deputies involved in the use of force during the arrest & they have been placed on paid admin leave ' . couple : pusok 's girlfriend of 13 years , jolene bindner ( left ) , said her boyfriend ( right ) has had several run-ins with the law . however , she insisted he is a great father , and said she ' could n't believe ' the filmed attack . the suspect , dressed in bright red clothing , then reportedly stole a horse and made his way across the desert near the town of apple valley , east of la , before being tracked down by deputies . in the video , pusok can be seen falling from the horse as a deputy runs up and uses a stun gun on him . mcmahon said the stun gun was believed to be ineffective because of the man 's loose clothing . the suspect then falls face down with his arms and legs outstretched and put his hands behind his back . the video shows two deputies appearing to come up and kick him in the head and crotch . as more officers join in , the men huddle in a pack over pusok , continuing to pummel their fists and feet into his back and head . meanwhile , one deputy stands calmly holding the horse by the saddle . following the incident , two deputies were taken to a nearby hospital for injuries , including abrasions , a twisted knee and a back injury from being struck by the horse , the sheriff 's office said . chase : the suspect , dressed in bright red clothing , reportedly stole a horse and made his way across the desert near the town of apple valley , east of la , on thursday , before being tracked down by deputies . apprehended : in the video , pusok can be seen falling from the horse as a deputy runs up and uses a stun gun on him . mcmahon said the stun gun was believed to be ineffective because of the man 's loose clothing . pusok was treated at the hospital for abrasions and bruising . he was then released to be booked on suspicion of felony evading , theft of a horse , possession of stolen property and reckless driving . after the video was broadcast by nbc , it sparked outrage on the internet , with many users noting that pusok was lying on the ground in a ' surrender ' position when he was beaten by the officers . on friday , mr terrell told kabc that the attack seemed never-ending . ' this is as bad , if not worse , than what they did to rodney king . this was terrible . it kept going and going and going , ' he said . rodney king , who died in 2012 , rose to national fame after he was captured on video being beaten by los angeles police department officers following a high-speed car chase in march 1991 . although four officers were charged with assault with a deadly weapon and use of excessive force , they were later acquitted in a series of verdicts that are thought to have caused the 1992 la riots . ' surrendering ' : the suspect then falls face down with his arms and legs outstretched and put his hands behind his back . the video shows two deputies appearing to come up and kick him in the head and crotch . huddled around : as more officers join in , the men huddle in a pack over pusok , continuing to pummel their fists and feet into his back and head . meanwhile , one deputy stands calmly holding the horse by the saddle . also friday , mcmahon said an internal investigation is underway into the deputies ' actions in the arrest of pusok . a criminal inquiry into the actions of the suspect is also being carried out , he said . however , he said that the department will not release the names of deputies - which apparently include a sergeant and a detective - until they are sure that multiple threats made are not valid . ' i 'm asking for some patience while we complete a thorough and fair investigation , ' mcmahon said . ' i am disturbed and troubled by what i see in the video . it does not appear to be in line with our policies and procedures . hospitalized : pusok ( pictured ) was treated at a nearby hospital for abrasions and bruising . ' i assure you , if there is criminal doing on the part of any of our deputy sheriffs or any policy violations we will take action . ' the deputies were wearing audio recorders , but mcmahon said he had not listened to them and the recordings will be part of the investigation . attorneys for pusok told knbc-tv friday as they left the jail that their client has a badly swollen eye , marks from the beating over his face and body , and is in pain . ' he remembers being beat , and he remembers that he was n't resisting , that he laid still , he complied immediately . he says that he did n't even move a muscle because he did n't want to be continuously beat , yet it still happened , ' said attorney sharon brunner . ken cooper , a use of force expert , said the deputies were clearly frustrated and appeared to take that out on the suspect . one , he said , appeared to be striking pusok with the taser . ' it does n't look good . it looks like his hands are behind his back even when they 're doing the blows , ' cooper said . ' the justification for using force is to gain compliance from the suspect , and the suspect seems to be complying . so what this looks like is those blows are not justified , they 're not necessary and they 're not professional . ' cooper said the officers should be disciplined , retrained to deal with stress especially , and the video should be used for department-wide training . he said the officers allowed their emotions and adrenaline to overtake their professionalism . but training helps ' inoculate ' officers from responding improperly during high-stress situations . ' when chasing a fleeing suspect , in high stress , you have to control that . it 's your obligation as a professional . you can lose it sometimes , ' cooper said . mcmahon said deputies had previously been called to pusok 's home in apple valley , where he had allegedly made threats to kill a deputy and shot a puppy in front of family members . ' we were very familiar with his aggressive nature , ' mcmahon said . comparison : on friday , pusok 's attorney , jim terrell , told kabc that the attack was ' as bad , if not worse , than what they did to rodney king ' . king ( left , after his beating ) rose to national fame after he was captured on video being beaten by los angeles police department officers ( right ) following a high-speed car chase in march 1991 . pusok 's beating came as recent violent episodes by officers dealing with suspects have hit the headlines , including the killing of walter scott in north charleston , south carolina , last weekend . scott , 50 , who was unarmed , was shot dead by 33-year-old officer michael slageras he ran away from him during a traffic stop . slageras has since been arrested and charged with murder . pusok 's girlfriend of 13 years , jolene bindner , said her long-term boyfriend has had several run-ins with the law . however , she insisted that he is a great father who did not deserve the brutal beating . ' i 'm not going to stand here and say that he 's perfect , because who is ? ' she said . ' i could n't believe it , ' bindner said after seeing the video . ' the first thing i said was ' they can not do that . '' the american civil liberties union released a statement saying it is ' deeply troubled by the video images ' and applauding mcmahon 's call for an investigation . 