a lonely man has taken his search for love - or lust - online , posting an advertisement complete with his desires , or ' requirements ' . the outback casanova , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . ' wanted ! ! ! ! ! girlfriend/wife , must love pets ... accomodation available , position may offer company car , phone and laptop , to the ' successful candidate ' , ' it reads . scroll down for video . 'rich' who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . ' prefer non drinker and smoker ( i know i 'm dreamin ) , fit attractive , will get free gym membership , to a gym of there choice , phone of there choice , must be reliable , honest , and loyal , good around th house , be good with their hands , good cook , great in bed . ' the advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors , but is also ' also a princess when need to be ' . for his part , the 31-year-old only identified as rich , described himself as : ' athletic build , white , heavily tattoo 'd brown hair , brown eyes , do n't drink , do n't smoke , do n't do drugs , like travelling , love the outdoors , sports , fishing , camping blah blah blah . ' the post continues : '175cm tall , well endowed , own my own property ( s ) make great money , succesful , love cars , bikes , very independant . ' the 31-year-old 's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner , and personal details about himself . the advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors , but is also ' also a princess when need to be ' . rich also said he is ' not shy of blowin cash on my woman ' , and his potential partner would ' receive lots of benefits ' . and , there 's no reason to be shy ladies , ' rich ' promised ' all reasonable offers will be considered ' . the hopeless romantic also stated former partners need not apply . daily mail australia unsuccessfully attempted to contact the man behind the commercial .