former president bill clinton said he is ' proud ' of wife hillary rodham clinton 's presidential bid for the 2016 election . the comment was said while on a visit to oklahoma city and is the first he 's made about his wife 's second presidential campaign , according to cnn . the former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign , which was launched last week , in iowa and will move on to new hampshire on monday . bill clinton made the comment in oklahoma city on sunday where he was speaking at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people at the alfred p murrah federal building in 1995 . in his first public comments on his wife 's 2016 presidential bid , bill clinton , pictured here in 2004 with hillary clinton , said ' i 'm proud of her ' while on a visit to oklahoma city . ' i 'm proud of her , ' bill clinton said of his wife to cnn reporter ryan nobles . bill clinton was in oklahoma city to speak at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people including 19 toddlers at the alfred p murrah federal building . he addressed hundreds of people gathered at the site of the federal building to commemorate the dead , hailing the city as an example to the world of a strong and compassionate community . the service for survivors , victims ' families , and other citizens began at 9.02am with a 168-second moment of silence followed by a reading of the names of those killed . ' i mostly came here to thank you today , ' clinton said . ' for a whole country you burned away all the petty squabbles in which we engaged leaving only our basic humanity . ' i prepared for this day yesterday in new york by taking hillary to see our daughter and son-in-law and my about to be seven-month-old grandchild . ' hillary and i bathed her and fed her and put her to bed . i looked at her in that crib so i could remember how you felt , those of you who lost your loved ones . ' visibly emotional , he wiped his eyes as he drew parallels between the ' evil ' behind the oklahoma city bombing and the terrorism of boko haram in north africa , isis in iraq and syria , and lone wolf militants in cities such as paris . ' for 20 years you have honored the memories of your loved ones , you have inspired us with the power of your renewal , you have reminded us that we should all live by the oklahoma standard , ' clinton said at the service . hillary clinton will spend monday and tuesday in new hampshire , returning to the state that handed her a 2008 primary victory early in the bruising nomination struggle won by obama . clinton 's supporters say her recent comments , particularly on inequality , do not reflect a shift in position . in her 2008 primary campaign , clinton stressed the need to help families struggling economically and she criticized hedge fund investors , oil company profits , drug company subsidies and trade agreements . hillary clinton launched her presidential campaign last week . after spending three days in iowa , she 's off to new hampshire for two days starting on monday .