a vietnam war veteran in utah has said he 's surprised over the reason for the denial of his request for a personalized license plate commemorating the year he was wounded and awarded a purple heart . arnold breitenbach of st. george wanted to get 'cib-69 ' put on a license plate , the spectrum newspaper of st. george reported . that would have commemorated both breitenbach getting the purple heart in 1969 and his combat infantryman 's badge , according to the newspaper . service : vietnam veteran arnold breitenbach of st. george wanted to get 'cib-69 ' put on a license plate . the utah dmv denied his request , citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations . breitenbach had been an armored personnel carrier 's gunner during his time in the army . he was inside the carrier 's gun turret as rocket-propelled grenades stuck and was left wounded , suffering temporary blindness . the utah division of motor vehicles denied his request , citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations , the spectrum reported . ' while your intended meaning behind the requested plate , cib-69 , is honorable , the division of motor vehicles is required to follow utah law when approving personalized plates , ' division of motor vehicles audit manager sherri murray said in a letter to breitenbach that was obtained by the newspaper . murray 's letter also reportedly said ' administrative rule r873-22m-34 is clear regarding the use of `` 69 '' on personalized plates – `` 69 '' formats are prohibited unless used in a combination with the vehicle make , model , style , type , or commonly used or readily understood abbreviations of those terms . breitenbach had been an armored personnel carrier 's gunner during his time in the army , the spectrum reported . he was inside the carrier 's gun turret as rocket-propelled grenades struck and was left wounded , suffering temporary blindness , according to the newspaper . process : though breitenbach appealed to get 'cib-69 ' put on his license plate , the appeal was rejected . honored : breitenbach has both the purple heart and the combat infantryman 's badge . breteinbach told the spectum his hearing damage led to his purple heart . he also said : ' they 've got viagra ( ads ) all over the place . i ca n't imagine myself sitting on the sofa with my parents when i was a little kid having something like that on tv . ' in today 's day and age , it seems like everything is out in the open . ' the spectrum reported that breitenbach was directed to an established appeals process after he contacted utah 's gov . gary herbert seeking assistance , before having his appeal denied in january . breitenbach told the newspaper he chose not to appeal again and that it was n't worth the amount of time and money . he ended up getting a purple heart logo on a license plate minus 'cib-69 , ' according to the spectrum . a message seeking comment from the utah division of motor vehicles was n't immediately returned .