a courtroom was thrown into chaos after a judge found a chicago detective not guilty of involuntary manslaughter after he shot an unarmed woman in the back of the head . cook county judge dennis porter , cleared 46-year-old officer dante servin in the march 2012 shooting death of rekia boyd , 22 . moments before he announced the verdict on monday , he asked loved ones who might be prone to outbursts to leave the courtroom , fearing there would be an emotionally-charged response . the victim 's brother martinez sutton then screamed : ' you want me to be quiet ? this m***** f***** killed my sister ! ' not guilty : cook county judge dennis porter , cleared 46-year-old officer dante servin ( left ) who shot rekia boyd , 22 , ( right ) dead in chicago in march 2012 . she was gunned down on march 21 as she stood with friends outside a property in chicago 's lawndale neighbourhood . according to james montgomery the family 's lawyer , servin pulled up to the group in an unmarked vehicle and told them to ' shut up ' . boyd was standing with her friend antonio cross , who reached into his waistband , pretending he had a gun , and charged at servin , the court heard . she died after one of the five bullets from servin 's unregistered glock handgun pierced the left side of her head . servin has maintained he fired only because he felt threatened when he confronted a group at a park about the noise they were making . according to the chicago sun times , porter said in his ruling : ' illinois courts have consistently held that when the defendant intends to fire a gun , points it in the general direction of his or her intended victim , and shoots , such conduct is not merely reckless and does not warrant an involuntary-manslaughter instruction , regardless of the defendant 's assertion that he or she did not intend to kill anyone . he added : ' the absence of any evidence of reckless conduct renders it unnecessary for this court to consider whether the defendant was justified in his actions . ' porter also cleared servin , who was off-duty , of reckless discharge of a firearm and reckless conduct . the cop told reporters when he left the courtroom that justice had been served . he said : ' i always maintained it was an accident what occurred to miss boyd . ' miss boyd and her family , they have my deepest sympathies . chaos : the judge told loved ones to leave the court before the not gulity verdict was read out - fearing a spate of outbursts . outside the court servin ( pictured ) told reporters at the end of the hearing he has always believed the shooting was an accident . disgusted : boyd 's supporters ( pictured outside court ) maintain that she was murdered and insisted the case is ' not over ' . ' any reasonable person , any police officer especially would have reacted in the exact same manner that i reacted , and i’m glad to be alive . i saved my life that night . i’m glad that i’m not a police death statistic . ' outside the courtroom boyd 's supporters accused the judge of not having a heart , with one person adding : ' it ain’t over . we all know it’s murder . ' in a statement to the sun-times , cook county state’s attorney anita alvarez said he was ' extremely disappointed with the verdict . ' i believe that my office had provided sufficient evidence before the court to not only demonstrate , but also to prove , that officer servin’s conduct was clearly reckless in the senseless fatal shooting of rekia boyd , ' he said . ' ' justice was denied today for rekia boyd and her family , and i extend my deepest sympathies as they struggle to come to terms with this unexpected decision . ” the city settled a lawsuit for $ 4.5 million with boyd 's family in 2013 . demonstration : donald lightfoot holds a sign in support of boyd while joining other protesters in chicago . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .