steve peters , the sports psychiatrist called on by a number of top stars , will play a key role in keeping troubled england batsman jonathan trott focused in the caribbean . trott has made a nightmare return to the test side 18 months since situational anxieties saw him quit the ashes tour — falling cheaply in both innings in the first test in antigua and finding his ‘ on the move’ batting technique under strong scrutiny . it is understood that trott is having regular skype sessions with peters from the team hotel , and he credits the psychiatrist with helping him overcome his mental health issues to win his test place back . jonathan trott has endured a nightmare return to test cricket with some poor performances in the first test . but the double failure will be a big challenge for trott , with peters’s assistance , to continue ‘ to keep a proper prospective on life and cricket’ which he said he was doing before the test , rather than having ‘ unrealistic expectations about his batting , ’ which he had in australia . peters , whose other clients include the england football team , liverpool , british cycling and snooker’s ronnie o’sullivan , will no doubt be telling trott to manage his inner chimp — the part of the brain that runs on emotions and gut instincts in contrast to the rational , evidence-based part . despite his success with multi-olympic champions sir chris hoy and victoria pendleton , peters didn’t do anything to improve england during their dismal 2014 football world cup but is still involved on an ad hoc basis . steve peters ( right ) worked with the england football team during the 2014 world cup in brazil . the england team under peter moores have a more relaxed attitude towards the players’ use of social media than previous regimes . all-rounder ben stokes took to twitter , after taking a wicket with a no-ball in the west indies first innings , to comment : ‘ tweets about the no-ball flooding in , so tomorrow i won’t try , bowl four feet behind the line and bowl 70 mph ... then you’re all happy’ . despite the provocative tweet , for which he later apologised , the england camp had no complaint . instead they were pleased that one of the players had showed some character . england batsman ben stokes plays a sweeping shot during day four of the first test in antigua . hampshire chairman rod bransgrove’s biggest ambition in cricket is to see an ashes test match at his beloved ageas bowl ground , which he was mainly responsible for building and funding . however , it will be 2023 at the earliest before bransgrove has a chance of fulfilling his dream . and ironically ecb representative bransgrove has been watching the first test in antigua alongside former ecb chairman david morgan , highly influential in hampshire rivals glamorgan hosting ashes games in 2009 and 2015 . and since bransgrove was one of giles clarke’s major opponents during his autocratic ecb reign , that didn’t help hampshire’s chances either . hampshire chairman rod bransgrove ( left ) wants to see an ashes test match at the ageas bowl ground . peter salmon , director of bbc england , made a surprise appearance in the test match special booth at the sir vivian richards stadium . however , salmon had not flown out to the caribbean at licence fee payers’ expense , just to check whether joe wilson’s hard-working bbc sports team were giving value for money . he happened to be on holiday in antigua . sir viv : this is surreal . coming across sir vivian richards , king of antigua , having a moment alone surveying the test match scene , sports agenda asked him what it was like , watching cricket at a ground named after you and where your statue stands . ‘it’s surreal , ’ said richards . ‘ you have to pinch yourself . ’ the striking richards statue , by acclaimed cuban sculptor andres gonzalez , was funded by fidel castro’s cuban government to mark 20 years of diplomatic accord between the two islands . meanwhile , england’s intense batting coach mark ramprakash is taking a surprising interest in cuban politics . he tweeted : ‘ glad the us has finally taken cuba off the terror list and relations between the two countries are improving . ’ ex-england rugby 2015 chief executive debbie jevans attended thursday’s football league board meeting . debbie jevans , the former england rugby 2015 chief executive whose falling out with the rfu led to her walking out on her job — six months before the world cup — has made her first public appearance since that twickenham storm . she attended thursday’s football league board meeting in her role as an independent director and played a full part in the discussions . 