the little girl who broke millions of hearts after surrendering to a camera she mistook for a gun is now in the clutches of al qaeda , the mailonline can exclusively reveal . four-year-old hudea was pictured late last year by photographer osman sagirli in atmeh refugee camp , just 10km from the border with turkey . she , her mother and three siblings are understood to have been living in the syrian camp since hudea 's father was killed in the 2012 hama massacre . but two weeks ago , the family took a fateful decision to move south , towards the city of idlib - only for it to fall into the hands of al qaeda 's brutal syrian affiliate at the weekend . it means , once more , the family are in danger of becoming victims of a battle between the regime and rebels which has killed 220,000 since 2011 - 10,000 of whom were children . scroll down for video . harrowing : taken at the atmeh refugee camp on syria 's border with turkey , the image shows four-year-old hudea frozen in fear with her arms raised and her lips tightly pursed . hudea and her family left the camp two weeks ago ; it is thought they headed for idlib - now in the control of al-qaeda affiliate al-nusra . pictured : an al-nusra fighter holds his group flag in front of idlib 's governor building . sharia law : al-nusra have promised to bring in sharia law in the city , and have already started burning things considered banned under islam - like these cigarettes . the nusra front-led rebels is set impose sharia law on the city , which is only the second state capital to fall from the grip of president bashar al-assad 's regime . ' we salute the people of idlib and their stand with their sons , the mujahideen , ... and god willing they will enjoy the justice of sharia , which will preserve their religion and their blood , ' said abu mohamad al-golani , nusra front 's leader , in a recording released on wednesday . this is horrifying news for those living under the nusra front . the group group has a reputation for violence which is only rivaled by the horrors seen in isis-controlled territory . charlie winter , of the qilliam foundation , warned : ' jabhat al-nusra is an outspoken al-qaeda affiliate . it espouses a severe interpretation of islam and sharia law . ' they have been known to execute women who are allegedly running brothels , and stone adulterers . it is a violent interpretation of sharia law . ' indeed , the group appears to be all but following in the footsteps of isis , who have terrified the world with an onslaught of violence , including throwing people from the tops of buildings and getting small children to shoot so-called spies dead . worringly , the nusra front - who reiterated their allegiance to al qaeda in the last month - have said they want to create their own ' islamic state ' . the group is known for its use of suicide bombers as it tries to achieve its goal , and has claimed responsibility for mass executions , murdered journalists and even priests in the past few years . in the days since they took control of idlib , there have been reports of two christian men being executed , while the vatican - citing local news sources - claimed a greek orthodox priest had been kidnapped by jihadists . fight : the city fell after a four day battle which saw fighters on both sides lose their lives . flee : it is thought about 15,000 people ran from the city as the nusra front approached . trauma : save the children reports many of the children were traumatised by what they had seen . for a child like hudea , who has clearly already been left horribly traumatised by a war which has been raging her entire life , life under the strict sharia law is likely to be nothing be more terrifying . but life is no better under the syrian regime : indeed , it is al-assad 's fighters who were said to be behind the hama massacre in which she lost her father . pro-government militia killed at least 55 people that day , going from house to house , murdering men , women and children . it was after this the family fled north , to the camp near the border with turkey , which has grown to become a home to 30,000 refugees . but despite being so close to the safety of turkey , the family appear to have never made it across . instead , for reasons unknown to mailonline 's source within the camp , they decided to leave the camp - venturing out into territory which has changed hands between the different rebel factions and the al-assad regime numerous times over the last four years . the mailonline 's source within the camp said : ' the child does not exist now in the camp . they fled to a village in idlib about two weeks ago . ' wherever they have gone , it means the family are trapped once more between three violent sides - none of which are prepared to stop until they have wiped the other off the face of the earth . relative safety : many of the 15,000 are headed to refugee camps like atmeh , near the turkish border - but it is not known where hudea and her small family are . civil war : fighting has been going on hudea 's entire life , killing 10,000 children since 2011 . pictured : atmeh , her home after he father was killed in 2012 . and living in an area recently won by one side , does not guarantee survival - or peace . a source in the syrian military force told ea world view : ' we have an obligation to liberate the city ... i swear to god the highest we are not scared . ' joshua landis , director of the center for middle east studies at university of oklahoma , was also certain damascus would not give up without a fight . he told bloomberg : ' assad will likely bomb idlib so that its captors find little peace in their new prize . ' mr winter thinks it is unlikely they will have gone to areas controlled by the syrian government . one suspects the memory of what they did to her husband will mean hudea 's mother will keep her family away from al-assad 's forces . but villages not in the control of the regime have come under attack since nusra front 's assault on idlib - which itself sent 15,000 people fleeing for their lives . ironically , many are making their way to the refugee camps in the north - like atmeh , the safe haven hudea has just left . and now there are reports of the regime using chlorine-filled bombs against the towns surrounding idlib - a new horror for the little girl and her family to contend with . one can only imagine how hudea , caught in the crossfire in a fight she is too young to understand and so scared already she surrenders to cameras , will respond to any of this .  