didier drogba has provided the people of his homeland a lifeline , after the chelsea striker 's charity ball raised a staggering £400,000 for his foundation . drogba celebrated playing his part in chelsea 's 1-0 victory over manchester united on saturday night by putting on the event at london 's swanky dorchester hotel . and the ivory coast icon was delighted with how the evening panned out , as his team-mates and other members of the world of football and celebrity helped raise a figure that will open a medical clinic in abidjan , ivory coast 's capital , later this year . ivorian striker drogba smiles as he attends his charity ball at london 's swanky dorchester hotel hours after beating manchester united . blues brothers eden hazard and didier drogba enjoy a boogie alongside popstar christina milian at the dorchester hotel in london . chelsea striker drogba and pop beauty milian enjoy a sing and a dance at the ivorian 's charity bash at the swanky dorchester hotel in london . ‘i’m always so overwhelmed by the kind generosity and support that we see each time we host these events and saturday was no exception , ’ said drogba . christina milian was joined on stage by the chelsea forward for a night of entertainment in the west end , after jose mourinho 's side had moved one step closer to sealing their third premier league title . the didier drogba foundation has provided financial support across health and education in africa since it was founded in 2007 , and following the fourth ball to be held , many more children in villages outside of abidjan will now receive treatment for medical conditions through mobile clinics . drogba was thankful to team-mates petr cech , eden hazard , branislav ivanovic , gary cahill , juan cuadrado , nemanja matic and john terry for attending the ball , alongside many other guests which included thierry henry , edgar davids and jermaine defoe . drogba cracks a smile alongside popstar milian during the charity ball at london 's swanky dorchester hotel on saturday night . drogba meets and greets guests as he hosts his charity fundraiser at the swanky dorchester hotel in london on saturday night . after grammy-nominated singer milian was given backing support by drogba and hazard during her performance , fuse odg entertained guests with his greatest hits . the live auction was the focal point of the evening as vip tickets to the upcoming fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao triggered a bidding war , while hazard and ivanovic lost out on a mod scooter signed by chelsea’s 2012 champions league-winning side .