robert durst 's first court date culminated in a shouting match after none of his lawyers ' witnesses showed up . the 71-year-old real estate scion awaiting extradition to face murder charges in california appeared in new orleans accused of illegal gun possession . his defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching durst 's hotel room in the city without a proper arrest warrant . however , as a shackled durst appeared to be sleeping in the courtroom , the judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing . scroll down for video . controversial : robert durst , 71 , ( file image pictured ) appeared to doze of in the new orleans courtroom as his lawyers became embroiled in a shouting match with the judge after no witnesses showed up to the trial . in custody : durst has been in custody since his arrest on march 14 and labeled a suicide risk as he waits to be extradited to california where he will be tried for the 2000 murder of his longtime friend susan berman . durst was arrested on march 14 on charges of possession of a weapon by a felon and possession of a gun with a controlled substance , which carry a combined maximum sentence of 30 years in prison , but has yet to be formally charged . it was the day before the final hbo episode aired of the jinx : the life and deaths of robert durst . authorities who searched the room , where durst stayed under an alias , claim to have found over $ 42,000 in cash , a revolver , marijuana and a latex mask that could fit over his neck and head . fbi agents arrested durst over fears he would flee the country , the agency has said . on thursday , the judge eventually agreed to postpone the hearing until next week , when the witnesses - two fbi agents and a state trooper - could be charged with contempt of court for failing to appear . long a suspect in the disappearance of his wife , kathleen durst , in 1982 in new york , durst was acquitted in the dismemberment killing of his neighbor in texas in 2003 . he is now facing the death penalty in california , where he is accused of murdering his longtime friend susan berman in 2000 . two fbi agents and a state trooper ignored their subpoenas and could face contempt of court charges . the real estate heir was temporarily placed on suicide watch soon after his arrest . his lawyers claim his asperger 's syndrome led him to erroneously trust the hbo producers , who screened semi-confessional interviews that will now be used against him in trial . durst , who prosecutors have said is worth up to $ 100 million , has long been estranged from his powerful family , which has major new york real estate holdings . he has been held without bail at a facility for mentally ill inmates about 70 miles ( 110 km ) from new orleans , with local authorities having labeled him a suicide risk . 