a search for a sewage pipe beneath an italian restaurant yielded two centuries worth of history . lucian faggiano bought the building in lecce , puglia in the south of italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria - but renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked . and while attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a messapian tomb built 2,000 years ago , a roman granary , a franciscan chapel , and even etchings thought to be made by the knights templar . scroll down for 3d tour . lucian faggiano 's dream of opening a restaurant was scuppered when a dig to find a blocked sewage point yielded some 2,000 years of hidden history , including vast rooms and pottery ( shown in this image that features mr faggiano left and his son ) . in a bid to stop the sewage backing up , mr faggiano , 60 , and his two sons dug a trench and instead of isolating the offending pipe found underground corridors and rooms beneath the property on 56 via ascanio grandi , the new york times reported . the search for the pipe began at the turn of the millennium . lecce , at the heel of italy’s ‘boot’ was once a crossroads in the mediterranean and an important trading post for the romans . but the first layers of the city date to the time of homer , according to local historian mario de marco . eight years after it was meant to open as a restaurant , the building has been turned into museum faggiano ( pictured ) and a number of staircases allow visitors to travel down through time to visit the ancient underground chambers discovered by the family . he imagined it would take a week to dig down and fix the plumbing beneath the building , but instead , the diy mission led to the discovery of a messapian tomb , a roman granary ( pictured left ) , a franciscan chapel - and even etchings from the knights templar . an ancient room beneath the modern building is shown right . the search for the pipe ( shown in this image of mr faggiano and his son ) began at the turn of the millennium when no-one could have predicted the treasures hidden beneath the floorboards , which revealed a subterranean world dating back to before the birth of jesus . it is not unusual for religious relics to turn up in fields or in the middle of the city itself , which has a mixture of old architecture . for example , a century ago , a roman amphitheatre was recently found beneath a marble column bearing the statue of lecce’s patron saint , orontius in the main square and recently a roman temple was found under a car park . ‘ whenever you dig a hole , centuries of history come out , ’ said severo martini , a member of the city council . years of excavations have seen the emergence of roman devotional bottles , ancient vases and a ring with christian symbols as well as hidden frescoes and medieval pieces . here , mr faggiano carries a piece of roman pottery from an underground room . the building yielded plenty of nooks and crannies including mysterious shafts ( pictured left and right ) which lead to older parts of the building deeper and deeper underground . lucian faggiano bought the seemingly standard building in lecce , puglia in the south of italy , ( marked on this map ) but his dream of turning it into a trattoria was put on hold thanks to a broken toilet . lecce , at the heel of italy’s ‘boot’ was once a crossroads in the mediterranean and a trading post for the romans . the origins of lecce in southern italy are thought to be more than 2,000 years old . it was founded by the messapii , who are said to have been cretans in greek records , explaining the city 's greek culture . according to legend , a city called sybar existed at the time of the trojan war and was founded by the messapii . it was conquered by the romans in the 3rd century bc , who gave it the name lupiae , which later became lecce . under the emperor hadrian , in the second century ad , the city moved two miles ( 3km ) northeast , got a theatre and an amphitheatre and was connected to the hadrian port . oronotius of lecce , who is known as sant'oronzo is thought to have served as the city 's first christian bishop and is now lecce 's patron saint . after the fall of the roman empire , the city was sacked by king totila in the gothic wars . after that it was conquered once again by the byzantines in 549 and remained part of the eastern empire despite some small conquests . after the normans arrived in the 11th century , lecce grew in commercial importance again , having been an important trading post in roman times . it grew rich and became one of the most important cities in southern italy , evidenced by its many impressive baroque monuments . plague broke out in the 17th century and the city was briefly home to allied fighters fighting the nazis in the second world war . mr faggiano asked his sons to help fix the problem with the plumbing so he could accelerate the opening of his restaurant , in a building that looked like it was modernised . but when they dug down they hit a floor of medieval stone , beneath which was a messapian tomb , built by people who lived in the area before the birth of jesus . legend has it the city was founded by the messapii , who are said to have been cretans in greek records , but then the settlement was called sybar . upon further investigation , the family team also discovered a roman room that was used to store grain , and a basement of a franciscan convent where nuns were thought to have once prepared the bodies of the dead . afraid of costs and the delay in opening the restaurant , mr faggiano initially kept his amateur archaeology a secret from his wife , in part perhaps because he was lowering his youngest son , davide , 12 though small gaps in the floor to aid his work . but his wife , anna maria sanò suspected the work was more complex than it appeared thanks to the amount of dirty clothes she was washing , and because of dirt and debris being taken away . investigators shut down the site , warning mr faggiano he was conducting an unofficial archaeological dig . after a year , work continued but had to be overseen by heritage officials who witnessed the emergence of roman devotional bottles , ancient vases and a ring with christian symbols as well as hidden frescoes and medieval pieces . retired cultural heritage official , giovanni giangreco , who was involved with the excavation , said : ‘ the faggiano house has layers that are representative of almost all of the city’s history , from the messapians to the romans , from the medieval to the byzantine time . ’ afraid of costs and the delay in opening the restaurant , mr faggiano initially kept his amateur archaeology a secret from his wife . here , he sorts though pieces of glass and pottery found in one of the rooms . there are even pieces embedded in the wall . upon further investigation , the family team also discovered a roman room that was used to store grain and a basement of a franciscan convent where nuns were thought to have once prepared the bodies of the dead . the cavernous property has been turned into a museum so visitors can easily see the remains ( pictured ) . mr faggiano ( pictured here with his son in an ancient underground room ) admits to becoming obsessed with the project , but still wanted to open his restaurant . despite bearing the financial load of the dig , the family became fascinated about the history beneath their building and made ends meet by renting rooms in it . mr faggiano admits to becoming obsessed with the project , but still wanted to open his restaurant . he said : ‘ at one point , i couldn’t take it anymore i bought cinder blocks and was going to cover it up and pretend it had never happened . ’ eight years after it was meant to open as a restaurant , the incredible building has been turned into museum faggiano and a number of staircases allow visitors to travel down through time to visit the ancient underground chambers . however , mr faggiano hasn’t given up on his culinary dream and is planning on opening a restaurant at a less complex location – even though he finally found the troublesome sewage pipe . mr faggiano , pictured here , said : ‘ at one point , i couldn’t take it anymore i bought cinder blocks and was going to cover it up and pretend it had never happened’ .