the real madrid squad looked in high spirits as they prepared for wednesday 's champions league quarter-final second leg clash against rivals atletico madrid . cristiano ronaldo and co looked in a relaxed mood as madrid boss carlo ancelotti put his side through some small-sided games with some seemingly comical results . dani carvajal was on the end of some tough love from team-mates sergio ramos , isco and nacho as the madrid stars play-fought much to the amusement those watching on . dani carvajal is mobbed by real madrid team-mates isco , sergio ramos and nacho during training . the madrid defender looked exhausted after play-fighting with his los blancos team-mates . cristiano ronaldo ( centre ) takes part in a small-sided game during the session on tuesday morning . the madrid star was all smiles as he took part in training ahead of his side 's champions league clash . the european champions can expect a different kind of battle on wednesday night as they look to make the most of home advantage against atletico . the madrid rivals players out a 0-0 draw in the first leg last week , leaving the quarter-final tie finely balanced . ancelotti 's side will be without striker karim benzema for wednesday 's match after revealing the french striker has has ' a sprain to the medial collateral ligament of his right knee . ' benzema missed madrid 's 3-1 la liga victory against malaga on saturday , but carlo ancelotti had hoped the striker would recover in time . madrid was already preparing for the second leg of the quarterfinals at home against atletico without gareth bale ( left calf ) , luka modric ( right knee ) and marcelo ( suspension ) . marcelo ( right ) , who will miss the clash through suspension , laughs along with ronaldo . atletico have beaten their neighbours four times and drawn against them three times in their bid for revenge for last season 's champions league final , which real won 4-1 after extra time and madrid forward james rodriguez expects a tough match . ' we have to show intensity , be completely focused , play well , ( we must ) all stick together . i think that if we do that we 'll come away with an excellent result , ' rodriguez told the club 's official website . ' we 're all dreaming of getting through this round , and if i can score too that 'd be great . what 's important is winning and getting through this tough match , which is going to be difficult , but we 're here at our home stadium and in front of our fans . i think it could be a great match . ' sami khedira ( left ) shares a joke with portuguese defender pepe as the players are put through their paces . german star toni kroos attempts to win the ball as madrid prepare for the visit of athletico on wednesday . los blancos goalkeeper iker casillas trains alone during the session at madrid 's valdebebas base .