a drugs charity has called on footballer raheem sterling to apologise to fans after he was filmed apparently inhaling legal high ' hippy crack ' . footage emerged today which appears to show the liverpool and england winger breathing in the gas nitrous oxide before passing out as giggling friends look on . drugs charity re-solv has called on the ' role model ' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health . footballer raheem sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as ' hippy crack ' . the video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before apparently passing out . the anti-drugs organisation 's spokesman , stephen ream , told mailonline : ' it 's very disappointing from our point of view . he is a big role model and we hate to see this kind of stuff from someone of his status . ' players in similar situations in the past have come out and apologised and we hope he does the same . ' nitrous oxide is not the most dangerous drug out there but there are deaths attached to it . there are risks and we would urge anyone tempted to take it not to do so . ' sterling 's boyhood coach , paul lawrence , told the evening standard : ' he has got to be a lot more careful with what he is doing out in public ... maybe he has got to sit down and think he is a role model and in the public eye . ' the video emerged just days after the england regular , 20 , was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe said to be as strong as 200 cigarettes . in footage obtained by the sun , sterling is seen sucking on an orange balloon then laughing and giggling . when the camera pans back to him , he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep . it is claimed that the video was taken at his home in southport . sterling is not the first player to have been accused of using the drug . tottenham 's kyle walker and west bromwich albion 's saido berahino have also appeared inhaling gas from balloons . both later apologised for their actions and discouraged fans from using the drug . drugs experts have warned revellers against inhaling nitrous oxide from balloons because it starves the brain of oxygen . liverpool manager brendan rodgers has issued a warning to the forward , who scored in liverpool 's 2-0 win over newcastle last night . it comes amid rumours the star is unsettled at liverpool and recently turned down a £100,000-a-week deal . liverpool manager brendan rodgers ( right ) has said he 'll talk to the star . rodgers said : ' for me it is something that when you are a professional sportsperson at the top level of the game , i do n't think it is something you should be doing . it is as simple as that . ' but i will speak to him on it , to see what he says on it . as you can imagine , i have only seen this today . ' in 2013 , england right-back kyle walker issued a grovelling apology after he was pictured inhaling the gas during an night out in sheffield . he later said : ' i have now been made aware of the health risks associated with the practice and accept that my actions were of poor judgement . ' in the same year , a photo was published showing then-newcastle striker nile ranger inhaling from a balloon at the wheel of his car . the picture appeared on instagram days before he was involved in a car accident . last year , west bromwich albion striker saido berahino was also pictured apparently inhaling the gas in his car , before reportedly driving from birmingham to london . in a statement , berahino later said : ‘ this was very poor judgement on my part and not the right example to be setting . rodgers added : ' we want players here who are super-professional and focused on their football . i know he is . he very much is focused on his football and improving as a player . ' as i have said before , young players make mistakes . as long as they learn from them , that is what is important . ' the matter adds to the controversy currently surrounding sterling amid a wrangle over a new contract . he risked the wrath of supporters a fortnight ago by admitting he had rejected a £100,000-per-week deal in an interview that was not sanctioned by the club recently . another newspaper also published pictures of him allegedly smoking a shisha pipe over the weekend . rodgers said any repercussions following the latest matter would be dealt with internally . he added that he did not feel the matter was a distraction . he said : ' i will speak to raheem . until then , it is something we will deal with internally . ' former liverpool player jamie carragher last night said the young star needs to learn from his mistakes and mature . he told sky sports : ' you make mistakes at that age , i did , we all do . it 's just important that we learn from them . raheem sterling needs to be on the back pages , not the front pages . ' the video emerged on the same night sterling scored a stunning goal in his team 's 2-0 win over newcastle . the video emerged days after the liverpool and england star was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe . the episode threatens to further disrupt liverpool 's preparation for their key fa cup semi-final clash with aston villa at wembley stadium on sunday . sterling was born in jamaica but moved to london with his mother , nadine , when he was five . he was removed from his primary school because of behavioural problems and spent three years at a special school , where he was told prophetically by a teacher : ‘ if you carry on the way you’re going , by the time you’re 17 you’ll either be in prison or playing for england . ’ he joined qpr aged 11 before transferring to liverpool’s youth academy when he was 15 , meaning he had to leave his home in wembley and his mother behind . he became a father to his daughter , melody rose , at the age of 17 . a liverpool fc spokesman said : ' we are aware of the story and intend to speak to the player . ' nitrous oxide has become popular with revellers in recent years , but experts warn it is dangerous . nitrous oxide is a gas that can make people feel relaxed , euphoric and giggly , leading to its nickname ' laughing gas ' . it is not illegal to be in possession of the substance , sometimes also known as ' hippy crack ' , although it is prohibited from being sold in england and wales to under-18s if there is a risk they will inhale it . abusing nitrous oxide can lead to oxygen deprivation resulting in loss of blood pressure , fainting and even heart attacks . while the gas can be legitimately used for pain relief in dental procedures , in engines to make them perform better , and in aerosol cans to prevent food going off , there have been concerns at its use as a so-called legal high . a home office campaign last year on the risks of legal highs showed that laughing gas was the second most popular drug among young adults in 2013/14 after cannabis , being more widely used than powdered cocaine and ecstasy . research by the local government association also described as ' deeply disturbing ' the notion that many young people view nitrous oxide as safe , despite it being linked to a number of deaths . seventeen-year-old joseph benett suffered a cardiac arrest after taking the popular party drug in 2012 . the promising art student fell into a coma but later died . in september last year three revellers became ill at a nightclub in bolton after suffering a suspected bad reaction to laughing gas . police were called to royal bolton hospital amid reports the patients were suffering from the effects of drug ingestion . it was thought they may have inhaled nitrous oxide , but they were said at the time to be recovering well . nitrous oxide has led to 16 deaths in the last five years as users can asphyxiate as they inhale the drug .