dozens of jet airways passengers experienced some frightening moments today when a plane’s landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down at an airport in india . the plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in khajuraho . the crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane’s inflatable slides to safety . photos provided by a journalist show the plane tilting to one side and its left engine touching the runway . in statements posted on twitter , jet airways described it as ‘ a technical problem with the landing gear’ and said reports of a fire are untrue . passengers spotted smoke outside the plane when the left wing landing gear collapsed , indian media reported . the incident occurred as flight 9w2423 arrived at the airport in khajuraho , about 375 miles south-east of delhi in the state of madhya pradesh , from varanasi , a 45-minute journey . after a brief stop in varanasi the plane was scheduled to continue to delhi . photos provided to mailonline travel by a live india journalist show the plane tilting to the left , with its left engine touching the runway and its emergency slides deployed . passengers were forced to exit the boeing 737-800 via its inflatable evacuation slides . jet airways said in a statement : ‘ safety chutes were deployed and all 59 passengers and eight crew on board the aircraft disembarked safely and were transferred to the terminal . ‘ jet airways is making arrangements to transfer outbound guests to varanasi and delhi . ‘ an additional flight is also being operated on the delhi-varanasi sector to assist in accommodating the outbound guests . ’ the mumbai-based airline said india’s directorate general of civil aviation ( dgca ) , which is responsible for investigating aviation accidents and incidents , has been informed . it added : ‘ the safety of passengers is the airline’s number one priority and jet airways will be working closely with the authorities during the investigation into the cause of this incident . ’ a government official told the indian express that no one was injured , but the runway is expected to be closed for 48 hours .