maate , it 's the biggest bogan in straya ! this is the image of the big bogan statue that the bogan shire council is aiming to erect in the town of nyngan to honour the aussie icon - and hopefully draw in the crowds . the man behind it all is graeme burke who is the manager of engineering services for the council and this is his design for the statue . this is how graeme burke envisages the ' big bogan ' statue will look like . pass us a smoke mate : the term ' bogan ' has a number of negative connotations for australians but has become a character part of popular folklore , being depicted here by actor eric bana . mr burke said the 3.6-metre statue would show a ' bloke ' wearing shorts , thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox . locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs . ' graham mccleod of the anglican church suggestion to me some time ago that nyngan would benefit froma “ big bogan” sculpture as a tourist attraction so i have been considering various designs for its construction , ' mr burke told daily mail australia . ' although i do not like the way a ' bogan ' is depicted and i do not want nyngan to be thought of as being a town full of “bogans” , it is a term that is widely used and well known in australia and new zealand . ' where better in australia could we have “ the big bogan” than on the banks of the bogan river , in bogan shire ? ' bogan shire council , in western new south wales , wants to erect a ' big bogan ' statue . the ' big bogan ' statue could prove as popular as the big banana which is a tourist attraction in coffs harbour . mr burke 's proposal is for a 3.6m tall steel figure cut out of 5mm steel plate . the figure is wearing a singlet , has a handlebar moustache and is holding a fishing rod . the esky in the original drawing would be constructed as a three dimensional steel box fixed to the sculpture to allow tourists to sit on to have their photo taken . ' i would like the sculpture to be related to nyngan on the bogan river , i have used the fishing theme and i would like to see it located on the eastern side of the peter sinclair bridge opposite the tritton mine village , ' mr bourke said . ' in this location it would be on the highway , at the river , and visible from both directions . ' the traditional bogan image has include a ' mullett ' style haircut , singlet and thongs , and beer . could the ' big bogan ' rival this ? nicknamed ' rambo ' , the big merino is a 15.2 metres tall concrete merino ram , located in goulburn , new south wales . the big prawn in ballina has become famous in the region . he estimated the construction and installation of the ' big bogan ' would be a total cost of $ 8,000 . the ' big bogan ' statue could prove as popular as the big banana which is a tourist attraction in coffs harbour , the the big merino in goulburn , the big prawn in ballina and sunshine coast 's big pineapple . however , bogan shire council said the venture would not go ahead until the community gave it the thumbs up . abc news reports that local residents have expressed mixed feelings about it already . in the sunshine coast , the big pineapple is a major feature . one said it was a great idea - but it could be improved . ' one thing that 's missing is the stubby , ' he said . another resident was less enthusiastic . ' i do not identify as a bogan - if you look up bogan , it 's very negative , ' she said . 