a five-year-old girl had to have her skull removed , smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle after doctors discovered it was too small for her growing brain . her mother stacey ciach , from geelong in victoria , had always wondered about the slightly narrow shape of daughter ava 's head . but it was n't until she took ava to a new doctor for a check-up that it was discovered two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely - a rare condition known as sagittal synostosis - restricting the growth of her brain . scroll down for video . five-year-old ava ciach , from geelong in victoria , suffered from sagittal synostosis - meaning the two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain . ava , now six , had to undergo complex surgery in which she had her skull removed , smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle . ' it was just a miracle that this particular doctor thought `` i 've got a few concerns about her head circumference '' , ' ms ciach told daily mail australia . ' she was n't abnormal , you would n't look at her on street and think there 's something wrong with her . ' but he was really thorough and said he was going to do a full once over . ' a ct scan proved ava had the condition – usually discovered when a child is between 10 months and two years old – meaning she had to undergo a raft of medical examinations . ' from the moment it was confirmed it was just test upon test upon test , ' ms ciach said . ' the waiting was just the worst – is this result going to be good or bad ? most were not positive but that 's just what we had to deal with . ' ava 's skull post surgery after it was ' smashed ' and put back together again . in september last year ava underwent the operation , which involved making an incision from ear to ear and removing her whole skull . ava was then taken to a combined clinic at the royal children 's hospital in melbourne with reconstructive plastic surgeon jonathan burge and 14 other neurosurgeons and other specialists to decide the course of action . they booked her in for surgery four days later . ' they just said `` she needs this surgery now '' , ' ms ciach said . in september last year ava underwent the operation , which involved making an incision from ear to ear and removing her whole skull . ' it pretty much shattered , it was like a big puzzle , ' ms ciach said . ' they removed her whole skull and just rebuilt it from a mixture of screws , plates and fragments of her own bone . ' the complex operation took nine hours , and ava was in a lot of pain in the days that followed . ' she had tubes coming out her neck and had a huge amount of morphine , she was just out of it for days , ' ms ciach said . ava is pictured , six months after surgery , with her reconstructive plastic surgeon dr jonathan bruge . ' it was horrible - you never want anyone else to go through it and see their child like that . ' it was difficult to watch but we knew she was in the best care . ' jonathan burge does great work at the royal children 's hospital ; it 's just an amazing , incredible place . ' ava was released from hospital and ms ciach said she was amazed by her daughter 's resilience . ' the recovery was pretty bad pain wise , her skull and skin were healing and it was pretty bad but she just dealt with it , ' she said . ' she 's such a strong , tough girl and she took it in her stride . ' seven months after her surgery ava , now six , is ' a completely different child ' . seven months after her surgery ava , now six , has started school and is ' a completely different child ' . ' now she 's just got more energy , she 's full of life and full of spark and so chatty , ' ms ciach said . ' she would get quite tired but all my kids have been good sleepers , we just thought that must be her . ' she 's not the fatigued child she once was . ' ava , who loves dancing and is obsessed with cooking shows on tv , has also started her first year at school . ' she loves academic stuff and creative things so it 's good , ' ms ciach said . ' she 's loving learning and just loving life which is all we could really want for her . ' the royal children 's hospital 's good friday appeal is on tomorrow , april 3 . for more information or to donate visit the official website .