the blood of hundreds of baby seals has stained the pristine white snow of canada 's ice floes as the world 's largest annual marine mammal slaughter begins . horrifying images taken only yesterday show seals being shot and wounded before they are dragged onto a vessel - where they clubbed to death for their fur . photographs of this year 's commercial hunt off the coast of newfoundland were captured by animal rights charity humane society international ( hsi ) who say the baby animals ' are dying a violent death for fur products that nobody is buying ' . horrific : humane society international has captured shocking images of seals being clubbed to death on canada 's ice floes ( pictured ) as this year 's ' commercial hunt ' gets underway . cruel : images show the animals - who are eventually skinned for their fur - being shot and wounded on the thin ice before being dragged ( pictured ) onto vessels . chilling : the seals who do not die from the gunshot wounds are dragged onto ships ( pictured ) where they are clubbed to death . gruesome : the baby animals ( pictured ) are suffering a violent death ' for fur products nobody wants ' according to humane society international . inhumane : some seals die from the gunshot wounds ( top ) while others escape into the water where they slowly die from their injuries ( bottom ) . blood-stained : once the animals are shot , sealers retrieve the bodies by impaling them with a sharpened hook ( pictured ) which forces the seals that are still alive to violently thrash out . cruel : the images hsi took from a helicopter above newfoundland 's ice floes show sealers ( pictured ) pulling the seal 's blood-stained carcasses onto their ship . the disturbing images show the animals thrashing in pain as they are pulled across the blood-stained snow while others are seen impaled on the boat 's deck . hsi 's executive director rebecca aldworth said : ' this is the 17th year that i have witnessed the seal slaughter . the suffering i have seen is impossible to forget . if the killing happened in view of the public , it would have been shut down decades ago . but it occurs far offshore . ' we saw one baby seal clearly raise her head from the massive pool of blood she lay in . another was shot and thrashed on the ice only to slip into the blood-slicked water . ' it is reprehensible that these baby seals are being killed with government financing , even as the largest seal processor in canada admits to warehousing a stockpile of seal fur . ' the newfoundland government has authorised the killing of up to 468,000 harp , hooded and grey seals , according to hsi . they claim the seals - many of which are just a few weeks old - are shot , clubbed and skinned for their fur despite a decreasing global demand for them . killing : even sir paul mccartney who visited a seal nursery with hsi in 2006 has made an emotional plea for canada to stop the seal hunt ( pictured ) . unforgiving : the animals are slaughtered in a remote region off the coast of newfoundland ( pictured ) - hsi says if the killing happened in view of the public ' it would have been shut down decades ago ' . brutal : veterinary experts claim the seals are killed inhumanely in the commercial hunt ( pictured ) because of the harsh environment in which it occurs and the speed at which they are killed . barbaric : hsi 's executive director says ' it is reprehensible that these baby seals ( pictured ) are being killed with government financing ' . demand : the country 's largest purchaser of sealskin announced that it will no longer purchase the fur from seals who are killed and skinned ( pictured ) during commercial hunts . innocent : government reports found 98 percent of the seals ( pictured ) killed in the canadian commercial seal slaughter are less than three months of age , according to hsi . the demand for seal products diminished greatly after the european union , united states , switzerland , mexico , taiwan and the customs union of russia , belarus , kazakhstan and armenia banned the trade of some or all products of commercial seal hunts . with china also blocking attempts to import seal meat into the country , the price of seal products from canada declined rapidly and convinced many ' sealers ' to abandon the act . sir paul mccartney who visited a seal nursery with hsi in 2006 has made an emotional plea for canada to stop the seal hunt . the former beatle said : ' canada 's brutal commercial seal hunt has begun , and once again thousands of baby seals will be shot and bludgeoned to make fur products that nobody wants or needs . ' videos of the bloody seal slaughter provide the only vital evidence to demonstrate year after year that these seals are dying a horrible death for their fur . ' in recent years , newfoundland 's government has reportedly dished out £6million in subsidies to seal processing plants to ' prop up the dying industry ' - and announced a further £1.3million earlier this month . ' it is a double tragedy , ' according to hsi spokesperson wendy higgins who told mailonline : ' they [ seals ] are suffering for frivolous fur products and canada ca n't even sell the fur because more and more countries around the world are boycotting sales because of the horrendous cruelty . ' ' we want the canadian government to offer a buy-out to the sealers and put and end to this senseless slaughter . ' the hunt is legal but that does n't mean that the killing is always done according to what few guidelines govern the industry and hsi has frequently documented breaches . ' even if they did always kill the seals according to the rules , it 's still a dreadfully brutal process ... this hunt is taking place many hundreds of miles out with absolutely no-one there to monitor what they 're doing . ' immoral : even though the hunt ( pictured ) is legal in canada , animal rights campaigners say it 's still a dreadfully brutal process . shocking : the newfoundland government has authorised the killing of up to 468,000 seals ( pictured ) this year , despite declining global demand for their fur . hunted : the boss of a company who accepted government funds to continue purchasing sealskin said ' it 's probably not a really good time to get in this industry ' . death : as many as half-a-million seals ( pictured ) will be hunted and killed in this year 's cull . only this week the country 's largest purchaser of sealskin announced that it will no longer purchase seal fur , citing a lack of demand and a warehouse full of it . carino processing ltd also refused over £600,000 in financing from the newfoundland government . but a new company phocalux international is accepting government funds and has stated it will purchase around 30,000 seal furs , according to cbc . the firm 's chief executive told the news channel ' the markets are n't really great around the world ... it 's probably not a really good time to get in this industry . ' government reports confirmed that 98 percent of the seals killed in the canadian commercial seal slaughter are pups less than three months of age , according to hsi . veterinary experts have stated that canada 's commercial seal hunt is inherently inhumane because of the remote , harsh environment in which it occurs and the speed at which the killing is conducted for commercial and safety reasons .