when jack wilshere was first showing signs of his enormous potential at luton town’s academy , the big boys down the road soon came calling . everyone was into little wilshere , with west ham ( the team his dad andy supports ) , tottenham and arsenal all offering to give luton’s academy kid a shot at the highest level . wilshere was a hitchin boy , spotted early by luton’s scouts before arsenal took him to their hale end academy at nine . at 16 , he made his first-team debut for arsene wenger’s side . charlie patino , 11 , and his family must weigh up offers from arsenal , chelsea and tottenham . like arsenal star jack wilshere he is a talented midfelder who has been spotted at luton town . soon it will be decision time for another luton discovery as 11-year-old charlie patino and his parents julio and katy weigh up offers from arsenal , chelsea and tottenham . like jack , he is a midfielder . the patinos are a level-headed family , absorbing the enormity of the offers on the table from three of the biggest clubs in the premier league before they come to a decision at the end of the season . ‘ we just want what’s best for charlie , to give him the best chance of being a professional footballer if that is what he wants to do , ’ said dad julio on wednesday . ‘ he is a dedicated boy , he works hard at school , gets good grades and is committed to playing football . he just loves it . ’ charlie took to the game at an early age , developing a feel for the ball that was far more advanced than his peers . ‘ other parents have commented on it in the past , ’ admitted julio . the big clubs have played everything by the book , formalising their interest with official communication to luton and offering to meet fifa’s compensation guidelines . the transfer fee involved is £10,000 , a sizeable amount to spend on a player who offers potential and promise after six years with luton . there are no guarantees that charlie , who is a season ticket holder at luton with his dad , will go on to make the grade when he eventually makes a decision . charlie , pictured with his sister lily and dog truffles , would cost £10,000 and is a season ticket holder at luton . 11-year-old analyses spanish football and his style of play has been influenced by favourite team barcelona . julio’s parents are both spanish . they moved to england in the sixties before their son was born in england . charlie watches live la liga games on sky sports . julio , who is a supporter of la liga strugglers deportivo la coruna , added : ‘ charlie doesn’t watch the spanish football , he analyses it . his mind is ticking away , watching the player movements and asking why they made certain decisions . he is very intelligent . he would say his favourite team is barcelona and he has definitely been influenced as a player by the spanish style of football . ’ charlie’s formal training began at the age of five when he joined st albans city youth , a team close to his parents’ home in london colney , hertfordshire . soon enough he was invited to play for luton , often playing in age groups one or two years above because of his outstanding ability with the ball . he has a superior touch and a great feel for the ball , making the game appear effortless . he trains six times a week , spending more than 10 hours a week playing in various age groups at luton’s highly respected academy before playing a game on a sunday for the club . julio , who works in the telecommunications industry , and mum katy , who works for marks & spencer , insist their son has been unaffected by the interest from london’s three biggest clubs , who made their initial moves a few months ago . charlie has often played in age groups one or two years above because of his outstanding ability on the ball . he trains six hours a week , spending more than 10 hours a week at luton ( pictured kenilworth road ) . the patino family have already visited the training grounds of tottenham , arsenal and chelsea with their son , listening to the sales pitches and making it clear that they will take their time . ‘ charlie is only 11 but he gets it and he knows what is happening to him , ’ added his dad . ‘ he knows that this is a big opportunity to train with a top club , even though there are no guarantees at the end of it . ’ the patinos have been guided through the process by luton , with the club’s chief executive gary sweet making sure that they have been kept fully informed . julio intends to continue to take his son to kenilworth road next season even though charlie will be settling into his new club . ‘ everybody at luton has been fantastic and it is a very impressive set-up , ’ he added . ‘ they have really looked after charlie over the years . ’ the patino family live near london colney and have visited arsenal , spurs and chelsea 's training grounds . 