a canadian firm has given new meaning to the phrase ' beauty sleep ' by creating a pillowcase which is being touted as the latest way to keep wrinkles at bay . the $ 40 ( £26 ) cloth cover - which comes with a lifetime guarantee - is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep . and unlike a normal cotton pillowcase , which apparently sucks moisture from the skin , the wrinkle preventing pillowcase 's special blend of ' hydrophobic fibres ' keeps the complexion hydrated all night . the wrinkle preventing pillowcase has ' a blend of hydrophobic fibres that help skin retain moisture ' . the infused special fibres are said to fight wrinkles like a face cream , redirecting moisture back into the skin . the pillowcase , made by hammacher schlemmer , in canada , was developed by a dermatologist and contains no creams or chemicals . according to its description online , a traditional cotton case has a ' rough surface ' that ' siphons moisture ' away , leaving the face dry and dull . but the wrinkle preventing version is ' therapeutic and extra-smooth ' , redirecting moisture back into the skin for a more vibrant , healthier-looking appearance in the morning . they say the machine washable silky pillowcase also helps skin stay smooth , thanks to its 22,000 densely woven micro-filaments that prevent friction and remain taut . they thwart the bunching and pressure that cause standard cases to inscribe sleep lines , ' which can develop into permanent wrinkles ' . another creation from hammacher schlemmer , which also comes with a lifetime guarantee , is the anti-wrinkle beauty pillow . the £40 anti-wrinkle beauty pillow is said to banish face and chest wrinkles for sleepers who lie on their side . it is said to banish facial and chest sleep wrinkles for sleepers who lie on their side . contoured like a butterfly with strategically placed cut-outs on either side and a supportive front wing , the soft , lightweight pillow’s polyurethane foam gently elevates the face and chest , preventing contact with the bed or pillow below . this apparently helps remove pressure on facial muscles which , as the american academy of dermatology cautions , can result in pillow wrinkles , creases , and puffiness . the lower wings elevate and support the head , shoulders and arms allowing for a comfortable back sleeping position in a way that can’t be achieved on a conventional pillow . use alone or as a pillow topper with an existing pillow . the microfibre cover zips off for machine washing for $ 60 ( £40 ) . it is contoured like a butterfly with strategically placed cutouts on either side .