what are the chances of finding musical talent by randomly approaching people on the street ? brisbane based dj-duo mashed n kutcher did just that when they offered a keyboard and microphone to members of the public and invited them to bash out a melody . the black-and-white clip has spread like wildfire , clocking up over 1.25 million views in under a week and gaining coverage on leading media outlets around the globe . the clip shows adam and matt , who choose not to give their full names , approach a busdriver and a 7-eleven clerk to have a bash on the keys before going in search of a singer . it 's then they happen upon a pleasant surprise . brisbane based singer ross bunbury offers his vocals to dj-duo mashed n kutcher in a viral video . the duo hail down a jogger on the street and ask : ‘ do you mind singing something real quick ? ’ ‘ what do you want me to sing ? ' the panting jogger asks , to which they reply : ‘ just make something up . ’ the mystery runner then launches into a moving melody , seemingly leaving the djs lost for words . ‘ we were pretty shocked . we had been approaching people all afternoon , and suddenly we found someone who not only sings but is willing to bust out like that on the first try , ’ matt told daily mail australia . ' they later sampled the velvet vocals of the jogger , which they described as ' actually amazing , ' into an electronic dance song . ‘ as dj’s we try to collaborate with as many people as we can , but it’s not always easy to link up with black eyed peas or david guetta , so we decided to hit the streets . ’ the dj 's said they were shocked to find such an impressive talent on the street , and that it proves there is talent to be found beyond artists featured on tv and radio . the duo approach the likes of a busdriver and 7-eleven clerk and invite them to collaborate . last month , the boys released a similar video which saw them order pizza and collaborate with the deliveryman . but the seemingly blasé response of the djs in their latest clip has fuelled accusations that the video was staged . ‘ people are entitled to their opinion , ' matt said . ' we always get a wide range of responses to our videos , and that’s fine . all we wanted to do was show you there is a talent everywhere , not just on the tv and radio , ’ said matt . the band has since received a flurry of requests to release a full version of the song , which they plan to do at a later date . ‘we’re pretty stoked at how much the video has taken off . it’s very exciting . hopefully we can do something for the singer too , it would be amazing if he got signed ! ’ last month , the boys released a similar video which saw them order domino 's pizza and collaborate with the deliveryman . the duo said they are ' stoked ' with the success of the video and they hope it will help the singer they featured raise his profile . the jogger in the clip was later revealed as ross burbury ( pictured , ) a singer songwriter from brisbane . the singer in the video , later revealed as ross burbury , is a singer songwriter from brisbane who is also head of direct sales at news corporation . daily mail australia has contacted mr burbury for comment but he was unavailable at the time of publication . mashed n kutcher , who formed in 2013 , have built a strong following from their mashups and energetic live shows . their first single do it now charted in the national top 30 on itunes and was the number one trending track in brisbane on popular music app shazam . mashed n kutcher , who are signed to warner music , have built a strong following from their mashups and energetic live shows . you can check their official youtube channel here .