ronny deila is preparing for the william hill scottish cup semi-final against inverness , believing celtic themselves provide the biggest hurdle to their treble hopes . the scottish league cup winners are eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the scottish premiership with six games remaining and strong favourites to make it four in a row . asked ahead of the trip to hampden park on sunday if he felt he had a treble-winning squad at his disposal , the norwegian boss said : ronny deila is preparing his celtic side for sunday 's scottish cup semi-final against inverness . as they ready themselves for the trip to hampden park , celtic will be focused on treble hopes . ' we will see but i really believe that we can do it and now it is up to us . ' if we are performing well , we know that we are very hard to beat . ' we have shown that for a long , long time now and again , our biggest opponent is ourselves . ' we need to keep our mind on the right things . ' i have felt a sense of excitement for a long time . but it is very important to focus on the next training session and next game , instead of thinking of what might be , thinking of what we have to do to make it as good as possible now . ' deila believes treble success will help not only attract players to the club this summer , but also help keep those who are already at parkhead and perhaps thinking of moving to pastures new . the former stromsgodset boss said : ' the players are happy , they enjoy being in glasgow and at celtic and if they see the team is going forward they want to stay , that is my experience . the scottish league cup winners are eight points clear in scottish premiership with six games to play . ' it 's my job to make the staff and players feel well and have fun and looking forward to coming to work . ' it is not like that everywhere . i 've had players come to me who are very unhappy and then money is nothing , in my opinion . ' the day after wednesday night 's 4-1 home win over kilmarnock , deila travelled south to see celtic 's development team lose on penalties to manchester city in the quarter-final of the premier league international cup . after their early champions league exit , celtic fans could be celebrating a treble-winning season soon . out of favour striker stefan scepovic , who was signed from sporting gijon for a reported fee of £2.3million in september , was given some game time and deila , who has anthony stokes suspended and gary mackay-steven and stuart armstrong cup-tied for the caley game , revealed the 25-year-old serbia international will be in his plans for hampden . he said : ' scepovic is in the squad for sunday . he needed a game instead of sitting on the bench on wednesday . ' his contribution is going up and down . there is competition , it 's tough to switch around when you have other strikers doing well . ' but he has some qualities that the others do n't have and he 's trying to improve . '