gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs in peru 's cotahuasi valley . each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies , with infants kept in small containers , and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing . archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs , recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as tenahaha . gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs in peru 's cotahuasi valley . pictured is the burial of a young woman found in the middle of one of the tombs . analysis of her skeletal remains reveal that she suffered dental problems , including the loss of teeth . ' when we think of the dead , we bury the relative and that 's it , ' justin jennings , a curator at toronto 's royal ontario museum told dailymail.com . ' but back then , in the andes , you continued to interact with those folks . people were moving bodies around all the time . ' the mummies in the tombs ranged in age from several days old to the elderly . but over the years rats had eaten away many of the remains , leaving only fragments . in one tomb , researchers discovered 400 isolated human body parts , including teeth , hands and feet . the few mummies that remained intact were bound by rope and placed in a foetal position . the mummies in the tombs ranged in age from several days old to the elderly . but over the years rats had eaten away at many of the remains . this image shows three vessels found by the feet of an individual . the mummies were buried with a variety of items including some beautifally decorated ceramic , pictured . pictured is the partial skull of an individual found in one of the seven opened tombs . the dead , numbering in the low thousands , towered over the living from in their tombs high on the hills around the valley . ' on occasion , there were mummies that were placed as offerings around the outside of the tombs , ' said jennings . the middle horizon period ( a.d. 600–1000 ) was a time of sweeping cultural change in the andes . archaeologists have long associated this period with the expansion of the wari state in the south-central andes and coastal area of modern-day peru . along with their expansion , came widespread violence . skull fragments in some areas of their territory reveal that 50 per cent had dents in their heads caused by violent blows . pottery in these areas were etched with drawings of fanged teeth and human trophy skulls . but tenahaha was believed to have been a relatively peaceful area in peru at that time . in tenahaha , only one per cent of skulls had dents . the pottery at the site is also decorated with what looks like depictions of people smiling . tenahaha may have served as a ' neutral ground ' where people could bury their dead and feast . ' they were broken apart but then placed back together in an anatomically correct position . ' scientists are still trying to understand why some of the mummies and artefacts were broken up in this way . one theory is that the movement of the mummies may have helped create a sense of equality among the community . there is also evidence that the rituals went on for days at a time , with parties being held in the valley below the tombs . jennings said that the dead , likely numbering in the low thousands , towered over the living from in their tombs high on the hills around the valley . ' it seems to be a place where people were bringing down their dead to that location , ' said jennings . ' they were having parties . there is evidence that they were making and drinking corn beer , and placing offerings underneath them . ' but he adds that the picture remains blurry , as the rituals were performed over many years , and likely changed during that time . a study of pottery at the site suggests it was used between about a.d. 800 and a.d. 1000 , with the inca settling there 500 years later . tenahaha was believed to have been a relatively peaceful area in peru during those years . pictured is a dismembered mummy . a tupu , which was an artifact that could have been used to fasten clothing , fell through this mummy’s rib cage when it was moved . tenahaha appears to have been created as a place where people from nearby villages could feast . parties , that lasted for several days at a time , were often held in the valley below the tombs . this image shows a storage area where food for feasting could have been kept . pictured are some of the decorated cups found in the tombs . human hands , lines , dots and happy faces can be seen . pottery found in other parts of peru had more gruesome images , largely due to a culture of violence . the wider area , however , was undergoing dramatic change , with populations growing , agriculture expanding and class differences emerging . at this time , the wari was being established in the south-central andes and coastal area of modern-day peru . and with it came widespread violence . skull fragments on the islands close by revealed that 50 per cent had dents in their heads caused by violent blows . pottery in these areas were etched with drawings of fanged teeth and human trophy skulls . in tenahaha , only one per cent of skulls had dents . the pottery at the site is also decorated with what looks like depictions of people smiling . jennings believe tenahaha may have served as a ' neutral ground ' where people could bury their dead and feast . ' we have finished the excavations , and we 're now trying to look at a different sites nearby during the same period to understand the relationship , ' jennings added . cotahuasi canyon near the city of arequipa in peru is the deepest canyon in the world , and a site of archaeological significance . the canyon is an impressive chasm that the river has eroded between two enormous mountain massifs : the coropuna and the sulimana . scientists are still trying to understand reasons why some of the mummies and artefacts were broken up in this way . one theory is that the movement of the mummies may have helped create a sense of equality among the community . pictured is the cotahuasi valley .