a runaway cab driver ended up sending a pedestrian tumbling through the air before crashing into a bus stop full of waiting passengers . the chilling footage was posted on facebook and shows the cab throwing 25-year-old kadeem brown across a median in the bronx , new york . the conditions were so icy at the time he slid into the opposite curb before coming to a stop . his green taxi struck and killed little tierre clark who was five . she was waiting with her mother at a bus stop when she was hit by the cab . warning graphic images . fatal blow : a store owner posted video that shows the moment a cab hits a pedestrian in the bronx , killing him . the victim is seen in the red circle . careening : kadeem brown , 25 , can be seen sliding across the ice after being knocked over by a passing taxi . shocking : brown can be seen laying on the ground as horrified onlookers attempt to summon help . ' accident happened at 170 and grand concourse in front of my bodega , ' facebook user junior papi sanchez posted online . police say emilo garcia , the 44-year-old driver , suffered a seizure moments before the crash on friday evening . despite the impact , he reportedly continued driving another 100 feet or so , before jumping a curb and crashing into the group waiting at the bus stop . he finally smashed into the side of a building . mr brown died at the scene , while the little girl who is not featured in the video died a short time later . garcia has since had his tlc license taken away but has not been not been charged with any crime . gone too soon : kadeem brown , 25 , was killed . ' a state and city licensed driver has killed two people in broad daylight , ' said charles komanoff of the safe street group right of way . ' the public has every right to demand that everything about the crash and the driver be dug up and made public . ' a memorial service was held for brown wednesday evening at mount carmel pentecostal church , and he will be buried thursday morning . grieving relatives and friends of brown posted memories of him on a fundraising page for his family . ' i always admired him , and said that 's how our young men should act and carry themselves , ' wrote his friend 's aunt tia linder . ' he was destined for greatness , but god had a much higher calling for him . you can tell a person 's true character by what others say about them when they are no longer here . ' another pal wrote that he was always the first friend to wish her a happy birthday . in heaven : tierre clarke , 5 , was tragically killed on friday , march 20th when a taxi jumped the curb while waiting for the bus with her mother . ' he was down to earth , and always gave an ear when needed , ' wrote renesha barrett . ' i miss him already . ' little tierre clark died at lincoln hospital . ' she loved to sing and dance — that was tierre , ' said the girl 's devastated grandmother , liz romani , 58 told the daily news . she would just be walking down the street and break into song . she loved whatever popular music was out . ' ' we 'd be watching tv , some sitcom , and she would just break into song and start dancing , ' romani said through tears . the family are attempting to raise funds for a funeral for their daughter by also using a crowdfunding page . crash : the new york city cab driver who killed a five-year-old girl and a 25-year-old man after mounting a curb on friday has been stripped of his tlc license . above , the driver 's smashed-up taxi . smashed in : the unidentified male driver , 44 , was reportedly traveling along the snowy grand concourse service road near 170th street in the bronx when he swerved on to the sidewalk . above , police at the scene . fatal : the man 's green-colored taxi struck and killed kadeem brown and little tierre clark , who were part of a group of people waiting at a bus stop on the road ( pictured ) . a man , 55 , and tierre 's mother were left injured . police at the scene : emergency crews arrived at the bustling grand concourse , where they discovered mr brown and miss clark lying unresponsive on the ground . mr brown , who lived nearby , was pronounced dead .