college basketball player lauren hill lost her battle with cancer on friday morning , aged just 19 . the indiana native , who was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday , had defied doctors ' expectations after they told her that she would not live past december . instead , she played four games with her team at mount st. joseph university in cincinnati and raised more than $ 1.5 million for research into the cancer , diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma . but as her condition worsened , she became an honorary coach and earlier this year , she moved to cincinnati children 's hospital , where she passed away on friday morning . scroll down for video . loss : lauren hill , who is pictured playing for mount st. joseph university in cincinnati in november , died in hospital on friday - aged just 19 - after a brave battle with a rare form of brain cancer . just a year and a half ago , hill was just another high school student getting ready for college after she decided to play basketball at mount st. joseph . a few weeks later , she started experiencing dizziness while playing for her high school team in nearby lawrenceburg , indiana . tests found the tumor and she was told that she had less than two years left . but in september , doctors told her she would n't make it past december - and after years as a standout high school basketball player , hill 's hopes of playing college ball were put in jeopardy . but the ncaa granted permission to move the school 's opening game forward because of her worsening condition , and on november 2 , she realized her dream of playing for the school . she scored the first and last baskets of the team 's 66-55 victory over hiram college . ' it 's a dream come true , ' she said . ' to play on a college court , to put my foot down on the floor and hear the roar of the crowd - i just love it so much . i love basketball . ' everything that happened today was amazing . i 'm truly happy , it 's a really good day . ' diagnosis : lauren is pictured left in december 2013 and right in december 2014 after her treatment for diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma , a rare childhood brain cancer , changed her appearance . brave : hill , who used her limited energy to inspire people and raise money for research into the cancer that ultimately took her life , is pictured in her room in cincinnati last december . final days : lauren is pictured enjoying easter and st patrick 's day from hospital in cincinnati . at the game , she said she wanted to find a cure for the rare cancer , which has a less than 10 per cent survival rate and most often affects children aged four to nine . diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma ( dipg ) is a type of brain tumor found in the part of the brainstem at the lower back of the brain . due to the tumor 's location , it can cause double vision , difficulty controlling eye movement and facial expressions , and difficulty swallowing and chewing . it may also cause weakness in the limbs . the condition primarily affects children most often between the ages of four and nine . between 100 and 150 new diagnoses are made a year in the u.s. only 300 are made across north america and europe a year . it can be treated with radiation , but chemotherapy is generally not effective and surgery is impossible due to the spread of the cancer into healthy tissue . unlike with other childhood cancers , there has been little progress in improving treatments and cure rates for the condition over the last few decades . fewer than 10 per cent of children with dipg survive two years after their diagnosis . source : dipg registry . ' when i was diagnosed i remember kind of feeling lonely because nobody understood , ' she said following the game , usa today reported . ' and now that more people know about this story and the awareness of dipg . ' i 'm so happy that people know about it now and that we can get some research going and hopefully find that home run cure for cancer . and even though i 'm probably not going to be around to see it , it 's going to help a lot of people . ' hill played in four games and made five layups before the spreading tumor made her stop . when the season ended , her team held its annual dinner in the hospital where hill was being treated . she was also honored at local sporting events and was featured on a box of wheaties - known as the breakfast of champions . the u.s. basketball writers association voted her the pat summitt most courageous award , which is normally awarded at the final four . athletes from other colleges autographed no . 22 jerseys - her number - and sent them in support . as the cancer slowed her down , her family , friends and teammates took a bigger role in promoting her fundraising campaign - and she kept reminding everyone to appreciate life . ' life is precious , ' she told wkrc-tv . ' every moment you get with someone is a moment that 's blessed , really blessed . ' the co-founder of her nonprofit foundation confirmed lauren 's death in hospital on friday . fighter : the ncaa moved the school 's first game forward last november ( pictured ) so that lauren could achieve her dream of playing for collegiate basketball . she scored the first and last baskets . heroic : hill , left , smiles at pat summitt after receiving the pat summitt award during halftime of her first ncaa college basketball game in november last year . she went on to play four games for the school . ' through lauren 's fundraising and advocacy efforts , she not only became a spotlight on the lack of funding for cancer research , but she most certainly has become a beacon guiding researchers for years to come , ' the cure starts now co-founder brooke desserich said . her nonprofit foundation helped to raise more than $ 1.5 million for cancer research . ' she 's made an impact on the world , more so than me - more than i ever will do , ' her coach dan benjamin said . ' i 've gotten so many emails and phone calls from all over the world . people are contacting me because they want to share her story . ' no information about a memorial has yet been released but lawrenceburg schools superintendent karl galey said on twitter that schools will be prepared to assist staff and students with counseling .