just like the channing tatum movie 21 jump street , an undercover drug sting in houston has lead to the arrest of six high school students following an eight month operation . the bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer , who posed as a high school senior between august 2014 and march 2015 . on top of the six arrests , an amount of cocaine , marijuana and prescription drugs xanax and tramadol was also seized in the bust . police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age , but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this . ' school is not a place that you should come in and try to sell your drugs , or come in and buy drugs , you go there to be educated , ' sgt . james brawner of the brazoria county sheriff 's office told click2houston . jumped in undercover bust : matthew van richardson , 18 ( left ) , has been charged with two counts of delivery of a controlled cocaine , while aaron coleman , 18 ( right ) , was charged with delivery xanax and tramadol . charged : jonathan gonzales , 17 ( left ) , was charged with two counts of delivery of marijuana and kevin lambert , 18 ( right ) , was charged with delivery of marijuana , one fourth ounce . the two schools hit in this operation were pearland high school and dawson high school . however according to lt. chris reioux of the brazoria county narcotics task force – who jokingly told the houston chronicle that he hates the recent jump street movies , starring channing tatum and jonah hill – said his department has conducted several jump street-style undercover operations in recent years . ' i do n't think anyone suspects that their classmate is an undercover cop , ' reioux told the newspaper . ' with the recent release of the ' jump street ' movies , i think they 're a little more apprehensive , but it 's more of a joking matter – ''you 're not '21 jump street ' are you ? '' ' they do n't believe the person next to them who shows up to school every day , is doing homework next to them , is an undercover officer . ' one adult student and two juvenile students arrested were from pearland high school . 21 jump street ... only in houston : dawson high school was one of two schools hit in the bust . bust : the operation was spearheaded by one male officer , who posed as a high school senior between august 2014 and march 2015 , in a plot similar to the 2012 film 21 jump street ( pictured ) . scene : pearland high school , in pearland , texas , south of houston , has about 3,600 students . the one adult was identified as 18-year-old aaron coleman , who was charged with delivery of controlled substance in a drug-free zone ( xanax ) and delivery of a dangerous drug ( tramadol ) . three adult students were arrested from dawson high school : kevin lambert , 18 ; jonathan gonzales , 17 ; and matthew van richardson , 18 . they were all charged with various drug offenses . however the investigation is continuing . ' there is still ongoing off campus investigations , ' brawner told the chron . ' we have wrapped up on campus , and now we are moving out into the communities and trying to further it that way . ' hit : 21 jump street became a huge hit when it was released , starring channing tatum and jonah hill , in 2012 . 21 jump st was released in 2012 and based on a 1980s tv series that starred a young johnny depp . in it , two youthful officers , played by tatum and hill , go undercover at a high school to bust a deadly drug ring . the actors reprized their roles for the sequel , 22 jump st , which was released in 2014 .