angelique kerber rallied past madison keys to win the family circle cup on sunday , capturing six of the last seven games for a 6-2 , 4-6 , 7-5 victory . this was kerber 's fourth wta title and first since linz in 2013 . the german broke serve five times against an opponent who had n't lost serve all week . kerber fell to the ground and covered her face in celebration when keys ' final shot sailed long . kerber had defeated friend , countrywoman and defending champion andrea petkovic in the semifinals . angelique kerber ( centre ) celebrates her victory in charleston with the local ball boys and girls . kerber kisses the trophy after emerging victorious in the final of the family circle cup . kerber trailed 4-1 in the final set , with the 20-year-old american using a strong serve to build what looked like a solid lead . the german won 12 of the next 16 to tie the match . keys moved in front once more at 5-4 before kerber took control for good . kerber won the next game at love , then rallied from 40-0 down to break serve and pull ahead . keys made four straight errors in the final game to give kerber the match . keys , seeded seventh , entered the final on a strong run . she had dominated four opponents in reaching her first clay-court final . but kerber was just as relentless at keeping the ball in play and counting on keys ' aggressiveness to lead to mistakes on the slow surface . keys finished with 57 unforced errors , nearly three times as many as kerber 's 21 . kerber sits on the court in apparent disbelief after she clinched victory in a pulsating final . keys gets tangled up on the court before going on to lose a tight three-set final . a general view of the main court in charleston during the final of the family circle cup . kerber broke serve three times in a surprisingly quick opening set . keys found her footing in the second set to tie the match . she moved kerber from side to side and used her powerhouse forehand to gain control . that continued into the third set and she built a 4-1 lead . keys consistently hit serves topping 100 mph . her consistency , though , did n't match kerber 's . keys made only 66 percent of her first serves while kerber proved steady at 83 percent . it was the second straight knockdown final for keys and kerber . keys outlasted the german in three sets to win her only wta title , at eastbourne last june . kerber stretches out to her right to play a backhand during the match . keys shows her frustrations after hitting a bad shot in the final on sunday . 