a british grandmother on death row in bali for smuggling cocaine has accepted that she will be next to face the firing squad . and lindsay sandiford has told a friend : ‘ i just want to get it over with . ’ the 58-year-old broke down in tears last night when she learned that her close friend – australian drugs gang leader andrew chan – is to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners on indonesia’s ‘ execution island’ , nusa kambangan . scroll down for video . lindsay sandiford , pictured , believes that she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs . sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , who is on death row , has told friends she ' wants to get it over with ' . chan’s brother michael told sandiford in a text message sent last night that the execution has been scheduled for tuesday evening . indonesia has vowed to kill all of its 58 foreign drug convicts by the end of 2015 – and sandiford expects to be in the next batch . she told a friend yesterday she was ‘ utterly heartbroken’ at the news about chan . ‘ if they kill someone as good as andrew , what hope is there for me ? ’ she said . ‘ i just want to get it over with . i feel like just giving up . ’ sandiford says chan – who was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called bali nine heroin smuggling plot – helped her cope in jail after she was given her death penalty two years ago . they became friends inside bali’s kerobokan prison . chan has written at least three times to her since being transferred in march to nusa kambangan for execution alongside fellow bali nine drugs gang member myuran sukumaran , 33 , who is also australian . chan – who turned to christianity and was ordained in prison earlier this year – told sandiford shortly before his transfer to execution island that he was reconciled to his fate . he said : ‘i’m not afraid to die but i am afraid of dying . i’m scared of the bullets and i’m scared it won’t be a quick death . ’ her friend andrew chan , pictured , is expected to be put to death on kerobokan prison on tuesday . sandiford was arrested trying to smuggle an estimated £1.6million worth of cocaine from bankok into bali . she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine . in his handwritten letters to sandiford , chan jokes about the quality of the food , and describes a meal of butter chicken and naan bread as his ‘ last supper’ . he urges sandiford , who used to tease him about his religious fervour , to ‘ keep reading your bible’ and writes : ‘you’ll find great comfort in the words , as god will speak to you directly . ’ his last letter ends with the message : ‘ you have a place within my heart , my friend . be blessed . much love and prayers , andrew . ’ in the text , michael chan said he hoped his brother would be remembered as ‘ andrew the pastor , not the kingpin’ . sandiford told her friend : ‘ i really admire andrew . he’s been an incredible help to me and he would be there for anyone who genuinely needed help inside the prison . ‘ the heart of the prison has gone since they left . they organised rehabilitation projects . if it wasn’t for them , we wouldn’t have running water on the blocks , or the classes in painting , cookery and computers . ’ sandiford , from cheltenham , admitted smuggling cocaine worth £1.6 million from bangkok to bali in 2012 , but claims she was coerced into the crime by a syndicate that threatened her sons . she took part in a police sting that led to the arrest of the syndicate’s leaders . she was sentenced to die despite a prosecution recommendation that she serve 17 years . the syndicate’s alleged leader , former brighton antiques dealer julian ponder , 44 , was jailed for six years . sandiford has been refused funding for an appeal against her sentence by the british government and has rejected consular assistance , in part because of a romance between ponder and the british vice-consul to bali , alys harahap , that led to harahap’s suspension . a website and facebook page launched in sandiford’s name to fund a retrial had by yesterday raised only around £700 towards the tens of thousands of pounds needed for a legal challenge to go ahead .