england may be well on course to sealing their spot at euro 2016 but it appears as if manager roy hodgson still does not know his best xi . sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in france , assuming everyone is fit of course . let us know your england xis by posting them in the comments section below . england manager roy hodgson pictured at the juventus stadium during tuesday 's friendly against italy . matt lawton . hart ; clyne , cahill , jagielka , baines ; henderson , wilshere ; welbeck , rooney , sterling ; kane . not perfect by any means but i think it’s important to keep rooney in a more central position , in the no 10 role he is most comfortable in , behind the best striker at this moment in time . right now it’s kane but sturridge and welbeck certainly offer good alternatives . there’s pace in that team as well . no natural holding player ? i’m not convinced carrick is the way forward . get the best players on the pitch . england captain wayne rooney ( centre ) looks to get a shot in at the italian goal on tuesday . ian ladyman . hart ; clyne , cahill , jagielka , baines ; henderson , wilshere ; welbeck , rooney , sterling ; sturridge . england’s defensive options remain their big problem so this is a team set up to score goals and win games by playing on the front foot . luke shaw hasn’t done enough yet to displace baines while henderson and wilshere represent a holding duo at the base of the midfield that should provide security bit also the ability to get the team moving forwards when appropriate . rooney is picked in this team in a central role while sturridge gets the nod ahead of young pretenders such as harry kane simply on the back of experience . this is the first game of a major tournament after all . daniel sturridge ( left ) charges forward with the ball during last september 's friendly against norway . rob draper . hart ; clyne , cahill , jones , gibbs ; carrick ; henderson , wilshere ; sterling , rooney , welbeck . no place for daniel sturridge at present and you might have to re-think if he 's clear of injuries - but for the moment rooney has to play up front . if england need a more attacking shape , rooney can drop in and sturridge come on for wilshere or henderson , but i 'd be wary of starting that way , as england could n't defend properly with two midfielders in brazil . the back four does n't convince but jagielka and baines struggled at the world cup and johnson is now out of the reckoning . england 's jordan henderson in action against italy at the juventus stadium on tuesday night . matt barlow . hart ; clyne , cahill , jones , baines ; henderson , carrick , milner ; sterling ; rooney , welbeck . not far off the team hodgson picked against lithuania on friday . it 's as good as we get at the moment . wish it was stronger at the back , where perhaps smalling and bertrand can apply pressure . no place for wilshere in a three-man midfield . need mileage and ball-winning abilities to offset the luxury of carrick in as a playmaker . rooney and welbeck on the basis they have delivered in international football but much will depend on kane 's second season and the fitness of sturridge . gary cahill ( left ) tackles lithuania 's saulius mikoliunas during last friday 's euro 2016 qualifier . sami mokbel . hart ; clyne ; cahill , jones , gibbs ; henderson , oxlade-chamberlain ; welbeck , rooney , sterling ; kane . the two biggest calls here are gibbs over baines and chamberlain instead of wilshere . for me , the two selected will add more athleticism to the side without the loss of quality . there 's certainly goals in this team , as well as pace . europe beware ! england left-back kieran gibbs ( right ) looks to run past italian alessandro florenzi . joe bernstein . hart ; walker , jones , stones , shaw ; carrick , henderson ; sterling , rooney , young ; sturridge . it 's ridiculous that michael carrick is only now getting the international recognition he deserves . he should have been a regular in the last two world cups and will only be 34 at euro 2016 . with him and rooney in the middle and lots of legs and energy around them , england should be able to play the quick and accurate tempo displayed by liverpool in the last couple of years . personally , i think that 's the way to go rather than try and hit a big centre-forward like harry kane . youngsters like john stones and luke shaw will really emerge over the next 12 months . michael carrick ( right ) controls the ball as roberto soriano looks to make a challenge in turin . riath al-samarrai . hart ; clyne , smalling , cahill , baines ; carrick , wilshere ; oxlade-chamberlain , rooney , sterling ; kane . the big unknown is harry kane 's progress and whether he will do it all again next season . it 's perhaps harsh on daniel sturridge , who has proven his effectiveness over greater time , but how can anyone currently bet against kane ? the big weakness remains at centre-half - neither man truly looks the part at the international level but smalling has improved this season . at 25 he needs to improve further still . if sterling 's ego can process being on the left , where he has shown himself to be more than capable , then this could be a delightful attack . england 's harry kane ( right ) leaves italy 's giorgio chiellini face down on the pitch during the friendly . mike keegan . hart ; clyne , cahill , jagielka , baines ; henderson , carrick , barkley ; sterling , rooney , welbeck . welbeck just gets the nod over kane primarily for his pace and movement which is vital to england attacking at pace . if there is any chance john terry can be lured back he walks in at the expense of jagielka . carrick must start and barkley must cut down on giving the ball away in dangerous positions but offers more going forward than fabian delph . baines gets one last chance to deliver on the international stage , ahead of kieran gibbs . danny welbeck ( left ) shoots during england 's euro 2016 qualifier against lithuania at wembley on friday .