two birds of prey have been caught on camera brutally fighting over a nesting box , staring each other down before attacking each other with sharp talons and beaks . a kestrel and a barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other while trying to gain mastery of the box so they could lay eggs and rear their young in safety . and despite the owl 's cuddly reputation , it came out the victor , forcing the kestrel to seek an alternative home for itself and its mate . face-off : a barn owl and a kestrel have been caught on camera fighting in a nesting box . conflict : the two birds of prey lunged at each other in a vicious scrap . the fight was captured on video by wildlife photographer robert fuller , using a camera he set up inside a 13ft-high elm tree stump in his garden in thixendale , north yorkshire . he said that a pair of kestrels had been guarding the nesting box in the tree , but when they left in the evening a barn owl swooped in and laid a claim to the nest . after the owl drove the kestrels away he managed to attract a mate to share his new home - but the kestrels found an alternative nesting box in mr fuller 's garden . the cameras were set up as part of an exhibition at mr fuller 's gallery , monitoring the nest of blackbirds , blue tits and pheasants as well as birds of prey . confrontation : the kestrel was attempting to win back the nesting box after guarding it all day . flurry : a video camera captured the vicious fight , with the two birds throwing themselves at each other . on top : at one point the kestrel had the owl up against the wall of the box inside an old tree stump . mr fuller said : ' the nest has been used in the past by tawny owls and this year the kestrels were showing a lot of interest in it . ' the female was guarding it during the day then in the evening a male barn owl started coming in and calling for a mate . ' the kestrel and barn owl battle is absolutely spectacular footage . it 's much more exciting than any soap or drama on tv . ' in the footage you can see the barn owl lands and the kestrel comes right behind and hits so hard it knocks it inside and into the nest wall . ' both birds are very well equipped to kill things , they have very sharp talons . they often have disputes in the air but here they were in a very confined space . turnaround : despite the kestrel 's more aggressive reputation , the barn owl ended up defeating it . victor : at the end of the video the owl can be seen admiring its new home . ' at the beginning the barn owl was looking for an escape route but the male kestrel keeps appearing at the opening . ' kestrels have a terrier mentality , they 're aggressive . barn owls are n't really but they do have very long legs and talons , it was a fairly even battle . ' the kestrels have been here since 2006 and i feed them in the garden , they 're like part of the family . but the barn owl is my favourite bird and i wanted them to nest here too . i did n't want either of them to get injured . ' the barn owl won , he 's found a mate now and the kestrels are in a different nesting box in my garden . the female is guarding it day and night , she 's not going to get caught out again . ' barn owls and kestrels are both attracted to nests which overlook open land , meaning that it is fairly common for them to compete for the same nesting space .