chris smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at manchester united worth in the region of £80,000-a-week after turning his career around at old trafford . the 25-year-old england centre-back had been linked with a move to arsenal after struggling to hold down a first-team place at united and being branded ‘stupid’ by manager louis van gaal for his sending-off in the manchester derby at the etihad earlier this season . smalling was also guilty of several off-the-field indiscretions , including being pictured going to a fancy-dress party as a suicide bomber last year . chris smalling ( left ) signs his new manchester united contract alongside club boss louis van gaal . smalling celebrates scoring united 's fourth goal during their 4-2 premier league win against manchester city . but the defender has matured under van gaal and become a regular starter in the dutchman’s team this season . he was due to be out of contract next summer but has now committed himself to united until 2019 . van gaal said : ‘ i am delighted he has signed a new contract . chris has improved and developed immensely during the short time that i have been at the club and has become an integral part of the first-team squad . ‘ he always conducts himself in a very professional manner and it is also pleasing that he has scored some important goals this season too . ’ smalling , who cost united £10million from fulham in 2010 , has made 147 appearances and won two premier league titles . four of his nine goals for the club have come this season , including one in the old trafford derby earlier this month as united beat city 4-2 . the 25-year-old has become a regular for van gaal after struggling for a first time place earlier this season . he said : ‘ i am so proud to play for such a great club . we have developed as a team over the course of the season under louis van gaal and we are now playing as a complete unit . ‘ this is a very exciting time to be at manchester united . we are all determined to get back to where we belong and competing at the highest level . ’ smalling has established himself as a permanent member of england 's squad during the euro 2016 qualifying campaign and that boils down to his vast improvement under van gaal . smalling shakes hands with dutch boss van gaal after signing his new long-term deal . smalling has made 147 appearances for united and won two premier league titles along the way . with a top four finish and champions league qualification close to being secured , the 25-year-old can look forward to more european adventures as his development continues . after the disappointment of last season , van gaal has instilled a level of confidence into his players and smalling has thrived under his tenure since the turn of the year . the former fulham man is keeping big summer signing marcos rojo out of the side at and that 's testament to his improvements after a difficult start to the season . smalling is expected to keep his place in united 's starting eleven for the visit to everton , as the red devils look to get back to winning ways after defeat at chelsea . smalling has become a leader since establishing his place in the starting eleven as he thrives under van gaal .