kim kardashian continued her tour of the tour of the holy land with husband kanye west and their daughter north , as she visited the site of jesus christ 's crucifixion . on monday , she took her family to jerusalem 's old city - the reputed location of the historical religious event - to visit armenian church st james cathedral in order to baptise their little girl . and , clearly overwhelmed and honoured by the pilgrimage , kim took to instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the holy building . scroll down for video . humbled : kim kardashian seemed amazed to be inside saint james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city on monday , the location for her daughter north 's baptism . along with her artful first post from inside the st james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city , kim revealed it had been an early start for the family . ' good morning jerusalem ! we woke up really early to see the site where the crucifixion of jesus christ took place , ' she wrote . the image showed the ornate interior of the 12th century church , which sits in the armenian quarter of the city , the capital of israel . family time : another picture posted on kim 's instagram showed her and husband kanye west crouching under the statue of jesus christ . a second shot posted on the reality tv star 's instagram page showed herself and kanye crouching under the statue of jesus christ on the crucifix , although as it was heavily filtered , the showbiz couple were hard to see . the centuries-old church in the holy land was the location of choice for the kardashian-wests for the baptism of their nearly two-year-old daughter . and as they approached the iconic building , they fended off swooning fans as they entered it . archbishop aris shirvanian , an armenian church official , revealed the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony . surprise stop : kim , kanye and north arrived early on monday in jerusalem for north 's baptism . special visit : kanye and north at the armenian st. james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city . sacrament : archbishop aris shirvanian , an armenian church official , confirmed north 's baptism . ' kim kardashian 's daughter will be baptized and become a christian officially and a member of the armenian church , ' shirvanian said , slightly perplexed by all the commotion . ' all i know is that she 's a famous personality . i do n't know her in person . in any case she is welcome with her family . ' a source tells e ! that khloe , who attended the ceremony wearing sneakers and ripped jeans , is north 's godmother while the priest acted as her godfather ( while uncommon , it is an option where there is n't one ) . vip treatment : the family were escorted out of the church by a priest . tight security : the group were surrounded by guards . no heels today : kim wore sensible flat sandals for the ceremony . the insider described the ceremony as ' so special ' . the 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour . kim opted for a striped wrap-around dress and flat sandals . afterwards , the family dined with jerusalem mayor nir barkat at mona restaurant . members of reality tv 's first family touched down monday in the holy land for what was described as a private two-day visit . they family had earlier arrived in a private jet at israel 's international airport before being whisked away in a dark black suv to a hotel in jerusalem . protective dad : the rapper left the church after the ceremony with his daughter in tow . taking in the sights : the group explored the historic church . holy land visit : the family are in jerusalem for what was described as a private two-day visit . family affair : khloe kardashian was also on the trip , and acted as north 's godmother . cuddles with mom : the reality star carried her daughter into the church . all were captured on camera disembarking their plane and the images featured prominently on israeli websites . the kardashian entourage arrived from a high-profile visit to armenia , where the kardashian family traces its roots . they are expected to shoot some footage for their reality show in jerusalem before moving on to jordan . reality tv royalty : the star gave fans a regal wave . the family 's armenian tour certainly ended in spectacular fashion after kanye gave a surprise free performance in the capital city , yerevan , on sunday night . he had to be rescued by security after being mobbed by fans in swan lake . things got hectic when ' thousands ' of fans followed his lead and waded into the water . before striding into the shallow lake , he told the assembled crowd : ' over there , can y'all see me over there ? we 're going to do something different right now , like , like , like we always do it this time ! ' not too close ! kanye tried to keep the crowd at bay . as paparazzi scrambled to get a picture , security guards pulled kanye out from the group of fans and police stopped the gig - which was being live streamed - from continuing . however , despite the abrupt ending to the set , which lasted just six songs , he and kim appeared to have enjoyed the mayhem . his wife tweeted afterwards : ' crazy night ! kanye wakes me up & says he 's doing a free concert in yerevan , armenia ! i throw on sweats & we go ! thousands of people were there ! kanye jumped in swan lake to be closer to the crowd on the other side & so many people jumped in too ! such an exciting crazy night ! so happy i got to rock out with everyone in armenia on our last night here ! ! ! ! # epicnight # armenianpride ( sic ) ' baby and yeezus : kanye doted over his only child . back on daddy duty : the rapper performed a surprise concert in armenia on sunday to mark the end of their trip . quick visit : the family are expected to leave israel on tuesday . the 34-year-old - whose late father robert kardashian was of armenian-american descent - later took to twitter again to thank everyone who came out to see her husband perform , and said she was going to miss the country . kim tweeted : ' i 've learned on this trip how many talented armenian musicians we have ! what an incredible night ! ! ! ! going to miss it here ! ! ! thank you to everyone who came out last night to see kanye perform ! ' the reality tv star 's armenia trip had been very well-documented on the social media website , as she posted pictures of her , her sister khloe , and cousins kourtni and kara , meeting the armenian prime minister , as well as the two sisters having an ' emotional day ' at the genocide museum - which they were visiting for a documentary they 're filming about the armenian genocide . kim tweeted : ' it was an honour to meet the prime minister of armenia , hovik abrahamyan . he expressed how proud they are that we are proud armenians and we have not forgotten our roots . # neverforget ' . power couple : the pair met with jerusalem mayor nir barkat and his wife beverly after the baptism . dining with the stars : the group ate at mona restaurant in jerusalem . 