teaching assistant phil smith , 25 , ( pictured ) died after trying to climb through an upstairs window . a primary school teaching assistant who forgot to take his keys on a night out died after trying to climb through an upstairs window . phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head . the 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall . he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 . mr smith 's parents have paid tribute to their ' lovely son ' who had a ' natural talent with children ' . his mother lisa darnbrough , 49 , said : ' phil was such a lovely lad . you could not ask for a better son . ' he fought like a hero in hospital for five days after the fall , surprising us and the hospital staff . sadly , he lost his battle but he gave us five days to come together and have time to say our goodbyes . ' we are so proud of phil and we will make sure our hero gets the send-off he deserves . ' his father , nick smith , 50 , said : ' he just had such a positive outlook on life , we called it ' phil 's bubble ' . ' he found out ways to bring out love in other people which is a rare quality to have . ' the 25-year-old was found by his housemate kris lake who tried to resuscitate him . he gained a degree in sports science at the university of hull and worked as a teaching assistant at riverside special school in goole , yorkshire , where he met his girlfriend eve netherwood . ms darnbrough said : ' his eyes lit up when he talked about his job . ' i saw him in the classroom and he just had a natural talent with the children . it was effortless . he was so amazing at interacting with his students . ' his mother lisa darnbrough , 49 , ( pictured together ) paid tribute to their ' lovely son ' who had a ' natural talent with children ' . he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 . eve , 28 , said : ' phil was simply amazing and a wonderful boyfriend . we had so many good times together . ' phil played football for haltemprice in the east riding county league and a minute 's silence will be held at the next game . his manager , rob kennington , said : ' he was a manager 's dream . he was always the first to training and used to text me constantly to see if he was playing . ' he was very determined and wanted to improve and get better at everything . ' we will do everything we can to make sure people remember him and we are trying to get promoted this season as a legacy for phil . ' the 25-year-old , who also coached young children , was found by his housemate kris lake who tried to resuscitate him . 