rangers ' teenage striker ryan hardie marked his first ever light blues start with a brace as stuart mccall 's side clinched a 3-1 win over dumbarton . the 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances before facing the sons at the dumbarton stadium , but his double put rangers in command after they fell behind to mark wilson 's second-minute opener . the former celtic full-back 's last goal was also against rangers - he netted the hoops ' winner in a controversial scottish cup quarter-final replay at parkhead in march 2011 . rangers ' teenage striker ryan hardie scored a brace on his full debut against dumbarton on saturday . hardie 's brace comes as rangers boss stuart mccall fulfills his promise of fielding more academy players . a touchline bust-up between then celtic boss neil lennon and gers assistant ally mccoist sparked a summit on sectarianism but there was no further drama this time as haris vuckic fired home a spectacular third and rangers eased to victory . mccall promised his students from the murray park youth ranks they would be given their chance to impress when he took over last month . and he stayed good to his word as hardie - who has notched more than 30 times for the club 's under-20s side - and winger tom walsh came in to replace kenny miller and dean shiels following wednesday 's 1-1 slip-up at livingston . but nicky clark 's horror miss after less than a minute was not the start the ibrox boss was looking for , especially when wilson showed the gers striker how it should have been done 60 seconds later . darren mcgregor should have cleared mark gilhaney 's cross but got caught underneath the ball and could only head it straight to the ex-hoops defender . the 30-year-old averages just a goal a season but showed no hesitancy as he flashed a left-footed strike past cammy bell to give the sons a shock lead . lee mcculloch thought he had the visitors level , only for home keeper danny rogers to produce a stunning reaction stop to keep out the skipper 's volley . but hardie did find the net after 10 minutes as he capped his full debut with a dream goal . sons defender andy graham could not live with the teenager 's pace as he latched on to vuckic 's through ball and raced in on goal . rogers got a hand to the youngster 's low shot but hardie stayed alert and followed in to force the ball over the line before stuart findlay could block . rogers did better with mcgregor 's powerful strike , but rangers suffered another scare when dylan easton danced past mcculloch before lashing just wide of bell 's goal . tom walsh and nicky law fired over as mccall 's team looked for the lead , but there was no breakthrough by the interval . but they only had to wait three minutes into the second period for hardie to strike again . rangers playmarker haris vuckic ( right ) has become a fan-favourite during his loan spell from newcastle . mcgregor took a high ball and hooked it wide to wallace , whose cross flew towards the youngster at an awkward height . but , with his back to goal , he sent the ball over his own shoulder with a flick of his toe and watched it bounce past rogers ' dive into the bottom corner . now in front , rangers went for dumbarton 's throat and got their reward as vuckic collected law 's short pass before whipping an unstoppable 25-yard shot into the top-left corner . the sons , though , came up with a couple of reminders that they should not be discounted yet as scott taggert fired just over before on-loan celtic defender findlay leapt unmarked to head straight at bell . hardie , though , was looking to make his impressive start even more special and nearly grabbed himself a hat-trick as his attempted lob sailed just over rogers ' crossbar . but he was denied his treble when mccall afforded the frontman a standing ovation as he was replaced by calum gallacher with five minutes left . rangers were not satisfied yet , though , and nearly had a fourth when law shook the bar from the edge of the box , while clark was not far away with an ambitious 40-yard volley . rangers ' nicky clark ( right ) tussles for the ball with dumbarton 's stuart findlay ( left ) on saturday .