the son of the canadian consul general in miami is behind bars after a gunfight erupted on monday , and her other son is dead . marc wabafiyebazu , 15 , has been arrested for felony murder and his brother jean , 17 , was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of miami drug dealers . their mother is roxanne dubé , who was only recently appointed to the role of consul general in miami . scroll down for video . jean wabafiyebazu ( left ) was killed and his brother marc ( right ) has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal on monday . their mother is roxanne dubé ( above ) , the recently appointed canadian consul general in miami . according to the miami herald , police believe the two young men were armed with guns as they tried to rob a group of men during a drug deal at a home in the coral way area . the boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $ 5,000 , and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother 's bmw with diplomatic plates . police claim that their plan was to then rob the drug dealers . gunfire broke out soon after they entered , and jean and joshua wright were killed , while anthony rodriguez was wounded . marc was in the car when this incident occurred . both marc and rodriguez were arrested under a florida law that says anyone who participates in a violent felony that results in death can be charged with murder . rodriguez has also been charged with possession of marijuana with intent to sell . a second man was reportedly with jean when he went to rob the drug dealers , though his identity is not known at this time . anthony rodriguez ( above ) was arrested on charges of felony murder and drug possession . the boys had driven to a house ( above ) with a third friend to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $ 5,000 . gunfire erupted soon after they entered , though marc was in the car at the time . dubé was appointed to her new position in november , but only arrived in miami in february . the boys’ father , germano wabafiyebazu , told global news that he does not think marc had anything to do with this tragedy , and that he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time . he also said the boys kept to themselves , and did not have much of a social life . ' my wife told me they didn’t go out , ' he said . ' they went to school , went home , went to school . ' police are still trying to figure out how and where the young men got their weapons .