sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders are more likely to be convicted of sex crimes than others , a recent study claimed . the implication is that the potential for committing a sex offence may be written in our genes - but while this is an interesting finding , it is unlikely to help prevent sex crimes or catch offenders . this is because the genes that make up the people who we are , and the environments in which we are raised can not be considered independently of each other . the brothers of men convicted of sex offences are five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes , a study found . johnny savile ( left ) is accused of abusing seven women , while jimmy savile ( right ) raped and sexually assaulted patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse . the research analysed dna from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in sweden between 1973 and 2009 . it found that sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders were four to five times more likely to be convicted of sex crimes than men in the general population . in seeking to explain this connection , the researchers found that in only 2 per cent of cases could this familial connection be explained by shared environmental factors . this can include social or environmental aspects of their upbringing that siblings would have experienced together . on the other hand , their shared genetics were a factor in 40 per cent of cases , with the remaining 58 per cent of cases stemming from environmental factors not shared between family members . genetic factors were also found to be stronger for child molestation ( 46 per cent ) than for adult rape ( 19 per cent ) . while the study makes an estimate of the heritability of sexual offending , it can not of course pinpoint the genes that might be involved . dr mairi levitt says that genetic material from both parents is passed on , but genetic traits are developed through interaction between genes and the environment . putting a figure on the genetic basis for behaviour seems to suggest that these factors are inherited directly by the children from their parents . of course genetic material from both parents is passed on , but genetic traits are developed through interaction between genes and the environment . as can be seen from the percentages above , the largest proportion of cases involved a large , rag bag of environmental factors that are by far the greatest influence on behaviour . you may not have been born a criminal , but a combination of genes and environment could control your fate when it comes to anti-social behaviour . this is according to a recent study which found that experiences , such as divorce and sexual abuse , could affect gene expressions that control a person 's predisposition to delinquency . the study used a survey of 1,337 students aged 17 or 18 in västmanland , sweden , who anonymously completed questionnaires reporting on their behaviour . as well as their behaviour , they spoke about past family conflict , experiences of sexual abuse , and the quality of their relationship with their parents . they also provided a sample of saliva from which the researchers extracted dna . one of the genes examined was monoamine oxidase a ( maoa ) . this gene is a key enzyme which breaks down and releases energy in brain neurotransmitters , such as serotonin . the transmitter be a contributor to feelings of well-being and happiness . ' about 25 per cent of caucasian men carry the less active variant of maoa , ' explained professor sheilagh hodgins , a researcher at the university of montreal . ' among them , those who experience physical abuse in childhood are more likely than those who are not abused to display serious anti-social behaviour from childhood through adulthood . ' separating nature and nurture may be useful as a model but does not really make sense because research has demonstrated that gene development is affected by the environment . any report of genes influencing behaviour tends to polarise opinion . some may welcome the science and see this as confirmation that sex offenders are biologically different from other people and could perhaps be prevented from offending . others will be concerned about the stigmatisation of family members defined as ' at risk ' , but still unlikely to offend themselves . only about 2.5 per cent of brothers or sons of convicted sex offenders were also convicted so the preventative programmes aimed at at-risk families would mainly target the innocent . so what then might this mean in practical terms ? the discovery could perhaps one day lead to the identification of specific genotypes but could or should this affect the way we deal with sex offenders ? a genotype has already been identified that increases the risk of violent behaviour in specific environments . dubbed the ' criminal ' or ' warrior ' gene , it has in some cases even been used successfully by defence teams in mitigation pleas to avoid the death penalty in the us , or reduce the length of sentences in the us and italy . it might be thought odd that a convicted murderer , who is at increased risk of offending and therefore presumably more dangerous to the public in the future , would be treated more leniently . sex offenders , particularly where children are involved , are probably even more stigmatised than other violent criminals so perhaps a genetic defence would not work in their favour . what is clear is that finding genetic influences on behaviour does not affect legal responsibility . it is recognised that there are many genetic , biological and environmental factors that influence behaviour , and it may be harder for all sorts of reasons for some people to refrain from criminal acts than others . any research that helps us to understand problem behaviours is to be welcomed , but the headline figure – a genetic link in 40 per cent of cases – does not tell us that sex offenders ' ca n't help it ' or are different from ' normal ' people . dr maria levitt is a senior lecturer at lancaster university . this article originally appeared in the conversation .