three generations of one family were saved from their car last week by a police officer seconds before the vehicle was pulled out to sea in washington state . peter reece , his fiancee , baby daughter and mother from kent were parked on an ocean shores beach on thursday around 7pm in their new nissan infiniti when their tires got stuck in the sand . reece told police that he and his family had been driving on the beach when they stopped on the edge of the surf to look at the water . peter reece , his fiancee , mother and six-month-old daughter were parked on an ocean shores , washington , beach on thursday when the tide came in and trapped the family . the wheels of the car sunk into the wet sand , so they were unable to move . reece and his fiancee got out of the car , but his mother and daughter were trapped inside . in ocean shores there are roads that lead on to beach approaches , where drivers can go from road to beach . reece and his family parked near the west chance ala mer beach approach . reece said that the tide was 30 feet from where they were parked , but within a few minutes it had already reached so far up that it was hitting their car . the tires sunk into the wet sand and the family was unable to drive away , according to kxro . ' there were waves coming back to back and crashing against the car like really loud and really hard , ' reece told komo news . reece and his fiancee were able to get out of the car , but the grandmother and child were stuck in the car because the wet sand surrounding them was keeping the doors shut . seconds after ocean shores police officer kyle watson saved the grandmother and baby , a wave hit the car , flipping it and pulling it out to sea . the car was recovered shortly after the incident and a bulldozer was used to flip it on its right side before it was towed to the road . ' i was just trying to get us out as quickly as possible because i know when the tide gets higher it takes everything with it , ' reece said . ocean shores police arrived on scene , finding reece in the car with his mother and six-month-old baby , according to kbkw . officer kyle watson had to force the door to the car open because the car had sunken so far into the wet sand . he helped the woman and baby out of the car and led them up the beach . reece was able to get out on his own . they were only about 20 feet up the beach when another wave hit and lifted the car up into the water , flipping it on to its roof . ' and another wave hit and the car was on its top . so if we stayed in 30 second longer we would have been upside down , ' reece said . after being lifted up by the sea , the car eventually beached and had to be flipped by a bulldozer , before it was taken back to the road by a tow truck . tow truck driver christopher macasieb , who helped get the car out of the sand , said that the car kept rolling on to its side because of the waves . in ocean shores there are roads that lead on to beach approaches , where drivers can go from road to beach , which is how the reece family made their way to the surf . police officer paul henderson said that because of the approaches , beached cars are not an uncommon problem in the city . ' it 's unfortunate because it is a brand new car . but cars can be replaced . lives cant , ' he said . the reece family , too , said they were grateful that all that was lost was the car . ocean shores officer paul henderson told daily mail online that because there are beach approaches for people to drive on to , having cars get stuck in the sand is a somewhat common issue . ' you 're allowed to park and drive on the beach within certain areas . usually people are more aware of the tides , ' henderson said , adding that the reece family was close to the surf . he said that some cars have gone out so far into the water that they have to be recovered at a later time . but the reeces ' car was recovered ' a short time later ' . the car flipped on the ocean shores beach just before 7pm on thursday . henderson said that cars are allowed to drive and park on the sand in some areas of the beach . police arrived on scene within minutes of getting a call about the trapped reece family . the entire family was able to get out of the car before waves took the vehicle away .