a labour parliamentary candidate says she felt no shame in accepting a £1,000 donation from tony blair , despite campaigning heavily against the iraq war . rupa huq , who is standing for ed miliband’s party in a key marginal seat in west london , said fellow candidates who had turned down the cash were ‘ sticking their noses up’ at mr blair . ms huq - the sister of former blue peter presenter konnie huq - even accused mailonline of ‘ picking on her’ when she was quizzed about the donation at a hustings debate last night . labour parliamentary candidate rupa huq ( left ) says she felt no shame in accepting a £1,000 donation from tony blair , despite campaigning heavily against the iraq war . mr blair made £1,000 donations to 106 local campaigns in target seats across the country in march , only for some labour candidates to reject the money , with one saying she could not accept the money because of her moral objections to the iraq war . university lecturer ms huq , who is running to be mp for ealing central and acton , actively campaigned against the war , boasting about the fact on a page of pledges on her website - but has not returned the money to mr blair . when asked whether she felt any shame for accepting the money from the prime minister that led britain into war , she said she was ‘ not in a position’ to be able to return the cash . she said : ‘ he gave the donation to all the key seats . what we want to do is defeat the conservative government , the conservative government that has closed a & es . ‘ he wrote a cheque for £1,000 to the labour party , to 106 key seats in the whole country , and i think three people stuck their noses up . ‘ but elections cost money , if he gives money to good causes then why not ? ‘ tony blair won three elections , maybe you’re too young to remember . you know what , elections cost money . and he’s the most successful labour prime minister that we have ever had in our country . ’ rupa huq ( pictured , right , campaigning with eddie izzard , left ) said fellow candidates who had turned down the cash were ‘ sticking their noses up’ at mr blair . former minister sally keeble ( left ) and the labour candidate in dundee lesley brennan ( right ) have rejected mr blair 's donation . as members of the public at the hustings at west acton primary school started to heckle ms huq , she could be heard saying : ‘ that was a question designed to pick on me . ’ in march , three labour parliamentary candidates turned down their £1,000 donations from mr blair . sophy gardner , who is standing for the party in gloucester and served in the iraq campaign as a wing commander , declined the money . she said : ’i have taken a personal decision that given my criticism of the iraq war , in which i served , it would be hypocritical of me to accept it . ‘ therefore , i can confirm i would decline this money . ’ she joined lesley brennan , standing in dundee east , and sally keeble , in northampton north , who both turned the money down . speaking at the debate last night , ms huq’s lib dem opponent jon ball said her decision was ‘ completely hypocritical’ . labour candidate sophy gardner , who served in iraq with the raf , declined the donation as she thought accepting it would be ' hypocritical ' . ms huq is the sister of former blue peter presenter konnie huq ( pictured ) , who is married to columnist charlie brooker . he said : ‘ rupa has said that ed miliband and tony blair are completely different . but at the same time she’s accepting money from tony blair . ‘it’s completely hypocritical . some labour candidates have refused the money . she isn’t one of the the three [ who have rejected the donation ] . ’ the incumbent candidate in ealing central and acton is conservative angie bray , who was not at the debate , however polls suggest the seat could swing in the favour of labour . ms huq is the sister of former blue peter presenter konnie huq , who is married to television presenter and columnist charlie brooker . in march , former downing street spin doctor alastair campbell publicly attacked labour candidates turning down donations from mr blair , calling them 'attention-seeking ' . writing on twitter he said : ' to attention seeking candidates rejected tb money 1 . he won more labour seats than anyone 2 . tories are loaded 3 . do you want to win ? '