hanging on one 93-year-old man 's wall at a kentucky nursing home was a photo collage of him and his wife . it was titled ' lill & bill , together forever ' . that sentiment came true this week when , after 73 years of marriage , william ' wild bill ' wilson and his wife lillian karr wilson died just two minutes apart from each other . both lillian , 89 , and bill were alzheimer 's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes . lillian resided at richmond place in lexington , while bill stayed at the thomson-hood veterans center in wilmore . after 73 years of marriage , high school sweethearts doug wilson , 93 , and lillian kerr wilson , 89 , passed away just two minutes apart from each other this week . but on tuesday their connection proved strong as ever when one of their sons , doug , received a phone call at 3.52am to inform him that his father had passed away . just five minutes later the phone rang again . doug said it was his mother 's nursing home , calling with the same sad news . ' we all look at it as a blessing , ' doug told the lexington-herald leader , ' because we 're going to have one funeral for both of them . ' doug , 66 , believes it will also make it easier for the family to grieve . 'we’re looking at it as a celebration of life because they had a great life , ' he told the washington post . the couple first met in corbin , where they were both athletes and high school sweethearts . doug told the lexington-herald leader that his parents ran off to get married and that he does n't believe ' either one of them had the blessings of their parents . ' but that did n't stop the couple , who survived a war and a number of relocations through their long marriage . bill enlisted in the army when world war ii began . after returning from germany , he worked and managed various department and retail stores . doug told the washington post that his mother , who he said ' had great taste ' , could be found working alongside her husband as she designed the showroom windows . the family , which also included doug 's brothers mike and terry , hopped around the state and country . there were setbacks along the way . the couple unsuccessfully tried to open a shopping center in atlanta and then one of bill 's department stores burned down and could n't reopen after they moved back to kentucky . the couple first met in corbin , kentucky and , according to their son doug , ran off and got married without either of their parents ' blessing . they spent their lives supporting and working alongside each other . but doug said his parents had a ' driving force ' to make sure their three sons received the college education they never got to have . ' they stressed college so much , ' doug said . ' and they were so proud that they had three sons who had college degrees . ' and there were successes . after managing a number of stores , bill decided to open his own realty firm . it grew from an $ 800 investment into a $ 1million-dollar company . he would also flip foreclosures , remodeling the houses before putting them back on the market . meanwhile lillian would repaint , wallpaper and do the trim work on the homes while doug did the carpentry work . ' we had a great time rehabbing houses together , ' he said . bill was also known for his long-running morning radio show , where he was known as ' wild bill ' and would organize a number of promotions and contests , including a twist-dancing competition that was so popular the police had to be brought in . the nickname stuck with bill long after his radio show ended . he was even called ' wild bill ' at his nursing home , where he would sometimes reenact his show in the cafeteria . doug said he regularly drove his mother to see her husband at the veterans center . he said that , although the couple ' did n't have communication ' , he believes they were ' reading each other ' just by having the chance to see each other . when doug last saw his father the sunday before his passing , he said bill was wearing an oxygen mask and was ' barely hanging on ' . to comfort him , doug recited the opening that bill used to say for every one of his radio shows . ' i just told him , `` this is wild bill wilson , your red-headed , freckle-faced , snaggle-toothed , snuff-dipping buddy '' ' . ' and underneath the mask there , he grinned real big . he heard it . i was glad of that . ' friends and family will gather on saturday evening for a ' celebration of life ' service in honor of the devoted couple .