a science lecturer determined to teach people about different brain regions has shaved her head during an educational video . the clip shows nancy kanwisher , a professor at the massachusetts institute of technology , chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors just a few seconds into a lecture . a graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off , with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector . the short video was posted on the scientist 's brain talks website , which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain . ms kanwisher , 56 , said : ' i thought it would be a fun way to draw attention to my site where i have posted lots of short videos talking about the cool things we have learned about the human mind and brain . ' there is a lot of silly stuff about the human mind on the web that misses out on the real science - and that is a shame because the real science is just as exciting . ' in just the last couple of decades we have discovered some truly fundamental and exciting things about the human mind and brain . ' during the footage ms kanwisher is heard explaining : ' it is hard to tell [ what the different regions are ] with all this hair in the way so let 's take care of that . ' after the haircut the student used permanent markers to draw the different brain regions on ms kanwisher 's bare scalp . nancy kanwisher ( left ; right ) , a professor at the massachusetts institute of technology , shaved her head during a lesson about different brain regions . after the haircut a student used a permanent marker to draw the different brain regions on ms kanwisher 's bare scalp ( above ) . the professor introduced the ' cool part of the brain ' - the cortex - before highlighting the area that specifically responds to faces . she also points out the regions that react to bodies , places and languages , as well as one that is only used when a person is thinking about what someone else is thinking . it is not the first time the professor has played an active role in one of her educational videos . in another she allowed her brain to be zapped with transcranial magnetic stimulation - a noninvasive method used to stimulate small regions of the brain . ms kanwisher added : ' i hope to keep expanding the site to cover other new topics - when i think up wacky ways to dramatize science i will do them . stay tuned ! '