disgruntled : marc macrae , who was election agent for the snp’s westminster leader angus robertson , said the party showed compassion for the lockerbie bomber but ostracised him . a former snp aide claimed the party treated him ‘ worse than a terrorist’ after his cancer diagnosis and has urged scots to vote tory . marc macrae , who was election agent for the snp’s westminster leader angus robertson , said the party showed compassion for the lockerbie bomber but ostracised him . mr robertson , who is co-ordinating the nationalists’ general election campaign , has not even contacted him to ask how the treatment has gone , he claimed . like abdelbaset ali mohmed al megrahi – who killed 270 people in december 1988 by blowing up pan am flight 103 – mr macrae was diagnosed with prostate cancer . but while the libyan terrorist was flown home to spend his final years with his family , mr macrae said he was cruelly ditched . he is now backing tory candidate douglas ross , a local councillor , to oust mr robertson in moray . ‘ my vote is for douglas , ’ mr macrae said . ‘ we need independently-minded people at westminster who can make up their own minds . ’ he has undergone two operations and has not worked since being parliamentary assistant to environment minister richard lochhead in february 2013 . before that , he did the same job for mr robertson , also in the party’s office in elgin , moray , and considered both men to be among his closest friends . but after his diagnosis in 2013 he claims colleagues in the party accused of him of a lack of commitment to the cause , when in fact he was simply trying to battle cancer . ‘ i became very disillusioned with the party because of the way they treated their own members . i had been a very supportive nationalist since i was young , ’ he said . ‘ but i was diagnosed with cancer in 2013 and was then treated like a leper by fellow members . ‘ i was ostracised – from being very popular to no one speaking to me . people were saying there was nothing wrong with me , that i just wasn’t interested in the cause . ’ he started working for mr robertson in 2008 , before moving to mr lochhead’s office in 2011 . in january 2013 , mr macrae went to the doctor after experiencing prostate problems and was given tamsulosin , which is prescribed for an enlarged prostate , while tests were carried out . he suffered from fatigue and struggled at work before being signed off in may that year on his doctor’s advice . when the cancer was finally diagnosed in october his gp wrote to mr lochhead , but mr macrae says the minister never got in touch to offer support . message : mr macrae , pictured with alex salmond , claimed the snp treated him ‘ worse than a terrorist’ after his cancer diagnosis and has urged scots to vote tory . fortunately , mr macrae did not require chemotherapy and underwent two operations in september and october last year , in which the prostate and surrounding lymph nodes were removed . he has since been given the all-clear . he added : ‘i’ve never heard from angus . he never contacted me to see how i was doing , how the treatment was going , not one single word . if i see other snp members , they physically ignore me . it feels very much like they’ve been ordered not to speak to me . ‘ a convicted terrorist who had the same cancer as me was shown compassion by the snp , but i was given the cold shoulder . ’ critics say mr macrae’s case is yet another example of the callous way the snp can treat even its own supporters . margo macdonald , who died last year after a long battle with parkinson’s disease , was thrown out of the party after challenging the leadership , before becoming a popular independent msp . her husband jim sillars was once a close ally of former first minister alex salmond but found himself exiled for years before a reconciliation during last year’s referendum campaign . for mr macrae , the future is now looking brighter . not only is his cancer in remission but the 48-year-old divorced father-of-one is getting married in the summer , as is 32-year-old mr ross . change of heart : the former snp member is now backing tory candidate douglas ross , a local councillor , to oust his former boss angus robertson in moray . comparison : like abdelbaset ali mohmed al megrahi – the lockerbie bomber , left and right - mr macrae was diagnosed with prostate cancer - but mr macrae said the terrorist treated better than him by the party . the tory hopeful has the support of the lib dems and ukip as part of a cross-party tactical voting bid to oust mr robertson . despite the snp flying high in the polls , mr ross , who was the tory election candidate in moray in 2010 , believes he can pull off an upset . he said : ‘ people are looking for a change in representation . being the best placed of the unionists , i can take support from various parties . ’ he added : ‘ the way marc has been treated while dealing with a very difficult illness is shameful . ’ linda gorn , who fought moray four times for the lib dems , is urging supporters to back mr ross . ‘i’m supporting douglas in this election because of the way he stands up for his constituents on moray council and across moray as a whole , ’ she said . donald gatt , who stood in moray for ukip in 2010 , added : ‘ moray is a two-horse race between douglas ross and angus robertson . ’ last night , mr robertson said : ‘ mr macrae fell out with the snp some time ago and even stood as a candidate against the snp in a local by-election . at a time of rising support for the snp in moray and across scotland it is unsurprising that he is now backing the tories . ’