not many players have experienced champions league success on the same scale as former real madrid defender roberto carlos . the brilliant brazilian won the competition three times in five seasons with los blancos , lifting the famous trophy in 1998 , 2000 and 2002 . here , carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and against and explains why they 've made his champions league dream team . roberto carlos , pictured lifting the champions league trophy in 2002 ( right ) , has picked his dream team . goalkeeper . iker casillas . one of the great goalkeepers in history , the titles he has won with madrid is incredible . to play in goal at 19 years age in a champions league final is unheard of . real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas lifts the champions league trophy after victory against atletico madrid . defenders . cafu . played with him for many years for brazil , and i think he is the best right back of my lifetime and of any lifetime . one of the top five brazilian players ever . cafu , pictured celebrating a goal for ac milan in 2004 , played with roberto carlos for brazil . paolo maldini . played against him for madrid and brazil , and he always showed so much composure as a defender . the sort of composure you want to be playing alongside . former ac milan captain paolo maldini won the champions league on five occasions during his career . fabio cannavaro . how often do defenders win world player of the year ? the fact fabio did , tells you everything you need to know . fabio cannavaro , pictured kissing the ballon d'or trophy in november 2006 , lines up in carlos ' defence . roberto carlos . i had to pick myself ; the attacking players need some competition when it comes to taking free kicks . carlos , pictured holding the champions league trophy in 2000 , has picked himself at left back . midfield . clarence seedorf . you don’t win the champions league with three different clubs without being a special player , but what many people do not know he is such a leader . he was always ready to teach and to advise . special player and a special man . clarence seedorf , pictured with the champions league trophy in 2007 , has triumphed with three clubs . claude makelele . playing with makelele made players feel safe , if you made a mistake he would be there to clear it up . we really missed him when he left for chelsea . carlos admits that real madrid missed claude makelele 's influence when he left the club to sign for chelsea . zinedine zidane . one of the all-time greats , what zizou could do with a football will be remembered forever . an honour to say i have played with him . zinedine zidane scores a memorable goal against bayer leverkusen in the 2002 champions league final . attack . ronaldinho . magic feet , but was not just about tricks – he created and scored the goals to match his ability . ronaldinho kisses the champions league trophy after helping barcelona beat arsenal in 2006 . luis figo . he was so good ; he used to give me such a hard time when we played barcelona . when he signed for madrid i thought excellent , until i then realised i would get a hard time every day in training . carlos celebrates a goal with real madrid team-mate luis figo during a champions league group stage game . ronaldo . born to score goals , any type of goal , he could score them all . a great friend and the most complete striker i have ever seen . former real madrid striker ronaldo leads the line in carlos ' champions league dream team ( right ) . 