the premier league returns this weekend after the fourth interruption this season for international fixtures , leaving managers hoping their players have returned with a clean bill of health . the break can be both a blessing and a curse , potentially halting your momentum if results and confidence are positive , or halting your slide if all is not well . premier league sides have already had to resume their season after international breaks in september , october and november 2014 . premier league leaders chelsea have won all three of their matches following the international break . everton lead the post-international premier league table with three wins from three after the break . however six premier league clubs are still chasing their first win after an international break this season , so who has been the best at managing this transition ? sportsmail examines this through a modified premier league table that takes in only results immediately after international resumptions . our alternative table makes nice reading for toffees fans , with their side winning all three matches and keeping clean sheets against aston villa and west brom . champions-elect chelsea are the only side to match this perfect record , though both of these teams have not faced a current top seven team across their post-international fixtures . southampton and both manchester clubs are the only other unbeaten sides though united did slip up in drawing 2-2 at home to west brom . manchester city have been relatively impressive , drawing 2-2 at the emirates and most notably dispatching champions league chasing tottenham 4-1 , who have an indifferent record . moving further down and liverpool have a significantly worse record following the international break than in overall form , suffering surprise defeats when visiting crystal palace and hosting aston villa . moreover their only win came through an unconvincing 3-2 victory at queens park rangers , secured only through a sensational second-half display by raheem sterling . manchester united will be hoping to follow up their win against liverpool by beating aston villa . arsenal are awaiting their first premier league win directly following an international break . brendan rodgers ( right ) will be hoping his side can pile more post-international misery on arsenal . saturday . arsenal vs liverpool . everton vs southampton . leicester vs west ham . manchester united vs aston villa . swansea vs hull . west brom vs qpr . chelsea vs stoke . sunday . burnley vs tottenham . sunderland vs newcastle . monday . crystal palace vs manchester city . both the reds and arsenal will want to change the vast discrepancies between their current league table positions and their positions in our alternative view , currently sitting in eighth and 13th respectively . the two champions league sides meet on saturday lunchtime as arsenal chase a first win following an international break this season . the gunners have been fortunate in having three home fixtures but have totally failed to capitalise on this , drawing 2-2 with hull city and manchester city , whilst losing 2-1 at the hands of manchester united . southampton have handed out two thrashings to sides in the north-east by picking up 8-0 and 4-0 wins over sunderland and newcastle respectively . however in this table the toon still make the top six through narrow 1-0 wins over both qpr and leicester . the foxes have a notably improved position whilst keeping clean sheets against sunderland and stoke in their three post-international games , despite these being relatively rare across the season . relegations strugglers qpr have lost all three of their post-international fixtures so far this season . this puts nigel pearson’s side comfortably nestled in mid-table , joined their relegation strugglers burnley . possibly benefitting from having fewer players occupied on international duty , both join a cluster of teams on four points . stoke will also be concerned by their poor record , which includes 2-1 and 1-0 defeats when hosting relegation-threatened sides burnley and leicester city . such results across an entire campaign may have seen them struggling to maintain mid-table stability under mark hughes . hull city , sunderland and west brom are all winless , though the black cats did claim a respectable 2-2 draw at home to tottenham . swansea city and qpr are both pointless , though the swans have had three games including difficult trips to chelsea and manchester city . meanwhile the r’s have hosted liverpool whilst suffering away defeats with scoring at both newcastle and manchester united – chris ramsey’s team will hope to change that trend when travelling to west brom on saturday .  