gary caldwell admitted his first taste of management was ' crazy ' following wigan 's battling 2-2 draw against fulham . the latics may be heading for relegation but they proved they are ready to go down fighting after twice coming from behind to snatch a point at craven cottage . caldwell , at 32 the youngest boss in the league , only replaced the axed malky mackay on wednesday and must have feared the worst when his side conceded after just three minutes to ross mccormack 's strike . gary caldwell admitted his first taste of management was ' crazy ' following wigan 's battling 2-2 draw . wigan 's jason pearce ( right ) is congratulated by pennant ( left ) as he scores the second equaliser for his side . a stylish jermaine pennant free-kick hauled wigan level , only for a stunning long-range effort from matt smith put fulham back in front . but jason pearce 's 69th-minute effort , when he tucked in a corner at the far post , earned the latics a point . ' i have just said to the players that i feel very proud of them considering we only had two days to work , ' said former latics skipper caldwell . ' it 's crazy , absolutely crazy . an all-consuming job . but i loved every minute of it and ca n't wait for the next one . i 've had a lot of managers texting me saying ' welcome to the madhouse ' and i can see what they mean . ' a point lifted wigan above millwall , who they face on tuesday , on goal difference but both teams are seven points adrift of safety . matt smith scores fulham 's second goal to restore their lead against wigan at carven cottage on friday . smith slides to his knees as he celebrates putting the home side back in front in the championship match . caldwell has not been put in charge to perform a miracle , but he still insists there is plenty to play for . ' we 'll try to win every game , ' he added . ' there 's 12 points to play for and we 'll try to win every one and see what happens . ' it 's going to be a long process to get the club to where we want it to be . but tonight was the way we want to play , that 's how this club got success . ' fulham should now be safe , having edged nine points clear of the drop zone , but they were booed off by sections of the home support . boss kit symons ' honeymoon period seems to be over , as his decision to take off goalscorer smith after an hour was met with a chorus of ' you do n't know what you 're doing ' . fulham captain scott parker ( right ) is hassled for the ball by wigan 's gaetan bong ( left ) at craven cottage . the ever industrious parker ( left ) dribbles away from the challenge of wigan's kim bo-kyung ( right ) . ' matt was shattered , ' he explained . ' he 's had a lot of football recently and we needed some fresh legs . ' symons has the air of a manager who can not wait for the season to come to an end . ' it 's glass half full , glass half empty , ' he added . ' we 're a point closer to safety and come the end of the season it might be the point that keeps us in the division . ' it 's been a tough season , to put it mildly , and realistically it was probably always going to be like that . when we stay up i certainly wo n't be doing cartwheels , but i 'll breathe a sigh of relief . '