police in san francisco have discovered the mummified body of an elderly woman in a house said to be owned by a hoarder . the property in the richmond area is said to have been crawling with rats , black widow spiders , dog feces and 300 bottles of urine . the remains which were removed from the house on saturday are believed to be that of anna ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter carolyn . police removed the body , believed to be that of anna ragin , from the property in the richmond area of san francisco . authorities said the home was covered in debris , including dog feces and bottles of urine . neighbors told the san francisco chronicle the mother had not been seen for years . according to records another man , archibald ragin , lived at the property but died 15 years ago at the age of 101 . carolyn , said to be a retired pacific bell worker , was taken to hospital after her mother 's body was removed from the house . supervisor eric mar , a representative in charge of the area , told the chronicle : ' the police captains i 've spoken with tell me this is the worst case of hoarding they have ever seen . ' he was concerned for the health and safety of the residents , but questioned how the situation in the property could have gotten to such a point . mr mar said : ' we certainly want seniors to stay in their communities as long as possible , but when people aren’t getting adequate health care and attention , this is what happens . ' this appears to be a nightmare of what can happen when people age in place for too long , ' he added . ' we need to identify what the triggers are for the city to step in . ' he told the daily mail online that he heard the body was wrapped up in a carpet and described that , from the outside , it looked like the home was abandoned . residents said the woman had not been seen in years while police described it as the worst case of hoarding they had ever seen . when city workers arrived to clean up the body on wednesday , they reportedly struggled to get in the door because the house was filled with so much debris . the mess was said to have included mold and piles of trash that reached the ceiling . they were forced to call in professional workers . the chronicle quote a firefighter saying the body was lightweight and wrapped in a blanket . it is not clear where it was discovered .