when leanne bourne , a mother-of-four from romford in essex , began to suspect that her partner steve was having an affair , she was heartbroken . but in a twist that she could never have foreseen , the other woman turned out to be her younger sister larissa knipe . now , three years after the affair that tore her family apart , ms bourne says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happens - and still has bad days when she ca n't stop crying . scroll down for video . family feud : larissa knipe ( left ) is pictured with her son logun and sister leanne bourne ( right ) . ' i was very protective of larissa because she was my baby sister , ' she says of her happy upbringing . ' she was n't just my sister . she was like a best friend and i 'd do anything for her . ' but all that changed when larissa , who is seven years younger than ms bourne , moved into her home when she was 17 . although larissa says there was nothing between her and steve to begin with , a night out when she was 20 resulted in a liaison with her sister 's partner - and the start of an affair . ' i was 20 when it first started with steve , ' she confesses . ' i went out one night , had a few too many drinks , came back , saw him and we started kissing . it started like that . ' the next morning , i woke up and thought , `` what have you done ? '' i do n't know why i carried it on to be honest but i did . after the first few months , i did start getting feelings and began falling for him . ' upset : leanne bourne appeared on itv 's this morning to tell her story . rapprochement : larissa is finally winning back her sister after more than three years in the cold . caught in the middle : sarah guyton was caught in the centre of the increasingly acrimonious dispute . noticing that the pair were spending increasing amounts of time together , ms bourne became suspicious but , believing that her sister would do nothing to hurt her , stayed quiet . ' i mentioned it to a couple of friends , to a couple of work colleagues , ' she remembers . ' one or two of my friends actually said , `` what you 're thinking , it 's probably feasible '' . ' everybody else , including my mum , said , `` what are you thinking ? that 's your sister . she loves you . she would never do that to you '' . ' then , a few months later , larissa revealed she was pregnant and claimed not to know who the father was . ' larissa had never really had a boyfriend . if she had , i 'd never met any . then one day i came home from work and she said she was pregnant , ' ms bourne recalls . but she was left even more suspicious by her sister and mr allsop 's reaction . ' larissa and steve were both over the moon about it , really happy , ' she says . ' i was quite concerned . i really felt like i was going crazy , like i was losing it . i was having a battle in my own mind . ' putting her fears to one side , she supported her sister and was there when larissa gave birth to her son logun in august 2011 . speaking on itv 's this morning , ms bourne says she was convinced that her sister was the other woman the moment she saw the newborn . shock : leanne also spoke of the moment that she realised her sister 's baby had been fathered by her partner . ' i had suspicions anyway but as soon as i saw the baby , i knew because not only did it look like steve , it look like my children when they were babies . it was just too much for coincidence . ' i had to run out of the room . i saw a friend straight after and i said , `` that baby is steve 's '' . larissa , who moved out into a council flat of her own shortly afterwards , continued to deny all talk of an affair . but then , consumed with guilt , she finally confessed the truth to their mother sarah guyton in a text message that read : ' well what 's she going to do when she finds out logun is steve 's ? i ca n't hide it any more . ' ' i answered the phone and my mum 's in a panic , ' remembers ms bourne . ' she was actually crying , so i said , `` calm down mum , what 's happened ? '' ' and she said , `` i 'm sorry to tell you but what you 've been worrying about is true '' . ' ms bourne was , she says , left ' utterly devastated ' by the news and furious that despite repeated questioning , both larissa and steve had point-blank denied having an affair . then , a few days after the bombshell hit , steve moved out of ms bourne 's home and in with her sister . ' it was a nightmare , ' remembers ms bourne . ' i did send her some nasty text messages . i called her every name under the sun . i think most people in my position would have . ' larissa responded angrily and more than three years on , the sisters are still estranged and struggling to come to terms with what happened . ' it 's still heartbreaking really , ' adds ms bourne . ' to think we were really close and that 's all gone . it 's vanished . it 's non existent now . '