brendan rodgers has met with raheem sterling to remind the him of his responsibilities as a role model - but the liverpool starlet has escaped club punishment after being pictured holding a shisha pipe . sterling was critcised by rodgers after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe alongside young team-mate jordon ibe . however , the midfielder has once again not been fined after the liverpool boss spoke to him as well as ibe on thursday and the club insist the case is now closed . brendan rodgers has met with sterling to remind him of his professional responsibilities at liverpool . rodgers and sterling were locked in discussions at the melwood training ground on friday . liverpool players raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured holding a shisha pipe . this is the second time sterling has been pictured with a shisha pipe in the last week . jordon ibe has also been warned by rodgers after the youngster was pictured alongside sterling . sterling , 20 , and ibe , 19 , were pictured during what is believed to be a visit to a shisha cafe in london earlier this season . sterling met liverpool manager rodgers and he was reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking a drug that has been called ‘ hippy crack’ . it has been a controversial week for sterling , who has 14 caps for england , all coming in the wake of his interview with the bbc in which he revealed why he had rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at liverpool . several clubs , including arsenal , have withdrawn their interest in the midfielder in the light of recent images . sterling is all smiles during training as he completes a sprinting drill alongside philippe coutinho . it appears that sterling and ibe each have a shisha pipe and are also drinking fanta . sterling was pictured on social media smoking a shisha pipe in a story published over the weekend . sterling was also filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as ' hippy crack ' . rodgers questioned sterling’s professionalism on monday after footage emerged of the 20-year-old unconscious in his house in southport having taken nitrous oxide with two unnamed friends , but has yet to speak publicly about the pictures with ibe . they are believed to have been taken last september , and both are seen smiling and joking as they hold on to the pipes in the bar . liverpool offered no comment on those photos and the club maintained the matter would be dealt with internally . sterling is expected to line up in the fa cup semi-final against aston villa at wembley on sunday . sterling celebrates with ibe after he opened the scoring against newcastle in the premier league on monday .    