a 22-year-old university of kentucky student was shot and killed near campus in what police describe as an attempted robbery . jonathan krueger , the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the college of communication and information , was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. friday while walking home . police charged justin smith , 18 , with the murder friday afternoon , this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim . smith was also charged with robbery , tampering with evidence , and fleeing and evading . police are still looking for more suspects . jonathan w. krueger ( above ) , the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the college of communication and information , was shot friday . the lexington police dept . investigate the scene of the fatal shooting ( above ) friday morning . dazmond morgan told the lexington herald-leader he rushed to the krueger 's side after hearing four gunshots around 2am on friday . morgan said he was ' alone when he reached him and was jerking as he struggled to breathe . ' he also said that krueger had a a gunshot wound on his chest . another man who was with krueger told officers a minivan pulled up and confronted them . he claims the men grabbed his watch , and that he then threw his wallet and them and ran . he said as he was running he heard gunshots . he was not injured in the attack . ' the look on his face was just like , incredible . he was in so much shock . he was asking us if like , he could trust us , cause he was just scared of anything at that point in time.that was his friend who got shot at so it 's , terrifying , ' thomas o'mara , who helped the victims , told wkyt . chris poore , the student adviser for the university 's newspaper , the kentucky kernel , remembered the young man as funny and talented . ' he was an easy friend , ' poore said . ' he was comfortable with everybody and people felt comfortable with him . he looked you in the eye . ' university president eli capilouto sent a note to students and staff friday morning calling the killing ' incomprehensible . ' ' although this tragedy occurred off-campus , it is a stark reminder that all members of our campus community should at all times be vigilant about their safety and the safety of others . we are each other 's keeper , ' capilouto wrote . ' it is also in a moment like this that we are reminded of how fragile and previous life is . ' his friend adam pennavaria wrote on facebook ; ' terrible , terrible way to wake up this morning . i ca n't even begin to tell you all what a beaming light jonathan was to every single person in his life . nothing i could write here can adequately describe how we 're all feeling right now . rest in peace , brother . ' two men , one in a red hoodie , who were driving a red minivan are believed to be responsible for killing krueger ( above on left with camera ) . chris poore , the student adviser for the university 's newspaper , called kruger ( above ) an ' easy friend ' . krueger grew up in toledo , ohio , poore said . his family owned a greenhouse that grew poinsettias and other flowers . he was proud of his family 's work ; he showed off pictures of their flowers and farm . the newspaper staff is grieving for the loss their friend , he said . ' it 's a hard day for them , ' poore said . ' they 're working hard to figure out how to cover the news of it ; how to tell the best story about jonathan . '