the 12-year-old daughter of the mailman who landed his gyrocopter on the lawn of the u.s. capitol last week has said she was ' downright proud ' of her dad . ' he 's a patriot you know ? ' kathy hughes told abc news . ' he did it for the country . ' her father , 61-year-old doug hughes , landed the aircraft on the west lawn last wednesday to protest campaign finance laws but was swiftly taken into custody . he is now under house arrest at their ruskin , florida home as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone , a charge that could send him to prison for four years . on monday , hughes called his 80-mile journey to the capitol ' a huge thrill ' and shared footage of the flight from virginia , across washington d.c. and his safe landing on the west lawn . scroll down for video . proud : kathy hughes , 12 , said she is ' downright proud ' of her father , who was arrested after landing his gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol last week to protest corruption in congress . speaking out : doug hughes said the journey from virginia to the u.s. capitol was a ' huge thrill ' as he spoke to good morning america on monday morning . he is currently under house arrest in florida . journey : he also shared footage ( pictured ) of his 80-mile flight from virginia and across d.c . speaking to good morning america on monday morning , hughes said he never feared he would be shot down , despite coming within feet of the guarded building . ' i 'm a mailman , i was delivering the mail , ' he said wryly . ' i do n't think that the government is going to shoot a 61-year-old mailman in a flying bicycle who is not threatening anyone . ' he added that he had made ' every effort to notify the administration ' before his flight to let them know who he was and what he would be doing . instead of worrying about being shot down , he was focused solely on landing safely , he said . ' this is different than any other landing i 've made , and it had a very surreal nature to it , ' he said . ' i did n't have a hand free to pinch myself to see if it was happening , but that’s what was happening . ' despite landing unscathed , he said that he believes the security in the city is ' ironclad ' and that if anyone else tries to land on the west lawn , they might not be so lucky . he pulled off the stunt to bring the public 's attention to the ' the problem of corruption in congress ' and to spotlight his belief that campaign finance laws are too weak , he said . ' it 's up to the american people to decide whether or not they 're going to catch the ball that i threw , ' he said . ' if they pick this up , it 's in their power to fix the problem . then it 's worth it even if i lose my job or go to jail . ' he is also calling for changes to congress on his blog . by his side : both kathy and her mother alena ( right ) have called mr hughes a ' patriot ' for his flight . hughes is on leave from his job and is under house arrest in ruskin , florida . he will attend a hearing in washington d.c. in two weeks to determine whether his case will go to trial . if found guilty of the charges - violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft - he faces four years in prison and fines . speaking to gma , he added that he does not expect to be reunited with his gyrocopter , but if he does , he plans to melt it down into beer cans . hughes reportedly planned his trip for more than two years before flying through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone last wednesday . he was carrying 535 letters - one for each member of congress . homeland security secretary jeh johnson later admitted that the gyrocopter went undetected and under the radar as it flew 80 miles from gettysburg , pennsylvania to the building - in just the latest embarrassment for secret service security around the capitol and white house . after a series of interviews , the secret service decided not to prosecute mr hughes ' belarus-born wife alena , who claims she was not aware of his plan . approach : the small gyro-copter ( in red ) lands on the west lawn of the capitol in washington last week . under the radar : a member of a bomb squad checks the small helicopter after hughes landed on the west lawn of the capitol in washington last wednesday . he was carrying letters to every member of congress . the couple met online and went on a few dates in russia before she moved to the u.s. in 2002 and they married . kathy is their daughter together while mr hughes has adult children from a previous marriage . she reportedly told officers that her husband said he was going to virginia but did not elaborate on what he planned to do there . but following his stunt , mrs hughes defended her husband as a ' patriot ' . ' i am very proud of my husband . he is a countryman , ' alena hughes told the associated press . but for his part , when mr hughes was asked if he defined himself as a patriot , he responded : ' no , i 'm a mailman . ' see below for video . 