yaya toure 's attacking gifts are n't enough to make up for his defensive deficiencies anymore , said gary neville in a scathing attack on the ivorian following manchester city 's 4-2 derby loss to united . manuel pellegrini 's city were poor for all but the opening 15 minutes against louis van gaal 's side at old trafford and neville , speaking on sky sports , is certain big changes are afoot for the club . ' it 's a crossroads for them now , ' neville said as city drifted four points behind their third-placed cross-city rivals who are now one point off arsenal in second . yaya toure 's defensive lapses are costing manchester city , claims sky sports pundit gary neville . niall quinn and graeme souness joined the chorus of criticism of the under-fire ivorian . ' there is definitely going to be change at manchester city , whether it 's players , the manager , people above . certainly some players . ' there are some weeds in the garden and you 've got to get them out of the changing room pretty quick . you can not carry passengers . ' neville singled out toure as an example of the ' weeds ' at the etihad in a scathing attack . ' he does that much for the team in an attacking sense you live with maybe the consequences of that defensively , ' he said . ' but when the balance tips to a point when going forward is n't quite as effective as it once was , you 've got to do something different because the defensive side is poor . neville predicts changes at manchester city and says the club need to get rid of ' weeds in the garden ' . ' if i was a player in that dressing room looking at him in central midfield thinking you 're not chasing back , you 're not running around , you 're not sprinting for the ball . there might be a physical problem that he can not do it , let alone if he does n't want to do it . i think there 's definitely going to be some changes . ' graeme souness , also on sky sports , even suggested the 31-year-old 's work when his side does n't have the ball is a factor in their disappointing champions league results in recent years . neville accused toure of a ' complete dereliction of ( his ) duty ' when marking marouane fellaini and blamed his lack of tracking back for united 's third goal from juan mata . city players ' heads drop after conceding the fourth goal on sunday their their cross-city rivals . ' he can not play in a two in midfield against an opposition of any quality , ' said neville on sky sports . ' against maybe one of the lesser teams at home you can put him in there and play with two up top , but against any team of quality you 've got to shift him out of that position in the centre of midfield . ' there are too many examples , too much evidence when watching him where he can not do his job , simple as that . as a central midfield player in the big matches he just can not do it . ' souness said toure 's become ' a bit of a liability ' for city in the past two years , despite being instrumental to their premier league title win last season . marouane fellaini and ashley young celebrate after the winger 's cross found the tall belgian for 2-1 . ' when he is playing and he has the ball at his feet , he is a real threat going forward , ' the former liverpool midfielder said . ' when they do n't have the ball he does n't want to take part and come back towards his own goal . ' ' he just does n't take part when city have the ball , they 're too easy to play against . and that 's a problem they 've had for the last couple of seasons . and maybe that 's one of the big reasons why they 've not done as well as they should have done in europe . ' sportsmail columnist jamie carragher pointed the finger at the city chiefs for allowing the team to get into their current state and said the fallen champions are ' gone ' . the former liverpool defender told talksport : 'they’ve been a great team , but that team needs breaking up and changing . the criticism i have is for the people at the top , to have that much money and to allow yourself to get into a situation where you might need five or six players to go straight into the team . ' you look at the age of the team and it’s too old , so you need a lot of new blood . it’s going to take a lot of money . 'it’s gone for them now , physically , mentally , every part of the game . they’ve been a great team and we should applaud what they’ve achieved over the past three or four years , but it’s the end for this team now . it’s got to be broken up . ' niall quinn , also on sky sports , said bluntly : ' manchester city lost out today because he was all at sea and did n't do his defensive duties . ' toure also came in for criticism on match of the day 2 for his lack of leadership after he took the captain 's armband at half-time . trevor sinclair said : ' he keeps on getting caught in no-mans land , he 's not really at it , clipping the heels , and he 's literally going through the motions . trevor sinclair and phil neville were both critical of city and toure on match of the day 2 . ' fellaini has completely outshone him today . he is outnumbered and i 'm sure he 's frustrated but again he 's just going through the motions . ' picking out on particular aerial duel , which toure lost , sinclair said : ' this is nothing to do with ability , that 's to do with desire and wanting to take one for the team . ' sinclair also felt toure was at fault for chris smalling 's goal , united 's fourth . ' he 's got to organise this better , ' he said . ' if you 're captain of the team you 've got to keep that high line , dictate and tell the lads to get in positions and win the ball . they were queuing up on the far stick . ' phil neville said : ' the minute they concede a goal and their backs are against the wall , they crumble . they lost their shape , they lost their discipline , they were all over the place . ' there was nobody in there today that said `` right , we 're going to get two banks of four , hard to beat and actually try to grind out a result '' . ' 