badou jack outpointed anthony dirrell on friday night at the uic pavilion to take the wbc super-middleweight title , setting up a fight with mandatory challenger george groves . jack ( 19-1-1 ) received winning of 116-112 and 115-113 , and the third had it even at 114-114 . jack , the las vegas-based swede who fights under the banner of floyd mayweather jr. 's promotion company , connected with a big one-two combination in the ninth round and forced the fight inside on a tiring dirrell ( 27-1-1 ) . badou jack ( left ) connects with anthony dirrell during the wbc world super-middleweight title fight . jack holds his belt after beating dirrell on friday night at the uic pavilion in chicago , illinois . george groves will fight jack for the wbc world super-middleweight title as he is mandatory challenger . ' i was in great shape and i believed in myself , ' jack said . ' all that talk do n't matter . i knew they could n't rob me . i thought i clearly won . it was a tough start to my career , but now i 'm a world champ . ' the 31-year-old jack has won three straight fights after being stopped in the first round by derek edwards in 2014 . the 30-year-old dirrell , from flint , michigan , won the title in august with a tough decision over veteran sakio bika . dirrell was diagnosed with non-hodgkins lymphoma and sidelined for 20 months . he also previously broke his leg and wrist in a motorcycle accident . on the undercard , danny jacobs , four years removed from a fight with cancer , stopped caleb truax in the 12th round to successfully defend his wba middleweight title . with a comfortable lead heading into the final round , the 27-year-old jacobs dropped truax with a left-right combination and finished him off with a blistering array of punches against the ropes . jack connects with previously unbeaten dirrell during the world super-middleweight fight on friday night . jack narrowly claimed the wbc super-middleweight title on points against american boxer dirrell . jacobs , from new york , improved to 29-1 with his 26th knockout . the 31-year-old truax , from osseo , minnesota , dropped to 25-2-2 . ' my corner let me know he was hurt and i took advantage , ' jacobs said . ' i was ready for all 12 rounds . i knew he had more experience . ' jacobs was coming off first professional loss in 2011 when he was diagnosed with osteosarcoma , a form of cancer afflicting his spine . he had surgery to remove the tumor and was out of the ring for 18 months .