joe anderson , 56 , the mayor of liverpool , claimed £4,500 per year from chesterfield high school , merseyside , despite doing nothing for pupils . a labour mayor who campaigned against austerity while being paid an £80,000 salary took £4,500 per year from a school where he previously worked , despite doing nothing for pupils . joe anderson , 56 , the mayor of liverpool , attempted to justify the payments by saying he provided the school with ' kudos ' for being linked to him . and when chesterfield high school in crosby , merseyside , stopped the payments in 2011 , he attempted to sue them , claiming discrimination because of his ' philosophical belief ' in public service . the details of the case , published in the times , came after mr anderson rejected an employment tribunal ruling against him and took his case to appeal , which was also rejected . in the most recent case , judge daniel serota ruled that outsiders would consider the payments a ' misapplication of public monies ' and that the school was right to stop them . he added that he had repeatedly asked mr anderson 's lawyers to state what benefits the school got in return for their cash . he said : ' the only answer that i received was that it gave ' kudos ' to the school . ' mr anderson had been a senior learning mentor at the school from 2001 , when he was already a liverpool councillor . he eventually rose through the ranks to become full-time leader of the council in 2010 , effectively stopping his role as a mentor , but he continued taking payments from his former employer . when the school became an academy in 2011 , and therefore had greater freedom over its finances , it ceased paying mr anderson , leading to his discrimination claim . mr anderson , who is paid an £80,000 salary , tried to sue the school ( pictured ) for discrimination after it stopped the payments , saying he was being punished for a ' philosophical belief ' in public service . mr anderson said that his claim was no about getting more money , but about protecting his lucrative public sector pension pot . a tribunal ruled that mr anderson was unfairly dismissed , but that it was '100 per cent likely ' the school would have sacked him following a consultation , so he was not entitled to compensation . it also ruled that , while mr anderson 's belief in public service is a protected status , he had not been discriminated against .