a chinese court has jailed a 71-year-old journalist for seven years for leaking a government document warning against the ' dangers ' of a free press . gao yu - named one of the international press institute 's 50 ' world press heroes ' in 2000 - ' illegally provided state secrets to foreigners ' , beijing 's no . 3 intermediate people 's court said on a verified social media account today . the ruling stated gao had leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling communist party named ' document number 9 ' to a hong kong media outlet . gao yu , 71 , has been jailed for seven years for ' illegally providing state secrets to foreigners ' in the shape of a government document warning against the ' dangers ' of press freedom to a hong kong media outlet . chinese police push away journalists waiting outside beijing 's no . 3 intermediate people 's court for today 's verdict in gao yu 's case . china 's current president xi jinping has overseen a harsh crackdown against critics of the ruling communist party , with scores of journalists , lawyers and academics detained and dozens jailed . the document warns of the ' dangers ' of multiparty democracy , independent media , ' universal ' definitions of human rights and criticism of the party 's historical record , according to copies widely circulated online . ' we are very disappointed with this verdict , ' said shang baojun , one of her lawyers , who argued in court that a ' confession ' from gao had been extracted after threats were made against her son . gao is ' the victim of vaguely worded and arbitrary state-secret laws that are used against activists as part of the authorities ' attack on freedom of expression , ' said william nee , a researcher for britain-based amnesty international . known for her outspoken support for democracy and press freedom , gao went missing last april and resurfaced on china 's state broadcaster a month later admitting she had made a ' mistake ' . shang said the main evidence presented at gao 's trial in november was a ' confession ' she made after police threatened the journalist 's son , who they had also detained . he added that after the verdict was read out gao stated in a ' strong voice ' that she would appeal , but was not allowed to make any further statement . the court denied the defence access to documents used to convict her , the lawyer said . the septuagenarian suffers from high blood pressure and shang added he was ' very worried ' about her health . chinese courts are tightly controlled by the ruling party and more than 99 percent of defendants are convicted , with appeals rarely successful . police and security staff pushed foreign journalists hoping to cover the verdict more than 100 metres away from the courthouse , and bundled a chinese individual into a police vehicle . police take down the details of journalists outside the court where gu 's trial was held . reporters were pushed more than 100 metres away from the courthouse . the beijing no . 3 intermediate people 's court . one of gao yu 's lawyers , shang baojun , claimed her client 's tv ' confession ' was made after police threatened her son , who they had also detained . china 's current president xi jinping has overseen a harsh crackdown against critics of the ruling communist party , with scores of journalists , lawyers and academics detained and dozens jailed . the country 's definition of ' state secrets ' is notoriously broad , taking in the number of people executed each year , information about pollution and databases listing commercial companies . a consistent advocate for democracy and free speech , gao was imprisoned following the government crackdown on student protests in tiananmen square in 1989 . her political writings saw her jailed for six years in the 1990s , also on a charge of ' leaking state secrets ' . she was detained again in the lead-up to the tiananmen crackdown 's 25th anniversary last year , as were dozens of other government critics , and her one-day trial was conducted in secret . prosecutors said that a researcher affiliated with china 's agriculture ministry gave gao a copy of ' document number 9 ' in 2013 , according to a copy of the verdict posted online by friends of gao and confirmed to afp by shang . the prosecution said she had used the online telecommunications tool skype to transfer the document to ho pin , head of hong kong-based publishing house mirror books , one of many outlets which has released the text in the last two years . a truck is buried in by protesters as it makes its way through the crowds in tiananmen square , beijing , at a pro-democracy rally in may 1989 . gao was imprisoned after the government crackdown which followed . gao yu is one of a number of prominent chinese dissidents who have been detained , exiled or kept under house arrest in recent years . mirror books denied receiving the document from gao in a statement posted online friday . ' this so-called ' secret document ' is not concerned with military secrets , or even economic secrets . it is a mere guide to ideology , ' it added . the us said last year it was ' deeply concerned ' by the criminal proceedings against gao . her arrest ' was part of an effort to intimidate and silence journalists and activists ' ahead of the tiananmen anniversary , the us chapter of free speech group pen international said in a statement . the verdict was ' another blow to free expression and press freedom in china ' , it added . beijing 's foreign ministry spokesman hong lei said the case had been handled ' in accordance with the law ' . ' this is a matter of china 's internal sovereignty , ' he told reporters . ahead of the ruling , france-based reporters without borders said it would be a gauge of ' how far the chinese authorities are ready to go in order to suppress those who speak with an independent voice ' . the group ranked china 176th out of 180 countries in its 2015 press freedom index .