amazon is trialling a scheme that could spell the end of waiting in for deliveries or collecting your parcels from a local locker . select prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot , or trunk , of their car without needing to be near the vehicle . the delivery driver is then given temporary keyless access to the car to drop off the items at any time of the day . select amazon prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot , or trunk , of their car without needing to be near the vehicle . the pilot scheme is launching in munich next month and amazon has teamed up with audi and dhl to run the initiative . the pilot scheme is launching in munich next month and amazon has teamed up with audi and dhl to run the initiative . during the checkout process , prime customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map under delivery options . the pilot scheme is launching in munich next month and amazon has teamed up with audi and dhl to run the initiative . during the checkout process , prime customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map in delivery options . once ordered , a dhl delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code . as soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically , and the code is revoked . amazon said the vehicle can be parked anywhere a delivery driver can access , including public car parks , but not gated properties . once ordered , a dhl delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code . this code gives the driver keyless access to the boot of the car up until the delivery is made . as soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically , and the code is revoked . amazon said the vehicle can be parked anywhere a delivery driver can access , including public car parks , but not gated properties . it said it is also looking into ways to extend the service to other prime members with different vehicles in different regions . ' we are working to offer prime members a delivery location that is always available and convenient : the trunk of their car , ' explained michael pasch , european director of amazon prime . ' this innovation makes shopping at amazon even easier and more flexible . it gives customers another way to receive their orders . ' he continued that the test partners will ' take all possible security issues very seriously ' and are working together to develop ways to make sure cars ca n't be stolen or damaged . at the checkout , prime customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map in delivery options . once ordered , a dhl delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code . as soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically , and the code is revoked . amazon is also planning to launch a drone delivery service in the uk , and already offers drop-offs to be made in amazon lockers . these lockers ( example pictured ) can be installed in various locations . once a delivery is made a customer uses touchscreens to enter their order details securely and unlock the relevant locker . amazon is also planning to launch a drone delivery service in the uk , and already offers drop-offs to be made in amazon lockers . these lockers can be installed in various locations and shops within a town or city worldwide . once a delivery is made a customer uses touchscreens to enter their order details securely and unlock the relevant locker . 