for ronny deila , qualification for the champions league is not all about the money . but there are now 16million reasons for the norwegian to take celtic there by leading the team to a fourth successive title . and all of them involve pound signs . this week uefa confirmed their ‘ cash cycle’ for the next three years of european competition . the last time celtic reached the champions league group stage , in 2013-14 when they faced ac milan , ajax and barcelona , they won one match and earned £12.6m . the same performance – or better – next season would see that sum rise by £4m . if they reach the last 16 , the figures crash through the £20m barrier . and that’s even before ticket sales . uefa 's increase in champions league money gives celtic manager ronny deila extra reasons to qualify . to the rest of scottish football , the prospect of celtic making more money is damaging to any hopes of increased competition . to deila , it’s a different kind of bind . ‘ it is even more pressure , ’ conceded the norwegian as his side seek to stretch their premiership lead to eight points against st mirren in paisley tonight . ‘ but you can’t think about money . you just have to do the job the best way you can . ‘ i feel if we can keep consistency in this team and maybe add a player or two , we will be ready for it . ‘it’s not only about the money . it’s about the supporters and the reputation of the club . it’s about the experience of the champions league . ’ the experience and the cash effectively go hand in hand . if celtic participate in the group stages of the premier competition , sell-out crowds of 60,000 – something of a rarity these days – are guaranteed . the competition stimulates and sustains the club in a variety of ways . yes , the last 32 of the europa league secured a tie with inter milan this season . but for all the concerns about a small elite from the major leagues dominating the competition every year , the champions league remains the superior competition in every way . ‘ the champions league is so important , ’ added deila yesterday . ‘ we want to win the league and get into the champions league group stage , that’s the main target . ‘ there is even more money now in the champions league . so to get a good team to compete in that tournament is everything . it is more important than selling players . ‘ our prime target is the champions league and we have to do what is best for the club . ’ towards that end , deila - now a more confident and assured figure than the man who took the parkhead job last summer - will assume personal control of the pre-season programme and argue for the retention of key players . the days of celtic jetting to the east coast of australia and back to play friendlies appear to have gone . ‘ we have to be more prepared than we were this season , ’ stated the parkhead boss after insisting that last summer’s lucrative series of games in the united states , austria and germany had been partly to blame for his team’s subsequent 4-1 qualifying defeat to legia warsaw in poland . ‘ i know we are going to be more prepared . they are knockout ties in the qualifiers , so anything can happen . ‘ we just need to do everything as good as possible so that the preparation is 100 per cent . ‘ we have to do what is best for the team . if we don’t reach it ( the group stages ) then we will have done everything we can . if we are not good enough then we have to look for a new coach then . ’ he was only half joking , you suspect . the most important games of a celtic season now take place in mid-july , before they have kicked a ball in domestic competition . the champions league qualifiers set the tone for the rest of the campaign . amid those circumstances , finding the time to rest international players is proving increasingly difficult . scotland play the republic of ireland in a vital european qualifier in dublin on june 13 , when more than a few celtic stars are likely to be involved , while the likes of full-back emilio izaguirre will also be playing for their countries through the summer . by this time last year , celtic had won the scottish title at a canter - allowing former manager neil lennon to grant key players early rest prior to the euro challenge ahead . deila says that won’t happen this time , even if his side can find a way to shake off challengers aberdeen in the coming weeks . ‘ no . everybody is going to be here , ’ said the norwegian boss . ‘ hopefully we are going to win the treble and that is the main target . ‘ our dream and hope is to get to the scottish cup final and win it . if we do that , then we will be playing our last game of this season on may 30 . ‘ after the cup final , the players will get three weeks’ holiday . if they are playing internationals in june , then they will get one week more . so players like broony ( scott brown ) and stefan ( johansen ) would come back on july 1 . ‘ in three weeks , you can’t ruin too much . it is just positive for their bodies to rest . they know what is coming when they come back to training . ’ before then , there are big barriers to cross . beginning tonight just down the road in paisley against a demoralised and struggling st mirren side who find themselves propping up the premiership table . deila admits he is eager to secure a fourth consecutive league title for celtic as soon as possible . ‘ we want to win the league as soon as possible , ’ declared deila . ‘ the games coming up now are important games but we have a good momentum now . we play good football , we train well , there is good harmony in the squad . i am comfortable that we are going to keep performing well . ‘ i expect a good performance at st mirren . we have a lot of players who have been rested a lot . they should be ready for the game . ’ 