v stiviano showed off two new accessories while enjoying lunch in los angeles on thursday . the 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco . this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8million in gifts she received from her ex , embattled former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling . scroll down video . v stiviano ( above ) showed off new braces while out to lunch thursday . she was joined for the male by an older male companion ( above ) . stiviano and her friend enjoyed lunch at il pastaio , a favorite of the kardashians . on thursday however , stiviano and her new friend , whose idnetity is not yet known , enjoyed some food at il pastaio in beverly hills . the italian restaurant , owned by chef giacomino drago , is known for its celebrity clientele , and is a favorite of stars including the hiltons and kardashians . stiviano was also showing off a new hairstyle for the outing as well , with her normally straight hair very curly and looking particularly full . she also appeared to receive a present from her gentleman friend at one point , pulling something out of a pink bag . meanwhile , a los angeles county superior court judge is set to decide if stiviano must return gifts to her ex sterlung after he and his wife shelly took her to court . shelly laid out some of the items in a court document , including a $ 1.8million home , $ 1.2million in cash , $ 400,000 in cars and even a $ 12 lace thong . the couple want back the house and another $ 1million . it was stiviano who recorded the now-infamous conversation with donald sterling in which he berated her for associating with black people and urged her not to bring minorities with her to clippers basketball games . in the furor sparked when the remarks were made public , the nba banned sterling from the league for life , and he was ultimately forced to sell the clippers franchise he had owned for 33 years for a record $ 2billion . the identity of stiviano 's male companion is not yet known . she also appeared to receive a present from her gentleman friend at one point , pulling something out of a pink bag . this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8million in gifts she received from her ex , embattled former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling . stiviano testified last week that the 80-year-old billionaire real estate mogul spent far more time with her and members of her family during the two and a half years she spent as his personal assistant , driver and confidante than he did with his own wife and children . ‘ we were so interconnected on a level that was more spiritual . he became my everything and i became his all , ’ she said , though she repeated under oath that the relationship was never sexual in nature . she also said ; ‘ the real donald sterling is a con artist , a bigot ... he 's mean , he 's despicable , ’ stiviano replied , before quickly adding that to her , he was ‘ kind , loving , sweet ... a mentor , a father . ... he treated me as he treated no one else . ’ she added that tolerating his racist moments was ' part of the job ' that had its rewards in the way he treated her and her family . stiviano broke down in tears as she described the clippers owner showing up at the hospital when her brother needed a heart transplant and described how he appeared in court to support her adoption of two boys . shelly , who accused stiviano of fraud in her testimony , painted her rival as a gold digger who seduced her husband into lavishing her with money and gifts and is now out to hurt him .  