louis van gaal wants danny ings to form a central part of his manchester united rebuilding this summer . high-placed sources at old trafford have confirmed their interest in a player who is also being strongly pursued by fierce rivals liverpool . the futures of robin van persie and radamel falcao are uncertain and van gaal has put the 22-year-old englishman on his list of targets . danny ings ( right ) is a top target for manchester united and could be set for a summer move to old trafford . united have held talks with burnley and through a loophole in premier league regulations are able to agree a fee and pre-contract with the player to ensure a transfer in the summer . liverpool manager brendan rodgers tried to sign the striker in january , but burnley were intent on keeping him until the end of the campaign . ings is out of contract in the summer but , due to his age , burnley would be owed a fee set by a tribunal of around £5million if he joined an english club . however , under premier league rule u8 domestic clubs are able to agree terms with the club and player who would then move when their contract expires . louis van gaal is a fan of ings and was impressed with the forwards performance against his side . ings has become one of the most sought-after strikers in europe . if united are successful they would beat former manager david moyes , who is keen to bring the 22-year-old to real sociedad , to the signing . tottenham and manchester city are also interested . ings has scored nine goals so far in his first season in the premier league and united consider him to be a future england international . van gaal was particularly impressed by ings’ performance against united at old trafford in february when he scored in burnley’s 3-1 defeat . van persie , 31 , has struggled with injuries this season and the loan of falcao , 29 , from monaco has produced only four goals . united are also interested in signing psv forward memphis depay , southampton right back nathaniel clyne and dortmund centre back mats hummels . radamel falcao ( left ) and robin van persie 's united careers look over with both likely to move on . van gaal is a fan of psv forward memphis depay , who was part of his holland world cup squad . mats hummels ( second left ) has long been target for united and may finally join in the summer . southampton right back nathaniel clyne is another target for united as they look to rebuild their defence . 