cancer-stricken basketball player lauren hill is spending her final days helping to raise money for cancer research and has already accumulated over $ 1.5million . lauren , 19 , uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at children 's hospital in cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor . she has expressed her desire to help others there as she continues to fight her disease . during her senior year of high school , lauren was diagnosed with dipg ( diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma ) , a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent . scroll down for video . tracking her progress : lauren hill 's mother lisa posts photos of her daughter along with . made it : lauren hill , 19 , made it through a full season with the mount st. joseph 's women 's basketball team while raising more than $ 1.5 million for research into the type of brain tumor that will likely end her life . but she still made it through a full season at mount st. joseph university in cincinnati while raising more than $ 1.5 million for others with her condition . cbs reports that hill has a new goal which is to raise a total of $ 2.2 million for treatment and research . her mother lisa updates her followers on the facebook page for lauren 's fight for cure about her daughter 's progress and said that lauren had a wonderful easter but that she is still struggling . ' not much has change in laurens status since she aired on the view . occasional headache and still very tired but humor remains intact when she can work it in . this week we are getting ready for easter and have been enjoying some time in the spring sunshine . some of her teammates decided to get things hopping to make sure she was ready for sunday . hope everyone has a wonderful weekend , ' lisa wrote on april 1 . blonde for easter : despite lauren 's disease getting worse , she has posted photos of herself on facebook . most recently on april 7 lauren 's mother lisa wrote , ' today was brent 's birthday . lauren greeted him this morning with a huge smile and open arms . hugs for dad on his birthday . i so wish with all my heart i could give him the gift he really wished for . what we all wish for ... .. the cure ! my heart is breaking and i wish someone would wake us all up from this nightmare . ' lauren has maintained her resilient spirit throughout this tragic struggle even though doctors have not yet found a cure . lauren recently appeared on abc 's the view where she spoke about basketball and her condition . fun times : lauren is pictured in the hospital on st. patrick 's day where she seemed to be in good spirits . ' you 're supposed to make the best of every moment , but it 's hard . it 's really , really hard , ' lauren told a wcpo crew that helped set up her interview . lauren fails to give up in spite of her condition . in september 2014 , hill 's doctor told her she would not live past december , fox reports . but hill drastically defied expectations . she played four basketball games with her team early in the season , making five layups . as her condition worsened , she became an honorary coach , attending games when possible . she tires easily now and needs to use a wheelchair often . diagnosed : during her senior year of high school , hill ( left and right ) was diagnosed with dipg ( diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma ) , a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent . the ncaa granted permission to move up the school 's opening game because of her worsening condition , and she made a layup for the first basket in a game at xavier university 's 10,000-seat arena . the team had planned to have its annual end-of-the-season banquet on feb. 22 — a date that matches hill 's uniform number — but the final game got pushed back because of the weather . hill was getting treated at cincinnati children 's hospital . so the team decided to take the banquet to the hospital , using a meeting room . instead of having a big meal and awards , the players got sandwiches and spent time together . ' we were going to get something to eat , show up , talk about the season and celebrate being with each other , ' benjamin said . the team wore special gray jerseys for the first game at xavier 's arena . the ncaa prohibits schools from giving gifts to players , so they bought them for $ 22 , another way to support hill 's fundraising for cancer research . hill signed each of the jerseys at the banquet . in a recent interview with wkrc-tv , hill said , ' life is precious . ... every moment you get with someone is a moment that 's blessed , really blessed . ' last year : mount st. joseph 's lauren hill , left , smiles at pat summitt last november after receiving the pat summitt award during halftime of her first ncaa college basketball game against hiram university . never give up : lauren , picture on march 22 , is vowing to never give up her battle with rare brain cancer . a team player : lauren is working with her doctors and family to fight the disease that will likely kill her . life : doctors did n't expect hill ( center at hospital ) to live this long with the tumor , which folds around parts of her brain . 