from working late to boring marriages and just not being in love any more , there 's no end to the excuses deployed by cheating spouses to get themselves off the hook . but one man has taken the art of the creative excuse to a new level and claimed his sexually transmitted disease was the result of car exhaust rather than cheating , according to his ex . 33-year-old stuart , had , said ex-girlfriend sophie , offered up the novel excuse when accused of cheating after discovering that she had mysteriously contracted chlamydia . scroll down for video . car exhaust : stuart , pictured with ' wife ' linda , claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust . ‘ i got a test for chlamydia because i’m sure he cheated on me , ’ fumed sophie during an appearance on the jeremy kyle show . ‘i’ve stopped him seeing the kids because he hasn’t paid for them , and he keeps threatening me . ’ ‘ he said he caught chlamydia from the car – from the exhaust pipe of the car . ’ unbeknown to sophie , stuart was sitting backstage with his new ' wife ' linda and burst onto the stage to deny he had ever used the bizarre excuse . ' i never said that ! ’ he insisted . unfortunately , stuart 's appearance did n't quite go as planned with host kyle unearthing a series of lies that belied his denial . furious : the claim was made by ex-girlfriend sophie who was outraged to find she also had the std . falling apart : stuart 's many falsehoods were swiftly unpicked by host jeremy kyle . along with falsely claiming to be a paramedic , he also accused sophie of attacking his new love linda when in fact neither were true . linda , although described by stuart as his ' wife ' , turned out to be a girlfriend instead , having changed her name by deed poll rather than tying the knot . after going on an extended moan about his lack of access to his and sophie 's children , it also transpired that he had run off with his young son for five weeks . adding to stuart 's pain was sophie 's mother kathy who accused him of refusing to pay child support and instead proffering a £20 note every two weeks .