these pictures show the moment a mercedes became sandwiched between two london buses following a four-vehicle pile-up in central london . two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash in goodge street this morning . it forced the closure of the road near the junction with tottenham court road . scroll down for video . sandwiched : a mercedes , believed to have been operated as a minicab , became wedged between two london buses this morning . the four-vehicle crash happened in goodge street . two people were treated at the scene . long delays : the four-vehicle pile-up , which also involved an audi tt , forced the closure of the road near the junction with tottenham court road . it caused significant disruption for traffic in central london . richard beltran , who works nearby , caught the aftermath of the crash on camera . he said it involved an audi tt sports car , a mercedes , believed to have been operated as a minicab , and two routemasters - dubbed ' boris buses ' . the 38-year-old said : ' there were four vehicles involved . at the front was the audi tt , which had been hit hard enough that it bounced a metre and a half away from the bus behind , which had a smashed windscreen . ' then in between that and another bus was a mercedes . i stayed around for two hours and the scene was still being cleared up . the bus at the front could be driven away but tow trucks were needed for the other one and the mercedes . ' at one point there were about 15 buses lined up on goodge street before the drivers realised they had to divert elsewhere . ' caught on camera : richard beltran , who witnessed the aftermath , said he stayed around for two hours while the scene was being cleared up . smash : mr beltran said the audi tt sports car had been hit hard enough that it bounced a metre and a half away from the bus behind , which had a broken windscreen . tight squeeze : the driver and passenger of the mercedes , which was wedged between two buses , were treated at the scene , metropolitan police said . no arrests have been made in connection with the collision . recovered : a tow truck was needed for the mercedes and second london bus , according to mr beltran . the metropolitan police confirmed they had been called to the incident . a spokesman said : ' police were called at approximately 11.35am on sunday to goodge street at the junction with tottenham court road following reports of a collision involving several vehicles , including two buses . ' officers , london ambulance service and london fire brigade attended . the driver and passenger of a mercedes were treated at the scene . ' no arrests have been made , police said .