mercedes motorsport boss toto wolff believes nico rosberg was back to his best in sunday 's bahrain grand prix . rosberg has again found himself playing second fiddle to hamilton so far this season , which has led to many questioning his character and ability . although rosberg could only finish third behind hamilton and ferrari star kimi raikkonen at the bahrain international circuit , he proved over the course of the race he still has what it takes . nico rosberg duels for position with the ferrari of sebastian vettel during sunday 's race in bahrain . lewis hamilton sprays rosberg with champagne after the briton secured his third win in four races this term . 1 . lewis hamilton ( britain ) mercedes 93 . 2 . nico rosberg ( germany ) mercedes 66 . 3 . sebastian vettel ( germany ) ferrari 65 . 4 . kimi raikkonen ( finland ) ferrari 42 . rosberg conjured three superb overtaking manoeuvres , one on raikkonen and two on the finn 's ferrari team-mate sebastian vettel . a delighted wolff said : ' everybody who ever doubted nico saw nico at his best , fighting hard and overtaking . ' we are four races into the season and there are another 15 left , so i have no doubt after his driving in bahrain , which was exceptional , we will have a very strong nico bouncing back in barcelona ( for the spanish grand prix ) . ' rosberg is already 27 points adrift of mercedes team-mate hamilton in the battle for this season 's title . rosberg dices with kimi raikkonen . asked as to what is required of rosberg to overcome an in-form hamilton , wolff replied : ' to qualify on pole and control the race from there . ' we saw that lewis qualifying on pole , running away and being in control of the race was similar to what we had in china . he was the key to scoring maximum points . ' a concern for wolff , however , is the brake failures of hamilton and rosberg over the final two laps . for rosberg , in particular , the brake system in his car failed on the penultimate lap , allowing a charging raikkonen an easy pass , although it is likely the finn 's pace at that stage would have resulted in him claiming second anyway . as for hamilton , his brakes gave way on the final lap , but the 30-year-old was able to cross the line 3.3 seconds ahead of raikkonen . ' we must be happy with one and three , no doubt about it , ' added wolff . ' but nico losing second place because of a brake failure is a bit of a pity . ' we saw very hot brakes on nico 's car in traffic following sebastian ( vettel ) with lots of hard braking . we monitored that , but with the backmarkers and the lapping cars those brake temperatures went through the roof and we had a brake-by-wire failure on both cars in the same corner - lewis on the last lap , nico on the penultimate lap . ' leading into the last lap it was under hard braking on the straight the temperatures went sky high . when that happens the brake-by-wire switches into a conventional system and then you are without weapons to defend . '