a federal appeals court has upheld the conviction and death sentence of a washington man who confessed to raping and killing his 14-year-old stepdaughter in 1995 . the 9th us circuit court of appeals confirmed that the washington supreme court did not act unreasonably when it rejected clark elmore’s claim his constitutional rights were violated at trial . elmore , who was convicted of killing kristy ohnstad in bellingham after he said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child , received the federal court 's ruling on wednesday . clark elmore’s conviction for killing and raping his 14-year-old stepdaughter in washington in 1995 was upheld . the 9th us circuit court of appeals confirmed the washington supreme court 's ( above ) decision was correct . ohnstad , a middle school student , was the daughter of elmore’s live-in girlfriend , the seattle times reported . after she went missing , elmore pretended he was grieving and helped organize a search party to find her . elmore is the second-longest serving inmate on the state 's death row after being sent there in 1996 . he eventually admitted killing her in a graphic taped confession . elmore claimed his rights were violated during the trial because his attorney gave him bad advice and the jury saw him in shackles . the three-member panel 's ruling against the 63-year-old convict was unanimous . the panel wrote : ' we hold that the washington supreme court’s resolution of elmore’s constitutional claims was not unreasonable . ' the district court did not err in denying clark elmore’s challenges to his conviction and death sentence , and we therefore affirm the district court 's decision . ' clark elmore committed a truly monstrous crime . ' a state that has chosen to impose the death penalty can surely reserve it for such an offense . ' the ruling does not mean elmore will now be executed as governor jay inslee has declared a moratorium on the death penalty . elmore is the second-longest serving inmate on the state’s death row - he arrived there in 1996 - although he is now effectively serving a life sentence due to the moratorium on executions . he may still ask the us supreme court to review the 9th circuit court’s opinion .