christian benteke has revealed a secret . despite what appeared cast-iron evidence to the contrary , he does not practise free-kicks . he has taken only a handful in his career . yet with seven minutes to go in a game aston villa dared not lose , he stepped forward , pushing aside team-mates , to curl his dead-ball opportunity over the queens park rangers wall and into the net . precious point rescued . ‘ i surprised myself ! ’ he says , laughing . ‘ when i saw it , charles n’zogbia said , “ i want to shoot” . but i said , “ i want to take it” . christian benteke bends a free-kick over the qpr wall to rescue a point for aston villa last week . benteke jumps for joy after sealing his hat-trick in the relegation battle with qpr at villa park . the belgium striker admitted he even surprised himself by finding the back of the net with the free kick . ‘ it wasn’t about the hat-trick , it was more about if i can take the free-kick or not , if i can hit the target . i have only taken one before for villa , against swansea , and i hit the post . ’ what happens should a chance come from similar range against liverpool ? ‘i’ll take it . sometimes you have to try . ’ so speaks a striker of soaring confidence . eight goals in his last six games , the latest a towering header to take all three points at tottenham , benteke is bang in form and relishing the prospect of an fa cup semi-final . sitting to discuss the match in a dressing room at villa’s bodymoor heath training complex , he looks as if he would like to be on wembley’s turf post-haste . he has been rejuvenated under tim sherwood , scoring a goal every 87 minutes since the new villa manager took over . the unnerving thing for liverpool is that he says he will get better . benteke rises above fererico fazio to head the winning goal for aston villa against tottenham on saturday . benteke points to the sky in celebration after scoring his eighth goal in six matches . benteke is in the kind of form which could see tim sherwood 's villa escape from premier league relegation . ‘ i still think i can do more , in everything , ’ he insists . ‘ i can’t say i’m happy to be there now , i want to do more and more . ’ that insatiable appetite is understandable after a disheartening year , starved first of football , then chances . it was april 3 , 2014 , when a loud crack was heard across bodymoor’s training pitches signalling benteke’s ruptured achilles . his world cup dream was over . parents jean-pierre and marie-claire cancelled their tickets to brazil . six months of rehabilitation followed before benteke’s return last october . a red card on his third start against tottenham kept him out for another brief period . there was a splendid goal at crystal palace , then another against manchester united . a third came against blackpool in the fa cup third round . dazzlingly good , but these strikes were isolated . benteke never appeared his barnstorming self . his movement was limited , his impact negligible . villa’s safety-first style was a significant factor . often benteke looked cut adrift up front . the nadir came when paul lambert dropped him to the bench for the visit of chelsea in february . ‘ it was frustrating because i knew i could do better , ’ he says , reflecting on that moment . ‘ every time after the game i said to myself , “ i can do better” . it was frustrating to play a game with no chances . but i am not that guy who is going to complain . i understood the situation . ’ sherwood’s impact has been immediate . just as he did with emmanuel adebayor at tottenham , he has taken a misfiring striker and recalibrated the shooting . sherwood’s tactics are tailored to benteke and his relentless positivity has awoken the inner beast . benteke was forced to watch belgium reach the quarter-final of the world cup after rupturing his achilles . benteke praised the impact of new manager sherwood for playing a style that suits the striker 's attributes . ‘ he has given me a lot of freedom and he has said to the other lads to play maybe more direct with me , ’ explains benteke . ‘ when a manager says that , you feel more important , more responsible . ‘ the way that we play now is comfortable for me because i’m scoring and also for the team because i help the team . ’ he is excited about his partnership with gabby agbonlahor . ‘ he helps me destroy the defenders . with two we’re always better than one . ’ benteke is grateful to lambert for bringing him to villa from genk in 2012 but acknowledges it was the correct call to sack the manager . ‘that’s a tough question , ’ he pauses . ‘ i will say yes because the confidence of the team was a little bit low and when the gaffer came he brought the confidence up . ’ benteke believes his fitness after such a long time out was an issue too but now he feels in peak condition . ‘ i play like i used to before . i feel really good . ’ those summer weeks when he could only watch his nation’s world cup adventure on tv are becoming a distant , if difficult , memory . benteke is delighted with the partnership he has struck up with fellow striker gabby agbonlahor . the striker paid tribute to former manager paul lambert for signing him from genk in 2012 . ‘ it was tough , ’ he says . ‘ i worked hard for that opportunity . but that’s life . the manager marc wilmots said , “ if you want , you can come with the lads . ” but i didn’t . i came back to belgium and my family helped get me through . my mum said , “ you have to be thankful to god , it could have been worse” . ’ becoming a father to baby jayden last september put things in perspective . ‘ it was good , i forgot about my injury , ’ he says , smiling . doubts about his talent emerged during his troubles but he has faced down critics before . three years ago genk dismissed his premier league credentials . ‘ they said i wasn’t ready because the level between belgium and england is really high and i should stay one more season . but i said , “ no , i am confident , i want to go” . i don’t really listen to what people say . if i feel it , i just do it . but benteke concedes that sacking lambert was the correct decision after the lift sherwood has given them . chelsea midfielder and compatriot eden hazard tweeted his admiration for benteke after his spurs winner . ‘ it was my dream to play in the best league . i was a fan of arsenal . ’ he insists he is not dreaming of scoring at wembley . ‘ i don’t want a dream , i want to do it . ’ he is not that close to compatriot simon mignolet but is good friends with marouane fellaini and eden hazard . ‘ i have known them since i was really young . ’ hazard tweeted his admiration following benteke’s goal at spurs . ‘ he is my brother , like you say . for me , he deserves to be the player of the year . ’ benteke will consider what he deserves in the summer . wolfsburg have been keeping tabs on him . ‘ since i came i have had a lot of pressure here , ’ he says . ‘ if i want to one day , after say four or five years , be with the big club , then it is pressure every time also . ’ he ultimately wants european football . that will come for villa by reaching the final , should arsenal also qualify . ‘ i think this is the beauty of the fa cup , now everything is possible , ’ he says . 