these are the incredible shots of the american southwest that a photographer captured with a fairly common lens - that of his iphone , to be exact . armed with just his phone and a sleeping bag , kevin russ hopped trains , dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down south . russ traveled from california to colorado , making his way through arizona , texas and new mexico . scroll down for video . austin , texas : these are the incredible shots of the american southwest that kevin russ has captured with just his iphone . a nap in texas : armed with just his phone and a sleeping bag , russ hopped trains , dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down south . russ traveled from california to colorado , making his way through arizona , texas and new mexico . the photographer said he was initially ' fearful and unsure ' when his friend levi approached him with the idea , but did n't let that stop him from the new adventure . those are some of my favorite reasons for doing stuff lately , ' he told peta pixel . and russ said he was immediately excited to embrace the ' nostalgic way of travel ' , which he documented on his tumblr . the traveling photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he 's journeyed across the country to take photographs . the photographer said he was initially ' fearful and unsure ' when his friend levi approached him with the idea , but did n't let that stop him from the new adventure . kirby , texas : and russ said he was immediately excited to embrace the ' nostalgic way of travel ' . the photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he 's journeyed across the country to take pictures . ' i started going for a week or two at a time in my car and then coming back home , ' he said . ' until i realized i could keep going out and not come back ever , if i wanted to ' . russ lived in his car for a year as he took photographs of the great american west on his iphone in 2013 , and soon became a huge hit oninstagram . but it was n't fame that russ was seeking when he first began his travels . he simply wanted to get out of the house . russ said he began roaming the country after he bought a house and ' did n't leave it ' for two years . ' i started going for a week or two at a time in my car and then coming back home , ' he said in a timberland interview . ' until i realized i could keep going out and not come back ever , if i wanted to . ' new mexico : russ said he also realized ' how little ' he needed to ' be happy and just to live ' . ' as long as i could eat and have stuff to wear , i do n't need a whole lot else , ' he said . east arizon : russ , from portland , began using the iphone when prints from his digital camera kept getting rejected . as a test , he submitted the same shot , but photographed by his iphone.after it was accepted , and someone bought the picture the next day , russ decided to ' try and make a living with shooting iphone pictures ' . russ has found that the iphone is especially convenient on the road , allowing him to process all his photos from one device . russ said he also realized ' how little ' he needed to ' be happy and just to live ' . ' as long as i could eat and have stuff to wear , i do n't need a whole lot else , ' he said . but one thing russ is always carrying is his iphone . russ , from portland , began using the iphone when prints from his digital camera kept getting rejected . as a test , he submitted the same shot , but photographed by his iphone . after it was accepted , and someone bought the picture the next day , russ decided to ' try and make a living with shooting iphone pictures , ' he said on last call with carson daly . colton , california : russ said he likes that , with the iphone , he does n't have to be behind a computer at all . ' i 'd just rather be out shooting ' . during his travels across the american southwest , russ journeyed with other nomads . russ said the iphone also makes it fun to create work . after he 's done editing his photos , he uploads them on society6 , where they 're sold as prints . russ has gone to great lengths to capture the perfect picture , whether that means hanging out with moose for two days straight or taking a seven hour atv ride to reach a spot in alaska where planes are n't allowed to fly . russ has found that the iphone is especially convenient on the road , allowing him to process all his photos from one device . ' i do n't have to be behind a computer at all , i 'd just rather be out shooting , ' he said in a vimeo interview . russ said the iphone also makes it fun to create work . after he 's done editing his photos , he uploads them on society6 , where they 're sold for $ 20 as prints . the photographer lists wildlife as his favorite thing to shoot and has gone to great lengths to capture the perfect picture , whether that means hanging out with moose for two days straight or taking a seven hour atv ride to reach a spot in alaska . but russ said he does n't generally approach his pictures with a specific shot or subject in mind . ' when i 'm looking for a picture , it 's not always what i 'm seeing but what i 'm feeling when i 'm out in nature , ' he told society6 . ' that 's what i 'm trying to capture , are the feelings that i have when i 'm in a particular place . ' austin , texas : russ said he does n't generally approach his pictures with a specific shot or subject in mind . when i 'm looking for a picture , it 's not always what i 'm seeing but what i 'm feeling when i 'm out in nature , ' he said . russ said that instead , he tries to capture ' the feelings that i have when i 'm in a particular place . '