two teenage boys reportedly stabbed a third to death after arguing about their mobile phones - then killed four girl pals they were with so they could n't tell police about the murder . sergey burkaev , 16 , and konstantin surkov , 17 , are said to have raped their last victim before slitting her throat . the vodka-fuelled duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west russia , according to prosecutors . scroll down for video . accused of murder and rape : sergey burkaev , 16 ( left ) and konstantin surkov , 17 , could be jailed for life . slain at a party : russian police released pixellated images of some of the victims , who were aged 16 to 22 . the baby-faced pair apparently fled in a stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers , who saw the vehicle being driven erratically . if convicted , surkov and burkaev face life in jail . the police who quizzed them say both teenagers have confessed to the murders and rape . the only reason they have given for the carnage was that they were drunk , the officers added . the horrific crimes reportedly took place at a house party in the small town of kumertau in bashkortostan on friday night . a friend of party-goers - 17-year-old svetlana frolova - said : ' i just ca n't believe this has happened . they were all so friendly with each other and always hanging out together . ' i had been invited ( to the party ) too , and had really wanted to go , but my mum said i had to stay in to do my homework . i 'm so glad i did . i ca n't understand why they did this . ' arrested : one of the youths is told to lean face down on a police car after being stopped in a ' stolen ' vehicle . boozed-up surkov and burkaev are said to have accused fellow party guest sidor fokine , 22 , of stealing their mobile phones . when he denied it , they flew into a rage and pulled out their knives . then they knifed him in front of the other guests - who were all female . but they feared that the young women would identify them as the killers . so they knifed them too , including 16-year-old maria sorokina , in whose flat they were partying , and her 17-year-old friend anastasia selezneva . scene of carnage : police officers at the apartment block in kumertau where five young people were killed . the other victims were aged 21 and 22 . anastasia was the last to be murdered - and she was raped before her brutal death . the five bodies were set on fire in the apartment . a police spokesman said of surkov and burkaev : ' they were apprehended while trying to escape in a stolen car . they were covered in blood and still drunk . ' so far they have only said they did it because they were drunk . '