liverpool manager brendan rodgers accepts champions league football is unlikely to return to anfield next season , but insisted once again that contract rebel raheem sterling will do . this has been an uncomfortable week on merseyside after the england forward 's ill-advised interview only heightened speculation over his future . sterling told the bbc that he turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal but insisted he was not a 'money-grabbing 20-year-old ' , while also admitting that links to saturday 's opponents arsenal were ' quite flattering ' . raheem sterling will still be a liverpool player next season , insists reds boss brendan rodgers . sterling ( left ) started liverpool 's 4-1 defeat at arsenal on saturday despite going public over his club contract . rodgers spoke to the forward about the week 's events yet still started him at the emirates stadium , where the gunners all but ended liverpool 's hopes of a top-four finish with a comfortable 4-1 win . ' the reaction and commitment of the players has been first class since ( the defeat to crystal palace in november ) , ' rodgers said . ' really , up until the manchester united game we were the form team and playing very , very well . ' but we have been dealt two big blows in these last two games , we have n't performed how we would like and that has ultimately cost us in terms of the result . ' i very much doubt we will be in the top four now come the end of the season . there 's too much ground to make up - that 's the realistic view from me . ' now , we must really focus on the fa cup and that has got to be very , very important for us . ' the 20-year-old ( right ) has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal and put off talks until the summer . liverpool take on blackburn in a replay of their fa cup quarter-final on wednesday , when talk about sterling will no doubt still be dominating the headlines . rodgers is only interested on what is happening with the forward on the field , though , and wants another impressive performance from the england international at ewood park . ' there was no change in him , ' he said of sterling . ' i thought he was excellent today , our best player . ' he was aggressive in his running , pressed the ball well , won the penalty and was very direct and strong , so i thought he was excellent today . ' rodgers was peppered with questions about sterling in the post-match press conference , during which he said ' a big part of this is actually nothing to do with him ' . sterling ( top ) did win the visitors ' penalty after he was fouled by bellering ( bottom ) in the second half . the liverpool manager was coy when asked about outside influences destabilising both club and player , but was forthright when it came to the forward 's future . ' at 20 years of age - and just turned 20 in december - there is still a long way for him to go , ' said rodgers , who confirmed mario balotelli deemed himself unfit to travel after receiving a knock in training . ' he has got a lot of potential . i believe that potential he can really develop over these next few years at liverpool . ' of course , it will be the job of , in particular , his advisors to look at maybe what possibilities might be beyond that . ' the only thing i will say is that he has two-and-a-half years left , he wo n't be going anywhere in the summer . that 's for sure . ' they will sit down again with the club and his representatives to hopefully find the solution in the summer . ' liverpool boss rodgers believes sterling can fulfill his potential at anfield over the next few years . arsenal manager arsene wenger was also asked about sterling in the post-match press conference , but preferred to focus on his side 's fine display . impressive goals from hector bellerin , mesut ozil and alexis sanchez in quick succession gave the hosts a comfortable half-time lead . jordan henderson 's penalty reduced the deficit , but olivier giroud added extra gloss in this seventh straight league win after emre can saw red . ' you always have imperfections in any game but i feel we started with a great intensity , which is what we wanted to put them under pressure , ' wenger said . ' we created some early chances after and then when we relieved the pressure they had one or two chances . liverpool are a good side going forwards and they always look dangerous . emre can ( right ) was sent off late in the second half for liverpool to compound a miserable afternoon . ' we had a killing instinct and took advantage of our strong moments in the first half . ' in fairness we played at a good pace and had some good combination game in the final third . ' the second half was more down to , can we maintain the discipline , intensity and not allow them to come back early ? we did that . ' we had many chances on the break that i 've seen again but in the end it was 4-1 which is very convincing in a very important game . ' arsenal manager arsene wenger was pleased with the ' killer instinct ' his side showed against liverpool .