chelsea are planning a victory parade through the streets around stamford bridge should they stay on course to claim the premier league title in may . jose mourinho 's side , who face arsenal at the emirates on sunday , are currently nine points clear at the summit of the table with six games of the current campaign remaining . in a letter from hammersmith and fulham council which was delivered to residents in the area over the past few days , the schedule for the planned celebrations are laid out . eden hazard fires past manchester united keeper david de gea during his side 's 1-0 win at stamford bridge . the letter , delivered to residents of fulham , outlines chelsea 's plan for their victory parade on may 25 . the planned victory parade route is outlined to residents of the area on a map included with the letter . leicester ( away ) - april 29 . crystal palace ( home ) - may 3 . liverpool ( home ) - may 10 . west brom ( away ) - may 18 . sunderland ( home ) - may 24 . the letter , titled ' advance notice of possible chelsea football club parade on monday , may 25 ' , reads : ' i am writing to give you early notice of a victory parade that will take place in fulham if chelsea football club wins the premier league . ' if chelsea win , a victory parade will take place on monday , may 25 . this would be wholly funded by the football club , as would the clean-up operation . the parade would start around 12pm and should finish around 1pm . ' the team 's buses would depart from stamford bridge 's west entrance before travelling east along fulham road and turning right onto hortensia road , and then right onto king 's road . there would be short stop at eel brook common , where the procession would end . the buses would then leave the parade route via parsons green . ' as i say , the victory parade will only take place if chelsea win the premier league , but i wanted to give you this advance warning so you can plan ahead should they win the title . ' chelsea are 10 points clear of second placed manchester city at the top of the table with five games to play . jose mourinho raises the premier league trophy following his side 's title triumph in 2005 .