these haunting images show the partially-submerged ruins of a church where a town was swallowed by an artificial lake 50 years ago . the st ivan rilski church is the only remaining evidence of the community of zapalnya , bulgaria , where residents lived until they were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the communist regime . named after the patron saint of bulgaria , the crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the zhrebchevo reservoir , near the town of tvardica . the partially-submerged ruins of the st ivan rilski church are visible at the zhrebchevo reservoir , near the town of tvardica , bulgaria . the church is the only remaining evidence of the settlement of zapalnya , bulgaria , where residents were forced to leave in the 1960s . located about 175 miles east of the capital , the ruins and the reservoir itself have become a popular destination for photographers . residents’ abandoned homes were inundated and destroyed when the settlement and surrounding area – including two other villages – in south-east bulgaria were submerged in 1965 . most inhabitants moved to neighbouring villages that were not affected when the man-made lake formed . located about 175 miles east of the capital , sofia , the ruins and the reservoir itself have become a popular destination for tourists , photographers and fishermen . with rolling hills in the distance , aerial photos show vegetation growing on top of the church’s walls after the roof collapsed long ago . homes were inundated and destroyed when the settlement and surrounding area – including two other towns – were submerged in 1965 . with rolling hills in the distance , aerial photos show vegetation growing on top of the church’s walls , which once supported a roof that collapsed long ago . vagabond , an english-language news magazine in bulgaria , wrote that a segment of the cemetery is visible at times , depending on water levels . the scene is not unique to the zhrebchevo reservoir , the third largest dam in bulgaria . the church , built in 1895 , was the heart of life in the valley , and zapalnya was known for rose oil production during the ottoman empire . named after the patron saint of bulgaria , the crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water . a segment of the cemetery is visible at times , depending on water levels in the reservoir , which is a popular fishing spot . it is one of several settlements which no longer exist due to homes being washed away by communist-era dams . radio bulgaria said the church , built in 1895 , was the heart of life in the valley , and zapalnya was known for rose oil production at the time of the ottoman empire . now wiped off the face of the planet , the town existed before the 13th century under a different name .