new jersey senator robert menendez is facing the possibility of 15 years in prison for using his position to help a wealthy donor in exchange for nearly $ 1million in gifts and campaign contributions . the 61-year-old democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon dr salomon melgen , 60 , according to a 68-page federal indictment unsealed this month and detailed in the new york post . perhaps the most embarrassing of the accusations is that menendez used his influence to get visas for married melgen 's multiple young lovers abroad - including a brazilian model who posed on the cover of ' sexy ' magazine and a ukrainian actress who moved to florida to live in one of melgen 's homes . scroll down for videos . corrupt ? u.s . senator robert menendez faces the possibility of 15 years in prison if convicted of eight counts of bribery for using his political influence to help a wealthy donor in exchange for nearly $ 1million in campaign contributions and gifts . melgen 's ladies : according to an indictment unsealed this month , menendez helped donor dr salomon melgen bring at least three mistresses to the u.s. on visas - including brazilian actress juliana lopes leite ( left ) and ukrainian model svitlana buchyk ( right ) . menendez and melgen met at a fundraiser in 1993 , shortly after menendez was voted into the senate . the two quickly became close , with menendez being invited to fly on melgen 's private jet and visit his villa in the dominican republic on several occasions . according to the details in the indictment , menendez began helping out his rich friend in 1998 , when melgen wanted to fly a 22-year-old girlfriend - identified as ' girlfriend 2 in court documents - and her 18-year-old sister from the dominican republic to spend christmas with him in the states . claiming innocence : melgen has also been charged in the indictment , in addition to other medicaid fraud charges , pleading not guilty to both . he is being held at the federal detention center in miami . despite melgen writing a letter to the embassy in santo domingo , the sisters ' applications were initially denied due to the fact that they were unemployed and therefore more likely to overstay their visas . when melgen found got the bad news , he reached out to his friend menendez for help . menendez then told his senior policy adviser mark lopes that he planned to personally call the ambassador and , if that did n't work , a contact at the state department . an unidentified high-ranking member in the state department allegedly responded by telling menendez that he agreed with the visa decision . nevertheless , a few weeks later the sisters were re-interviewed and this time their visas were approved . lopes emailed a colleague after and wrote that it was ' only due to the fact that rm intervened . ' menendez next helped melgen in 2007 , when the doctor was trying to get another young woman to visit him in the u.s . the woman identified as ' girlfriend 3 ' in court documents is described as a ukrainian actress and model who was 20 years old and living in spain around the time at menendez intervened in her immigration process . according to the indictment , a menendez staffer reached out to the u.s. consul general in madrid on behalf of a ' famous person in spain ' who was a ' good friend ' of melgen and needed a visa to ' undergo medical evaluation for plastic surgery in the u.s ' . ' dr melgen is a person of the highest caliber , ' menendez wrote . ' he is a fine citizen and held in high esteem by his peers . ' it 's believed that ' girlfriend 3 ' is model svitlana buchyk , now 28 , a woman who has been tied to melgen and who lived in spain before moving to florida . svitlana made headlines in florida in 2010 when she crashed a car that was registered in melgen 's wife 's name . at the time , buchyk gave police melgen 's address in north palm beach as her own . when contacted the the miami herald at the time , she told the paper that she worked for melgen in the past but would not describe what that work involved . ' he treated me well , ' she said . ' he had money . he was very generous . ' she now allegedly goes by the name lana moyzuk and lives in los angeles . employee ? melgen 's alleged mistress svitlana buchyk ( pictured ) made headlines in florida in 2010 when she crashed a car belonging to melgen 's wife . she told the miami herald at the time that she used to work for melgen , but would not saw in what capacity . it appears melgen may have been juggling women in 2007 , when he brought buchyk to the u.s. , since he also reportedly started dating a famous brazilian actress that same year . menendez is also accused of intervening to help this woman to the u.s. a few years later , when she wanted to study law at the university of miami . the post has identified ' girlfriend 1 ' as 34-year-old juliana lopes leite , who once appeared on brazil 's version of big brother and posed nude in several magazines before her move to the u.s. to become a lawyer . the indictment says menendez knew leite was one of melgen 's paramours when he agreed to help with her visa application , ordering his adviser lopes to write a letter in the woman 's favor to the state department . in the letter , lopes wrote that leite ' ( no relation to me ) has her visa application appointment in brasilia , brazil , tomorrow . . . sen. menendez would like to advocate unconditionally for dr. melgen and encourage careful consideration of [ girlfriend 1 ] ’s visa application . ' the state department got back to menendez 's office in just a few hours later and the following day leite 's visa was approved . she graduated from the university of miami in 2011 , and still resides in the city as a lawyer . melgen is also facing charges in the indictment unsealed this month , in addition to separate 76-count indictment for medicaid fraud . he remains behind bars at the federal detention center in miami after being deemed a flight risk . meanwhile , menendez continues his role as chairman of the senate foreign relations committee and has raised $ 1.3million for his legal defense fund . 