charles barnhoorn , who was found dead in his bedroom at the family home after a weekend of taking the drug nitrous oxide . a 20-year-old man killed himself days after inhaling hundreds of cans of so-called ' hippy crack ' at a weekend-long party . charles barnhoorn , a telesales call handler , took hundreds canisters of nitrous oxide - a legal high party drug commonly known as nos - before taking his own life . he was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in kingsteignton in devon by his heartbroken mother susan . at an inquest into his death , torbay coroner ian arrow recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation . detective constable sam tressider of devon and cornwall cid , who investigated the death told the hearing that a computer was found switched on in mr barnhoorn 's bedroom with a website ' appearing to make references to ways to commit suicide . ' detective constable sam tressider , of devon and cornwall cid , investigated the death . he told the torquay inquest that a computer in his room was on and a website ‘ appeared to make reference to ways to commit suicide’ . the hearing also heard that mr barnhoorn had been a recreational drug user from the age of 16 , taking mephedrone , which had led him to being depressed . but by 20 he had turned his life around with his mother , mrs barnhoorn saying : ' he was fit and well and everything in his life seemed balanced . ' he had been to a party all that weekend and had been taking gas . ' this wouldn’t have happened if he had not taken all the nos . he’d had his problems with recreational drugs in the past but he wasn’t depressed at the time . ' it was a spur of the moment decision , made under the influence of a legal high . ' after the hearing she also spoke out about the dangers of nitrous oxide , calling for a crackdown on how easy it is to buy . she explained : ' i want to warn young people and mums and dads about the dangers . ' we need to address the issue of legal highs as soon as possible . they are killing our children . mr barnhoorn pictured with his mother susan . she has now spoken out about the dangers of taking ' hippy crack ' . ' they are still too readily available . if charlie had not been able to buy nos gas canisters by the hundred online he would still be here smiling and laughing with us . ' i would like to see some sort of restrictions but i don’t know if that’s possible as anyone can buy vast quantities online . ' i just want people to stay safe and not go through what i have . ' the use of hippy crack is widespread among partygoers around britain and is the second most popular drug for young people after cannabis . it has a legal use in dentistry and medical procedures as an anaesthetic and also in the food industry for aerosol containers . footballer raheem sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as ' hippy crack ' . drugs charities have highlighted the dangers of so-called ' hippy crack ' after footballer raheem sterling was filmed apparently inhaling the drug . footage emerged yesterday which appears to show the liverpool and england winger breathing in nitrous oxide before passing out as giggling friends look on . drugs charity re-solv has called on the ' role model ' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health . the anti-drugs organisation 's spokesman , stephen ream , told mailonline : ' it 's very disappointing from our point of view . he is a big role model and we hate to see this kind of stuff from someone of his status . ' players in similar situations in the past have come out and apologised and we hope he does the same . ' nitrous oxide is not the most dangerous drug out there but there are deaths attached to it . there are risks and we would urge anyone tempted to take it not to do so . ' drugs experts have warned revellers against inhaling nitrous oxide from balloons because it starves the brain of oxygen .