'insta-fame ' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs , according to leading australian modelling agencies . while being beautiful , fit and healthy is expected , it 's all about a demand for the ' influencer ' now . thanks to the proliferation of social media , in order for modelling agencies to keep up with client demand , ' influencer ' and ' blogger ' divisions are now being added to their traditional model portfolio . general manager of vivien 's models catherine mcgill told daily mail australia that they launched an ' influencers ' section two months ago because of the growing need to accommodate client demand for social media numbers . scroll down for video . influencer : gigi hadid is one of many in-demand models whose social media following is as much a draw card as her good looks for clients booking her on jobs . self-made model : mimi elashiry turned her social media following into a modelling career . big on instagram : elashiry has almost 700,000 followers . ' our bookers were giving me feedback that clients wanted models who might be blonde , beachy and had a high social media following , ' she said . ' now when we’re booking talent , in negotiation process , we talk about the girls numbers . ' mcgill says the average expectation of clients will range anywhere between 10,000 - 300,000 followers . 'it’s not hard and fast number , but 10,000 is the minimum number clients are asking for , ' she said . ' so if models are getting up to that , they might get added to our ' influencer ' page . ' joseph tenni of chadwick models told news.com.au that 'it’s not unusual for a client to ask “ how many followers does she have ? ” before they ask what they look like . ' chic management also started a ' blogger ' management division two years ago . of influencer : prestigious model agency vivien 's has introduced an ' influencer ' page noting their models ' social media stats . ' that line of just being a model is being blurred ' : bloggers and influencers are now being snapped up by agencies capitalising on their following . general manager paul thomas says it 's now where all the money is being spent , with clients seeking hard and fast brand promotion . ' if you think about it , your brand can send their product straight to someone 's pocket rather than printing a catalogue in store and waiting for a customer go collect it . ' thomas told daily mail australia it 's all about the elusive ' cool girl ' appeal . ' influencers are like a captain of the ship - because there is so much information out there , people turn to models , fashion people and talent and begin liking what they are liking . ' ' we do have clients that book in a traditional sense , but new up-and-coming brands want a ‘ cool girl’ with vast social numbers that they can book a campaign off the back of the model 's social media , ' he said . it 's this combination of ' cool girl ' meets followers and a 'lust-have ' lifestyle that thomas said is really drawing in clients , and models are now being trained how to self-promote on their instagram to get work . international : american alexis ren has over 1.6million followers , and is in demand down under as much for her looks as her army of followers . ' now that line of just being a model is being blurred , people want to know about the model but it 's got to be organic , you can smell when it’s all a bit too staged , ' he said . thomas said health and fitness is very ' on brand ' at the moment , so that 's something the girls are encouraged to promote , which most of them naturally will as they stay in shape . ' with new faces we sit down with them and do social media training , to make sure those girls are representing us as well . we don’t need them to be serious posters , just once or twice a day , or one every day . ' chic manage american model alexis ren , who has over 1.6 million followers and has shot previous campaigns for australian label general pants . ' she has 1.6 million followers , a huge following in australia , her boyfriend is this amazingly good looking surfie and her instagram is a mood board that makes you want to be on holidays with them . ' thomas said it 's a coup for australian brands because she is not only 5’8 , beautiful and blonde but she is 'insta-famous ' , has an increase of 45,000 followers per week and has a boyfriend with almost a million followers , so they have the tools they need to sell her as a talent . chic management also says bloggers like sarah donaldson from harper and harley and brooke testoni have scored major campaigns with oral b and pandora based on their social outreach and style .