tim bresnan insists a good start to the domestic season with lv= county championship holders yorkshire could help him make a case for an england test recall . bresnan last played in the england whites during the 5-0 ashes defeat in the winter of 2013/14 , though in recent months he enjoyed a pre-world cup training session with the squad in australia and also turned out for the england lions on their tour of south africa . more importantly perhaps , the double ashes-winner helped end yorkshire 's 13-year wait for a title last season , taking 30 wickets in 10 games at an average of 31.57 and making 95 against nottinghamshire on the day the championship was clinched . tim bresnan is keen to give england 's selectors no choice but to pick him with wickets and runs for yorkshire . the right-arm quick last played in whites for england during the ashes whitewash of winter 2013/14 . with new zealand and australia still to come this year , the headingley faithful 's belief of ' strong yorkshire , strong england ' is already showing good signs with six white rose players currently on tour in the west indies . bresnan says : ' the only thing i can do is get runs and take wickets for yorkshire ' . and when asked if he would like to make it number seven , bresnan said , ' that 's up to the selectors . ' ' if i do get a load of wickets at the start of the season and get a few runs then i put my case forward , that 's all i can do - then it 's up to the selectors . ' obviously , the only thing i can do is get runs and take wickets for yorkshire . ' that 's what i 'm looking to do . whatever happens after that we 'll just let it play out . ' we 're defending champions , so we 're going to do our utmost to defend the title . ' if we play the consistent cricket we did last year - which we are capable of - we 'll be there and thereabouts again . ' bresnan did take a step towards that good start on wednesday , when he reached 400 first-class wickets during yorkshire 's game against leeds-bradford mccu at headingley . but regardless of his own selection , bresnan is confident england can put in a good showing against new zealand and australia after a turbulent year that also included an early world cup exit . ' i think we 'll do well , ' bresnan said . ' i think they 've got all the talent . yorkshire captain andrew gale celebrates as yorkshire beat notts to win the 2014 lv county championship . yorkshire go to worcestershire on apil 14 for the first match of their four-day title defence . ' they just need to start implementing it , start applying that talent and playing good attacking cricket . they are very capable of doing it . ' bresnan did express his disappointment at england 's tour matches against st kitts and nevis , where some of the three lions side have padded up for the hosts in a bid to give the bowlers a higher-quality challenge . ' obviously , they 've tried to make the best of a bad situation , ' he said . ' it 's very difficult when you go on tour and you do n't get decent opposition to practice games . ' but at the end of the day there 's nothing england can do about it . ' 