an alberta student who 'd accidentally left his headlights on all day was greeted by what may have been the world 's friendliest note from a stranger when he returned to his car . but derek murray , a university of alberta law student , found more than just the note that cold november day in edmonton -- he also found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead acura back to life . now that murray 's life-affirming tale has now gone viral , he says ' it just shows you how such a pure act of kindness from one person can just spread through everyone and help make everyone’s day a little brighter . ' good samaritan : a friendly stranger left this unbelievably friendly letter to alberta law student derek murray in order to help him get his car started after he left the headlights on all day . at first , though , he assumed the letter was from an angry fellow motorist , he told the national post . ' when i first saw the note , i was expecting it to be an angry letter from someone telling me not to park there . instead , i got someone just totally brightening my day . my day could have been ruined but , because of this guy , it was the highlight of my day . ' the note reads , in part : i noticed you left your lights on . the battery will probably not have enough charge to start your vehicle . i left a blue extension cord on the fence and a battery charger beside the fence in the cardboard box . if you know how to hook it up , use it to start your car . what followed was a detailed explanation of how to use the equipment . ' sure enough , ' derek recalled to the national post , ' i looked over at the house my car was parked beside , and there was a blue extension cord plugged into an outlet behind the guy’s house with a battery charger right there beside it . ' derek was able to get his car started , but when he rang the good samaritan 's doorbell , there was no answer . so , derek left his own note as a thank you for the kind gesture . he later snapped a photo of the stranger 's friendly note to post to facebook , where it has now gone viral . the note has been viewed millions of times and even edmonton mayor don iveson retweeted the photo . derek snapped a photo of the note for facebook and it has since gone viral . e ' it just shows you how such a pure act of kindness from one person can just spread through everyone and help make everyone’s day a little brighter , ’ derek said .   