ed miliband made his first appearance on the campaign trail in three days this morning after going to ground over the easter weekend . the labour leader was out campaigning in bristol this morning – his first public appearance since saturday . while mr miliband decided to take the weekend off to spend time with his family – his political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day . scroll down for video . ed miliband made his first appearance on the campaign trail in over 72 hours this morning after going to ground over the easter weekend . while mr miliband decided to take the weekend off to spend time with his family – his political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day . after a low-key day campaigning in his constituency in doncaster on saturday , the labour leader spent all of sunday and monday with his family . labour election chiefs have reportedly calculated that it is better to keep a low profile outside of the live tv debates , where he can speak directly to voters . there have already been rumblings of discontent in the party over the amount of time mr miliband appears to be spending preparing for the debates . after a low-key day campaigning in his constituency in doncaster on saturday , the labour leader spent all of sunday and monday with his family . at the same time , david cameron , nick clegg , nigel farage and nicola sturgeon was prominent on the campaign trail . the prime minister was pictured kissing an orphaned lamb on easter sunday , and he delivered a major speech on the economy on bank holiday monday yesterday . mr clegg spent easter sunday with his family , but he made a series of campaign visits yesterday . david cameron - greeted in belfast by tory minister theresa villiers - is on a whirlwind tour of the uk his wife samantha - visiting scotland , wales , northern ireland and england . mr cameron , holding his wife 's hand , visited the titanic studios in belfast , where they saw the film sets for the tv drama game of thrones . the prime minister visited edinburgh this morning - where he tucked into breakfast with samantha . both mr cameron and mr clegg recorded televised easter messages , while the labour leader only posted a statement to facebook . the prime minister has also ramped up his campaigning today – visiting constituencies in all four countries of the united kingdom while mr miliband is appearing at an event in bristol . a number of labour mps are concerned at mr miliband’s decision to appear in a third tv debate a week on thursday . the showdown – dubbed the ‘ challengers debate’ – will not feature the prime minister or his mr clegg , leaving the labour leader open to attacks from the snp , plaid and the greens . one mp said it was ‘madness’ for him to take part in the debate minor parties without the tories and lib dems . liberal democrat leader nick clegg works while traveling on a train to the north west of england while on the campaign trail . nigel farage - who was campaigning in kent yesterday - met workers at bird and yates car repairs during campaigning in cannock in the midlands today . first minister of scotland and leader of the snp nicola sturgeon met with residents of livingston , west lothian . a labour source told the telegraph : ‘ we understand that there are different views but we took a simple decision : the more people see a man with the energy , principles and the ideas to change britain the better it is . ‘ and the more opportunity we can have to speak directly with the public the better it is . ‘ you can gameplay 100 different scenarios but if someone offers us 90 minutes of airtime to talk to the public , if he has a chance to talk to millions of people , we should take it . ’ mr miliband this morning used his first campaign appearance since saturday to launch a fresh attack on the tory record on the nhs . the labour leader said a & e waiting times had soared because the government had failed to keep gp surgeries open at evenings and weekends . addressing an audience in bristol , he said : ‘ the nhs can not go forward if queues to see your gp are stretching backwards and i believe that britain can do a lot better than people waiting day after day for basic healthcare . that 's what our plan will do . ’ while ed miliband went to ground yesterday , the prime minister hit the campaign trail - visiting supporters in poole , dorset . ukip leader nigel farage was also out campaigning yesterday , on bank holiday monday , visiting families in south thanet , kent . mr cameron meanwhile was on a whirlwind tour visiting all four nations of the uk in a day . he kicked off his aeroplane tour in edinburgh , visiting the scottish widows headquarters for breakfast with wife samantha . the prime minister chatted to staff about pension changes as he tucked into haggis , egg and fried bread , while mrs cameron had a bacon roll . he was later due to fly to wales before addressing a rally of supporters in the south-west of england . ahead of the 600-mile trip , mr cameron insisted he had a ‘ simple message’ . he said : ‘ we have one month to save our economy from the disaster of an ed miliband government . ‘ we have one month to save britain from his mountain of debt ; one month to save britain from his punitive taxes ; one month to save britain , and british families , from his anti-business and anti-aspiration agenda . ’ the premier said britain had been put back on its feet over the past five years , adding all four parts of the uk were now growing .