a roma gang accused of selling a newborn to a childless couple for £6,500 and a car has told a french court that the child was ' a gift ' . four roma men and women appeared in a marseille court today , accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar ' baby sales ' . six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents described as ' a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births ' . human trafficking : carmen and mike gorgan , pictured speaking to their lawyer in the courtroom of marseille 's criminal court today , are accused of paying a roma gang £6,500 and a bmw for newborn baby boy tony . at the centre of the scandal was ilie ionita , a 35-year-old romanian , and co-conspirators valeriu rosu , 42 , florian stan , 33 , and florin coman 25 . all face up to 10 years in prison and fines equivalent to more than £1million . they deny the charges against them , saying the babies were ' a gift ' . the only defendant not in court was fana moses , the 32-year-old mother of the baby boy called tony whom the gang sold . in july 2013 , marseille detectives received an anonymous tip that a romanian woman had just given birth and had given the child to mike and carmen gorgan , aged 27 and 28 . the four accused roma gang members deny the charges against them , saying the babies were ' a gift ' . both were accused of ' complicity in human trafficking ' , but their lawyer , patrick gontart , insisted : ' they do not believe they have done anything wrong ' . the roma gang was arrested as they prepared to board a flight from italy back to romania . at first all denied that money or good had been exchanged , but it was quickly established that mr gorgan had handed over 9000 euros ( £6,565 ) and the bmw to ionita . mr gontart said : ' for a month and a half , carmen behaved like tony 's mother and was very well treated . ' he said the couple had ' fallen into the trap of many european couples . these are good people who are now unhappy because their child has been placed in a home . ' documents including identity cards were falsified to try and make it look like the parents who bought the baby were the biological mother and father . they had been trying for children unsuccessfully for ten years , the court heard . at least three other cases of babies being sold were then tracked down , both on the french mediterranean island of corsica and on the mainland . in all , two boys were sold , while other transactions broke down . all of the children are now back with their biological mothers , or else have been taken into care by social services . oicem , the organisation against modern slavery , is a civil party in the case – one which it says highlights the growing problem of poor immigrants offering children for sale . referring to baby tony 's case , oicem director nagham hriech said : ' there was canvassing , exchange and even negotiations . ' the case , which is expected to last two days at marseille correctional court , continues .