a quick-thinking 10-year-old helped deliver her baby sister at home using vital tips from television 's ' one born every minute ' - after she secretly watched the programme against her parents ' wishes . trinity culley , from fingringhoe , essex , used the knowledge she gained from watching the baby-birthing programme which she secretly viewed in her bedroom after her mother told her it was too graphic . but when her mother dee culley 's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule , she sprang into action . trinity culley ( second from left ) , pictured with her mother dee and siblings samuel ( left ) , jade ( right ) and jasmin elizabeth-rose , who she delivered when her mother went into labour two weeks early . whilst her dad terry , 34 , was on the phone desperately trying to arrange for a lift to hospital trinity calmly collected towels and reassured her mum everything would be okay . within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister , jasmin elizabeth-rose , who arrived in the family 's front room weighing 7lb 1oz . mrs culley said : ' my waters had broken and my husband was on the phone to get his mum to take us to hospital . ' but by the time she got here , the baby had already been born . ' when it all started happening , trinity turned to me and said : `` it 's ok mum , i have seen one born every minute . i 'll go get the towels . '' ' she was just amazing . words ca n't express how proud i am of her . i think a lot girls of her age would not have been so calm and known what to do . ' the 10-year-old used the knowledge she gained from watching one born every minute to deliver her baby sister ( pictured together ) . mrs culley said she has since given her daughter a ticking off for secretly watching ' one born every minute ' , the series set on a hospital 's labour ward . she added : ' trinity just turned and said to me : `` but mum , if i had n't , i would n't have known what to do '' . ' mrs culley , who now has four children , described how her husband was on the phone to the 999 operator as she gave birth . she added : ' they asked him : `` how far along is she ? '' and i could hear him saying : `` she 's got two weeks left '' . ' then he was saying : `` i can see a face , oh and there 's a body '' . an ambulance arrived between five and ten minutes later , but we had pretty much done everything for them . ' she and her newborn baby were checked over , but neither needed treatment . the couple have four children - trinity , jade , 2 , samuel , 1 , and their new arrival jasmin elizabeth rose , who was born on march 31 . trinity calmly collected towels and reassured her mother that everything would be okay after mrs culley 's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule . trinity , 10 , knew how to deliver the baby after gaining vital tips from the tv programme one born every minute ( pictured ) .