showcasing a pair of toned arms and a pretty decolletage , the strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as jennifer aniston and gwyneth paltrow . but can a woman with 34g curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress ? secret support . lace pencil dress , £169 , monsoon.co.uk . blue caged heels , £39.99 , zara.com . i would never have believed that a strapless dress might make me look smaller than i am . this one manages the impossible . the narrow skirt clings to my hips and legs , making me look taller and slimmer , and the bustline is quite high , hiding the cleavage which gives a nice demure look . what i really like is the scalloped edge of the dress against the bust and at the hem , which softens the silhouette . but while looking summery , the lace fabric actually gives quite a lot of secret support , boosted by the chantelle strapless bra i wear underneath all the dresses . great for summer weddings . 4/5 . one for teens . prom-style dress , £58.99 , chichiclothing.com . gold sandals , £34,99 , newlook.com . this might look lovely on a teenage girl , but on me — eek ! at 48 i’m at least 30 years too old to carry it off . the material is flimsy and there’s almost no structure , so my bust looks horribly saggy . and the full skirt makes me look as large around the bottom as i am on top — not a good look . forget dream prom dress — this is a nightmare . 1/5 . flattering and comfy . floral maxi dress , £72 , asos.com . the large , floral pattern that adorns this floaty maxi dress is the key to its flattering effect . it distracts the eye which instantly slims you . this is a relaxed , 1970s style , so anything too fitted would look out of place . the best thing is how comfortable it feels . you could wear it anywhere — to the beach , to a garden party , or to an evening do . a winner , and at a great price , too . 5/5 . short ... but not sweet . mini dress , £45 , riverisland.com ; strap-heeled sandals , £39.99 , zara.com . this clings well and gives me a neat waistline . the bandeau-style top is supportive of my bust while slimming it down . but below the waist it’s a different story . quite frankly , the skirt is far too short . i’ve always believed you have to choose between showing off your boobs or your legs : doing both veers far too close to tarty for my liking . i’d have given this dress full marks if it had been ten inches longer . 2/5 . oscar worthy . double layer maxi dress , £110 , jarlolondon.co.uk . this clever design has a double layer : the lining clings tightly , but the top layer skims over the chest for a classier silhouette . the overall look is statuesque and grecian . the vibrant orange shade makes it the perfect choice for a summer party — it would look fab with a tan . in it , i feel like cameron diaz going up for an oscar . i’m ready for my close-up . 5/5 . i look so slim . sweetheart neckline dress , £150 , coast-stores.com ; heels . £485 , biondacastana.com . this sophisticated little summery frock has a sweetheart neckline , which curves down to show a bit of cleavage and then rises up to cover the breasts on either side , striking the perfect balance between flirtiness and discretion . as well as being flattering , the bodice is structured and well-made , minimising my bust and giving plenty of support where it’s needed — there’s no way i’ll be falling out of this frock . the clingy pencil skirt has the same miraculous effect , slimming down my bottom and hips , and falling flatteringly below the knee . i can certainly imagine myself going to a summer wedding in this little green number . 4/5 .    