whether or not a person suffers hearing loss due to loud noise may depend on their genes , research suggests . noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses and members of the armed forces are particularly vulnerable . in 2013 , the us department of veterans affairs reported hearing loss as one of the most common ailments among veterans receiving disability compensation . noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses , doctors have warned . now , however , scientists at the university of southern california believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition . they have identified a gene , named nox3 , found in the inner ear , that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss . their research , looking at the dna of mice exposed to noise , is the first published genome-wide association study on noise-induced hearing loss in mice . as a result of the findings , those at higher , genetic risk for hearing loss can decide whether to take precautionary measures to protect their hearing prior to hazardous noise exposure , the study authors say . ' understanding the biological processes that affect susceptibility to hearing loss due to loud noise exposure is an important factor in reducing the risk , ' said lead study author professor rick friedman . ' we have made great advances in hearing restoration , but nothing can compare to protecting the hearing you have and preventing hearing loss in the first place . ' scientists have identified a gene , named nox3 , found in the inner ear , that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss . while some gene association studies on noise-induced hearing loss in people have been conducted in the past , all were very small and their results unreplicated . genome wide association studies search the entire dna for common mutations to see if any of those are linked with a trait . mouse genome wide association studies have lead to the discovery of hundreds of genes involved in complex traits that have immediate relevance to people . the study was published in the journal plos genetics . an earlier version of this piece existed but has now been amended .