former afl star ben cousins left court with a smug smirk on his face following a morning spent in handcuffs and in police custody before he finally fronted court . cousins smiled as he left fremantle magistrates court , despite the magistrate labelling him ' a risk to the public ' and warning him that he now faces a jail term for the ' serious ' offences he has committed . ' it does n't matter if you 're mother theresa or jack the ripper , ' magistrate steven malley told cousins in court on thursday , according to abc news . ' you commit those offences and the legislation says you have to go to jail . ' i accept you have issues but i can not allow the public to be put at risk . ' scroll down for video . former afl star ben cousins is handcuffed as he arrives at court on thursday , 24 hours after failing to face a magistrate over driving charges . with a smirk on his face ben cousins , a former afl player , leaves perth 's fremantle court on thursday . cousins handed himself in to police after failing to make a court appearance over traffic charges . cousins was supposed to appear in court to face reckless driving charges on wednesday morning but he failed to show up . his lawyer adain craus represented him during the session and claimed the former west coast eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments . the magistrate had ordered cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm wst or an arrest warrant would be issued . the arrest warrant was issued and on thursday morning the former afl star , perth-based cousins surrendered himself at fremantle police station . there are reports he is likely to face court later on thursday . the 2005 brownlow medallist was arrested on march 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from bicton to mosman park . when cousins finally appeared in court , magistrate malley told cousins his decision not to front up was the wrong one , ascertaining cousins had followed the ' unwise ' advice of his lawyer , mr craus . ' when you 're on bail you 're under an obligation to appear , unless you 're strapped to a bed on a drip , ' magistrate malley said in court . magistrate malley pointed out that there was no legitimate conflict of appointment as court had been scheduled for a 10am start , whilst cousins ' appointment was not until midday . the court session would only have lasted a matter of minutes , leading the magistrate to assume cousins had been advised not to appear in court by mr craus . cousins had been on bail and was supposed to appear in fremantle magistrates court on wednesday morning but he failed to show up . his lawyer claimed the former west coast eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments . cousins , 36 , who has a history of substance abuse , has made headlines several times in the past fortnight after a string of alleged incidents . he was arrested on march 11 after police saw him driving erratically in bicton and was eventually caught several suburbs away in mosman park . he was charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test . cousins has twice been hospitalised for mental health assessments following that incvident - the first time after he breached security at an sas base in swanbourne . the second time followed seemingly bizarre behaviour in canning vale , including climbing on the roof of a house . the former west coast eagles captain has not been charged over those incidents . cousins retired from the afl in 2010 . he was charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test . the 2005 brownlow medallist was arrested on march 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from bicton to mosman park . cousins played 270-games with west coast and richmond during his career in the australian football league . ben cousins and former partner maylea tinecheff pictured on a new idea magazine cover in 2011 . footage emerged this week showing cousins running through the streets away from police . cousins was spotted climbing onto the roof of a two-storey home in perth on monday .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .