chris sutton has told the sfa they must hold bungling officials to account . the former celtic striker has branded additional official alan muir ' idiotic ' for failing to see a handball by inverness caley thistle defender josh meekings in sunday 's scottish cup semi-final . meekings is now fighting a ban from the scottish cup final following a notice of complaint from the sfa compliance officer . inverness defender josh meekings ( left ) blocks a goal-bound header from leigh griffiths ( right ) with his hand . celtic's aleksandar tonev ( centre ) surges forward with the ball during the scottish cup semi-final . former hoops striker chris sutton ( pictured in 2005 ) has called for more accountability for officials . insisting the officials should not escape scot free either , however , sutton says muir should be kept away from high-profile games if he 's not up to the job . ' there 's not a conspiracy theory or anything like that , ' he insisted . ' it was just an absolute shocker . i just ca n't work out what he was thinking . ' it was just idiotic how he did n't see it . it was n't a conspiracy , i just ca n't remember a decision that bad from someone standing so close . ' there is no way he could have thought that ball hit the player on the head , he must be an idiot not to see it . it 's just ridiculous . ' a goal ahead at the time , celtic reacted to ' supporter pressure ' by writing to the sfa seeking clarification on the failure of referee steven mclean to award a penalty and send meekings off . sutton infamously triggered a huge row in 2003 when he accused dunfermline of ' lying down ' to rangers to pip celtic to the title on the final day . insisting sunday was a question of incompetence rather than integrity , however , he added : ' it 's not a conspiracy , it 's just a rubbish and inept decision . ' it should n't happen and it does n't reflect well on the scottish game if decisions like that are made . ' i do n't know if maybe he ( muir ) panicked , but he has a job to do and if he is not up to the job — which he clearly was n't — then he should n't do it again . ' you can understand the frustration of the celtic fans and players and the manager 's frustration . ' i 'm not saying that changes the perception of what ronny deila has done . as the season has gone on celtic have got stronger — but you have to say it 's a chance to win a treble missed due to not just a poor decision , but an awful one . ' celtic captain scott brown ( left ) appeals to referee steven mclean during the scottish cup semi-final . celtic 's adam matthews ( right ) slides in with a strong challenge on nick ross ( left ) during sunday 's game . speaking at a charity golf day for the john hartson foundation , sutton echoed his former team-mate in querying the club 's decision to write to the sfa — an action which has infuriated fans of other clubs . ' the sfa will write back and just say he did n't see , ' he continued . ' you know what 's going to happen and it 's a waste of a stamp . ' i think celtic will be harbouring grudges for quite some time — and quite rightly so . ' hartson added : ' i ca n't fathom out what celtic are going to gain by writing a letter to the sfa . ' celtic pair tonev ( left ) and john guidetti ( right ) look dejected following their semi-final defeat by inverness . 