being underweight in mid-life could increase your risk of dementia , claim researchers . a new study shows you are a third more likely to be diagnosed with diseases such as alzheimer 's than those of a healthy weight . obese people appear to be protected against dementia , with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight . the findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested that being fat – with a high body mass index ( bmi ) - could raise the risk . a new study shows underweight people are a third more likely to be diagnosed with diseases such as alzheimer 's than those of a healthy weight ( file photo ) . study author , professor stuart pocock , from the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine , said doctors and policymakers may have to re-think how to best identify those at high risk of dementia . he said ' we also need to pay attention to the causes and public health consequences of the link between underweight and increased dementia risk which our research has established . ' ' however , our results also open up an intriguing new avenue in the search for protective factors for dementia - if we can understand why people with a high bmi have a reduced risk of dementia , it 's possible that further down the line , researchers might be able to use these insights to develop new treatments for dementia . ' other experts said more research was needed , and the way gps used to diagnose dementia may have skewed the results . researchers based at the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine and oxon epidemiology , also in london , analysed patient information recorded during routine general practice over nearly two decades . data on 1,958,191 patients aged 55 on average with a bmi of 26.5 on average - just within the range usually classed as overweight - were examined . bmi is assessed by comparing height to weight , in a calculation which divides weight in kilos by height in metres squared . a healthy score is between 18.5 and 24.99 – above is overweight and obese . the study regarded bmi of less than 20 as underweight . after nine years follow-up , 45,507 people were diagnosed with dementia . researchers found people who were underweight in middle age were 34 per cent more likely to be diagnosed with dementia than those of a healthy weight . the findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested that being fat – with a high body mass index ( bmi ) - could raise the risk ( file photo ) . as people 's bmi increased , the risk of dementia fell , with very obese people having a bmi greater than 40 less likely to develop the condition than those of normal weight . the link was not affected by the decade in which patients were born , age at diagnosis , alcohol use or smoking . the new research was published in the lancet diabetes and endocrinology journal ( must credit ) . dr nawab qizilbash , from oxon epidemiology in london , said the reasons why high bmi might lead to a lower risk of dementia are not clear . ' many different issues related to diet , exercise , frailty , genetic factors and weight change could play a part ' he said . prof tom dening , professor of dementia research , university of nottingham , said limitations of the study included poor dementia diagnosis rates by gps at the time . he said ' it is plausible that faced with a grossly obese patient , the average gp may have concentrated on the obvious medical risks and paid less attention to the cognitive issues than they might have done with a comparable patient of normal weight . ' or maybe the gp did n't refer them to a memory clinic but sent them to see a gastroenterologist or diabetologist instead . ' in other words , the study may be telling us something about the diagnostic practices of gps , as much about the natural history of metabolic disease and dementia . ' dr doug brown , director of research and development at alzheimer 's society , said ' previous research has suggested that being overweight in midlife increases risk of developing the condition and yet this study suggests that it may actually be protective . ' this mixed picture highlights the difficulty of conducting studies into the complex lifestyle risk factors for dementia and reinforces the need for further research . dr simon ridley , head of research at alzheimer 's research uk , said ' there is currently no sure-fire way to prevent dementia . ' in the meantime , evidence suggests that we can reduce the risk by eating a healthy , balanced diet , exercising regularly , not smoking , and keeping blood pressure in check . 