some 35,000 gathered on the white house south lawn monday morning for the 137th annual easter egg roll festivities . pop band fifth harmony and duo mkto brought music to the event , and mrs obama joined the so you think you can dance all stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine . this comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon during a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 . on monday , another highlight of the day 's festivities was mr obama 's annual reading of his favorite childhood book where the wild things are , which he has done since 2009 . however , this year there was a disturbance when bees started buzzing near the children gathered for story-time on the south lawn . not breaking character , mr obama settled the shrieking children by saying : ' if you 're a wild thing , you ca n't be scared of bees ! ' moves : the first lady busts out her best dance moves to join the so you think you can dance all stars on stage at the easter egg roll . style : the first lady took the spotlight during the performance as she added her own flair to the choreographed routine . uptown funk : mrs obama displays her moves during the routine , only days after she joined jimmy fallon on the tonight show where she danced in a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 . gimmefive : the theme of this year 's easter egg roll is ' gimmefive ' which is part of the first lady 's campaign to get people to be more active . this year 's theme is # gimmefive , which is part of mrs. obama 's campaign to try to get young people to be more active and lead healthier lives . however , president obama did confess to having a bit of not-so-healthy easter chocolate when asked by a reporter at the event . ' i had a few , i have to admit , ' mr obama said . notably not in attendance were first daughters sasha , 13 , and malia , 16 , obama . the president said they were occupied by ' a little school stuff going on ' . grrrrr : president obama reads from the children 's classic where the wild things are during monday 's easter egg roll on the white house south lawn . ' let the wild rumpus start ! ' : each year , the president reads the book which was a childhood favorite . be brave : at one point , bees were bothering some of the children gathered to hear the president read , and he refused to break character , saying ' if you 're a wild thing , you ca n't be scared of bees ! what a crowd : an estimated 35,000 came to the white house south lawn monday for the annual easter egg roll . celebrating spring : above , the scene on the white house 's south lawn monday morning as the easter egg roll kicked off . monday 's events included sports and fitness zones , cooking demonstrations , and of course , the traditional egg roll in which kids compete to move their egg to the finish line first using only a wooden spoon . staying true to the roll 's theme , the president kept active during the event , playing tennis with danish racket star caroline wozniacki and basketball with members of the washington wizards . despite all the pick-up games he stages on the south lawn courts , mr obama appears not to have improved his game much since he was hit in the head while shooting hoops monday . let the good times roll : president barack obama opens the annual white house easter egg roll on monday morning . getting the party started : mrs obama ( center ) checks out the crowd of 35,000 as her husband and the easter bunny wave . white house tradition : the president looks anxious to get the roll started on monday , standing next to the easter bunny . bo and sunny along for the fun : the president and mrs obama walk down to the south lawn with the family dogs bo and sunny for the easter fun . bunny-in-chief : the easter bunny photobombs a serious president obama in this shot from monday 's easter egg roll . according to a usa today reporter , ' a ball very lightly hit potus in the face when he was standing under the basket catching rebounds , and wizards ' paul pierce seemed to apologize for that . ' a malayan flying fox named kamilah , was also brought in to teach the children about bats and their ecosystems . for this year 's celebrations , the white house collaborated with snapchat and asked attendees to send out pictures on the social media app so that people around the world can follow along . it 's a race ! president obama and the first lady watch as young boys and girls participate in the easter egg roll . and they 're off ! mr obama blows a whistle to signal the start of the easter egg roll where children compete to move an egg down a course the fastest using only a wooden spoon . the egg roll is one of the longest-standing white house traditions . in 1878 , a sympathetic president rutherford b. hayes opened the white house grounds to local children for egg rolling when lawmakers passed a law banning the game from capitol grounds . the easter egg roll is free and tickets are distributed via a lottery to families with children 12 and under . good game : president obama shakes the hand of a young participant in the easter egg roll on monday . tender moment : president obama greets a young guest during the white house easter egg roll on the south lawn of the white house on monday . hoops : president obama stands with bilqis abdul-qaadir , a female muslim american collegiate basketball player for the university of memphis , after both played on basketball court at monday 's easter egg roll . swoosh : president obama shrugs after shooting a basket during monday 's pick-up game on the white house south lawn . easter tunes : the members of the girl group fifth harmony serenade the crowd from the white house on monday . however , one of the children in attendance monday was invited by president obama himself . a 9-year-old girl named sofia , from massachusetts , made headlines last year when she sent a letter to the president , asking him why there were n't any women on u.s. currency . the president responded to the adorable letter and told little sofia she had a great idea and had come up with a list of outstanding women . each president has put his own spin on the event , such as president jimmy carter who added a petting zoo in 1977 . dressed to the nines : a little girl in her best easter wear rolls a blue egg with a wooden spoon at monday 's festivities . taking part in the tradition : the easter egg roll is one of the white house 's long-standing traditions , dating back to president rutherford b hayes ' administration in 1878 . competitive : the theme of this year 's event was let 's move , so it was only appropriate that the president break a sweat with tennis star caroline wozniacki . sportsmanship : wozniacki and the president exchange a friendly high five after their game of tennis on monday . strong backhand : the president stuck to the baseline and kept his eye on the ball during the rally . good play : president obama reacts with surprise after scoring a point against the danish tennis star . oh say can they sing ! the id4girls perform the national anthem at the beginning of the easter egg roll on monday . happy family : while first the president 's daughter 's malia ( left ) and sasha ( right ) were no where to be seen at the easter egg roll on monday , they did pose for an easter portrait with their parents on sunday .