gabby giffords and her astronaut husband were seen jetting out of los angeles on thursday ahead of the easter weekend after taking a trip to visit his former space shuttle . the inspirational ms giffords , 44 , walked through the airport in california using a cane , hard-won steps that show her continued progress four years after she survived an attempted assassination in tucson , arizona . the former u.s. representative , who is now an advocate for gun control , was accompanied by her husband , retired astronaut mark kelly , on the trip , and a young woman who carried several bags . gabrielle giffords walked through the la airport using a cane on thursday alongside a young woman , showing her continued remarkable progress four years after she survived an attempted assassination . ms giffords , who was shot in the head by a gunman as she made a speech at a supermarket in tucson , arizona , is now a passionate advocate for gun control . gabrielle giffords walks with the help of a cane through an airport in los angeles . the former u.s. representative continues to make progress after she almost died in an assassination attempt four years ago . ms giffords posted a picture on social media on wednesday of the couple visiting the space shuttle endeavour at the california science center in la . the picture was captioned : ' so fun to see the awesome space shuttle endeavour with the awesome guy who flew it , captain mark kelly ! ' kelly also shared the snap and wrote : ' good to be back with gabby giffords at the california science center to see space shuttle endeavour . my old shuttle - and still my favorite . ' last week , the couple had watch at the johnson space center in texas as mark 's identical twin brother , astronaut scott kelly , blasted off aboard a russian soyuz rocket from the baikonur cosmodrome in kazakhstan on his yearlong mission to the international space station . giffords posted a picture from mission control on her facebook page and wrote : ' so exciting to be at nasa’s mission control during my brother-in-law nasa astronaut scott kelly 's successful launch aboard a soyuz rocket . ' now , he’s on his way to the place he’ll call home for the next year : the international space station . i’ll miss him a lot , but i am really grateful for all that he is doing for our country during his ‪ # ‎yearinspace‬ . ' giffords , the former democrat representative , survived a gunshot to the head on january 8 , 2011 , when a man opened fire in arizona . six people were killed and 13 wounded , including ms giffords , when jared loughner opened fire at a tucson shopping center car park where she was giving a stump speech . she retired from congress in 2012 and has since been a passionate advocate for gun control . the former u.s. representative and her husband , retired astronaut mark kelly , were seen just before catching a flight on friday . ms giffords shared a picture of her and husband mark kelly visiting the space shuttle endeavour at the california science center in la and reminded her followers that he flew it . gabby giffords posted a picture of herself and husband , captain mark kelly , on facebook wednesday with the message : ' so fun to see the awesome space shuttle endeavour with the awesome guy who flew it ' . ms giffords , who was shot in the head by a gunman as she made a speech at a supermarket in tucson , arizona , is now a passionate advocate for gun control .