tate ricks ( pictured above ) , nine , was reportedly fishing with his grandma 's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore . authorities are searching a florida river for a nine-year-old boy who went missing after a boat carrying him and a family friend was hit with a wake causing the boat to capsize . putnam county sheriff 's office said tate ricks immediately went under water in the st johns river and the unidentified man with him attempted to save ricks but could not , according to cbs . the man was able to make it to shore , deputies said . on sunday , officials said they were using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy , captain joe wells told first coast news . officials also said they plan to continue the air search later in the day bringing in divers . they hope to continue the search as long as conditions are safe , and stated previously the operation is for a rescue and not a recovery . ricks , a third grade student at kelly smith elementary school in palatka , was reportedly with his grandmother 's boyfriend fishing when the boating accident occurred . their 14-foot johnboat was hit by the wake from a large boat around 5.30pm , according to news4jax . the boy is believed to not have been wearing a life jacket , according to investigators , and the impact from the wake sent them both into the river . crews began a rescue operation on saturday around 6pm , and officials did confirm they discovered the capsized boat . authorities said the search area for ricks includes the st johns river from us-17 to memorial bridge to the north , and pico road to the south . the wildlife conservation commission is leading the investigation and the sheriff 's office is leading the search , according to the florida times-union . ' we are not going to send crews home tonight . they will remain on the river all night long , ' wells told news4jax . ' we will switch to a different crew in the morning and continue right on through the weekend , into next week , whatever it takes to locate this young man and bring closure to his family . ' a woman who identified herself as ricks ' grandmother said the family is working to stay positive . suzette guess told news4jax : ' everybody 's just trying to hang together . come together and do a lot of praying . ' she described ricks as a 'fun-loving kid ' who liked hunting , fishing and nascar . ' pray that they find him and that 's he 's okay . just remember us and his mama . he 's got a little sister think of her too , ' she added . wells told times-union that the incident is being investigated as a boating accident and that no foul play is suspected .