andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings — but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in dunblane this weekend . and despite his recent tournament finishes getting him back near the top of the game , the 27-year-old scot confirmed it will be a down-to-earth guest list when he marries fiancée kim sears in his hometown on saturday . there are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends . andy murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against novak djokovic in the mens final . novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open . murray plays a forehand against djokovic in the final during the miami open at crandon park tennis center . ‘there’ll be no celebrities as such , i don’t have any celebrity friends so it wasn’t something that was planned , ’ said murray , before he flew back after his miami open final defeat to runaway world no 1 novak djokovic on sunday . the one possible exception is comedian james corden , although he is busy working in america . there will be quite a few friends prominent in british tennis — aside from anything kim’s father nigel has been one of the country’s leading coaches — but with the monte carlo open beginning next monday the bigger international names were always going to be otherwise engaged . murray and djokovic pose for a photograph prior to the mens final during the miami open . djokovic holds the winners trophy after defeating murray in the final of the miami open . in fact the only non-british player likely to attend is jean-julien rojer , a doubles specialist from the dutch antilles who has a base in miami . ‘ jules lives there and i spend quite a lot of time with him . tim ( henman ) will be coming . james ward , jamie delgado ( longstanding british player and coach ) . ‘ we invited kyle edmund but he can’t make it because he’s playing , ’ said murray , who confirmed the couple will not cash in on photography rights to any magazines . other tennis guests include coach amelie mauresmo , former assistant coach dani vallverdu and two of his three best men , brother jamie and former davis cup player ross hutchins . the third is carlos mier , a friend from his days at the barcelona tennis academy he attended . kim sears fiancee of murray watches him in action against djokovic in the fierce miami sun . ‘ everyone who we’re close to , people we’ve spent a lot of time with in the past and people that we see ourselves spending time with in the future . that’s how we came up with the list , ’ said murray . rather than asking for wedding gifts , the couple have requested that guests make a donation to charities they support such as unicef and the world wildlife fund . ‘i’m going to go up to scotland early and spend time with my family for a couple of days . i’m not going to hit any balls this week . pretty much everything is done now and under control . i’m sure a few things will come up . world no 3 murray is set to marry his fiancee sears in dunblane next saturday . ‘ kim has pretty much controlled most of the important things and i’ve tried to help when she’s asked . i haven’t been overly involved but there’s things i enjoy doing , i did all the food and cake tasting which i actually loved . ’ there will not be any honeymoon until later in the year . in the middle of next week murray will head to barcelona to train with incoming assistant coach , former swedish player jonas bjorkman , before resuming his tournament schedule the week after that in munich . another change in the new rankings on monday was spaniard rafael nadal moving down to no 5 .