a judge said he had to deal with his own ' revulsion ' as he jailed four care home assistants who called their dementia residents ' fugly ' and told one she was living in a brothel . the women , who worked at the dementia unit of the bupa-run facility , in bretton , cambridgeshire , told one woman she was going to be killed . another confused patient was told she was living in a brothel and should expect male visitors . chloe pearsall , 26 , ( left ) and nicole howley , 25 ( right ) committed the acts of abuse at the care home throughout 2013 they have been jailed along with their colleagues joanne fisher , 36 , and barbara holcroft , 63 . all four workers ‘systematically’ abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses . nicole howley , 25 , was jailed for two years this week after she was found guilty of two charges of ill-treating a person as a carer under the mental capacity act . colleagues chloe pearsall , 26 , joanne fisher , 36 , and barbara holcroft , 63 , were convicted of one count of the same offence and sentenced to nine months each . sentencing the women , judge sean enright said he had ‘ put aside his own personal revulsion’ to find a ‘ just , proportionate sentence’ . using the word ‘fugly’ demonstrated the ‘ lack of respect’ they showed patients , he added , saying : ‘ this was systematic ill-treatment . ’ the case highlights the plight of many old and vulnerable people in the care system and hospitals . the daily mail has repeatedly called for improved standards under its dignity for the elderly campaign . the four workers waged their hate-filled campaign throughout 2013 . wentworth croft care home in bretton , cambridgeshire has 156 rooms which offer nursing , residential and dementia care for elderly people . during a trial at peterborough magistrates court earlier this year , co-worker lanya edwards described how the women , all from peterborough , abused one resident with ‘ quite advanced’ dementia . wentworth croft care home in bretton , cambridgeshire ( pictured ) has 156 rooms which offer nursing , residential and dementia care for elderly people . the four workers waged their hate-filled campaign throughout 2013 and told one elderly resident that she was working in a brothel . ‘ she would ask where she was a lot . i would say she was in a care home in peterborough and she would be staying here until she got better , ’ she said . ‘ but i heard some care assistants tell her she was living in a brothel . she used to get quite worried . it is not a nice thing to hear . ’ miss edwards said she heard fisher , holcroft and howley taunting the women ‘ at least a couple of times a week’ . she also said she heard the women calling people ‘fugly’ behind their backs – although another witness , jessica skelly , told the court they used the term openly with at least one resident . ‘ it was used to her . she used to get distressed and said she would phone the police , ’ she said . describing the vile abuse meted out to the woman who was told she was working in a brothel , she added : ‘ chloe , jo and nicole all referred to her as a prostitute… they said she wasn’t pulling her weight . ’ three of the workers regularly referred to one resident as a prostitute and told another she was fugly . after the group were found guilty , magistrates decided to send the case to peterborough crown court for sentencing because their sentencing powers were insufficient to reflect the ‘ gravitas of the offences and the vulnerability of the victims’ . andrew hurst , representing the women on wednesday , said they continued to deny the offences . they were all dismissed from their jobs in february last year . a spokesman for the care home said : ‘ everyone at the home is deeply shocked by the deplorable behaviour of these experienced carers . ’ a fifth carer , benjamin appiah , denies ill-treating three women and will stand trial in june .