it 's not uncommon for parents to want their children to follow in their footsteps - even if it 's limited to just shared interests . but it seems that some are setting their kids on the chosen path earlier than expected . especially these mothers and fathers , who have projected their geeky interests onto their slumbering newborns in a series of adorable photographs . art and photography community , boredpanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their ' true nerdy colours ' by dressing their babies up as sci-fi characters , like princess leia from star wars . another baby is dressed up as widely-recognisable nintendo character mario , complete with tiny dungarees , the red flat cap and even a fake felt moustache . one sleeping newborn is sporting a completely knitted wonder woman costume . art , design and photography community boredpanda has created a thread encouraging parents to upload cute images of their babies showcasing their parents ' ' true nerdy colors . ' and of course , obliging parents have taken to the thread with professional photography shots of their trussed up newborns . dressed as characters ranging across fantasy and sci-fi movies , books , tv shows and comic books , the adorable babies are seen in different scenarios and positions that have clearly been carefully arranged by their parents . a few of the images have even been subject to careful doctoring via photoshop , in order to make the scenarios more realistic . spiderman 's a popular choice ! another baby is pictured alongside toy replicas of his superhero comrades . these babies are dressed as star wars jedi knights , complete with light sabers and the characteristic brown cloak . one baby has been incorporated into a complicated harry potter scenario , complete with round-framed glasses , suitcases for hogwarts and a magic wand . some parents have really taken the geek-factor to the next level and have dressed their babes as characters from sci-film films such as star wars . one baby is seen as princess leia , surrounded by cuddly toy versions of the characters , while she herself is laid comfortably in the middle , wrapped in lace swaddling and sporting a hilarious knitted version of the famous hair-buns . another baby is dressed as a jedi , wrapped in a brown cloak characteristic of the monastic characters with an illuminated lightsaber propped up next to him . one newborn is kitted out as widely-recognisable nintendo character mario , complete with tiny dungarees , the red flat cap and even a fake felt moustache . to complete the illusion , the baby has been gently laid on an old-school nintendo gaming device . two sleeping newborns have been dressed up as comic book characters . one as flash ( pictured left ) and one as a ninja turtle ( pictured right ) . down the rabbit hole : one slumbering babe is in a sweet alice - from alice in wonderland - costume , complete with a knitted pocket watch and a grinning cheshire cat . other babies have been dressed up like characters from well-known children books . one soundly-sleeping newborn has been incorporated into a scenario from j.k. rowling 's harry potter franchise . the baby sports the character 's signature round-frame glasses , while laid on top of a pile of suitcases - possibly alluding to his journey to wizarding school , hogwarts - and is surrounded by the world-famous books , as well as a makeshift wand . another little-one is undoubtedly dressed as alice from lewis caroll 's much-loved , alice in wonderland . the sleeping baby sports a blue ribbon hairband and clutches a pocket watch as well as a toy replica of the grinning cheshire cat . one of the images sees a baby dressed up as a ninja turtle , with a full knitted costume , even complete with pizza slice props , one of the characters ' idiosyncracies . a newborn has been incorporated into a toy line-up of the much-loved recent disney film , frozen . some parents have chosen to project their love of comic books on their babies , with some newborns kitted out as immediately recognisable superheroes , such as flash , wonder woman , spiderman , and ninja turtle . these costumes are complete with props such as string for spiderman 's webspray , inflatable swords in place of real ones , and even pizzas for the ninja turtles . one parent has decided to go with a recent much-loved disney animation : frozen . their newborn is seen emulating olaf , the enthusiastic snowman , photoshopped next to a line-up of toy versions of the other characters . another soundly-sleeping babe is a medieval knight and is cushioned up on a toy horse , sporting fleecy-looking grey knitted ' armour ' and ' helmet ' , while another newborn is simply a ' geek ' with oversized glasses , a bow tie and a smart-phone . baby geek : one baby is simply dressed up as a ' nerd ' , clutching a smart phone showing equations and wearing glasses and a bow tie . baby knight : another baby is kitted out in knitted grey ' armour ' and rides his toy horse .