muhammad naviede , 60 , ( pictured outside the old bailey in 1995 ) was killed instantly in a plane crash . a banking fraudster with links to cherie blair was killed instantly in a plane crash minutes after he sent a text saying his aircraft was going down , an investigation has revealed . muhammad naviede , who was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud , died after his piper tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near padbury in buckinghamshire . the 60-year-old , whose daughter is a former x-factor contestant , sent a text to a relative shortly before the crash on august 20 last year saying : ' i 'm in a plane out of control and it 's going down . ' an investigation by the air accident investigation branch ( aaib ) said the message was ' unusual ' as the leased plane did not enter a spin until after it was sent . the experienced pilot had also tried to call the same relative before writing 148 characters within 25 seconds in a text - something the aaib said would require ' considerable dexterity ' . the report said : ' the pilot had accumulated considerable experience in a variety of aircraft in the years that he had been flying . he was familiar with the piper tomahawk aircraft and was in recent flying practice . ' it was suggested in his final text message that he had lost control of the aircraft , to such an extent that he did not expect to survive . ' however , after this message was sent , the aircraft continued in flight for more than two minutes , before entering a spin from which it did not recover . ' investigators found no fault with the aircraft and said weather conditions were unlikely to have caused the crash . mr naviede , of regent 's park , london , had previously undertaken aerobatic training , meaning he ' would have recognised , and been able to recover from , a spin ' , according to the aaib . the investigation also revealed the father-of-two had not booked a final destination for the fatal flight . mr naviede , whose personal wealth was once estimated to be £117million , was the former head of trade finance company arrows , which collapsed owing more than £100 million to overseas banks and other creditors in 1991 . he was the father of model and 2007 x-factor contestant raquelle gracie , who was in girl band hope , and had a record with pharrell williams . the girls initially auditioned for the fourth series as solo artists but judge louis walsh told them to re-audition as a band and they made it to the live shows where they came fifth . his piper tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near padbury in buckinghamshire in august last year . the pilot had written a 148 character text within 25 seconds - something the air accident investigation branch said would require ' considerable dexterity especially in an aircraft that may have been out of control ' . ms gracie , who is married with an 18-month-old daughter , is now a yoga teacher and continues to sing after previously hosting an online news and gossip series on website dipdive , created by will.i.am . his brother was the former government race advisor nighat awan , who entertained mrs blair at her multi-million pound home in cheshire in 2004 . in 1995 , a jury at the old bailey convicted him of seven charges of fraudulent trading , obtaining property and services by deception and making false statements to obtain bank facilities . on the day of the crash , mr naviede had flown the piper pa-38 tomahawk from elstree , hertfordshire , to turweston aerodrome before heading on to white waltham airfield near maidenhead , berkshire . he was then due to return to elstree , but at 4.55pm mr naviede telephoned the aerodrome to say he would not be returning that day and did not book an alternative destination . the plane took off from white waltham shortly after 5pm , heading north , and when he was just south of buckingham , he began to fly in a circle for almost an hour at between 2,500ft and 4,700ft . his daughter raquelle gracie ( far right ) came fifth in the 2007 series of the x factor with girl band hope . it was at this time he made a number of calls on his mobile telephone and at 6.31pm he unsuccessfully tried to call the relative who he then sent the final text to . investigators suggested that two minutes later he still had ' at least control of lateral flight ' . the aircraft then turned to the left as the pilot sent out a ' mayday ' distress call , saying : ' lost control of the aircraft and it 's gone into a spin . ' mr naviede then confirmed his location to the controller before saying : ' i ca n't control it . ' mr naviede 's brother was former government race advisor , nighat awan , who entertained mrs blair at her multi-million pound home in cheshire in 2004 . the aaib report said : ' it was apparent , from the witness accounts and the on-site evidence , that the aircraft had entered a spin from which it did not recover . ' the time elapsed during the pilot 's final radio transmissions , together with the rate of descent deduced from the nasa videos , suggested that the spin was likely to have started from a minimum height of 2,500ft , and probably higher . ' the report also highlighted strange aspects of mr naviede 's behaviour on the day , although people who spoke to him said he appeared ' chatty , friendly and relaxed ' . investigators wrote : ' there were a number of events which took place in the course of the afternoon which represented unusual actions on the part of the pilot . ' it appears the pilot made a change of intended destination prior to leaving white waltham . ' having booked out for elstree he subsequently called them to advise he would not be returning there . he did not book out to any other destination . ' after departing white waltham and flying north for about half an hour , he flew in a large circular pattern for almost an hour . ' although somewhat unusual , this may be explained by the need to re-charge the aircraft battery . ' mr naviede , who had more than 3,000 hours of flying experience , died instantly in the crash and a post-mortem examination carried out on his body revealed he died as a result of multiple injuries . a date has not been set for an inquest but it is likely to take place in may with a jury . 