harking back to uk transformation show 10 years younger , people on the street are asked to guess a woman 's age in a bold new advert . a french model starring in a television film for garnier is filmed and photographed as she ' ages ' an average of five years throughout a typical working day . the parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40 - as the day progresses . at 7am the actress looks bright and bushy tailed , ready for the day ahead - studio lights capture this in the ad . but by 9.47 she looks exhausted as she prepares the family dinner and does the laundry after a day at work . the working mother-of-two is seen drying her hair first thing , dropping her two young children off at school , working out , working on a computer in the office , food shopping and more as a camera follows her every move . she is photographed at the beginning of her day and at the end - at 7am and 9.47pm - and both images are then judged independently by people on the street . looking at the morning photo , strangers generally thought she looked somewhere between her late twenties or early thirties , but with the evening photo , they guessed she was in her late thirties and forties . researchers found she looked five years older in the evening photograph compared to the morning image based on the average ages guessed . the advert for garnier 's miracle sleeping cream ends with the statement ' in only one day , fatigue can age you by five years . ' , followed by the answer to all your problems : ' but a miracle can change everything ' . if there 's a best way to sell face cream , this creation by paris agency publicis conseil would surely take top prize . probably because it can make you feel awful about yourself . the powerful advert for garnier 's miracle sleeping cream has gained widespread coverage . the mother-of-two in the short film is photographed at the beginning of her day and at the end . both images are judged independently by people on the parisian streets - who guess vastly different ages . strangers thought she looked somewhere in her late twenties or early thirties in the morning , but by evening , they guessed she was in her late thirties and forties . researchers found she looked five years older in the evening photograph compared to the morning .