a dominatrix who claims she shared a ' hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ' overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards . carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night . in an excerpt from the upcoming in the eye of the royal story , she says she could n't help but notice how ' adorably cute his naked a** was ' , the sun reported . carrie reichert ( left ) , 43 , has released a teaser from her upcoming book in the eye of the royal story in which she recounts the events of prince harry 's infamous party night . prince harry , pictured above in las vegas in 2012 , was said to have invited 10 women to party with him at his vip suite at the encore at wynn hotel , including miss reichert . she wrote : ' i 'm only in my bathing suit and feeling overdressed , wondering if i too should strip down and join him in his royal buff . ' ms reichert went on to claim that alcohol gave her the confidence to approach the prince before they shared a kiss . she said : ' this surreal moment felt more like a dream : i 'm kissing a prince ! tasting his lips and feeling his tongue , encouraging what is now a hot , deep kiss , both of us excited , anticipating what is yet to come . ' in january , england-born ms reichert said she planned to use a pair of the prince 's underpants for a strip tease act . she remains the only woman to have ever spoken out about the prince 's wild night in vegas , following which pictures of him were leaked showing him playing naked billiards . ms reichert claims she was one of 10 women picked to party with him in the penthouse suite of the wynn hotel in august 2012 . however , kensington palace has previously denied she was one of the women invited back to the prince 's vip suite and dismissed her story as ' untrue ' . kensington palace this evening declined to comment when contacted by mailonline . just weeks after the 2012 party , miss reichert spent a month in harrison county jail in mississippi after being arrested for cheque fraud . and not long after she rose to prominence for her outrageous claims , it was revealed she was a dominatrix who charges $ 1,000 an hour for bdsm sessions . kensington palace has previously said ms reichert ( pictured ) was not among those invited back to the prince 's vip suite that evening . not long after she rose to prominence for her outrageous claims , it was revealed ms reichert was a dominatrix who charges $ 1,000 an hour for bdsm sessions .