federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the celebrity infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus . the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) said in a monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members . the agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up . the ship was on its journey from march 29 to april 13 , federal health officials said . outbreak : federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the celebrity infinity ( seen in this file photo ) cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus . the cdc 's release said ' one cdc vessel sanitation program environmental health officer and one epidemiologist have boarded the ship in san diego , ca on april 13 , 2015 to conduct an environmental health assessment and evaluate the outbreak and response activities . ' specimens have been collected and have been tested by cdc to determine the causative agent for this outbreak is norovirus . ' the cdc said staff on the infinity stepped up cleaning and disinfection in response to the outbreak . symptoms of norovirus include vomiting , diarrhea , fever and body aches . according to the cdc , most people recover within three days . the cdc recommends on its website that anyone sick with norovirus stay well hydrated . the infinity was on a 15-night cruise . the celebrity website says the ship regularly travels through the panama canal and to alaska . illness : symptoms of norovirus ( pictured ) include vomiting , diarrhea , fever and body aches . according to the cdc , most people recover within three days . in a statement sent to daily mail online , celebrity cruises , part of royal caribbean cruises ltd. , said only 99 passengers and 1 crew member became sick . ' those affected by the short-lived illness responded well to over-the-counter medication being administered onboard the ship , ' the company said . ' during the sailing , we took a number of steps to prevent the transmission of the illness , including implementing enhanced cleaning procedures and protocols , and using special cleaning products and disinfectants that are proven to kill norovirus to clean throughout the ship . ' additionally , when celebrity infinity arrived to san diego , california , today , we began an extensive and thorough sanitizing onboard the ship and within the cruise terminal , to help prevent any illness from affecting the subsequent sailing . ' the statement continued ' also , all guests will receive a letter at boarding that asks if they have experienced any gastrointestinal symptoms within the last three days . similarly , if any guest is uncomfortable taking their cruise , for reasons related to personal health or otherwise , our staff assisted them in rescheduling their sailing for another time . ' the maritime-executive reported the ship previously experienced gastrointestinal illness outbreaks in 2006 and 2013 .