reverend andrew dotchin , 58 , a well-known local character popular with his parishioners , was celebrating the end of lent . a wine bar banned its local vicar from coming in for a drink on easter sunday – because he was wearing sandals . the reverend andrew dotchin , 58 , a well-known local character popular with his parishioners , was celebrating the end of lent when he was refused entry at the wine bar in ipswich . he was told there were health and safety concerns , because a glass could fall on his foot . rev dotchin , who preaches at whitton parish church , said : ' i was gobsmacked . i think the man on the door had had a rough night . i said , ' trust me , i 'm a vicar ' and i was wearing the dog collar – but he would n't budge . ' the bemused grandad , a massive facebook and twitter fan , grinned : ' it 's their loss . ' i was n't going to go in and tell everyone to go to hell or anything ! ' mr dotchin , who preached in south africa for 16 years , strolled off instead to the nearby revolution bar in the old cattle market for a quick drink and a chat . ' i have been in the wine bar before and it 's a lovely place - it 's a bit of a giggle really and occasionally this sort of thing happens . ' i do n't get served in sandals in golf clubs but women do , ' said andrew , the son of a royal navy submariner . it 's silly really . ' the bizarre run-in sparked a flurry of activity supporting him on facebook , which he labelled ' hilarious ' . wine bar manager luke parkerson defended the decision to bar mr dotchin . he said : ' unfortunately it 's because we are a glass-led venue - a lot of venues in ipswich use glass substitutes now . ' all it would take is someone to drop a glass on an exposed foot - that was our concern . ' it has happened once before and i am very aware of it and do n't want anyone to have it again . ' my door team dealt with it and it 's a shame i was n't able to have a word with the gentleman personally . ' the wine bar in ipswich ( pictured ) : manager luke parkerson defended the decision to bar mr dotchin . but defiant andrew , a clergyman for 31 years , vowed to carry on wearing his trademark footwear . ' i am infamous for only ever wearing sandals because i find socks devilish ! ' i 'll go back there again and hopefully they 'll let me in next time , ' he said . ' it 's very tight on numbers and it can get really busy , so i imagine the door staff are more closed off but they are just doing their job . ' reverend andrew dotchin said he would continue to wear his trademark sandals because he finds socks devilish . 