pete evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water . health minister jillian skinner has slammed celebrity chef pete evans for promoting fluoride-free water , saying he is putting people 's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle . it comes after concerned medical professionals described evans ' standpoint as misinformed and a potentially dangerous lifestyle choice after he revealed his family also steers clear of consuming australian tap water . ms skinner said she was ' highly disappointed ' to see the my kitchen rules judge use his power as a high profile media personality to influence in areas he had no expertise , in which she has refused to watch his reality cooking show . ' here we are spending a lot of effort and energy in educating people about the value of fluoridation , about the fact that there are no risks associated with ­vaccination , or very low risks , and that there is no connection between vaccination and autism , and it is countered by a celebrity who knows nothing from a specialist point of view , ' she told the sunday telegraph . ' i 'm highly disappointed that they would use a platform of cooking . that is totally inappropriate and quite disturbing , which is why i wo n't watch those programs anymore . ' evans ' has responded to the health minister 's concerns , saying he would like to discuss the benefits of water fluoridation . ' i welcome the opportunity to ­discuss the value of fluoridation with ms skinner , but ask that she , or any other party , does not misrepresent my views , opinions or beliefs . ' the revelation follows after evans threw his weight behind an anti-fluoride campaign where he proudly wore a ' fluoride free wa ' t-shirt on facebook to promote the perth-based lobby group 's cause . health minister jillian skinner has slammed celebrity chef pete evans for promoting fluoride-free water . evans has also been under fire for endorsing the paleo diet which cuts out dairy , cereal and processed meats . some slogans on the fluoride free wa facebook page that evans is a passionate advocate for . ' alkalised water ( maybe i just should 've just said filtered water ? ) - we have a portable mineral pot ( $ 500 ) water filter which rids tap water from potential carcinogens ( chorine , chemicals , bacteria etc ) , ' he said in a post on his facebook page . evans and his family do n't drink tap water . ' i realise there 's plenty of controversy around alkalised water , but i would rather choose this option over drinking tap water or bottled water , as it works out cheaper in the long run , and is environmentally friendly . ' australian medical association victorian president tony bartone hit back at the outspoken chef telling daily mail australia that evans needed to stick to what he does best . ' all evidence at this stage both reliable studies and research from universities , the world health organisation , and by the australian dental association points to the fact that basically fluoridation is an important public health initiative - it does prevent tooth decay , ' dr bartone said . ' celebrity chefs should stick to their knitting and stay out of the debate - his comments belong back in the stone age . ' ' people like this are using their fame and influence in areas that they have no expertise - obviously a top class chef but when it comes to scientific research and understanding - they are lacking . ' evans has previously been slammed for his endorsement of the controversial paleo diet , which his family abides by , that includes meat , fish , vegetables , and fruit but excludes dairy or cereal products and processed food . ' i 'm occasionally ridiculed or accused of ignorance because i choose to eat and feed my family what i believe to be a nutrient dense diet , ' he said on his facebook page . ' i ca n't help but find it so bizarre as to why some people find my food choices so offensive ? ' he says his decisions are an important part of being a parent - adding that ' ignorance is not bliss ' . ' i 'm a father and i take that privilege very seriously , so for me striving for optimum health and trying new things whenever possible , so that i can be a responsible role model for my daughters and still be able to surf right up until the end , is the ultimate goal , ' he posted . evans ( left ) says his role as a father is to strive for optimum health for his children . the my kitchen rules judge ( pictured with fellow judge manu fieldel left ) thinks it is bizarre that some people find his food choices so offensive . however , dr bartone sees evans ' stance as abusing his high profile media personality . ' it is influencing vulnerable others - people who are time-poor - and will unfortunately just look at celebrity endorsement and think it must be good and follow the argument without delving into the facts , he said . ' it affects the health message we are trying to impart on our patients and the community at large - especially in times when know that health and well-being is crucial and key to a number of illnesses and health factors that have a huge cross burden on society . '