dundee united have hit back at fierce criticism of the board 's performance by two leading supporters ' groups . arabtrust and the federation of dundee united supporters clubs say they are ' shocked ' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees for ryan gauld , andrew robertson , stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven were paid in commission to unnamed parties . the supporters groups also disputed chairman stephen thompson 's alleged level of investment in the club . the dundee united board have hit back at criticism from supporters by pointing to their on-field success . the tannadice club - already under fire for selling armstrong and mackay-steven to celtic six weeks before their league cup final defeat to the scottish champions - responded by defending their record in a statement . it read : ' all supporters can be assured that the board will continue to implement its professional and comprehensive strategy for the football club . ' this strategy and the related actions of the chairman and board of directors have delivered progress both on and off field . ' on the field the club has reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years , qualified for european competition in three of the last four years , finished in the premiership top six in every one of the last seven years and won the scottish cup in 2010 . ' the current management team and players are also sitting fourth in the premiership this season with sights firmly set on securing a european qualification place . ' the supporters ' joint statement expressed concern over the levels of club debts , saying : ' despite the sales of the four players the board of dufc does not believe that this is yet sufficient to pay all current remaining debt . ' defending their record on that point , the club statement responded : ' off field the board has reduced overall debt , including thompson family loans , from £5.2m in february 2014 to £2.6m while successfully extricating the club from all bank debt . the club debt is projected to be reduced to £1.4m by the end of this year . ' supporters can rest assured that the board is comprised of individuals that are , without exception , dundee united supporters . they bring with them a wealth of experience in business . ' at all times , the board acts to promote the success of dundee united and will continue to do so . ' arabtrust and the federation also voiced concerns that chairman thompson was wary of bringing in external investors for fear of seeing his family 's shareholding drop below 75 per cent . the most explosive allegation , however , is the claim concerning the commission paid to outside parties – none of whom are understood to be players , agents or other clubs . the supporters ' joint statement added : ' we believe this figure to be in excess of £500k . this does not include payments to players , agents or other clubs . when all of these various payments are totalled , over 25 per cent of the £6.3m in fees received has not been kept in the club . ' united last year announced that a recent debt settlement would see the bank of scotland collect a share of transfer fees received before the end of august 2015 . a united spokesman said : ' we 've been reluctantly drawn into this matter and have no wish to enter a war of words , but the £500,000 figure is an entirely fictitious amount based on an incorrect assumption . at no time was that figure provided to anyone , so it 's surprising to see it in the public domain . ' some supporters were angered by the amount of commission that was paid from transfer fees received . 