the teenager who was famously pictured in a bloodied state in his mugshot after he sexually abused an 11-year-old boy and was beaten unconscious by the child 's father has been jailed for 25 years . raymond frolander , 18 , was beaten to a pulp by the furious father after he walked in on the teenager performing a sexual act on his son at his home in daytona beach , florida , last july . after frolander 's arrest , police released his mugshot , which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes , black bruises and lacerations to his face . the photo was quickly shared thousands of times online . now , the defendant has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison by circuit judge leah case after pleading no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12 . scroll down for 911 tape . jailed : raymond frolander , 18 , who was beaten unconscious by a furious father after sexually abusing his 11-year-old son , has been sentenced to 25 years in prison . above , the convict is pictured in court on thursday . bloodied : after frolander 's arrest , police released his mugshot , which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes , black bruises and lacerations to his face . the photo ( above ) was quickly shared thousands of times online . wearing an orange jail jumpsuit , frolander showed little emotion as he agreed to a plea deal in a bid to avoid a mandatory life sentence on thursday , the daytona beach news-journal reported . speaking outside court , the child 's 35-year-old father - who is not being named to protect the identity of the victim - said the sentence would give his son 's attacker the chance to reflect on his actions . 'he’s going to learn in the next 25 years why i let him live , ' he told reporters , according to wftv . the youngster 's grandmother added that the plea deal means her grandson will not have to go through the psychological trauma of a trial , saying : ' he just needs to learn to trust again . ' as part of the deal , frolander , who had been molesting the boy for years , will be listed as a sexual predator , be on sex offender probation and undergo electronic monitoring for life after his release . on the night of the attack , the child was apparently playing video games with frolander and some friends . however , after the others left , the defendant took him to a back room , the boy told police . father : speaking outside court , the child 's 35-year-old father ( pictured ) - who is not being named to protect the identity of the victim - said the sentence would give his son 's attacker the chance to reflect on his actions . plea deal : frolander ( pictured alongside his attorney on thursday ) showed little emotion as he agreed to a plea deal in a bid to avoid a mandatory life sentence lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12 . locked up : the youngster 's grandmother said the plea deal means her grandson will not have to go through the psychological trauma of a trial . above , frolander is pictured being led away from the courtroom thursday . there , frolander reportedly pulled down the child 's pants and performed a sex act on him , before being caught by the boy 's father , who had just returned home after picking up some food . the father , who had heard a strange noise coming from the bedroom , pushed open the door and discovered frolander with his genitals exposed , police said . he immediately started beating him . in the early hours of july 18 , the father called 911 and told the dispatcher : ' i just walked in on a grown man molesting [ name redacted ] . and i got him in a bloody puddle for you right now , officer . ' he continued : ' he is nice and knocked out on the floor for you , i dragged him into the living room , ' before adding : ' send an ambulance . he is going to need one . ' police arrived at the house to find frolander unconscious . during an interview , the boy told officers the suspect had been molesting him for three years - something frolander later admitted to . sex offender : as part of the deal , frolander ( pictured ) , who had been molesting the boy for years , will be listed as a sexual predator , be on sex offender probation and undergo electronic monitoring for life after his release . bruised : the defendant is pictured during his first court appearance , still sporting injuries from the beating . after his arrest , frolander was was treated at hospital before being taken to the closest police station . in his mug shot , his still-swollen face was evident from the beating he had received . officers appeared to understand the father 's reaction . ' dad was acting like a dad . i do n't see anything we should charge the dad with , ' daytona beach police chief mike chitwood said . speaking to wfts , he added : ' you have an 18-year-old who has clearly picked his target , groomed his target and had sex with the victim multiple times . ' days after the incident , the father admitted that it was only his son 's pleas which had stopped him from killing the pervert after he had stormed into the kitchen and grabbed a knife in his rage . ' my son is the one who stepped in front of me and stopped me . my son saved his attackers life , so who 's really the hero in this situation ? ' he asked wkmg after frolander 's first court appearance in volusia county . the man admitted he had ' just snapped ' when he walked in on frolander naked with his son . shortly after beating the teenager into a coma , he grabbed the knife and walked over to him , he said . ' i was going to kill him , ' he admitted , adding that he and his family had considered frolander a close friend and had often allowed him to spend time with the 11-year-old boy at their home . ' there was nothing uncommon to let the kids go in the bedroom and play video games together and now i have to wonder why the door was shut , ' the father explained last july . sexual assault : officers appeared to understand the father 's reaction . ' dad was acting like a dad . i do n't see anything we should charge the dad with , ' daytona beach police chief mike chitwood said . above , the father is pictured with his 11-year-old son ( left ) before the attack , and frolander is seen in a previous mug shot ( right ) . he added that his rage also stemmed from being molested himself as a child at a foster home in california . he said beating frolander was the easy part and that much harder days lay ahead . ' i 'm not going to pressure anything on [ my son ] , ' the father told reporters . ' i know exactly what he 's going through , when he 's ready to talk about it , he will . ' police defended his actions but later criticized him for creating a gofundme page , initially entitled ' rebuilding innocence ' and featuring an image of a sleeping boy , asking for $ 1million in donations . on the page , the father wrote : ' we are reaching out to anyone that can help . our son was sexualy ( sic ) assaulted and we are now faced with the challenge of picking up the pieces , the emotional and financial burden is about more than we can endure.. . please.. . anything helps . ' chf chitwood told dailymail.com he was ' pretty shocked ' by the page , which was later taken down by the charity site . ' the police , investigators and prosecutors go to great lengths to protect victims of sexual abuse . i 'm sure his intentions are in the right place but this is not good for the young man 's recovery , ' he said . during his interview with police , the child reportedly told officers that he had been intimidated and told by frolander that terrible things would happen to him if he revealed the abuse . ' he 's 11 years old , he should be running around outside and playing video games , not dealing with something like this , ' chf chitwood said at the time . no charges were filed against the boy 's father . 