a pensioner who has visited a beauty spot for 70 years has been banned after she was accused of knocking down the landowner 's son with her car . patricia wilnecker , 81 , fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall so much on her first visit in 1948 she eventually moved nearby and also wrote a book about it . but she has been told she is no longer welcome there by the owner roy stevenson after he accused her of deliberately hitting his son daniel , 36 , during a stand-off at the entrance . he said : ' if she wants to be welcomed back to the cove , she needs to say to daniel , ' i am very sorry i hit you with my car ' . banned : patricia wilnecker , 81 , pictured with her dog shorty , fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall in 1948 and has gone there every year - but can no longer go after a run-in with the landowner 's son . stand-off : miss wilnecker is alleged to have knocked over daniel , 36 , after she had to wait to exit up this private road while he repaired it , a claim she denies . miss wilnecker claimed her exit was blocked by daniel for about ten minutes , while repair work was carried out on the private road leading to it . mr stevenson said he banned her after accusing her of aggressively revving her engine before driving into his son and knocking him over . he has said she can come back as long as she says sorry - but the 81-year-old has denied hitting him and claimed the ban has devastated her because the cove is ' my whole life ' . she said : ' there was plenty of room to drive past mr stevenson perfectly safely but when i tooted my horn , there was a tirade of abuse and i was told i was barred . ' i moved down here from dorset eight years ago to be closer to the cove . ' i was coming down two or three times a year and then i decided that i may as well move down here - it 's my whole life . ' from her nearby st buryan home , she visits the cove three or four times a week , sketching and writing impressions which she uses in a quarterly newsletter distributed around the country . she has also written a book about lamorna and its surrounding area . battle of wills : owner roy stevenson told her to stay away after he accused her of knocking over his son daniel in her car - but says she can return but needs to say sorry first . mr stevenson said : ' miss wilnecker revved the car and hit my son , knocking him to the ground . ' i am very upset about this - we have known her for a very long time . she used to have a free parking space and she stayed at one of our properties . over the years we have fussed over her dogs and we used to sell her book in the cafe ? . ' however , if she wants to be welcomed back to the cove , she needs to say to daniel , ' i am very sorry i hit you with my car ' . ' we want everyone to enjoy the cove but as owners we live here and we ask people to fit in with us . ' following the incident , both parties contacted the police . inspector jean phillips , from penzance police , said : ' on attendance we established there were no issues for the police and there is no further involvement by us . ' 