delmarva power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills . spokesman matt likovich says the utility discovered a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since november . the utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on march 25 . rodney todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power . they were last seen alive on march 28 . scroll down for videos . delmarva power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills . pictured : father rodney todd who died . tynijuiza todd , 15 , ( left ) and her 12-year-old sister tykira ( right ) are died in the carbon monoxide accident . princess anne police chief scott keller said earlier today the delmarva power company has been subpoenaed to document exactly when it shut off power to the rental home . maryland law bars utilities from terminating electric service for nonpayment of bills from november 1 through march 31 without an affidavit filed to the public service commission . ' i 'm just numb . i 'm just numb . like it 's a nightmare but it 's not , ' the children 's mother , tyisha luneice chambers , told the associated press on tuesday . ' if i had known he was without electricity , i would have helped . ' court records identified the boys as cameron and zhiheem , and the girls as tyjuziana , tykeria , tynijuzia , tyniah and tybreyia . bonnie edwards said her grandsons were 13 and 7 , and granddaughters were 15 , 12 , 10 , 9 and 6 , respectively . eldest : todd 's eldest son cameron , 13 , is pictured with his sister , 15-year-old tynijuiza . birthday boy : on march 10 , todd posed for a photo with his son , 7-year-old zycheim ( left and right ) , saying his birthday was coming up soon . police responding to a missing persons report found their bodies monday after friends , school workers and todd 's supervisor at work had knocked on the door with no answer . ' the children were all in beds and it appears as though they were sleeping , ' keller said . ' they did n't have electricity . probably it was bedtime and they decided they needed some light and probably some heat , because toward the end of march even though it was spring we were having some pretty chilly nights . ' why todd ran the gas-powered generator inside his kitchen was n't clear . the chief speculated that the noise would have bothered neighbors , had it been outside . todd got some welfare money , but it was n't enough , said sarah hardy , his close friend . ' how can a man survive off of basically minimum wage with seven kids , and you ca n't help him with a utility bill ? ' hardy asked . ' this man was working . and delmarva power cuts the lights off ? ' lloyd edwards said his stepson had bought the generator after the power was shut off due to unpaid bills at their one-story wood frame home in the small town of princess anne on maryland 's eastern shore . horrified : a woman looks away as bodies of the family of eight are removed from a house . grieving : lloyd edwards , left , and bonnie edwards , the stepfather and mother of rodney todd stand outside the home where todd and his seven children found dead monday . welfare check : officers responded to the house in the 30500 block of antioch avenue after getting a call from the father 's employer saying he had not shown up for work monday morning . ' it 's so hard . how can you understand something like this ? ' edwards said . ' he was an outstanding dad . ... to keep his seven children warm , he bought a generator , and the carbon monoxide consumed them . ' todd got help paying utility bills in the past , but did not apply this year , said tom vanlandingham , who directs the office of home energy programs in somerset county . families can apply once a year , and assistance is based on household income and energy use , among other factors . ' we 're all kind of baffled as to why he did not apply this year , ' vanlandingham said . ' that 's the million-dollar question . ' todd retained full custody of his children when his divorce from tyisha luniece chambers was finalized last september . sheets are held as a body is removed from a residence where a gas generator in the kitchen had run out of fuel . ' the mother left , not only the seven kids by rodney , but she left her oldest son with him as well , ' hardy said . ' she abandoned him and the kids . ' todd served 16 months behind bars for assaulting his wife in a domestic dispute , hardy said . upon his release , ' he came home , caught her in bed with another man , and the man was abusing the kids . he took his seven kids and her son and raised them on his own . ' chambers denied that she abandoned them , and said she had been paying child support . ' he was n't a single parent . i was in their lives . i do n't have drug problems . i love my kids and i 'm sorry their father passed as well , ' she said , adding that she planned to meet todd 's relatives at a funeral home on wednesday . bonnie edwards said her son taught his children how to talk with elders and the value of education . he bought each a cake and a gift on their birthday , even though money was tight . ' there was nothing he would n't do for them , ' she said . ' all he was trying to do was to keep his kids warm . ' a co-worker at the nearby university of maryland eastern shore , brittney hudson , said todd ' was always smiling and laughing . ' ' he 's the man you need to know and the man you want to be , ' said bilel smith , who lives nearby . ' they were their own football team , their own basketball team . this is breaking our hearts . ' the local chief of police said his officers knew at once they will not found anyone alive inside the house . silent killer : stunned neighbors look an as police probe the co accident . more than 400 americans die each year from exposure to carbon monoxide .