she costs taxpayers more than £39,000 a year in benefits . and now cheryl prudham , a pregnant mother of 11 , is blowing some of that cash on a £10,000 trip to las vegas , it was reported yesterday . the 33-year-old is said to be planning to renew her wedding vows with her husband robert , 30 , during the ‘ no expense spared’ jaunt . shameless : cheryl prudham , 33 , who receives £39,000 in benefits , and her partner robert are spending £10,000 on a lavish ceremony in las vegas to renew their wedding vows . browsing : the couple , who hit headlines last year after demanding a bigger council house for their huge brood , visited her local thomson travel agents in kent to book the luxury family break . the pair , who have only just got back together after a short split because they want to have more children , were photographed this week visiting their local thomson travel agent and taking away brochures for the american casino city . mrs prudham – who was also recently spotted flaunting an £895 mulberry handbag as she strolled near their home in gravesend , kent – plans to wear a £1,000 designer gown for the ceremony . the couple will stay at the circus circus hotel and intend to renew their vows at the infamous chapel of love , before being whisked away in a chauffeur-driven limousine . they have also booked to see some shows and go on a helicopter tour across nevada , a sunday newspaper reported . it is not their first taxpayer-funded jaunt . last year they took a £7,000 trip to menorca , spain . mrs prudham told closer magazine at the time : ‘ i don’t feel bad about using taxpayers’ money . we’re entitled to a holiday . ’ the prudhams claim £39,192 in benefits a year on top of mr prudham’s monthly salary of £1,600 as a delivery driver – bringing their total annual income up to almost £60,000 . planning : the duo are planning to fly to the u.s. in march for the two-week 'no-expense spared ' break . lavish : last month , mr and mrs prudham and some of their children were spotted leaving a designer shop in london . they managed to avoid the government’s £26,000-a-year cap on state handouts because mr prudham works enough hours to claim working tax credit . the pair separated for a short time after mr prudham , who is the father of mrs prudham’s five youngest children , struck up a relationship with another woman online . but mrs prudham took him back in february because she wanted to have more children with him . she said : ‘we’re good at making babies ... and i get more in benefits with every child i have , so i can afford a big family . ’ her 12th child is due in july and the family , who live in a five-bedroom council house , are waiting to be upgraded to a seven-bedroom home because their current one is ‘ too cramped’ . last month , the family attracted attention over their lifestyle when they were photographed leaving a mulberry store at westfield shopping centre in stratford , east london . the brand’s handbags are seen as the height of luxury thanks to the fine leather used and the eye-watering prices to match . mrs prudham left the store with a shopping bag – thought to contain the much-coveted £895 bayswater handbag she was recently spotted with . happy families : the couple have been together six years , and mr prudham is the father of his wife’s five youngest children . huge brood : the family get £39,192 in handouts a year on top of mr prudham’s monthly salary of £1,600 as a delivery driver – taking their annual income to nearly £60,000 .