a glamour model who showcases her curves in glossy magazines around the world has a new thrill-inducing hobby - freestyle skydiving . anais zanotti , 30 , who lives in miami , first became interested in the high-flying sport when a friend recommended it to her . now the brunette , who has modelled for playboy , gq , esquire and maxim and has 35 cover shoots under her belt , is a pro who teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane , thousands of feet in the air . scroll down for video . anais zanotti strikes a pose , combining her two jobs : bikini modelling and skydiving . the st tropez-born model moved to the us to become a glossy magazine bikini model . the french-born model , who has skydived more than 1,350 times , said : ' i love the freedom once you leave the plane - your brain stops thinking . ' if i am having a bad day at work i just forget about it when i open my parachute . ' i am so happy i scream - it 's such a thrill . ' i have always loved extreme sports and when i was in france i had a motorcycle . ' one of my friends suggested i try skydiving and when ten of us went i was the only one who said i was coming back , i became obsessed . ' i watched videos , bought a suit , had a dream about it and when i woke up i called for lessons to learn to skydive properly . ' she has had 1,350 dives and is now an instructor , teaching other amateur junkies . anais admits to loving the moment she leaves the plane , saying : ' your brain stops thinking ' . anais , who has posed for playboy , also models bikinis for magazines like gq . her passion for jumping out of planes has transformed her social life too . she said : ' in the past i used to go out on evenings and spend the weekend at the beach - now i get up early and go skydiving . ' anais , from saint-tropez , france , started modelling aged 16 when a photographer for a local magazine spotted her and asked for a shoot . from there her career boomed and she left for the us eight years ago to follow her dream of becoming an international model . anais , who posts workout and bikini snaps on instagram , moved to the us to become an international model . the pro-skydiver now teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump out of planes safely . anais , who is a successful swimsuit and fitness model , says she 's also been to acting school . she added : ' i was working around paris and in italy but moved because i wanted to go to the us and do something bigger . ' i started acting school to help me learn english and was modelling - i did a commercial for monster and did n't stop working . ' now i do swimsuit , fitness and fashion work and have been very lucky to work for the biggest publications in the world . ' she also has a sizeable social media profile with 113,000 followers on instagram thanks to her combination of bikini snaps and shots of her training in a wind tunnel , or jumping out of a plane . the french-born stunner combines her two careers of swimsuit modelling and dangerous skydiving . 