this is the moment that a crew of firefighters struggled to haul a giant pig out of a garden swimming pool . the prize porker , known as pigwig , had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in ringwood , hampshire . his owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out . a team from dorset fire and rescue struggled to haul the huge black pig out of swimming pool water . the prize porker known as pigwig had fallen into the water and had then been unable to get out again . two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the small pool . a spokesman for dorset fire and rescue service said : ' at 4.50pm yesterday the service received a call to a pig stuck in a swimming pool . ' one crew of firefighters from ferndown and a specialist animal rescue unit from poole were mobilised to this incident . ' once in attendance the crew secured the pig with strops , and requested the attendance of another appliance which was mobilised from ringwood by our colleagues in hampshire fire and rescue service . firefighters were also called out to a horse which had fallen into a swimming pool in heyshott , west sussex . the exhausted animal had to be winched to using an all-terrain crane but appeared no worse for wear after its tumble . ' the crew rescued the pig from the swimming pool using specialist animal rescue slide boards , strops and lines to haul the pig from the swimming pool . ' but pigwig was n't the only animal who needed rescuing after taking an unexpected swim . crews in west sussex were called out to a swimming pool where this time a horse had fallen in . wet and very bedraggled , the exhausted animal put up no opposition when firefighters arrived to hoist her out of the small garden pool in heyshott . the two-hour rescue operation ended with the wayward horse being fitted with straps under her belly and lifted up into the air with an all-terrain crane before being swung around and deposited back on dry land . a fire brigade spokesman said that she appeared none the worse for her impromptu swim after stepping over the edge of the domestic pool .