for some expectant mothers , giving up alcohol or coffee for the duration of their pregnancy can feel a hardship . but one mother-to-be had to give up much more than that for the sake of her unborn daughter . lynn , from chippenham , had to stop taking medication that enables her to move without pain as she suffers from a painful and crippling condition callled hip displasia . lynn and husband liam tried for a baby for three years so when she fell pregnant , she did n't want to take any risks so stopped taking pain relief for her scoliosis and hip dysplasia symptoms . the condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly , which causes pain when she moves . she also has scoliosis ( curvature of the spine ) . due to her disabilities , lynn has to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and about . she also needs to take painkillers to give her some respite from the daily discomfort . but after becoming pregnant with a baby girl after three years of trying to conceive with husband , liam , lynn chose to stop taking the drugs for the time she carried their baby . she made the brave decision even though the weight of her baby bump put extra strain on her joints . ' i decided i would stop taking my painkillers when pregnant as there was n't 100 per cent proof it would all be okay for baby so i stopped to be on the safe side , ' she explained on my extraordinary pregnancy , which airs tonight on tlc . lynn explains when pregnant that she 's prepared to forgo pain relief for the sake of her baby . healthy libby was then delivered via caesarean section but lynn had hoped for a natural birth . ' she 's so special and it took such a long time to get her , i do n't want to do anything to risk the pregnancy . ' husband liam , an it consultant , said he understood lynn 's decision but he said he found it hard to see her suffering . ' she wants to be a normal mother and do everything normally but because of her condition she 's not always able to , ' he said . ' my admiration for her has grown , the pain she goes through daily has increased and got worse every day . coping with that without pain killers is a big thing . ' ' the pain she 's going through on a daily basis has increased . ' lynn , who has only 30 per cent mobility with her hips , said her problems began when she was a small child . ' the pain started when i was quite young and i had the first surgery when i was five . ' growing up i had a lot of hip pain and back pain and initially i did n't know what it was . as a teenager i had to wear a body brace which was difficult . ' her mother jennifer said : ' as a child she would never show when things hurt . you 'd ask how she was feeling and she 'd say `` i 'm fine '' , she would always cover everything up and tell you what you wanted to hear to make you feel better . ' lynn 's condition was diagnosed as a teenager and she has always been determined not to let her disability get in the way of her living a ' normal ' life . she works as an occupational therapist for the nhs , plays wheelchair tennis and wanted to be able to deliver her baby naturally despite her hip problems . despite her hip problems , lynn , pictured in hospital with liam and libby after her birth , had wanted a natural delivery but had to have a c-section as libby was breeched . adjusting to life as a mother with limited mobility means lynn has had a chairlift installed in her home . the new mother is determined not to let her disabilities get in her way . however , this was not possible in the end as her baby was in the breech position so she had to have her daughter , libby , via a caesarean section . lynn said afterwards : ' it 's been a hard journey but well worth it . ' following the birth . lynn has to allow changes she 's always resisted - such as having a chairlift installed in their home - to take place so she can better care for libby with her physical limitations . lynn admits she 's always tried to do things for herself but she admits as a new mother , she has to accept more help for the sake of her daughter . following the safe arrival of libby , the couple had an anxious six week wait to find out if she also has hip dysplasia as there is thought to be genetic link . those with hip dysplasia are five to ten times times more likely to have baby with condition and it 's more common in female and first-born babies . lynn and liam return to hospital six weeks after libby 's birth to hear the good news that she does n't also have hip dysplasia as there is a genetic link . the couple were delighted when a scan revealed libby does not have the condition . however , if she did , the fact it had been detected early would mean doctors would be able to help her . this was something lynn was keen to pursue as her own late diagnosis contributed to the mobility problems she has now . ' i 'm so pleased she does n't have to go through any of it , ' she said after hearing libby 's six week scan gave her the all clear . ' if i have any doubts in my mind or as she 's growing up i will push for her to be checked again . ' my extraordinary pregnancy is on tlc mondays at 9pm .