this terrifying cache of high-power weapons was allegedly found inside a secret basement bunker in the home of two school bus drivers . steve and sarah nick built up the huge arsenal , including a 50-caliber machine gun , a sniper rifle , and 17,000 rounds of ammunition , after it was claimed they stole more than $ 50,000 . many of the 30 weapons were legally owned , but the couple , who are said to have links to the michigan militia , are accused of plundering mrs nick 's 67-year-old mother 's savings to fund the potentially deadly haul . this is the huge weapons arsenal allegedly found inside a secret basement bunker in the home of steven and sarah nick . pictured : genessee county sheriff robert pickell with the haul . the couple are facing a combined total of 15 felony charges , according to mlive.com . police raided their home in davison township , michigan , after concerns were raised by adult protective services in august last year . it is alleged that the husband and wife had gained access to mrs nick 's severely ill mother 's bank account and were writing blank bank cheques to themselves . as well as the huge weapons haul in the basement bunker , officers also discovered a number of bullet proof vests , including one for the couple 's nine-year-old daughter . one of the vest had a patch on it that read , ' we kill for peace , ' the website reported . mrs nick . 32 , was employed as a bus driver for the flint school district and her 33-year-old husband was said to work for davison schools . genesee county sheriff robert pickell said that his officers had seized all of the weapons . ' it 's an issue because they were purchased with stolen money , ' pickell reportedly told mlive.com . steven nick , 33 , pictured left , and his wife sarah , 32 , pictured right , are facing a combined total of 15 charges . they also face charges in relation to a short-barreled rifle allegedly discovered at the property that did not meet the state minimum length . the sheriff said the well-armed couple were linked to the southeast michigan volunteer militia , a group that aim to deter disasters . the nicks were released on bail and are set to return to court on thursday .  