sergio garcia insists he is focused on winning his first pga tour title since 2012 at this week 's shell houston open , despite the masters being just around the corner . rory mcilroy 's bid for a third major victory in succession to complete the career grand slam , plus the question of whether tiger woods will end his self-imposed exile from the game , have dominated the agenda for weeks . but , although the golf club of houston is set up to try to replicate some of the conditions the players will face at augusta , garcia is concentrating on ending his victory drought . sergio garcia lines up a putt during the cadillac championship in doral , florida last month . the 35-year-old , who finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut at augusta , told a pre-tournament press conference : ' i think that every single week it 's a new story and some weeks you play terrible and then the next week you play amazing . ' some weeks you play great and the next week you play terrible and some weeks i play great and then you play great . you never know what 's going to come out . obviously you hope and you wish that you play as best as you can . ' i think that there 's no doubt that obviously the masters is in the back of our minds , but i 'm here to play well , to get in some good rhythm , to have a chance at winning this week and then as soon as sunday finishes then i 'll concentrate on the masters . garcia hits his approach from the fairway at the tpc blue monster course last month . ' i 'm not going to be on the golf course this week thinking maybe let 's try this shot because i 'll have it next week on the 12th or on the 15th or something like that . no . i 'm going to be focused on what i want to achieve here and then when sunday finishes then i can concentrate on next week . ' i felt really comfortable here when i came last year . i wanted to try it again this year and hopefully i 'll do better next week , too . ' spaniard garcia plays out of the trees by the 11th hole at augusta during the masters in 2013 . garcia is also comfortable with the fact that he may never win a major after coming close yet again in the open last year , finishing second behind mcilroy at hoylake . ' if it comes down to me not winning any majors when i 'm done with my golfing career , i 'm not going to be sad , ' he added . ' it 's not the main thing . obviously it 's something nice to have , and if i get it i 'm not going to give it back , but it 's not the main thing in my life . ' i think as you get older , as you get more and more experience , you realize the important things in life . i 'm not saying that winning a major is not important , but it 's not the most important thing in the world . i think there 's a lot of other things that you can do that can not only fulfil you as a player , but also as a person . ' garcia ( left ) stands beside rickie fowler with their runner-up trophies at last year 's open at hoylake . garcia and texas native jordan spieth are the only players in the world 's top 10 left in the field after the withdrawals of henrik stenson and jimmy walker . world number two stenson has the flu and cancelled a trip to augusta , while walker headed to augusta after winning the valero texas open but was taken ill and joined stenson in pulling out . the winner in houston will qualify for the masters if they are not already exempt .