zara phillips has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her first child mia - by hitting the exercise bike every morning before her daughter even woke up . the 33-year-old , who is vying for a place on team gb at the rio olympics , welcomed mia grace with husband mike tindall last year . but after finding herself ' surprised ' by how her fitness dropped during pregnancy , the queen 's granddaughter has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape . scroll down for video . zara phillips has told of how she was surprised at how difficult it was to regain her fitness after the birth of her daughter , mia , one ( pictured left in january and right , last july when mia was six months old ) . ' what surprised me about having a baby is losing all your fitness and how tough it is to get it back to that level again , ' she said in an interview with the sunday time magazine . starting her morning at 7am , zara has a breakfast of greek yogurt and honey and tries to get in a stint on the exercise bike at her home , gatcombe park , before mia wakes at 8am . her day is then typically spent with the horses kept at her mother , princess anne 's stables , before squeezing in another workout . ' lunch is quick and simple , like soup and a sandwich or eggs and toast . i do n't diet but i try to eat well and not to eat too many carbohydrates or sugary things . zara ( pictured competing in the 2012 london games ) said she is keen to win a place on team gb in 2016 . the 33-year-old ( pictured with jessica ennis-hill with their medals in 2012 ) is yet to qualify for the forthcoming olympics . ' in the afternoon i 'll do extra exercise like swimming or cycling . ' zara helped take home team silver at the 2012 london olympics and is keen to compete int he 2016 games . the queen 's granddaughter when she was pregnant in 2013 . ' i hope to be part of the eventing team that goes to the olympics in rio , but first i need to qualify . ' a keen eventer , she said she is eager for daughter mia to spend time around horses as she grows up . ' i expect mia will grow up with horses all around her , just like her mum did , ' she added . the one-year-old 's father previously revealed the couple had ' three shetland ponies waiting for her ' . speaking in an interview in january , mr tindall , who has recently taken part in the reality skiing show the jump , said : ' eventing children have to be very relaxed . ' you are going to travel around a lot . ' earlier this year zara told of how little mia enjoyed playing with her royal relatives prince george and her cousins , savannah and isla . speaking to daily mail australia at magic millions race day in january she said of the duke and duchess of cambridge : ' we 've all got small ones now so it 's great fun . ' prince william and his wife are expecting their second child this week , with palace sources confirming kate 's due date to be april 25 . zara and her husband mike tindall ( above celebrating a win at the grand national last week ) live on gatcombe park next to her mother , princess anne .      