this is the spectacular moment a goose narrowly avoids a snapping fox’s jaw after the sly animal had given an almighty leap in a bid to take down the large bird . however despite the fox’s best efforts to capture the canadian goose - it only came away with a single feather . the action-packed photographs were captured by roger byng , 67 , on the wetlands surrounding the severn estuary in slimbridge , gloucester . lunch ! the hungry fox races across the grass towards the large canada goose ... launch ! he is poised to take off as his startled prey takes flight ... mr byng , from bristol , was in a hide ‘ with the intention of photographing small british birds , such as bullfinches , long-tailed tits and wrens as part of a relaxing day’s photography . ’ however mr byng’s relaxing day’s photography came to an explosive end after he noticed a charging fox out of the corner of his eye . ‘ i suddenly saw it break into a run towards the geese so i quickly moved my camera and lens to focus on the fox , ’ explained the married grandfather-of-nine . ‘ i had no time to change any settings on my camera but managed to capture the action as he tried to take down the goose . ’ gotcha ! the fox leaps but his jaws snap shut a fraction too late to bring down the bird . escape : the goose manages to take flight leaving the hungry fox in its wake . the retired security installer described how the fox came so close to what surely would be a grand catch for an animal that is roughly the same size as its prey . ‘ the fox was on a search for food , evidently being hungry enough to tackle a large goose . ‘ it broke into a run in an effort to take one of the geese , who at the last moment caught sight of his approach . ‘ whilst one of the geese clears the grass and rises into the air quite quickly , the other one was slower to rise enabling the fox to get close . spitting feathers ! the unsuccessful fox drops back down to earth . ‘ it jumped into the air to make a grab , with jaws open and teeth displayed . it is the good fortune of the goose that he gained just sufficient height that the fox was only able to get a bite on his tail feathers . ‘ the fox came away with a single feather , whilst the goose escaped with a squawk ! ’ the wetlands that the pictures were taken on are managed by the wildfowl and wetlands trust and can be accessed by paying a small fee or by taking out an annual membership granting you entry to all of the sites in the uk . mr byng adds : ‘ slimbridge is a wonderful location for witnessing the activity of a large number of birds and wildlife , including migratory species such as bewick swans . ’ 