uber has poached facebook 's security chief joe sullivan in an attempt to double down on rapidly escalating safety concerns . the $ 40 billion taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers . lawsuits have been brought against uber in san francisco and los angeles . a new delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in december . this week in denver , a driver tried and failed to break into a passenger 's home . and in london , a woman was allegedly asked to perform oral sex on her driver . these claims , among others , follow a data leak last may , which saw the details of 50,000 current and former drivers released into the public domain . it is hoped sullivan , the first federal prosecutor to specialize in high-technology crime , can protect uber from potentially crippling ramifications . lifeline ? joe sullivan , 46 , will leave his role as facebook 's security chief to help uber defend safety concerns . there were three high-profile assault cases involving uber drivers in december 2014 . an indian woman said her driver raped her in new delhi , leading to outcries and a temporary ban of uber in that city . it came days after a driver was charged in boston with raping a young woman . the same week , a woman in london revealed that she was offered £20 credit from uber after one of its drivers allegedly sexually harassed her during a cab ride . this week in denver an uberx driver was arrested after he dropped a passenger off at the airport before allegedly driving back to her house , and trying to break in . the cities of san francisco and los angeles are both suing the company for ' misleading the public ' by failing to conduct thorough backgrounds checks . the firm 's first security chief , he brings with him an extensive portfolio of experience in cyber security and privacy . he spent two decades tackling cyber crime security in the private and public sector before joining the justice department . cases included child protection , bank privacy , and digital strands of 9/11 investigations . since , he has headed up the security departments at ebay , paypal , and facebook . though his experience lies in digital protection , uber ceo travis kalanick has also entrusted the 46-year-old with tackling physical security . sullivan 's role will involve liaising with city and state governments around the world as the firm rapidly expands . announcing the hire in a blog post on thursday kalanick wrote : ' we are both in cyberspace and on city streets all at once ; a bridge between bits and atoms . ' and as we get into tens of millions of rides a week , we continue to challenge ourselves to do even better when it comes to safety and data security . ' he added : ' this is a challenge where i get to take what makes silicon valley special and apply it to a product that directly impacts people 's lives everyday as they move around the world 's cities . ' allegations : the rapidly-expanding mobile taxi service has been plagued by claims that drivers are not vetted . looking forward : the $ 40 billion firm 's ceo travis kalanick announced the news in a blog post on friday . there were three high-profile assault cases involving uber drivers in december 2014 . an indian woman said her driver raped her in new delhi , leading to outcries and a temporary ban of uber in that city . it came days after a driver was charged in boston with raping a young woman . the same week , a woman in london revealed that she was offered £20 credit from uber after one of its drivers allegedly sexually harassed her during a cab ride . this week in denver an uberx driver was arrested after he allegedly dropped a passenger off at the airport before turning around , driving back to her house , and trying to break in . the cities of san francisco and los angeles are both suing the company for ' misleading the public ' by failing to conduct thorough backgrounds checks .  