a leading bank official has been fired after being exposed as a nazi-themed dominatrix . the 46-year-old had worked at the central bank of the netherlands for eight years . however , for the past six of them , she has also been offering her sexual services at more than £300 an hour . identified only by her ‘professional’ name , conchita van der waal , she asked clients for requests , saying ‘ the kinkier the better’ . conchita van der waal , pictured , offered a range of ' kinky ' sexual services to clients from €450 an hour . van der waal’s website , which has been taken offline , shows a range of provocative images , including one of her wearing an ss cap . she advises prospective clients : ‘ i have a challenging career in international finance . it takes me to many places ( mainly western europe and america ) . ‘ business meetings , elegant suits , lace stockings , garter belts , hold-ups , stiletto heels . if only my colleagues , clients or boss knew that at night i enjoy my hobby of being a hooker . ’ her online advert advises that she is a native dutch blonde who is a ‘high-class nymphomaniac and prostitute’ . she describes her greatest passion as ‘ raunchy kinky sex with wild strangers and naughty men’ . quote , a dutch magazine , reported that van der waal had a ‘supervisory’ role at her country’s central bank while specialising in sadomasochism in her spare time . after the magazine broke the story , the bank confirmed it had fired her over ‘ integrity issues’ . prostitution in holland is legal although workers at the dutch central bank are not allowed to engage in any activities which could bring the institution into disrepute , such as ‘ indecent behaviour’ . van der waal hinted at her real professional life on her website which has since been removed from the web . the dutch central bank , pictured , told a magazine that van der waal had been fired over ' integrity issues ' . it is claimed that van der waal previously worked with abn-amro , a state-owned bank based in amsterdam . she is also understood to have worked for dutch bank ing , which was fined £417million in 2012 for violating us economic sanctions . it is not clear when she was employed by either institution . according to her website , van der waal’s work outside the financial sector was far more exciting . a picture from one of her online adverts shows the blonde sex worker sprawled across a zebra-print double bed . she wears a revealing leopard-print dress , surrounded by lit candles , champagne flutes and an ice bucket . the picture and the online advert vanished from the internet soon after her identity was exposed . but the images were captured and reproduced by quote magazine before they were taken down . according to the irish times , van der waal could face further action from dutch authorities because she failed to register officially as a prostitute or abide by tax rules . sex workers in the netherlands must ensure they have a vat number and pay income tax , none of which the woman has reportedly done so far . and she may also face difficulties because her ‘s & m studio’ is reportedly in a building where ‘immoral’ behaviour is specifically outlawed under the terms of the contract under which it was bought in 2012 . following the revelations , the dutch central bank said it would review screening procedures for new employees . it said that of the 5,469 prospective staff who had been screened since 2011 , 614 had been rejected . but the firm has been criticised by some in the netherlands for treating the woman unfairly by firing her . prostitution in the country was legalised in 2000 in order to protect women through better regulation and employment rights .  