supernan : eileen mason , 92 , saved her friend from a would-be robber by ramming him with her scooter . a 92-year-old great-grandmother has told of how she saved her 75-year-old friend from a mugger - by ramming him with her mobility scooter . eileen mason and margaret seabrook had been to a lunch club meeting in swindon , wiltshire , when an ' evil looking ' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence . according to the two pensioners , the man initially attempted to get his hands on the contents of mrs seabrook 's scooter basket , before grabbing mrs mason by the arm and reaching for her carrier bag . however , the would-be robber was soon to regret his action , as mrs mason shouted ' oh , no you do n't , ' and slammed on the accelerator of her scooter . the attacker was knocked to the ground , and the motorised pair sped off into the distance . speaking after the robbery attempt , the great-grandmothers said they refused to let the ' weasel ' bring them down . mrs mason said she had seen the young man 's intention to take the contents of mrs seabrook 's basket , before turning on her in an attempt to steal a brand new pair of trousers from her bag . the sprightly 92-year-old says the next few moments were ' a bit of a blur ' and that all she remembers is accelerating her scooter and knocking the man to the ground . mrs mason , who has four children , ten grandchildren and 13 great-grandchildren , said : ' i saw him look into my basket and i said ; ' oh no you do n't ! ' , really loudly . ' i put my scooter into accelerate and turned really fast . the next thing i know he was on the floor . i thought ' my gosh ' . ' i had slowed up because it looked like something was going to happen . he just looked evil , with dark , piercing eyes . ' he came from over my shoulder , caught my arm and pulled me back . ' when he came round the second time , i slammed down on the speed so the scooter went up on to the grass , and when the back end came round it knocked him down . ' he lay there for a moment and then made a quick exit . i have never seen him round here before , and i felt a bit panicky because we did not like the look of him . heroic ladies : mrs mason and her friend margaret seabrook , 75 , had been to a lunch club meeting in swindon , wiltshire , when an ' evil looking ' man tried to rob them of the contents of their mobility scooter baskets . ' you just do n't think this would happen to you on your way home from lunch club . ' we always go together , and it 's a good thing we did , otherwise it would have been much easier for him . ' i might be old but i 'm still quick . i think the way i shouted probably frightened him . ' the next day i was very shaken . we were lucky , because he could have hit us - if he had been able to catch us . ' mrs seabrook , a mother-of-three , who has eight grandchildren and four great-grandchildren , added : ' we came around the corner and he was just stood there by the fence . ' he did n't look right . he had a white baseball cap on his head back to front , which is n't the right way to wear it , and black eyes . ' i heard eileen shout so i swung around and all i saw was him on the floor . i did n't see his face after that because he ran away so fast . ' if he had got my bag he would have got everything , because all my bank cards were in my purse . we were both very shaken up by it , but we can laugh about it now . shocking scenes : mrs mason shouted ' oh no , you do n't ' and ran over the unidentified attacker , after which he made a swift exit , leaving the two great-grandmothers to speed off on their scooters . heroine : mrs mason said the pair were ' lucky ' to get away from the robbery , which took place on this path in swindon , wecause , she says , ' he could have hit us - if he had been able to catch us ' . ' we 've been friends for ten years and we are always on our scooters together , nothing like this has happened before . ' i do n't think it 'll happen again now either , i certainly hope not . they were obviously targeting us because they thought we 'd be an easy target - he was wrong . ' after , i took eileen back to my flat , called the police , and made a cup of tea to calm . ' eileen added : ' everyone on facebook has been going crazy - i ca n't believe it . everyone has been so supportive of us . we just ca n't believe it all really . ' ' we go to the lunch club every week on our scooters and nothing like this has ever happened before . ' we went through the war and all the bombings . we wo n't let a weasel like that hold us back . ' i would stand up for myself again if i needed to , but hopefully i wo n't need to . we will carry on as normal though , he has n't put us off . ' wiltshire police are appealing for any witnesses to the incident , which took place at 1.15pm , to contact them on 101 .