when it comes to personal style and individuality , self-proclaimed ' weirdo ' lena dunham is something of an expert – and now , she’s encouraging young girls around the world to let their freak flags fly , and to follow their passions without conforming to the opinions of any ‘insecure’ critics . the 28-year-old girls star has penned an essay for seventeen magazine titled ‘ why i 'm on team weirdo for life’ , in which she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a ' regular ' girl by altering her appearance . ' i was a bona fide weirdo in high school , ' she wrote . ' my best friend was my dad . ( still is . ) i wore my yellow rubber clogs every day . i was so obsessed with my pet rabbit that i fed her bananas from my mouth . ' scroll down for video . one-of-a-kind : lena dunham , pictured at the january premiere of her documentary , it 's me , hilary - the man who drew eloise , wants girls to be able to express their individuality . tanya taylor cold shoulder striped top . while the dress is n't available online , try the co-ords at saks fifth avenue . visit site . lena dunham has such girlish appeal here with her tanya taylor dress and whimsical polka dot bionda castana lama pumps . she 's really taken on the fashion world and become quite the darling . whenever she hits the red carpet , she 's advocating for real world expectations for women and shows how not everyone needs to be a size 00 to be cute . tanya taylor is also a trailblazer designer . her designs mixes feminine shapes with unexpected prints and details like cut outs and tailoring . her eponymous line launched in 2012 and she 's been carried in stores like saks in the us ( where you can find the top of the co-ord ) to the asia based lane crawford ( where you can find the co-ord skirt ) . nothing screams summer like cerulean blue and white stripes . we can see this dress or co-ord set paired with white hot strappy heels for a night out on the town or ancient greek sandals for a sunday funday . head over to saks to pick up the bundy top and skirt or check out our suggestions for a girlish striped dress . tanya taylor bundy stripe neoprene skirt . visit site . eva franco bold stripe audrey dress at off saks 5th avenue ( now $ 118.99 ) visit site . asos stripe debutante dress . visit site . max c low back striped dress with bow at asos ( now $ 45 ) . visit site . and while no one ever shoved lena into a locker for being the type of girl to bring a ' bagel to the party , not beer ' , she admitted that it was made clear she was n't respected by her peers . lena recalled trying an ' experiment ' , in which she tried to fit in . she wore the ' normal ' flared jeans that were in style at the time and her mom 's tank top . she donned eyeliner , straightened her hair and even padded her bra . while the reactions to her change in appearance were subtle at first , she soon overheard a guy in her class saying : ' wow . she actually looks regular . ' just be yourself : the 28-year-old , who wore her mom 's prom dress for her senior photo ( pictured ) , encouraged girls to be themselves in an essay for seventeen . animal lover : lena shared this snapshot of herself posing with three chihuahuas on instagram last week . but the word ' regular ' did n't sit well with lena , and the next day she was back to wearing her yellow clogs . ' who wants to be regular , especially if it means taking an extra 15 minutes on your hair ? or pretending that you 're not rereading madame bovary again or not crazy about your rabbit ? ' she asked . lena added : ' if regular means pretending you do n't have passions and style , count me out . ' strange love : lena celebrated her three year anniversary with her boyfriend jack antonoff by mocking up image of the two of them with their rescue dog lamby . in character : lena is pictured on the set of girls with her friend and co-star jemima kirke . she noted that daring to be different will cause others to ' lash out ' , and while lena admits that ' criticism is an essential part of being human ' , she explained that most criticism is n't constructive or helpful in any way . ' it 's the result of people in pain about what they perceive as their own failings , ' she said of baseless criticisms . lena explained that she will always listen to her loved one and coworkers when they have issues with her or her work . she also said that she wants her readers and viewers to make her aware if her work upsets them , but it 's the criticism ' born of others ' insecurities ' that she warned girls to ignore . ' you do n't need anyone telling you what your style , substance , or happiness should look like , ' she said .