when planning a romantic trip with his girlfriend to watch one direction in cardiff , he got the first part of his plan right by managing to buy the gig tickets . but jake boys could have done better when it came to organising flights , because he ended up booking plane tickets to the republic of ireland - where he thought the welsh capital was located . the 19-year-old from hailsham , east sussex , surprised his partner emily-victoria canham , 18 , by telling her they would see niall horan , liam payne , harry styles and louis tomlinson in concert . scroll down for video . oops : blundering boyfriend jake boys ( left ) , 19 , surprised his girlfriend emily canham ( right ) , 18 , with tickets to see one direction play in cardiff - but booked flights to the republic of ireland instead of wales . mistake : mr boys ( left ) surprised his partner miss canham ( right ) by telling her they would fly to see the band . but the delight of miss canham , a model from kettering , northamptonshire , soon turned to dismay upon learning that her boyfriend had bought plane tickets to dublin for the millennium stadium gig . she tweeted : ‘ jake tried to surprise me with 1d/mcbusted tickets for cardiff . but he booked flights to ireland , because he thought cardiff was in ireland . ’ arsenal supporter mr boys , who is originally from haywards heath , is now planning to buy a new pair of train tickets to cardiff for the band’s show this june . he tweeted : ‘ i could see the problem . ’ the couple are both popular video bloggers - known as ' vloggers ' , with mr boys having more than 166,000 subscribers on youtube and miss canham more than 114,000 . boyband : one direction band members ( from left ) niall horan , harry styles , liam payne and louis tomlinson .  shock : miss canham , a model from kettering , tweeted her dismay upon finding out her boyfriend 's mistake . miss canham films beauty videos , with her recent posts on the website including ' diy eyebrow routine ' , ' boyfriend does my makeup ' and ' what i got for my 18th birthday ' . meanwhile mr boys makes comedy clips - with his latest videos having titles such as ' ruining my girlfriend 's face ' , ' how to ask a guy to prom ' and ' how to make easter eggs ' . one direction - whose fifth member zayn malik quit the band last month - will be supported by mcbusted on june 5 and 6 in cardiff , as part of their on the road tour . mcbusted are a combined pop group of two bands formed by tom fletcher , danny jones , dougie poynter and harry judd from mcfly , and james bourne and matt willis from busted .