roberto martinez has ruled darron gibson out of the rest of the season after he underwent tests on his damaged metatarsal . the everton midfielder was hurt in the 2-1 win over queens park rangers last month but martinez was hopeful that gibson would be able to play some part in the final seven matches of the campaign . now , though , he has been forced to admit defeat with that plan . it is a blow for the everton manager , whose side have staged a mini-revival in recent weeks , but he insists there is positive lining in that gibson , who missed almost all of martinez 's first campaign with cruciate ligament damage , does not require surgery . everton midfielder darron gibson will not play again this season after damaging his metatarsal . everton manager roberto martinez expects gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape . martinez now expects the former manchester united midfielder to return to pre-season in the best possible shape and maintains he has a crucial role to play in everton 's future . ' i do n't think we are going to see him this season , ' said martinez . ' but i am not too worried about that . it is a tricky injury because if you do n't heal it properly , it could come back . we need to make sure he is 100 per cent . if he is fully fit for pre-season , that would be fantastic . ' darron has been through a lot . we do n't have another player like him in the squad . we are trying to support him . he can add that calm feeling , he has shown his worth and what he is capable of adding . but it is tough , i wo n't lie . it is devastating for him . ' we just have to look at the positive that he does n't need surgery , as at one point it looked very likely . ' martinez , meanwhile , has admitted romelu lukaku is only '50/50 ' to be involved in saturday 's trip to swansea owing to a hamstring injury . the belgian international , whose future on merseyside has been the subject of speculation , has only been making slow progress . everton striker romelu lukaku is only '50/50 ' to be involved against swansea due to a hamstring injury . we will give him as much time as we can , ' said martinez . ' it is still 50/50 as to whether he will make it . we need to make sure he is 100 per cent before we put him on the football pitch again . it is not a big problem but we do not want to take any risks with him . ' but we are very strong in terms of numbers . the squad is developing really strong competition for places . we want everyone fit and available . the squad is big enough to cope with these problems . after the demands of europe , we have fully focused on the league . ' we have been able to cope with the mental fatigue . i do feel that we will learn and the focus is getting good momentum in the season . there are lessons to learn . we are now a more mature team . it 's been a tough season and we will learn our lesson . we want to continue our momentum . '