a morbidly obese man who piled on the pounds thanks to a twice-daily takeaway habit and ' hated leaving the house ' because of his looks has lost 19st in just one year . david rush , 33 , from lisburn , northern ireland , felt that he ' should n't go out ' because of his size but lost the weight after plucking up the courage to start cycling . at his heaviest , he weighed 34st and was forced to order specialist xxxxxl clothes on the internet - the result of topping up his takeaway-heavy diet with six bags of crisps and two bottles of full-fat coca-cola a day . shedding the pounds : david rush , 33 , used to weigh 34st but has shed an incredible 19st in just one year . super slimmer : mr rush now weighs a slimline 15st 4lbs - down from 34st at his heaviest ( right ) . embarrassed by his size and afraid of cruel comments or being forced to squeeze past people , mr rush says he never left the house - and never had a girlfriend . ' i hated leaving the house and going out anywhere because i did n't know if the places i would be going to were tight for space , ' he explains . ' i was that big it made me feel like i should n't be out . my eating was awful - i would have takeaways every night for my dinner and eat junk all through the day . ' but when his weight began to prevent him from walking easily , he decided to take action and ditched the takeaways in favour of a healthy meal plan . mr rush , who now weighs a healthy 15st 4lbs , began shedding the pounds at the rate of a stone a week but , determined to speed up the process , took up cycling . overindulging : mr rush 's old diet consisted of twice-daily takeaways topped up with six bags of crisps . mobility : he plucked up the courage to make a change after having problems walking around . he combined bike rides with 10 mile jogs and vigorous gym workouts and as a result , managed to shed a substantial 18st 10lb in just one year . a newly slimline mr rush says he now feels confident enough to ask women on dates and is training for a half-marathon and a 115-mile charity bike ride . ' since my weight loss my life has changed so much , ' he enthuses . ' i started off with walking but once i started to cycle the weight just came off and i was able to join the gym . ' i 've got my social life back , i 'm out with my friends and i 've got myself a new small car i can fit into . ' mr rush says he has always been big but really began piling on the pounds in his twenties after moving out of his parents ' home . unhealthy habits swiftly crept in , with mr rush frequently eating crisps for breakfast and takeaways for lunch and dinner . shrunk : mr rush and a friend can both squeeze into his old xxxxxl rangers football shirt . new lease of life : mr rush is now training for a half-marathon and a 115-mile bike ride . breakfast - couple of bags of crisps . lunch - sausage supper from the chip shop . dinner - takeaway curry . snacks - five more bags of crisps and huge bottles of coke . breakfast - porridge or natural yoghurt with branflakes and fruit . lunch - cous cous with chicken breast and vegetables . dinner - fruit and yoghurt . snacks - fibre bars or fruit . enjoying himself : mr rush , in the red jacket on the left , cycles up to 85 miles a week . all that changed when his mother margaret began suffering from heart problems , which , combined with mr rush ' own mobility issues , provided the wake-up call he needed . determined to beat the bulge , he joined slimming world and gave his diet a makeover , eating healthy porridge for breakfast and snacking on fruit and yoghurt . mr rush , who works in a storage unit facility , is now saving up for cosmetic surgery because he still has more than a stone of excess skin that he ca n't shift . ' it really gets me down , ' he admits . ' i 've lost all this weight and i 'm still wearing baggy clothes cause i do n't feel confident . ' it does get me down but at the same time i 'm really happy with myself for what i have achieved on my own with no help . ' my life has been on such a journey this last year i feel like i 'm just starting to live . ' looking good : he now wants to complete his dramatic transformation with surgery to remove excess skin .