tragedy : prasanna ‘nick’ arulchelvam died when he fell from a van while chasing a gang of thieves . a courageous shopkeeper was killed when he made a desperate attempt to stop a gang of thieves who had broken into his van in a cash and carry car park . prasanna ‘nick’ arulchelvam ran and jumped through an open side door of their van , but was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away . a customer in the costco car park in watford where the incident happened reported hearing a ‘ nasty crunch’ as the 34-year-old’s head hit the ground . today , the man who pushed mr prasanna to his death was jailed for 11 years after admitting all he wanted was ‘ a few cheap packets of cigarettes’ . mr prasanna had just finished his purchases when he returned to his silver transit van and loaded a large box containing 21 smaller boxes of cigarettes in his van . he took his trolley back to a bay and returned to see that the stock he had bought had been disturbed , luton crown court heard . mr prasanna then gave chase as he saw a separate van speeding off . prosecutor john price qc said : ‘ mr prasanna courageously acted in an attempt to stop the driver getting away . ‘ with equal determination and with an utterly callous regard for his safety , the two men used violence that cost this man his life . ‘ mr prasanna was forced out but managed to hold onto the side of the vehicle before the door was shut and he fell to the ground . ’ a witness said it was as if he had been pushed or kicked away from the van . nothing had been taken from mr prasanna’s van . last october cousins patrick and james o’driscoll were handed jail terms of ten-and-a-half years and seven-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to the manslaughter of mr prasanna . the sentence of patrick o’driscoll , who was driving the van , was later increased to 12 years on appeal . his cousin was in another vehicle at the scene while a third man , michael mcinerney , 34 , was in the rear of the van mr prasanna chased . mcinerney went on the run after he was arrested in december 2013 and bailed . a european arrest warrant was issued but he was arrested in corby , northamptonshire in december 2014 . today he was jailed for a total of 11 years - ten-and-a-half years for manslaughter , two years concurrent for conspiracy to steal , with six months consecutive from the suspended sentence . defence barrister henry hughes said the father of three accepts responsibility for the death of a man who deserved no harm at all . jailed : michael mcinerney was handed an 11 year sentence after admitting to pushing mr prasanna . ‘ he will live with the horror of the consequences of his actions for the rest of his life . he wanted no more than a few cheap packets of cigarettes , ’ he said . judge michael kay qc told mcinerney : ‘ mr prasanna was a hard working man and a family man with a wife and two-and-a-half-year-old son . he is described as a devoted and very loving father and husband . ‘ i can’t help but compare mr prasanna who was a hard-working and lawful citizen with you . what example are you setting to your three children ? “ . ‘ you applied violence to get mr prasanna off the vehicle . you pushed him out of the vehicle which began the chain of events that led to his death . ’ mcinerney , from borehamwood , hertforshire , who was living at the time in radwell , bedforshire , appeared via a video link from woodhill prison , milton keynes . at an earlier hearing he pleaded not guilty to murder and not guilty to conspiracy to rob . his pleas of guilty to alternative charges of manslaughter and conspiracy to steal were accepted by the prosecution . he had 17 convictions for 32 offences and operated with alias names and false dates of birth . at the time mr prasanna was attacked , mcinerney was serving a seven month suspended sentence suspended for 15 months for a similar theft from a motor vehicle at a cash and carry in sheerness , in which a man who tried to stop him fell into the road . the day before mr prasanna was killed , the two o’driscolls had carried out thefts and attempted thefts at booker cash and carry stores in dagenham , chelmsford , colchester and ipswich . on the sunday they drove to radwell and collected mcinerney . the costco in watford where three men - cousins patrick and james o’driscoll and michael mcinerney - tried to grab cigarettes from mr prasanna 's van before speeding off in separate vehicles . all have now been jailed . in two vans they went to three sites , where they stole or attempted to steal from customers at bookers in bedford and luton and at pc world at the staples retail park in hendon , before going to costco in watford . mr prasanna died on june 6 2013 in st mary’s hospital in london , 11 days after the attack on him . he came to england from sri lanka in 1998 and worked for tesco as a manager . mr prasanna later opened his own shop in basingstoke , hampshire , with his younger brother uday . they opened another store in sittingbourne , kent , and were looking at starting a third southampton . four years ago he married shayanthy , 30 , and the couple lived in grandfield avenue , watford with their young son .