a female cyclist was killed in a rush-hour accident with a lorry in central london today . witnesses reported seeing the front wheel of her bike ' completely squashed ' under the lorry following the accident close to lambeth bridge near the houses of parliament at about 9.30am . today 's incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries - prompting cycle campaigners to organise a ' vigil and die-in ' at the site . accident : witnesses reported seeing the front wheel of her bike ' completely squashed ' under the lorry . police response : today 's incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries . one witness told the london evening standard : ' the front wheel of the bike was completely squashed under the front wheels of the lorry . ' another said : ' the lorry was stopped on the roundabout at the junction of the bridge and millbank , and the bike was under the front left wheel . the front wheel was trapped under the lorry . ' and marketer katherine jacques tweeted : ' just walking over lambeth bridge and finding roads shut . another cyclist killed this morning . lorry still there . horrible , eerie silence . ' metropolitan police said officers were called by paramedics at about 9.33am and the cyclist was pronounced dead at the scene at the junction between millbank and horseferry road at 10.03am . a westminster city council spokesman said : ' we are shocked and saddened by the tragic incident at lambeth bridge and our deepest condolences go out to the cyclist 's family and friends . ' councillor heather acton , the council 's cabinet member for sustainability and parking , said : ' i am shocked and saddened by the tragic death of a cyclist , who was someone i knew . ' as with any death on our roads , i shall be making sure that all steps are taken to investigate what happened , and to continue to assess and pursue what can be done to protect all cyclists in the city . ' my deepest condolences go out to the family and friends of the cyclist . the council will continue working with tfl and the metropolitan police to support the investigation into the incident . ' the action group stop killing cyclists has organised a protest at the scene on april 20 at 6pm . memorial : the incident has prompted cycle campaigners to organise a ' vigil and die-in ' at the site . scene : the cyclist was died at the scene at the junction between millbank and horseferry road ( pictured ) . one of the cyclists killed earlier this year was mother-of-two claire hitier-abadie , 36 , who was riding a cycle hire ' boris bike ' when she had an accident with a crossrail lorry in victoria in february . transport for london ( tfl ) drew up improvement plans for the lambeth bridge northern roundabout which it put out for consultation in 2012 . but tfl 's report on the consultation said : ' having considered responses to consultation , and following concerns voiced by westminster city council , we have decided not to proceed with these planned initial improvements at lambeth bridge northern roundabout . ' instead , we will concentrate our resources on developing more substantial improvements that meet the expectations of westminster city council and other stakeholders . ' tfl said today that it was still working on the improvement plans . meanwhile , tfl has announced that work has begun on a £25million package of improvements , including dedicated cycle routes , at elephant and castle northern roundabout in south london . the roundabout had the most accidents involving cyclists in london in the period 2009 to 2013 , according to insurance company aviva . crossing : the accident happened close to lambeth bridge ( above , file picture ) near the houses of parliament . mark johnson , a presenter on share radio 's breakfast show , told mailonline : ' i live in kennington and cycle across lambeth bridge every day to our studios near millbank , so i know how dangerous the roundabout is at the north end of the bridge . ' i 'm also very concerned at the speed that construction lorries travel at in the built up urban areas of central london . ' he added : ' i spoke to police officers at the scene who said they are also very concerned about the issue , but that unfortunately they do n't have any authority to make safety changes . ' they said it 's the borough councils that need to redesign the road layouts to ensure cycle safety . '