the owners of two dogs that got loose and mauled a jogger to death in michigan pleaded no contest on friday to a reduced charge . sebastiano quagliata and his wife , valbona lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer of craig sytsma of livonia , the flint journal reported . ' i 'm so sorry , ' lucaj told sytsma 's family . sytsma , 46 , was attacked by two cane corsos last july in metamora township , 45 miles northwest of detroit . sebastiano quagliata ( pictured ) and his wife , valbona lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of craig sytsma of livonia , michigan , and agreed to 15 years in jail . lucaj ( left ) , a native of albania , and quagliata , of italy , could be deported after serving their sentences . sytsma , 46 , was attacked by two cane corsos last july in metamora township , 45 miles northwest of detroit . the father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos while jogging in metamora township in july , and was ' screaming and begging ' for help in his final minutes . lapeer county prosecutor tim turkelson predicts a sentence of at least 19 months in prison when the two return to court on june 8 . the two have been in custody for months and were facing a second-degree murder charge before making the plea deal . lucaj , a native of albania , and quagliata , a native of italy , could be deported after serving their sentences . they had ' no intention to do anything to hurt anyone , ' defense attorney jason malkiewicz said . ' i think today was the first day my clients got to sit over there and accept responsibly for actions , ' he said . ' i think the death of mr sytsma has sat in their heads for a year and it 's been a nightmare to my clients , as well as everyone involved . ' attorney glenn saltsman said the sytsma family is satisfied with the plea deal , although he believes laws covering dangerous dogs are ' archaic and weak ' . there was evidence that the dogs had attacked other people on the road . ' these dogs should 've never been alive after the first attack , ' saltsman said . the father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos while jogging in july . attorney glenn saltsman said the sytsma family is satisfied with the plea deal . the sentencing will be in june . during the attack , one neighbor , a medic , used a belt as a tourniquet to stop sytsma 's bleeding . helen barwig had to pause the rescue efforts momentarily while the massive dogs came back . ' i 'm bleeding out , ' a desperate sytsma told his rescuer , according to the detroit free press . ' i 'm dying . ' he ' was losing a lot of blood and begged her to not let him die , ' police wrote about incident . it took another neighbor , barwig 's boyfriend edward elmer , firing his .44-caliber magnum at the dogs to end the attack . he struck one of the animals in the leg . sytsma only had time to tell barwig that his name was craig before losing consciousness . he was rushed to a local hospital but soon died of his injuries . his dramatic final moments were revealed in response to a request by the free press under michigan 's freedom of information act . the attack was the third since 2012 involving canines from lucaj and quagliata 's property , officials said . the police records show the two dogs had run loose for months in the small rural community , attacking at least two neighbors months before they killed sytsma . some neighbors began to arm themselves , including the man whose shots eventually scared the cane corsos as sytsma laid dying . the attack was the third since 2012 involving canines from lucaj and quagliata 's property , officials said . ' animal control should have done something , ' said april smith , who was bitten in may 2012 while walking her two dogs . cane corsos are italian dogs that are ' not to be trifled with ' , according to the american kennel club . the akc report about the breed said : ' topping out at nearly 28 inches at the shoulder and often weighing more than 100 pounds , with a large head , alert expression , and muscular frame , cane corsi are at a glance intimidating creatures . ' ' bred as guard dogs for centuries , their imposing appearance is their first line of defense against intruders . '