it was one of the greatest tv series ever made , and changed the way we view our planet and the life on it . now , the sweeping documentary series ' planet earth ' is getting a sequel . the filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet 's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests . scroll down for video of the original planet earth . this photo provided by netflix and wwf-international shows an aerial view of hardy reef , home to the heart reef , in the great barrier reef , australia , an area which will be included in the netflix natural history series , ' our planet , ' in collaboration with silverback films and wwf . the show will focus on the earth 's last wilderness areas and the animals living there . filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet 's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forest . ' our planet ' will focus on the earth 's last wilderness areas and the animals living there , the project 's british producers said wednesday . audiences will have to be patient : the eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for netflix customers internationally . ' our planet ' is being produced by u.k.-based silverback films in collaboration with world wildlife fund , an independent conservation group . silverback company directors alastair fothergill and keith scholey , whose credits include ' frozen planet ' and ' african cats ' as well as ' planet earth , ' will lead the production . ' we will reveal the most amazing sights on earth and show them in ways they have never been seen before , ' fothergill and scholey promised in a statement . the series is intended to wow ' global audiences with the wonder and importance of the natural world , ' they said . ' netflix is proud to be the global home for perhaps silverback 's most ambitious project to date , ' said lisa nishimura of the streaming firm . this photo provided by netflix/naturepl.com and wwf-international shows an african elephant ( loxodonta africana ) in front of double rainbow , in masai mara , kenya , included in the netflix natural history series , ' our planet , ' in collaboration with silverback films and wwf . the eight-part series debuts in 2019 . ' the planet projects have enjoyed great success on netflix and have helped launch new technologies for viewing at home . ' the firm hopes the show will boost usage of its ultra high definition 4k capabilities . ' we think watching our planet , fully on demand in 4k will be an unforgettable experience for our members . ' world wildlife fund is opening its projects in protected areas to silverback films and will join with the company to create multimedia storytelling on wwf 's website and other platforms . the series will introduce viewers to fragile habitats and ' precious species ' and comes at a critical time for global conservation , said colin butfield , wwf executive producer . it also demonstrates the growing power of new-wave tv outlets like netflix , which are claiming turf from traditional broadcast and cable outlets . ' our planet ' predecessor ' planet earth ' was created by silverback for the bbc network in britain and was a hit for discovery channel in america when it aired in 2007 .  