the nation may be waiting on tenterhooks for the new royal baby , but the duke and duchess of cambridge have apparently been taking parenthood second time round in their stride . both william and kate , whose new little prince or princess is due tomorrow , have been seen out on shopping trips this week . on monday , the mother to be was spotted in her local homeware store , zara home , in kensington high street , a short hop from her apartment at kensington palace . both william and kate , whose second child is due tomorrow , have been seen out on shopping trips this week . mulberry double breasted pink coat . sold out ! click to check out the current collection ! visit site . on her last day of royal engagements just weeks ago , the duchess really went out in style . she joined her husband in london and of course she looked as elegant as ever . and if you wanted a hint as to whether she 's expecting a prince or princess , you 've got a clear clue ! she recycled a bright pink coat by british brand mulberry ( whose newest model is none other than cressida bonas ! ) . we love the double breasted style and this gorgeous shade of fuchsia is perfect to add a pop of color to your new season wardrobe . if you thought the pink coat trend was so last year then think again . thanks to labels like burberry prorsum and gucci it 's back stronger than ever . of course , this autumn/winter 2014 collection topper is now all sold out , but click ( right ) to check out the mulberry coats currently available to buy . alternatively , we 've found plenty of pink options on the virtual high street to help you make like kate , ranging in price from missguided to rag & bone . kate spade scalloped coat at neiman marcus . visit site . isaac mizrahi double breasted trench on sale for $ 67.48 . visit site . viyella pink coat at house of fraser ( now reduced to $ 151.63 ) visit site . rag & bone devoe cotton coat at mytheresa . visit site . according to people.com kate , 33 , snapped up a basket full of nick-nacks during her low-key 45-minute visit , as well as some items for prince george - and possibly the new baby too . dressed in a white and green patterned top , jeans and a pair of high-heeled wedges - despite being in the latter stages of her pregnancy - she bought some salad servers , a plain door mat and nautical blue bath towels . in the childrens’ department , kate bought prince george a few gifts , including a set of padded blue and white gingham hangers , some picnic cutlery and tumblers with polka dots . she also browsed some white baskets that could have been for the new nursery . apparently they are one of the stores best sellers . fellow shoppers apparently looked on in astonishment as she queued and paid for her purchases before heading back off down the high street . on wednesday her husband , prince william , was spotted in chelsea department store peter jones , where he snapped up £800 of men’s clothing including trendy jeans and jumpers – clearly keen to take his mind off the wait too .