a litter of adorable baby foxes are being looked after they were discovered abandoned in a cardboard box in a car park in pennsylvania . the newborn cubs were discovered by a woman passing the car park , who noticed the box sitting next to a clothing donation bin . when she peeped inside she saw seven baby foxes – thought to be only 10 days old – sitting together . scroll down for video . the baby foxes are being looked after after they were discovered in a cardboard box , left by a clothing donation bin in a car park . the seven cubs weighed around six ounces each when they were taken in by the pocono wildlife rehabilitation and educational center . three of the rescued red foxes rest with a cuddly toy . once they have grown and gained strength they will be released back into the wild . the cubs were taken to the pocono wildlife rehabilitation and educational center in stroudsbury , where they are now being cared for . katherine uhler , director of the center , said the little creatures - five males and two females - were healthy but dehydrated when they arrived . she said : ‘ they came in at about six ounces each . ‘ there are five males , also known as dogs , and two girls known as vixens . ‘ we know they 're red foxes because even though they 're not red yet , they still have this little white tail . ’ the center is spending more than $ 1,000 looking after the foxes , who are being bottle-fed special ' fox milk ' and formula . ms uhler added : ‘ we had to give them rabies vaccinations and feed them fox milk . ' we gave them pedialyte fluids first then mixed a quart of fox valley formula which is designed specifically for baby wild foxes . vets at the center said they know the cubs are red foxes - among the most common of the species in america - because of their white tales . ‘ we bottle feed them until they are a little bigger , then they 'll start feeding out of the bowl . ‘ when they 're finished feeding out of the bowl then we 'll start feeding them what they eat in the wild which is meat , and some vegetables and fruits . ’ the pack will be returned back to the wild in july . it is costing the center in pennsylvania more than $ 1,000 to take care of the group , which includes five male and two female red foxes . the tiny animals were vaccinated against rabies and have been bottle-fed milk to build them up , before they will start feeding from a bowl . 