at first glance , the ingredients might look pretty normal : dates , sesame , sunflower and pumpkin seeds , and chocolate . but the last step of the recipe for the jungle bar might leave you a little squeamish : cricket flour , which is essentially crickets ground up into a powder . the bar itself is claimed to be a good source of iron and protein - owing to the crickets - but whether you’ll want to bite into one is another matter . scroll down for video . an icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour . called the jungle bar it also contains dates , sesame seeds and chocolate . cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients . the duo hopes it will encourage people in the west to eat more insects . the jungle bar is being developed by icelandic duo búi bjarmar aðalsteinsson and stefán atli thoroddsen through their company crowbar protein . on kickstarter they are seeking £10,000 ( $ 15,000 ) for the insect-powered protein bar . they previously rose to fame with their fly factory , a micro-factory that used larvae to create foods including chocolate cake and pâté . ingredients . dates , sesame , sunflower and pumpkin seeds , chocolate and cricket flour . nutrition information . the bar is 50 grams ( 1.7 ounces ) , 200 calories , contains 8 grams of high quality protein ( 16 per cent of the bar ) and has a shelf life of 1 year . the duo say that insects are a largely untapped source of nutrients in the western world , and they hope their product could spark a change in diet habits . to make the bar , the team has cricket flour sent in , from farm-raised crickets that have been ground down . it is then mixed with the other ingredients to make the unusual bar . cricket flour is useful because it contains a lot of minerals , vitamins and nutrients that are essential for the human body . it has a high protein content , and it’s full of iron , calcium , b-12 vitamin , and omega-3 and 6 . to make the bar , the team has cricket flour sent in , from farm-raised crickets that have been ground down ( stock image of a great green bush-cricket shown ) . cricket flour ( left ) is useful because it contains a lot of minerals , vitamins and nutrients that are essential for the human body . pictured right are inventors stefán atli thoroddsen ( left ) and búi bjarmar aðalsteinsson . if you want to try a jungle bar for yourself , you can buy a box of six on kickstarter for $ 25 . the team expects to begin shipping in august 2015 . ‘ we see jungle bar playing a big part in a food revolution , towards a more conscious era of food , where edible insects are a big part of our diets , ’ said mr aðalsteinsson in a video . the jungle bar is also free from gluten , peanuts , dairy and soy . ‘ insects are an excellent source of protein , good fats , minerals and vitamins , ’ the team said on their kickstarter page . ‘ in fact , they give us exactly what we want in a healthy and nutritious lifestyle , that 's why we use edible insects in jungle bar . ‘ it 's a great alternative to other protein rich foods , and much more sustainable ! ’ if you want to try a jungle bar for yourself , you can buy a box of six on kickstarter for £17 ( $ 25 ) . the team expects to begin shipping in august 2015 . last year the duo unveiled their fly factory ( pictured ) that breeds insect larvae for human consumption . using the micro-factory they created larvae pâté and a coconut-choclate flavoured dessert , and they said the project could be used to help alleviate global food shortages .