pep guardiola hit his critics for six as bayern munich trounced porto to reach the champions league semi-finals on tuesday night . it was an emphatic statement of intent : the german juggernaught is steaming towards the final in berlin on june 6 . the six goals smashed past the hapless portuguese pretenders in the quarter-final second leg at the allianz arena now takes bayern 's goals total for the season to a spectacular and barely believable 115 . and they 're not done yet , not by a long way . bayern still have five bundesliga matches to play as they march towards a third consecutive title , the german cup semi-final against borussia dortmund on april 28 , and potentially three champions league matches , should they reach the final . if guardiola 's goalscoring machine churns them out at their current rate of 2.61 per game , that would mean an eyewatering total of 141 goals for the season . it is n't guardiola who should be feeling the pressure - it 's the rest of europe . here is a breakdown of bayern 's staggering goalscoring so far this season . bayern munich celebrated a 6-1 champions league victory over porto to continue their incredible scoring . thiago alcantara ( left ) heads in the opening goal of bayern 's rout against porto . robert lewandowski ( centre ) scores his team 's third goal against porto at allianz arena on tuesday . sebastian rode ( left ) scores his side 's opening goal against hoffenheim last saturday . robert lewandowski ( second left ) scores past joe hart during bayern 's win at manchester city in november . mario gotze ( left ) celebrates his goal after slotting past hamburg goalkeeper jaroslav drobny ( right ) . thomas muller slots home a penalty against shakhtar donetsk at allianz arena in march . arjen robben celebrates scoring bayern 's third goal against cologne in february . jerome boateng ( 17 ) slots home unmarked against shakhtar donetsk in february . holger badstuber ( 28 ) heads in bayern 's fifth goal against the ukrainian side during another emphatic victory .