the great british bake off presenter sue perkins is taking a break from twitter after men began sending her death threats in response to her becoming the bookmakers ' favourite to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear . last week , a flurry of bets placed on perkins , 45 , propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant position , according to bookmakers coral . but announcing her departure from the social media site this morning , the popular tv personality tweeted : ' my timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead ... this morning , someone suggested they’d like to see me burn to death . ' all of which goes to say that i am off twitter for a bit . love and peace x . ' scroll down for video . death threats : the great british bake off star told twitter followers she 's leaving the site after receiving abuse . sue perkins pictured here with co-stars paul hollywood ( left ) , mel giedroyc ( second from right ) and mary berry ( right ) . among the fans sending perkins messages of support was tv presenter fearne cotton who tweeted : ' there are some awful and sad humans out there . how pathetic . ps you absolutely rock ! ' her co-star paul hollywood wrote : ' there are some strange people out there but nicer people too be with you soon sis xx . ' before leaving the site today , perkins responded to comments by tweeting : ' yawn . a/ not up for the job b/ could n't imagine anything worse than doing it . off you pop and troll s/one else . ' clarkson 's future at the bbc remains uncertain but he will be back on the channel later this month to host satirical quiz show have i got news for you . the corporation investigated the ousted top gear presenter after he attacked one of the show 's producers , splitting his lip and abusing him in a 30-second verbal assault on march 4 . jeremy clarkson , pictured here smoking and looking tired in london today , attacked one of the top gear producers . top gear : jeremy clarkson pictured with former co-stars richard hammond ( left ) , james may ( second from right ) and the stig ( right ) . he was initially suspended by the broadcaster on march 10 for the attack on oisin tymon , before it announced his contract would not be renewed . clarkson will appear on stage with his former top gear colleagues richard hammond and james may later this year to fulfil a series of shows planned before he left the bbc . they will be stripped of all bbc branding and instead be presented as ' clarkson , hammond and may live ' . that means the show which will tour australia , norway , south africa and the uk will not be able to use clips from the show - or even feature the stig . social media : downton abbey star lily james ( right ) quit twitter after being trolled , while matt lucas ( left ) also left the site . sue perkins is not the only celebrity to have left twitter due to bullying and trolling . downton abbey star lily james quit after trolling from fans who did not like her downton storyline . in 2012 , little britain star matt lucas left twitter for some time after a 16-year-old tweeted him a joke relating to his former partner’s death . lucas replied saying : 'i’m not joking . i think you should delete that tweet . it really upset me . '