a surge in support for the snp has left labour facing electoral wipe-out north of the border next month . with the nationalists on course to win up to 50 seats in may , labour finally had something to celebrate today – but only in a charity penalty shoot out . labour 's football-mad scottish leader jim murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the tories in edinburgh . labour 's football-mad scottish leader jim murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the tories in edinburgh today . today's match was organised to help motor neurone disease campaigner gordon aikman in his fight against the terminal condition . the match was organised to help motor neurone disease campaigner gordon aikman in his fight against the terminal condition . mnd patient , campaigner and founder of gordonsfightback.com gordon aikman refereed the show motor neurone disease the red card ' event at spartan 's community football academy . mr aikman was diagnosed with the terminal condition less than a year ago and has raised over £250,000 for research into a cure through his campaign ' gordon 's fightback ' . mnd patient , campaigner and founder of gordonsfightback.com gordon aikman refereed the show motor neurone disease the red card ' event at spartan 's community football academy . before the game , david cameron insisted – like in the upcoming election – the tories could pull off an against-the-odds victory . but labour narrowly won 3-2 , with mr murphy scoring the winning goal . people can donate to the campaign through gordonsfightback.com or texting 'mnds85 £5 ' to 70070 . before the game , david cameron insisted – like in the upcoming election – the tories could pull off an against-the-odds victory . he said : ' i 'm confident the conservatives can pull off a win not only on the football pitch today but on polling day too . whichever team wins today all of us agree that we need to show mnd the red card . ' gordon aikman is an inspiration . the impact of his incredible campaign will have a positive impact for generations to come . ' but labour leader ed miliband said the shoot-out was ' not the first time that the conservatives have been put on the spot ' . he added : ' just like all the other times , i 'm confident labour will win . ' despite the light-hearted digs , the shoot out 's organiser mr aikman welcomed the brief lull in hostilities between the two parties . mr murphy lunges in to tackle his tory opponent in today 's charity game to raise money in the fight against motor neurone disease . tory msp gavin brown ( left ) motor neurone sufferer gordon aikman ( centre ) and the scottish labour leader jim murphy ( right ) ahead of today 's game . he said : ' to see politicians put aside their differences to help people with mnd means a lot . ' whatever the score and whoever ends up in number 10 we need to guarantee that creating a world free from mnd is a top priority . ' it 'll be too late for me , but we can and we must find a cure for future generations . please donate what you can at gordonsfightback.com or by texting mnds85 £5 to 70070 . ' chief executive of motor neurone disease scotland , craig stockton , added : ' this event demonstrates that no matter who you want to see as prime minister after 7th may , the fight to find a cure for mnd cuts across the political divide . 