a vast underground network of pipes could be used to transport freight and deliveries in a bid to end road congestion and pollution . the government has approved funding for cambridgeshire-based mole solutions to develop the idea as an alternative to the conventional systems of transporting goods by road . the plan , called the mole urban project , aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines carrying goods in capsules to edge of town consolidation centres , where they would be collected . scroll down for video . one of the mole solutions capsules inside one of their pipelines at their testing site in northampton . a graphic showing how the mole urban project would work by sending freight in underground pipes rather than on the road . the firm is now looking to see if the concept could be used within the town of northampton and if results are positive , a pilot could see underground pipelines installed to transport goods . the development project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns , although it is still a long way from fruition . the proposal , would see the driverless capsules propelled by a magnetic wave produced by linear induction motors . a track has already been constructed in northampton to test the capsules with data being collected on commercial and environmental influences . however , the firm say that even irrespective of the final results for the test case , the process established in the project can be used to assess other locations that have major congestion and pollution problems caused by excess road usage . the development project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns . dr roger miles , head of mole solutions told the independent : ' clean water is taken into homes and dirty water is taken away and we never really see it , while huge amounts of oil and diesel are transported by pipes and underground . ' now we want to do something similar with freight , delivering goods to buildings and taking away waste . ' the concept has already had funding from the government and is also attracting support from private businesses too . the company is already one of several businesses that have attracted support from the transport systems catapult , a government-funded centre set up to support innovation in transport . the transport systems catapult is currently working with the uk government and over 70 major multinationals on ‘ intelligent mobility’ inventions with major market potential , including driverless cars , underground sensors and freight pipelines . the technology comes after amazon announced they had been carrying out a secret research project which would see packages from the company delivered by drone . amazon has approached the british government about trialling its flying amazon prime air service in the uk . one of its prototype delivery drones is pictured . in december 2013 , the internet shopping giant’s chief executive jeff bezos says that he wants to use octocoptors to replace postmen and cut delivery times to just 30 minutes . customers would have their order dropped onto their front lawn by the machine which would fly through the air from a nearby warehouse with it clasped in a metal grabber . and last month , it was reported that amazon is said to have approached the british government to launch a trial of the technology in britain .  