avril lavigne has revealed she has lyme disease . in an interview with people magazine , the 30-year-old explained the debilitating bacterial infection is the reason behind her months-long absence from the public eye . the singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her . scroll down for video . struggling : avril lavigne has revealed she has lyme disease . she is pictured here at her 30th birthday party in las vegas when she was fully suffering the effects . ' i had no idea a bug bite could do this , ' she said . ' i was bedridden for five months . ' i felt like i could n't breathe , i could n't talk and i could n't move . i thought i was dying . ' i had complete weakness and fatigue . one night i tried to brush my teeth on the tour bus and could n't even stand . ' ' there were definitely times i could n't shower for a full week because i could barely stand , ' she continued . ' it felt like having all your life sucked out of you . ' symptoms of the disease range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue , heart palpitations , paralysis of the face and even dementia . if not caught and treated early enough with antibiotics the condition can persist for years . sick : the singer , seen her performing at planet hollywood in may , told people magazine she had no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her . the disease was recently highlighted after real housewives of beverly hills star yolanda foster contracted it , who reveled she has lost the ability to read , write or even watch tv because of it . incubation period from infection to onset of symptoms is typically two weeks , although it can be months or even years between the two , so it is impossible to say when the bites occur . avril was between the asian and south american world tour when she first developed symptoms . the musician thinks she may have been bitten last spring , and remembers first waking up on night in april drenched in sweat and feeling feverish . she assumed it was the flu , or even exhaustion and dehydration from touring , but when her symptoms persisted , some friends who were familiar with the disease suggested she might have it . however she said doctors were skeptical and did n't want to test her . after her last public appearance in september she tried to celebrate her 30th birthday in las vegas with friends , but she could not muster the energy . awol : the sk8er boi singer said hubby , nickleback frontman chad kroeger , helped take care of her while she was bedridden for five months . ' it was terrible , '' i could barely eat , and when we went to the pool , i had to leave and go lie in bed , ' she said . ' my friends asked , `` what 's wrong ? '' i did n't know . ' it was only several months later of , after a number of emergency room visits that a specialist finally diagnosed her . since october the popstar holed herself up in her ontario home while she recovers , aided by her mom who came to stay with her , while husband , nickleback frontman chad kroeger took as many breaks as he could from his world tour to be with her . she says support from her fans through social media helped immensely , and she now feels around 80 per cent recovered . she now wanst to raise more awareness about the disease . around 65,000 people in europe are infected every year , and 25,000 americans were diagnosed in 2013 , according to the centers for disease control and prevention . the tick normally has to be attached to the host for 36 hours to transfer the infection . ill : real housewives of beverly hills star yolanda foster also suffers from the disease . debilitating : foster recently revealed she can no longer read , write or even watch tv because of the condition . 