it’s been just over three years since dana vulin was set alight at her perth home , resulting in horrific third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body and countless operations to reconstruct her scorched face , arms and torso . now the woman who turned her into a ' human fireball ' , leaving her unable to make simple movements such as straightening her elbows due to the agonising scarring , will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe . lawyers for natalie dimitrovska will on tuesday , in the supreme court of western australia , claim that ms vulin was not as badly injured as she stated in court , based on footage that shows her recovery filmed for channel 7 's sunday night program . dimitrovska , who believed her former husband was involved with ms vulin and was envious of her beauty , vowed to ruin her ‘ pretty little face’ . she walked into ms vulin’s home on february 16 , 2012 , and hurled a bottle of methylated spirits over her setting her ablaze and changing the 29-year-old’s life in every way imaginable . ‘ i lost my enter life , i know that sounds huge but people don’t understand the enormity of not having my functionality , it’s my independence , my sexuality , my everything , ' ms vulin told daily mail australia . scroll down for video . road to recovery : dana vulin suffered horrific third degree burns to her face and body . using skin taken from her legs , doctors have reconstructed the 29-year-old 's scorched skin over countless operations during the past three years . ms vulin has many more operations to come and still suffers greatly with functionality . during dimitrovska’s original trial , in western australia’s district court , ms vulin described how she ' was pretty much instantly on fire ' during the attack . as she continues her long and painful recovery , spending most days in hospital and working with domestic violence and suicide prevention charities in her spare time , the dark prospect that dimitrovska could be freed early looms . ‘i’ve been given a life sentence and she’s complaining about 17 years , ’ ms vulin said . she found out a year ago that dimitrovska was lodging an appeal to argue her sentence for grievous bodily harm with intent was ‘ manifestly excessive’ . ‘ my understanding is she thinks it’s a sentence too long for what she has done . it’s just annoying i just want to move on and she’s already caused me enough pain , leave me alone , ’ ms vulin said . ' i am accepting i’m always going to have scars , which is a necessity to move on ' : almost three years on since her horrific attack , ms vulin spends most of her days in hospital still but is also working with charities . lawyers for natalie dimitrovska ( left and right ) will on tuesday claim that ms vulin was not as badly injured as she stated in court . they are appealing for her sentence to be reduced . she has ‘ no idea’ if her attacker’s appeal will be successful however , as ‘it’s such a unique case , it’s unprecedented , ’ ms vulin explained . since the assault when she was 25-years-old , ms vulin spent two years and eight months wearing a compression mask to help put her face back together . ‘ it made me feel like nothing of me was dana , not the life i lived , the things i did and not the exterior . ‘ i would have rather endured physical pain than wear that mask , ’ ms vulin said . ‘ it helped to shape the face and the pressure was so tight it helped flatten and massage the face and try to keep it from going inside out . ’ the mask has now been removed but every morning when she wakes up she is stiff from her scars . ‘ i am still in the early stages of recovery , i’m looking at least five years , ’ she said . ms vulin spent two years and eight months wearing a compression mask to help put her face back together . ' i would have rather endured physical pain than wear that mask ' : ms vulin said as she looked back on the past three years since the heinous crime . ‘ physically i am accepting i’m always going to have scars , which is a necessity to move on . yes i don’t look like anyone else but i’m damn proud about how far i’ve come and i’m as unique inside as i am outside . ’ the perth woman puts much of her progress down to her personality . ‘ i was always strong . that is peoples’ biggest misconception about me . my looks were a bonus , i was strong in my heart and head before this… you’ve got to love who you are as a person because looks fade , ’ ms vulin explained . however , she has countless more operations to come , with functionality prioritised over cosmetic procedures . dana vulin leaves court after watching the woman who set her alight and left her to burn to death jailed by a perth judge for 17 years . ms vulin , seen here before the attack with her sister , was set alight by a jealous estranged wife of a man she had met once . ‘i’m a modern day frankenstein… it’s absolutely amazing ' : dana pictured here before the attack . ‘i’ve still got so much to work on . i can’t really bend my elbows or raise my arms . 'i’m stuck if i try to overstretch , i get a break down or wound because my skin is splitting , ’ she explained . she spent christmas and new year in hospital having her new chest , shoulders and décolletage area operated on . ‘ it failed the first time so i had to get it redone and it’s starting to scar again . they’ve taken skin from my right leg five times and my left leg four times , ’ she said . ‘i’m a modern day frankenstein… it’s absolutely amazing and the human body is beyond incredible . i am so eternally grateful for the doctors and physios at royal perth , ’ ms vulin added . it would be very easy for ms vulin to be filled with hate about what happened to her but she insists ‘ all i ever do is take positives’ from the situation . ‘ i want my life back . i’m so grateful i’m alive , i can see , i can smell , i can touch . i still feel grateful . ' i want my life back . i’m so grateful i’m alive ' : today ms vulin is looking at the positives to move forward . ‘ i guess every day is a reminder but i try not to think that she did this me . i want to give it no power . i just have heartache and one step forward is ten steps backwards with the burns . ‘i’m used to disappointment now but i’m also used to getting back up and kicking it in the face , ’ ms vulin said . as ms vulin continues on her recovery she is now working with the men in black suicide prevention charity , is an ambassador for the kiss violence against women goodbye campaign and is also representing lifeline wa in the 2015 hbf fun run as their official charity ambassador . ‘ i try to get behind most charities but i guess with violence against women and the run it is all about a lifeline for healthy mind and healthy body , that 's something i 've experienced first hand through my recovery , ' she said . to support dana vulin visit her facebook , twitter and instagram pages .