british airways suffered three plane diversions in just over 24 hours . a medical emergency and two technical issues meant delays for hundreds of passengers on aircraft that were all bound for heathrow over the weekend . an airbus a321 from baku , azerbaijan to london was forced to return back to where it had set out from only 11 minutes after a 9.20pm local time departure on friday evening . there were three diversions in just over 24 hours of ba planes over the weekend ( file photo ) . despite ba denying an engine fire forced one of it 's london-bound planes to return to baku , azerbaijan , customers believed different on board . the # ba144 was carrying 92 passengers and crew . there were reports at the time that the pilot had alerted ground staff of an engine fire . however a ba spokesperson denied there was a fire , telling mailonline travel : ' the pilots decided to return to the airport after reports of a technical issue . ' our flight crew are highly trained and the aircraft landed as normal . our customers on this flight were rebooked on alternative services . ' flight ba198 had set out from mumbai , india for london at around 1.30pm local time on saturday when it took a holding pattern above turkey , and landed at istanbul . one passenger on the flight told airlive.net that ' the engine was leaking and there was not enough fuel to get back to london . ' a passenger on board the mumbai to london flight reported of a problem with the engine . of the incident , a spokesperson for ba said : ' the pilot diverted as a precaution after a report of a minor technical issue . ' we despatched another aircraft at the earliest opportunity and provided accommodation for our customers who then continued their journey to london . ' however writing on the aviation herald , dr david crome said : ' ba flew out the replacement plane , but then they delayed boarding for two hours due to a blocked toilet . three planes into heathrow were diverted meaning long delays for passengers at the weekend . ' numerous passengers missed connecting flights and no email or text communications sent out to us , or any mention of how to make any compensation claims . ' passengers were put up in hotels and flew out the following morning , an overall delay of 21 hours . finally , a medical emergency saw the third flight in 24 hours - flight # ba76 from luanda to london - diverted to paris charles de gaulle after leaving the angolan city just before midnight local time on saturday evening . ' the flight to luanda landed in paris to ensure that an unwell customer received medical treatment , said ba . ' the unscheduled landing in istanbul of the flight out of mumbai worried some twitter users . the spokesperson continued : ' we operate up to 800 flights per day and there are occasions when minor incidents result in a delay to our customers’ journey . ' we apologise for any inconvenience caused when this happens but the safety and well-being of our customers and crew is always our first priority . ' none of our flights were forced to make emergency landings . in the unrelated incidents , our flight crews took the appropriate action to divert due to minor technical issues or as a result of a customer being unwell on board . ' 