a canadian man found a novel way to take in the sights while travelling across country , by taking an rocking chair with him . kalman kallai enjoyed the spectacular canadian scenery from the comfort of a green chair while journeying from borden , ontario to comox , british columbia for work purposes . calculating that the drive would take him across a colossal 2,796 miles ( 4500km ) of land , mr kallai believed that his journey would be more interesting if he used it as an opportunity to see more of his country . the traveller sits before corn , a café , boats and water , before he is featured rocking and making gestures with his hand . mr kallai and a friend mimic the planes that fly past at the beginning of the traveller 's adventure . after picking up a green rocking chair that he acquired for free from online advertisement site kijiji , the traveller attached his trailer and set off on the nine-day journey . the video begins with mr kallai carrying his chair to a wooded area , before placing it down and taking a seat . he wears a green hoody , blue jacket and hat – clothing items that remain a running theme throughout the course of the video . mr kallai travelled from borden , ontario to comox , british columbia for work purposes . sat rocking on his chair watching a number of aeroplanes taking off – perhaps at this point wishing he was on one himself – the traveller is joined by a friend . the pair sit and mimic the plane’s wings before shaking hands and waving goodbye to one another , to allow mr kallai to continue his adventure on his own . the traveller is then sat before corn , a café , boats and water , before he is featured rocking and making gestures with his hands . the traveller wears a green hoody , blue jacket and hat in every clip of himself in the video . mr kallai takes time to pose precariously on a river bed while journeying across canada . he momentarily leaves the chair to chase some birds on a beach before making his way through a field and waving at some cows . later in the video the traveller is met by his dad , who humorously steals the rocking chair before he is swiftly removed . continuing a good portion of the journey together , the pair dance and jump around in front of rapids and tease a number of large statues . creature comfort ! mr kallai makes a number of hand gestures in the video and even waves at cows . despite hauling the rocking chair around in a trailer , the traveller is also featured carrying it on his head . mr kallai said : ‘ i brought my dad with me for part of the trek . it was a great bonding experience , as we shared many laughs . ‘ i heard some pretty interesting stories about his youth that i had n't heard before , especially since my mother was n't on the trip with us . ’ the pair reach manitoba together before they meet with some people and the traveller’s father leaves his son to journey on by himself . mr kallai is joined by his dad while journeying across the country and the pair jump around and dance together . the traveller said that he shared many laughs with his dad and that it was a great bonding experience . hauling the chair around on his head as much as in his trailer , mr kallai takes time to pose precariously on a river bed and even a railway track . arriving in alberta the temperature suddenly plummets and a lot more snow features in the following images . eventually however , mr kallai reaches british colombia and the video concludes with him carrying his rocking chair into what appears to be his new front room and taking a seat . mr kallai videos himself sitting on a railway track on the chair he acquired from online advertisement site kijiji . the journey took the traveller nine days to complete and a total of 4500km of land was covered .