ashley young is desperate to avoid being part of the first united team to lose five successive manchester derbies . united have more silverware in their trophy cabinet , but city have had the better of their local rivals during the last couple of years . last november 's 1-0 victory at the etihad stadium was the fourth successive derby win for city . the last time they achieved that feat was 60 years ago . ashley young ( right ) wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by neighbours manchester city . ander herrera celebrates scoring as united move above city for the first time this season . united have lost the last four derbies to city : 8 april 2013 united 1-2 city . 22 sept 2013 city 4-1 united . 25 march 2014 united 0-3 city . 2 nov 2014 city 1-0 united . united have never lost five straight matches to their local rivals and young wants to end city 's dominance this weekend when the blues come to old trafford . ' that 's something you want to put right , ' the united winger said when asked about city 's recent dominance in this fixture . ' it will be another massive game . ' despite city 's recent success in derbies , united go into the match as favourites after registering five straight league wins . that run has helped united move into third , one point ahead of city , who slipped to their third defeat in five games at crystal palace on monday . the champions defeat by crystal palace was manchester city 's third loss in five games . young thinks united have a good chance of defeating the barclays premier league champions if they maintain their current form . he said : ' we know it will be tough but as long as we can play the way we have shown , especially in the last few games , and add to that , it 's going to be a great game and hopefully we will get the three points . ' we want to keep the momentum going and the positive play . ' finishing above city would represent a major coup for manager louis van gaal , especially after the way his team started the season . but , wary of the fact that seven matches remain , young is not letting himself get too carried away despite united 's recent upturn in form . sergio aguero ( right ) celebrates after scoring the winner in the last manchester derby in november 2014 . ' it would be nice ( to finish above city ) but we are just taking each game as it comes , ' the 29-year-old said . ' it is obviously going to be another tough one against city next week but we will prepare as well as we can do as we always do . ' young 's form has been key to united 's recovery . the former aston villa midfielder has been so good recently that he has kept record signing angel di maria out of the united team . that has not been enough to get him back into the england squad though . many tipped young to earn an england recall after 19 months in the wilderness , but manager roy hodgson left him out of his squad to face lithuania and italy . young is hoping his revival at old trafford can force him back into england reckoning . young revealed hodgson did not call him to explain his absence from the 24-man party when it was announced . ' there was no conversation ( with hodgson ) , ' said young , whose last england cap came against ukraine in september 2013 . ' obviously i will always want to represent my country . i was a little bit disappointed not to be in the squad , but i have just got to make sure i am playing well here at united and hopefully i will get the call at some time soon . ' 