to mark the point at which manchester united 's season really began to turn around , you have to go back further than the win against tottenham last month . the truth is that a dark , cold night at preston north end in mid-february is more significant . united were poor that night in the fa cup at deepdale , coming from behind to win . that , however , was the night wayne rooney was restored to a centre-forward position , the night louis van gaal finally began to realise the best place from which his best player and captain should lead was from the front . manchester united captain wayne rooney has been returned to his preferred position up front . the 29-year-old had previously been deployed in midfield this season and united had struggled . now , manager louis van gaal ( left ) looks set to unleash an in-form rooney on manchester city on sunday . united actually lost their next game at swansea but have subsequently won their next five in the league , with rooney scoring four times . incredibly , given the pattern of this season , they head into sunday 's derby game with manchester city as slight favourites . prior to that night in lancashire , rooney was on the verge of knocking on his manager 's door to ask for an explanation about his deployment in the centre of midfield . it seemed as though van gaal was about to experience his first very real problem at old trafford . whether he sniffed something in the air , we will never know . but van gaal performed a sharp volte face at just the right time and rooney has gone on to become the most significant figure in united 's return to relevance . at old trafford , just as he has since cristiano ronaldo left for real madrid almost six years ago , rooney represents the most serious threat to city 's prospects . prior to the win over tottenham , rooney stood before his team-mates in manchester 's lowry hotel and delivered an impassioned call to arms . he is once more the central figure at his club , in more ways than one . ' i think some people mix up scoring goals with form , ' said van gaal yesterday . ' for us wayne is very important as a player , as a captain and because he can score goals . but he can do that from midfield , too . the last goal he scored — against aston villa — came when he was playing in midfield . ' van gaal 's mid-season deployment of rooney in midfield remains a sensitive subject . no coach likes to admit he may have been wrong . all that matters now , though , is the 29-year-old 's current trajectory , which is undoubtedly upwards . his name is written right through recent derby history of course . he is the fixture 's record goalscorer and the scorer of one of its most spectacular goals , that remarkable overhead kick back in 2011 that some city supporters , rather oddly , still maintain came off his shin . previously there had been the transfer saga of autumn 2010 . courted heavily by city as he prevaricated over a new united contract , rooney most definitely had his head turned . to this day , rumours persist of meetings in an underground car park at the etihad stadium — that one has always seemed a little fanciful — and promises of a salary in excess of £300,000 per week . rooney scores his side 's second goal during united 's 3-1 premier league victory over aston villa . what we do know is that there was a point when city and their manager roberto mancini thought the transfer was about to happen . so , too , did many united fans . ' join city and you 're dead ' warned graffiti on a city-centre poster carrying his image at the time . had it done so then these fixtures would probably never have been the same again . as it is , derby day now finds rooney even more fired up and motivated than ever . city have won the last four and one only has to scroll through the tapes to watch the england centre forward 's body language , especially during last season 's 4-1 reverse at the etihad , to see exactly how that has gone down . rooney may be a liverpudlian but he understands the city rivalry better than most at his club . in stretford , rooney has the opportunity to ease united clear of manuel pellegrini 's team . when asked yesterday if he has a leader of the united captain 's ilk in his squad the city manager was less than convincing . ' every squad has different kinds of personalities , different players , ' said pellegrini . ' all of them have different options to motivate in different ways . ' i do n't think it 's good to analyse the personality of our captain . in a squad you must have not just one leader , not just the captain . ' city captain vincent kompany has been struggling with a hamstring injury but is expected to play against united , albeit with discomfort . he has admitted rooney 's volley of 2011 stayed with him for some time and it 's little wonder . it remains a stand-out memory of recent fixtures and rooney now finds himself in the perfect position to contribute some more . rooney scores a sublime over-head kick during the manchester derby at old trafford back in 2011 . manchester city captain vincent kompany is expected to play in sunday 's derby , albeit in some discomfort . 