after hitting nine past granada at the weekend , it 's safe to say real madrid 's attacking prowess is n't misfiring at present . and for real boss carlo ancelotti he now faces the enviable dilemma of trying to fit in his array of stars into his starting line-up . however , as spanish paper as reports seven players into six spots does n't go - with one set to be upset at being left out of his preferred 4-3-3 formation . spanish papers report on the attacking selection that real madrid boss carlo ancelotti now has at the club . for the first time since november midfield quartet isco , toni kroos , luka modric and james rodriguez are all fit and available alongside famed ' bbc ' triumvirate of gareth bale , karim benzema and cristiano ronaldo . marca also recognises this issue at the santiago bernabeu . leading with the headline ' blessed problem , ' the publication states that ancelotti will have to choose between either isco or rodriguez to finalise his best starting line-up . the madrid-based paper further adds that the latter is the favourite due to his impressive stats in his debut season at real to date . in all competitions so far , the 23-year-old has scored 12 goals and provided 11 assists in comparison to isco 's five and six . over in italy , the fallout at the demise of giants inter continues with corriere dello sport reporting that there is a huge divide between italian and foreign playing and non-playing staff . the main issue of contention at the san siro outfit appears to be at boardroom level though with managing director marco fassone and ceo michael bolingbroke said to be wanting to take the club in different directions . over in italy , corriere dello sport focuses on the internal struggles at fallen giants inter milan . meanwhile tuttosport looks ahead at the coppa italia semi-final second legs taking place in midweek - with fiorentina 's clash against juventus taking centre stage . the paper reports that juve boss massimiliano allegri will pair star striker carlos tevez and alvaro morata together for the trip to florence , while viola manager vincenzo montella is looking for another moment of magic from on loan chelsea midfielder mohamed salah . and finally in france , the reaction to paris saint-germain 's pulsatring 3-2 win at title rivals marseille on sunday continues . l'equipe state that exciting affair at the stade velodrome is confirmation that ligue 1 is progressing and becoming more appealing - while the result adds an extra spice to this year 's championship race . as it stands , psg sit top of ligue 1 with 62 points after 31 games - just one ahead of second-placed lyon and five ahead of marseille in third . in france , l'equipe reports that psg 's 3-2 win at marseille is an indictment at the improvement of ligue 1 .