juventus coach massimiliano allegri goes into this weekend 's serie a games admitting he does not expect to be fully embraced by the team 's fans until he steers the club to a title . having joined the turin outfit last summer , several months after being sacked by ac milan , allegri has hardly put a foot wrong , coaching juve to a commanding lead in the race for the scudetto . allegri , who replaced antonio conte last summer , and juve will go after another three points on saturday when they host empoli . juventus manager massimiliano allegri instructs his side from the touchline , who are top of serie a . ' when i arrived , i feared that i would not be able to win the hearts of the fans because i had promised to achieve that with results , ' allegri told his club 's official website . ' i have forgiven the initial scepticism because it was right to do that . what happened last july to juventus was a shock ( conte 's resignation ) . ' we have worked and are having a good season that we need to conclude positively , seeing as we have not won anything yet . ' juve are 14 points clear of roma at the top of the standings with 10 games remaining . if they win the league , it will be a fourth straight scudetto for the club . carlos tevez ( centre ) scored twice as juventus cruised past borussia dortmund in the champions league . allegri has also guided the bianconeri into the champions league quarter-finals and the coppa italia semi-finals . roma , who are just one point clear of lazio , host fellow champions league hopefuls napoli on saturday . lazio carry a six-match winning run in serie a with them to sardinia to face cagliari . the biancoceleste hold the last champions league qualifying spot and are four points clear of nearest rivals sampdoria . samp make the trip to florence to take on fiorentina also in fine fettle after winning their last four league games . france 's paul pogba has been an integral part of the juventus side 14 points clear at the top of serie a . fiorentina are two places and two points behind saturday 's opponents and are unbeaten at home in serie a since november 9 . ninth-place genoa , with just two points collected since since february 15 , face udinese at the luigi ferraris stadium . ac milan , who beat cagliari 3-1 before the international break , square off against palermo at la favorita . inter milan lock horns with bottom-side parma at the san siro with the nerazzurri desperate to snap a six-match winless run in all competitions . rafael benitez 's napoli side need to beat roma to realistically qualify for the champions league . atalanta will try to give edy reja his first victory when they host torino . the bergamo club has not won since february 1 . cesena , with just one triumph away from home all season , travel to verona to face hellas . domenico di carlo 's cesena have won one of their last seven league games and are five points adrift of safety . chievo have lost just one of their last seven games to stave off the threat of relegation . they are in 15th place and 11 points clear of the drop zone heading into their game at sassuolo .