this is one safety video you wo n't be able to take your eyes off . a dramatic virtual environment has been created using a headset that shows how passengers would survive a plane crash landing on water . the short film has been developed on an oculus rift - a virtual reality headset - by italy 's university of udine 's hci lab . it is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water . the video is based on an actual event when , on january 15 , 2009 , u.s. airways flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water . following a series of bird strikes , both engines failed , and the airbus a320 , piloted by captain chesley b. sullenberger was forced to land in the hudson river . incredibly of the 155 on board , only one person was hospitalised ovenight , and the incident became known as ' miracle on the hudson . ' with the dramatic background music , this video could well prove to be much more effective than a safety notice and demonstration . the scene begins by the passenger being welcomed onto the plane by the flight attendant , before a gentle walk to locate the seat . the start of the virtual reality programme starts casual enough as the passenger moves to their seat . a large bang is heard on the simulation before the plane starts to rapidly descend . once seated the film jolts into action when a loud bang is heard , and the plane rocks from side to side . as the plane descends quickly and abruptly , the user is told that the ' goal is to come out unharmed from the aircraft by following safe procedures . ' the first thing to do is inflate the life jacket . what follows is a jog down the cabin and to the emergency exit , where the flight attendant is beckoning you out of the door and onto the evacuation slide . the video pans to the passenger reaching into the overhead lockers for their luggage . but doing this results in putting yourself in immense danger of drowning in the incoming water . there are cries , screams and shouting , just what you would expect from the real thing . a chilling scene then appears telling you to beware of making mistakes - in this instance it is wasting time grabbing luggage . this is shown when , after grabbing the luggage , the passenger is overcome with water - this actually forces the man who has taken the simulation on to remove the headset and puff his cheeks . speaking to mailonline travel , luca chittaro , head of the project , said : ' the ' emergency water landing vr ' demo we have just released for the oculus rift was developed in the last year , and is just one of a series of aviation safety education games we are developing for all possible technological platforms , not just the oculus rift . ' airlines are already using video safety briefings on-board some aircrafts and they do not seem to engage passenger 's attention any more than conventional briefings . of the simulation video , he added : ' it 's a personalized , experiential way of learning , more engaging than passively watching a video or a safety briefing or reading a safety card . ' this user made it as far as the ' what happens if you reach for your baggage ' before the water overpowering him made him remove the headset . and it produces measurable results . ' in the study of our virtual water landing experience , we had one group of people study a traditional airline safety card and another group playing the virtual reality game , ' added chittaro . ' after one week , people who had studied the safety card suffered a significant loss of knowledge , while passengers who had played the game fully retained the safety knowledge gained . ' considering that ' emergency water landing vr ' is the world 's first prototype of an airliner water landing and evacuation experience , we are satisfied with the result . '   