a 73-year-old councillor stabbed his wife eight times with a seven-inch kitchen knife after discovering she was having an affair with the postman , a court heard . joseph o'riordan was sitting on polegate town council in east sussex when he grew suspicious his wife , amanda , 47 , was having an alleged affair and hired a private investigator to follow her . brighton magistrates ' court heard they agreed to stay together but o'riordan later attacked her - stabbing her in the chest , torso , arms and back . joseph o'riordan stabbed his wife of ten years amanda ( left ) with a seven inch kitchen knife eight times . the couple had been married for ten years when o’riordan , who was also the president of his local royal british legion and had attended the queen’s garden party in 2013 for his work on the diamond jubilee celebrations , discovered his wife was in a relationship with a man named in court as nicholas gunn . mr gunn had been the postman in the couple 's neighbourhood before moving away from the area . after becoming suspicious of mrs o’riordan , a jealous o’riordan used a gps tracking device to monitor her car journeys and hired a private investigator to follow her . on the day of the attack , in october last year , the couple were at mrs o'riordan 's mother 's house to help with the shopping when the councillor received a call , believed to be from mr gunn . giving evidence in a pre-recorded interview , mrs o'riordan said : ' after the phone call he came back into the room and i could see a shift in his mood . ' we left my mother 's to get some food at kfc , and in the car joe said to me , `` you can probably tell there is something wrong '' . ' he then told me he had hired a private investigator and told me i had lied to him about previous phone calls i had received . ' on the journey home mrs o'riordan tried to get out of the car , but was dragged back in and held down by her husband so she could not to escape . when they got home she went straight to the bedroom to dump her handbag and o'riordan asked why she had not removed her coat . brighton magistrates ' court heard he hired a private investigator to follow his wife and discovered she was having an affair with their postman , nicholas gunn . she replied : ' i 'm not sure if i am going to stay here , i might go back to mum 's for a cup of coffee . ' o'riordan then left the room before returning with the seven inch knife and allegedly cried out : ' you have made me do this . this is all your fault . ' he stabbed his wife violently before calling her an ambulance and admitting to the call handler what he had done . the court heard an audio clip of the 999 phone call in which o'riordan can be heard saying : ' my wife 's been stabbed in the stomach . she 's bleeding really badly , she could be dying . ' it was me who stabbed her . she 's lost quite a lot of blood . i want to look after her , it 's me who 's done this to her . ' in the tape mrs o'riordan can be heard groaning in pain in the background before sirens sound and police arrive . she suffered life-threatening injuries including a collapsed lung in the vicious attack . dale sullivan , prosecuting , said : ' in the evening of that night , joseph o'riordan went from his bedroom to the kitchen and selected a knife before returning to the bedroom to stab his wife multiple times . ' the issue in this case is a narrow one , but it is simply this-on october 22 did joseph intend to kill amanda ? ' . sussex police constable steven wilson said : ' mr o'riordan 's demeanor struck me as unusual under the circumstances . ' he was compliant and co-operative and had a distinctive bored air about him . ' o'riordan pleaded guilty to wounding with intent but denied a charge of attempted murder . the trial continues .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .