a young father has paid tribute to the toddler son he almost lost by getting a massive tattoo of the boy 's portrait on the left side of his face . christien sechrist , a 20-year-old from houston , texas , had a black and white image of his young son perseus etched onto the left side of his head in july . but a snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on imgur earlier this week . and despite his critics ' negative reactions to his tribute tattoo , christien told buzzfeed that he does n't regret his decision to get the controversial ink , even claiming that he would happily get it done again . bold statement : christien sechrist ( pictured ) has a large tattoo of his son 's portrait on his own face . the detailed portrait of the trainee electrician 's son perseus , which features his chubby cheeks and big eyes , takes up the entire left side of christien 's face , starting at the corner of his eyebrow and ending down by his chin . there is even some additional detail featured on his ear lobe . when he shared a picture of his new ink on his facebook page last summer , christien gave a shout out to the tattoo artist who designed the creation by thanking him for accurately rendering his son 's image . ' thanks cody gibbs for doing awesome work on me . looks just like my son , ' he wrote . but christien soon found himself being berated by his friend ashlee nicole who asked if the picture was a joke . after christien confirmed that it was n't , ashlee expressed her frustration with his choice of location for the tattoo , noting that the ink would likely make it difficult for the young father to get a job in the future . ' why on your f****** face ? ! how are you ever going to get a real f***** job to support your son with a tattoo on your face ? ' she asked . doting dad : the 20-year-old , from houston , texas ( thought to be pictured with his son perseus ) , insists that he has no regrets about his distinctive facial ink , and claims that his young son ' loves it ' . snap a selfie : christien has eagerly defended his facial ink to his friends on facebook , many of whom questioned why he chose to get the tattoo in such an obvious location . ' it 's not funny ! ' ashlee continued . ' i 'm going to make you come live with [ me ] so you do n't do stupid sh** like this . although it is a nice tat , you should have put it somewhere else . ' christien went on to call it a ' beautiful tattoo of a beautiful face on top of another beautiful face ' . meanwhile , another friend , david overbey , predicted that regret would eventually set in . ' i give it [ three ] years before the regret starts [ rolling ] in , ' he said , before noting : i 'm not judging [ though ] . i think it 's great work . but society frowns upon face tattoos . ' christien responded by saying : ' well my son looked at it [ and ] smiled so that 's all i care about . ' meanwhile , derek farmer argued that there are better ways to express his love for his son . artistic expression : christien already has a large tattoo design on the right of his face and the back of his head ( pictured ) . family ties : the doting dad posts numerous pictures of himself and his family on his facebook account . ' you do n't need a portrait of your child on your face to convince your love for him , ' he wrote . ' it takes more than that . ' although not everyone was so judgmental . cody meyers commented : ' yeah bro that does look sick , i plan on getting allot of art done [ sic ] . ' it 's nine months later and christien is still a fan of his ink , telling buzzfeed that his son ' loves it ' . he also has a large tattoo design of a skull and a flower on the opposite side of face . and contrary to popular opinion , the tattoo enthusiast said the his dramatic face ink has not affected his ability to find work .