it 's that time of year again - the in between seasons moment when you look in your wardrobe and genuinely believe there is nothing suitable for the weather outside . in the springtime , the shops are full of new season clothes that are just waiting for a sunny day but still unsuitable for the ever-changing british weather . cotton dresses , cut-off mini skirts and denim hot pants all need to wait until at least june for an appearance . scroll down for video . lily melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on instagram . so what to do if you want to embrace summer style now , but keep away from the shops for another couple of months ? fortunately , there are still plenty of crafty ways to keep your wardrobe current - and all you need is a pair of pliers , a glue gun and some scissors . uk stylist and blogger lily melrose has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style , without breaking the bank . read on to find out the diy tips for making your clothes up to date ... lily models her updated dress , complete with necklace collar . evening glam . perfect for a night out with the girls , give your trusty little black dress a gorgeous splash of glam that captures this season’s catwalk style by using an old necklace to create a stunning jewelled collar effect . use pliers to separate the necklace into individual jewels , position the pieces around the collar and simply use a glue gun to attach , instantly adding ‘ the glam factor’ as seen on matthew williamson and house of holland collections this spring . off-duty pastels . dip-dye is big news this season and a subtle dip-dye effect will add a burst of spring colour to any daytime look . hand dye and a bowl is all that is needed to update last year’s festival staple , the white vest . carefully dip the first few inches of the vest into your favourite pastel shade and leave to dry . lily’s top pick is on-trend blush pink and styled with jeans and a leather jacket for a casual daytime look . lily shows you how to update sunglasses . diy designer shades . as the sun comes out , it’s time to dust off last year’s sunglasses . for an effortless , high-impact update , take some jewels or artificial flowers and carefully glue these to the brim or sides of the sunglasses in a symmetrical design . already a trend seen on the faces of dolce & gabbana and prada catwalk models this season , this simple and cost-effective design will ensure you’re one step ahead of the fashion set . dare to bare ( your knees ) . you don’t need to buy a new pair of jeans to sport this season’s biggest denim trend – plus worn jeans are softer too so they’re much easier to customise . cut a rip just above the knee cap and then pull out threads and distress the edges for the perfect laid-back cool look . team with patterned tights underneath for a fresh take on this look . hair jewelry . the les copains label was among those adorning catwalk hairstyles with statement jewellery , but you don’t need to buy them . carefully attach old necklace jewels ( broken down by pliers ) onto hairgrips with glue and leave to dry , to turn a boring hair day into a cute one . headphone sparkle . in fact , embellishment can be used to spruce up any accessory – take inspiration from dolce & gabbana’s bejewelled headphones and add some sparkle to your commute by adding old jewels and diamantes to the outside of your beats headphones . fringed boots is a key look for 2015 . seventies chic . the seventies look has exploded on to the high street from the catwalks , but instead of going all in with flared jeans and heavy prints , try wearing existing key items in a new way . channel the vibe with a high waisted skirt ( bonus points if it’s the classic seventies shade of camel ) , teamed with a tucked in black polo neck . for extra fashion points , cut off the sleeves of the polo neck as seen in topshop this season for an easy update for spring . crystal slippers . take last year’s slipper shoe and update for this season by attaching some studs to them for an edgy spring look . the soft fabric makes it easy to attach them ; pierce the fabric with each stud and fold them flat on the inside using pliers to keep them secure and comfortable . cropped logo t-shirts : nineties style has been in for a while now , but this year expect to see classic logo t-shirts updated for spring with cut off sleeves and cropped to the waist a la daisy lowe . no sewing needed – just don’t be afraid to take your scissors to your favourite old t-shirt ! fringe feet : fringing has been big for a few seasons now , but this season the must-have is going to be fringing on your feet ; take a simple suede tassel in the same shade as your favourite boots and attach using a few stitches . use thread in the same shade for a seamless look . faux fur gilet . spring is the hardest time to style as the weather is so changeable ; dig out last year’s faux fur cropped jacket from your wardrobe and unpick the sleeves to create a gilet to throw on over t-shirts for warm , breezy days . rita ora was wearing a faux fur gilet in new york in february . instagram . pinterest and instagram are the perfect ‘ virtual wardrobe’ ; when you get compliments on outfits or try something new , take a snap and post them to create your own style bible that you can refer to at any time . just by looking through you’ll probably see something you haven’t worn in a while that’s worth digging out ! colour pop . the classic white shirt is a style staple , but you can add a bit of spring colour simply by swapping the buttons for bright alternatives . just a few hand sewn stitches can change the entire look with subtle hints of colour . personalised pumps . with even prada getting in on the act , personalised footwear is everywhere right now . but you can create your own one-of-a kind look by using a paintbrush to paint fabric dye onto the panels of your favourite converse or plimsolls . celebrity dye job . one way to revive hair for the new season is with an ombre style . rather than transforming your locks with an all-new shade , why not choose pink tips . the flash of colour will refresh locks for spring . lily melrose supplied her style hacks in association with gallo family vineyards moscato . for more information , go to facebook.com/gallofamilyvineyards . 