former dragons’ den star duncan bannatyne this morning announced he would back labour at the next election – just a week after backing the tories . the millionaire businessman said ed miliband’s plan to scrap the controversial ‘non-dom’ status had won him over . he tweeted : ' ed milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in uk . this gets my vote i never thought any party would have courage to do this . ' scroll down for video . duncan bannatyne said ed miliband’s plan to scrap the controversial ‘non-dom’ status had won him over . it comes after the hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the tories’ economic record . the letter claimed that the 'conservative-led government has been good for business ' and backed the cut in corporation tax to 20 per cent . mr bannatyne’s inclusion on the list was deeply damaging for labour – having previously been one of the party’s most high profile backers . the tv star helped unveil a ' seaside manifesto ' with gordon brown before the 2010 general election . but he announced this morning that mr miliband’s planned raid on the super-rich – announced this morning – has convinced him to return . speaking in coventry this morning , the labour leader promised that the 200-year-old rule for non-doms , which applies to around 116,000 people , makes britain an ' offshore tax haven for a few ' and can ' no longer be justified ' . former dragons’ den star duncan bannatyne this morning announced he would back labour at the next election – just a week after backing the tories . speaking in coventry this morning , labour leader ed miliband claimed the 200-year-old ' non dom ' rule makes britain an ' offshore tax haven for a few ' and can ' no longer be justified ' . the tories warned the plan could cost britain ' hundreds of millions of pounds ' and stopped short of scrapping the rules , despite labour 's claims . non-domicile status allows people living and working in britain to only pay tax on their uk income , but not earnings from overseas . they must prove that they regard a foreign country as their real home . but mr miliband said that non-dom tests ' are not very rigorous ' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad . mr miliband said everyone who has made britain their permanent home should pay full uk tax on all their income and gains . he will pledge to abolish the non-dom status from april 2016 . the status , which is unique to the uk having been introduced by william pitt the younger in the late 18th century , is used by more than 110,000 wealthy people . mr bannatyne was one of the former prime minister gordon brown 's most prominent backers - and was wheeled out ahead of the 2010 election ( above ) to boost the party 's business credentials . mr miliband said non-dom status results from a discredited belief that ' anything goes for those at the top and that what is good for the rich is always good for britain ' . he said : ' there are people who live here in britain like you and me , work here in britain , are permanently settled here in britain like you and me , but are n't required to pay taxes like you and me because they take advantage of what has become an increasingly arcane 200-year-old loophole . ' there are now 116,000 non-doms , costing hundreds of millions of pounds to our country – it can no longer be justified , and it makes britain an offshore tax haven for a few . ' non-dom status is often inherited through the father so can apply to people who were born in britain . david cameron - in cornwall with his wife samantha last night - has been accused of defending special rules for the rich . they must pay an annual fee , of up to £90,000 , to take advantage of the rules , which means it is only of us to the very wealthy . newspaper reports overnight suggested that non-dom rules would be scrapped by labour altogether . but today it emerged labour would allow ' real temporary residents ' to take advantage of the rules - with the time limit to be consulted on should they take power in the general election on may 7 . shadow chancellor ed balls said it should be around two or three years - not the five suggested in some reports . but it emerged that when he was a treasury minister in the last labour government , mr balls insisted that ' the majority of non-domiciled individuals who had already left the uk spent no more than five years here ' . chancellor george osborne said labour 's proposals amounted to ' tinkering around the edges ' not an outright ban . ' either they are going to abolish non-dom status altogether which would cost our country hundreds of millions of pounds in lost tax revenues and lost investment - the reason they did nothing on this during 13 years in office , ' mr osborne said . ' or they are just tinkering around the edges and making small adjustments to the rules on how long people can be non-dom . ' this confusion is another reminder of why they ca n't be trusted with our economy . ' the lib dems said the number non-dom numbers ' exploded ' under the last labour government and more than doubled while mr miliband was an adviser in the treasury . mr balls told bbc radio 4 's today that circumstances had changed and there was now a large budget deficit to cut . ' people were saying in the middle of the last decade this will lead to people leaving the country . it 's not actually turned out to be the case , ' he said . ' the abuse is bigger than we thought . these rules are ridiculous , they are unfair , they are being abused , and i think it 's time to act . ' these were introduced in the period of the napoleonic wars to allow people who were earning money in the colonies not to pay tax in the uk . ' that 's fine , it 's a different world now , a different time , different choices . '