winning your flutter in this week 's grand national all depends on a string of superstitions and rituals , a survey has revealed . and research shows that if your tip is seventh down the list or the jockey 's racing colours are royal blue , emerald green or red , then you 're more likely to return to the bookies and collect a few bob . the world 's greatest steeplechase takes place on saturday at aintree , which will be watched by a worldwide audience of 600 million with an estimated £500 million being staked globally by punters . scroll down for video . four out of ten britons betting on the grand national won last year by pineau de re , centre , make their choice purely down to the name of the horse while 70 per cent of women admit relying on pot luck . jockey sam twiston davies , pictured , admitted that he always salutes a magpie on his way to aintree . out of 2,000 britons who confirmed they would be having a bet , 40 per cent of them admitted their selection would be purely down to the name of the horse because it would have struck a chord . a surprising 60 per cent said their secret superstition was to have the same family members gathered around the tv watching the race every year . others revealed they sit in the same chair and have exactly the same food and drink during the race every time – and even wear the same ' lucky ' clothes ! when it comes to the big day , the survey – by national sponsors crabbie 's alcoholic ginger beer – showed that a huge 70 per cent of women simply rely on pure chance opposed to 47-per cent of men who try to study form . but , to the bookies ' glee , less than 20 per cent of those quizzed said their quirky superstitions actually produced a win . survey boss al cross said : ' it seems most people have some sort of good luck charm . my own ritual is to always pick the well turned-out horse . it 's worked for me twice , but i will keep trying . ' and leading jump jockey sam twiston-davies added : ' i only have one race ritual , and that is always to salute a magpie ! ' saturday 's grand national will be the final time tony mccoy , pictured on 2010 winner do n't push it , will race . 