the world 's largest cattle station is for sale , and it 's larger than israel . according to the abc , the largest of the stations is anna creek station in south australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres . the eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s. kidman and co . the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia and it 's bigger than israel . it covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment . all of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way . other stations for sale in queensland include durham downs , durrie , glengyle , morney plains , naryilco and rockybank . western australia offers innamincka , macumba and tungali in south australia ; helen springs in the northern territory and ruby plains . ' this is a world class asset of international significance , ' rural valuer from colliers international , alex thamm said . s. kidman and co are a family business with a headquarters is in adelaide and have employed 170 staff . in total , the stations cover 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle between them . ' with cattle prices , our trade agreements with asia and the low australian dollar , it is a very good time to be selling the kidman business . ' mr thamm explains that an offer like this is extremely rare , especially since the business has been kept through generations of the same family . ' to offer this property , walk-in walk-out inclusive of the cattle , plant and equipment , and the business generally , is a good move in the market place , ' he said . s. kidman and co 's headquarters is in adelaide and have employed 170 staff . the business produces 15,000 tonnes of beef a year which makes up 1.3 percent of australia 's exports . the sale is being handled by ernst and young adelaide .