an a-level student who was described as bright and enthusiastic has been found dead in the bath after suffering an epileptic fit . charlotte blakeway was discovered dead after having the seizure while at her home in shropshire . the death of the 17-year-old has shocked family , friends and teachers at shrewsbury sixth form college , where she was studying film , performance , english and sociology . charlotte blakeway , 17 , who was discovered dead in the bath at her home in shropshire after suffering an epileptic fit . friends have took to a facebook memorial page to pay tribute to miss blakeway , who has been described as bright and enthusiastic . her devastated mother elizabeth said her daughter was talented singer who was studying music and drama at sixth form and dreamed of becoming an actress . speaking from her £270,000 detached farmhouse on the welsh border , she added : ' she had her whole life in front of her , she was a bright , beautiful girl . she was bubbly and happy and was studying hard at sixth form . ' she was just loved by so many and although she was a very typical teenager she had an inner warmth . ' if there was anyone who was sad , lonely , left out or ill she took them under her wing . ' she was n't just ' look at me ' . she was a very pretty girl but she had got much more depth than that . the a-level student had been studying film , performance , english and sociology at shrewsbury sixth form college . ' i have a cousin who was very ill with ms he 's 60 , and the first time he actually met her he said ' charlotte treats me like a normal person ' . ' she loved her prom dress , she chose it and i bought it a year ago . it made her so happy and she loved the photograph of her in it . ' sadly it was n't the first epileptic seizure . she was on medication but something has gone wrong , but we do n't know what yet , we can just assume what 's happened at the moment . ' it had n't caused any problems until that terrible saturday when i found her in the bath . ' and friends took to social media to pay tribute to miss blakeway , where a special memorial page has been set up on facebook . emily roberts , from shrewsbury , wrote : ' she was such a lovely girl who always took the time to speak to everyone . ' it was such a shock and so scary to think that someone 's life can be taken so suddenly . ' rachel gillon added : ' she was an amazing girl who never failed to make me smile . ' she was never unhappy , always had a big cheeky grin on her face . ' charlotte would always be there for everyone who need her . ' she was such a credit to our society - i ca n't believe she is gone . ' while natalie hamer , also from shrewsbury , said : ' charlotte was such a lovely girl , always happy and smiling , very shocked to hear of this sad news . ' she will be missed by so many , but never forgotten . my thoughts are with the family at this sad time rest in peace . ' miss blakeway 's body was found in the bath at the family home , pictured , near shrewsbury , after suffering from a seizure . principal martin ward from shrewsbury sixth form college , also paid tribute saying : ' we were very sorry to hear of the death of charlotte who came to us from mary webb school and who was in her first year of studying film , performance , english and sociology . ' it was a shock for the staff who taught her and her many friends at college and our thoughts are with her family and friends at this difficult time . ' in addition tributes also poured in from staff and pupils at mary webb school , where she had previously studied . headteacher andrew smith said : ' as a school we are devastated by the news of charlotte 's death . ' the thoughts of the whole school community are with charlotte 's family at this time of great sadness and loss . ' we remember charlotte as a hard working student who approached everything with a smile on her face . ' mrs clewlow , her form tutor , recalls her as a bubbly , bright enthusiastic student with a wide circle of friends . ' miss blakeway 's friend took to a memorial page on facebook to pay tribute to the 17-year-old who was found dead . another friend pays tribute to the a-level student . police confirmed her death is not being treated as suspicious . a spokesman from west mercia police confirmed officers attended an address in ministerly on saturday . the added : ' a 17-year-old girl was found to be deceased in the bath . ' the death is not being treated as suspicious and the matter has been referred to the coroner . ' no date for the inquest opening has been set . for more information about epilepsy , please visit youngepilepsy.org.uk . 