from slathering on potent face creams to treating a spot with teatree oil , most women attempt to clear problem skin with topical products . but should we be drinking our way to flawless skin ? if the latest japanese beauty trend is anything to go by , it seems so . the women of japan swear by the ' beauty from within ' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to cleanse the system internally to encourage clear , unblemished skin . japanese women swear by the ' beauty from within ' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to beat acne - and the beauty movement is coming to the uk . indeed , mahonia , a traditional herbal treatment for acne , is a number one bestseller in the east asian nation , reports neal 's yard remedies , who has seen sales of its mahonia clear skin formula go through the roof online from customers there . mahonia , which is also known as oregon mountain grape , is a berry native to the rocky mountains that 's been used by tribes for medicinal , food , and ceremonial needs for years . it contains high levels of alkaloids , berberine and hydrastine , which are active compounds that give it antibacterial and anti-inflammatory benefits . thanks to these benefits , mahonia has been used traditionally for skin itchiness , infections and irritations , and is highly recommended for acne . mahonia , which is also known as oregon mountain grape , left , is a berry native to the rocky mountains that 's been used by tribes for medicinal , food , and ceremonial needs for years . neal 's yard remedies use it in their tonics , which are a number one best-seller in japan . the antibacterial compounds in this herb are berbamine and berberine , which are antiseptic when used topically . when used internally , these compounds are liver tonics that improve bile flow , stimulate digestion and act as a tonic on the bowel wall . neal 's yard remedies created a tincture packed with the stuff , as well as a purifying blend of the skin-loving botanicals calendula , schisandra and gotu kola . gotu kola helps stimulate collagen and tissue formation . it improves circulation , which benefits skin tone , and has anti-inflammatory and skin-regenerating actions . when used internally , mahonia can improve bile flow , stimulate digestion and act as a tonic on the bowel wall . antimicrobial herb calendula is rich in anti-ageing antioxidant beta-carotene , which is important for healthy skin structure and renewal . also known as magnolia vine , schisandra has been used historically for immune support and for skin care . modern chinese research suggests it has a protective effect on the liver , so enhancing the cleansing benefits . the succulent globe artichoke , meanwhile , has been used in chinese medicine for millennia as a digestive cleanser . it helps to purify and calm the system from within . it is recommended to add 2ml to a cupful of water three times a day to reap the rewards . 