a married maths teacher at max clifford 's old school is facing jail for groping a 15-year-old pupil in his car . paul shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl , who he was giving one-to-one tuition in a ' serious ' breach of his position of trust at rydens school in hersham , surrey . guildford crown court heard the 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car . married paul shorter ( left ) , who was a teacher at convicted sex offender max clifford 's ( right ) former school in hersham , surrey , is facing jail after admitting a string of sex offences . the father-of-one , of addlestone , surrey , looked shaken and spoke softly as he admitted two counts of sexual activity with a child and one count of sexual activity with a child by a person in a position of trust . the judge was told that the girl had not wanted a sexual relationship with shorter and on one occasion had stormed out of a personal tuition session when he tried to grope her . but that one the instances in question , which took place between december 13 , 2013 and january 19 last year , there was ' ostensible consent . ' shorter 's pregnant wife joanne , who is expecting his child in six weeks , and other members of his family watched from the public gallery as the charges against him were read out . but judge noel lucas ruled that shorter could not be sentenced until a victim impact statement had been taken from the girl to find out how his crimes had affected her . the pair met because shorter was her maths teacher at the school , which counts convicted sex offender max clifford . the 31-year-old maths teacher kissed the teenager after class at rydens school in hersham , surrey ( pictured ) . disgraced pr guru clifford , 71 , was jailed in may last year after being convicted of a string of indecent assaults between 1977 and 1984 . judge lucas passed an indefinite sexual harm prevention order banning shorter from working with children or having unsupervised contact with anybody under the age of 18 . the court heard the former teacher , who has been on bail for the past 15 months , had found ' gainful employment ' in a trade that did not bring him into contact with minors . the judge was told he has also been paying to see a psychologist , in a bid to help him to fight depression . judge lucas said : ' i am of course sympathetic to the defendant 's wife and the situation but your client must be under no illusion that the sentence i pass is likely to be nothing less than an immediate custodial sentence . ' shorter was bailed to appear before the same court on may 8 . guildford crown court ( pictured ) heard shorter had a series of liaisons with the 15-year-old schoolgirl . 