almost everyone longs to be reunited with deceased friends and family . now an app , dubbed ' project elysium ' , claims to do just that by creating a ' personalised afterlife experience ' with loved ones who have passed . the technology , which is still under development , could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers , allowing people to live on in virtual reality . almost everyone longs to be reunited with deceased friends and family . now an app dubbed ' project elysium ' claims to do just that by creating a ' personalised afterlife experience ' with loved ones who have passed . the app 's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work . created by australia-based paranormal games , the app 's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work . what little we do know comes from their twitter account , which features a screenshot showing someone being transformed into a 3d model . an accompanying caption says : ' modelling my bestie and business partner nick into project elysium . our first demo will be personal to nick . ' dr albert rizzo , director of medical virtual reality at the university of southern california said he believes potential users would have to send pictures and video of the deceased to the developer . what little we do know comes from their twitter account , which features a screenshot showing someone being transformed into a 3d model . an accompanying caption says : ' modelling my bestie and business partner nick into project elysium . our first demo will be personal to nick ' . but the company may also need to harvest even more data so that they can construct the person 's personality , mannerisms and movements . ' if i knew i had an incurable disease , maybe i would do a full body scan and have a digital replica created , ' dr rizzo told dailymail.com . ' and i would sit down for 20 hours and have people ask me questions about my life and what i think about different things . ' he says this can all be programmed into virtual reality to create a living record of someone that people can interact with using vr headsets such as oculus rift . but experts are divided over how this can impact a user 's mental health . some argue that it can provide real comfort and support in times of grief , while others say it may prevent people from moving on from trauma . bina48 is a robotic head that uses a ' mind clone ' of the memories , belief and feelings of a real person . it may be possible to live forever by uploading your memories , thoughts and personality onto a computer within the next ten or twenty years , according to a leading pioneer of the technology . the technology , which is similar to that seen in the film transcendence starring johnny depp , is being developed by entrepreneur martine rothblatt . she has already created a disturbingly realistic robotic ' clone ' of her wife bina that she hopes will be a prototype for the technology . the robot apparently shares the ideas and personality of bina by creating a database of her memories , beliefs and thoughts , along with information taken from social media interactions and blogs she shares . this allows the robot , called bina48 , to express opinions and interact in conversations like a real , living person . mrs rothblatt , 60 , an internet radio entrepreneur who lives as a transgender woman , believes the these ' mind clones ' could eventually be used to help provide social interactions for people living alone and even help recreate the personalities of people after they have died . ' i think helping people to confront difficult emotional challenges done in a safe environment is a positive thing , ' said dr rizzo . ' when people avoid processing things , this is when it comes back and haunts them . ' ' i do n't think there is any disrespect to the dead to want to view them and interact with them , ' he added . project elysium has been entered into the upcoming oculus vr jam 2015 contest . to be eligible for the jam 's grand prize , the team have to showcase more screenshots by april 27 , followed by video footage the week after . the grand prize winner in this track will receive $ 100,000 , with runner ups earning $ 50,000 , $ 30,000 and $ 10,000 respectively . ' you can experience anything that 's possible and anything that 's impossible , ' oculus vr founder palmer luckey told gamesbeat . ' it puts you into a difference space where there 's almost no rules . ' project elysium has been entered into the upcoming oculus vr jam 2015 . to be eligible for the jam 's grand prize , it has to showcase more screenshots by april 27 , followed by video footage the week after to be eligible for the jam 's grand prize . pictured on the right is an oculus rift virtual reality headset .