four-year-old james hayward had his toy gun confiscated at east midlands airport . a four-year-old boy was frisked by airport security and then forced to hand over his plastic nerf gun after it was deemed a security risk . james hayward had arrived at east midlands airport with his parents , phil , 44 , and hazel , 38 , with his brightly coloured toy - which fires sponge darts - packed in his hand luggage for their flight out to lanzarote . but security officers , who were described as 'over-zealous ' by the boy 's father , then took exception to james 's harmless toy when it was picked up on the system 's x-ray machines . they demanded he hand it over , and they also performed a thorough patting down and inspection of the primary school child . dad phil has labelled the security checks ' ludicrous ' and criticized how staff reacted in the situation . mr hayward , a software engineer , said : ' fair enough they are thorough but it just seemed a bit ludicrous to take a plastic gun away from a four-year-old . ' we were so late by this point i did n't have time to stop and argue with them so we just had to leave it because we did n't want to miss our flight . ' i explained to james we would get him a new one when we got back from our holiday . we were going for 10 days in lanzarote over easter . ' i thought it was a bit over-zealous of the security staff considering how many people were trying to get through at the time . ' no wonder it was taking so long if they wanted to pat down every little kid . scroll down for video . after returning from the holiday to lanzarote , the four-year-old boy was bought a replacement toy gun . the smile is back on james hayward 's face following the confiscation of his toy gun at east midlands airport . the £6 plastic gadget was described as a semi-automatic soft dart gun by its manufacturers , and james was bought a new one off ebay when the family returned from their holidays . east midlands airport apologised for the inconvenience but pointed out they had offered to post the toy back to the family 's home in doncaster , south yorkshire . defending the decision a spokeswoman said : ' the safety and security of our passengers is our first priority and all regulations on security are set by the government . ' this regulation states that no items may be permitted through security that resemble a prohibited item . ' the hand luggage restrictions on all uk flights is set by the department of transport , and while there is no specific mention of models and makes of such ' toy guns , ' the prohibited list does include ' replica or model guns . ' east midlands airport said that ' no items may be permitted through security that resemble a prohibited item ' . 