liverpool midfielder philippe coutinho believes securing fa cup silverware would save their season , with hopes of a top four finish looking increasingly unlikely . the reds go into their fa cup quarter-final replay at blackburn on wednesday night off the back of damaging league losses at home to manchester united in march followed by a 4-1 thumping at the hands of arsenal on saturday . defeat at the emirates means fifth-placed liverpool trail fourth spot , currently occupied by manchester city , by seven points with seven games remaining . liverpool midfielder philippe coutinho ( left ) says winning the fa cup would rescue their season . coutinho ( right ) started liverpool 's 4-1 thumping at top four rivals arsenal on saturday afternoon . fifth-placed liverpool ( centre ) are seven points adrift of fourth with seven games left in the premier league . after the match , liverpool boss brendan rodgers conceded defeat in his quest for the top four . and while coutinho refuses to give up hope of qualifying for europe 's elite club competition for a second consecutive season , he does admit that ending the campaign with silverware would be some consolation if that was the case . ' winning the [ fa ] cup would save our season . it is very important for us to have that as an objective , ' coutinho told the club 's official website . ' we have to pick ourselves up after what happened against arsenal to get the results that we need . we want to be in the champions league . that is our primary objective . we have seven games left and we have to see what happens . ' ' arsenal played very well , as they always do , and we did not do the things we have to do to win , the things we have done in previous games , like pressing the ball well . ' that was the difference between the two sides . it was a very difficult game but we have to pick our heads up and keep believing . we have to keep going . we have more games to come and lots of things can still happen . ' after the match , liverpool boss brendan rodgers conceded defeat in his quest for the top four . rodgers ( centre ) is preparing his side for their fa cup quarter-final replay at blackburn on wednesday night .