an air force veteran and former playboy model was arrested for taking an american flag from campus protesters who were trampling on it . michelle manhart , 38 , was handcuffed by police at valdosta state university , georgia , and driven off in a patrol car after grabbing the stars and stripes and refusing to return it to the student demonstrators . video footage of the event , on friday , shows manhart struggling with officers , who force her to the ground after she refuses to let the flag go . scroll down for video . struggle : manhart , 38 , is shown , left , refusing to release a flag which protesters were trampling on . in the right-hand photograph she is seen being arrested at valdosta state university in georgia . cause : manhart came to the campus because she heard students were walking on the flag , as seen above . it shows her surrounded by protesters on the campus , who demand their property be returned . in response , manhart says the flag belongs to ' the entire united states ' . campus police try to convince her to drop the flag , but manhart , a former training sergeant who served in kuwait , refuses . speaking to the valdosta daily times about her intervention , she said : ' i did not want anything like this , but i got a call from a student who told me that the flag was on the ground , and they were walking on it . ' i was just going over there to pick up the flag off the ground . i don’t know what their cause is , but i went to pick it up because it doesn’t deserve to be on the ground . ' she continued : ' if your cause is racism then find some white people and walk on them . ' but to walk on the flag is walking on our symbol of freedom . you have the freedom to do what you are doing because of it . i’m not fighting against them . i’m fighting against the way they are going about it . ' it is not clear what the demonstrators were rallying against . they did not answer reporters ' questions about what their cause was . air force to bare force : manhart was once a staff sergeant at the san antonio air force training camp ( right ) , but was demoted when she appeared nude in playboy magazine . she is shown left holding a copy of the issue containing her spread . according to the daily times , the group did n't want to press charges against manhart . however , police gave her a trespass warning , which bans her from the campus . manhart has come under fire for standing up for her beliefs before . in 2007 she made national headlines - and lost her job - for posing nude for playboy magazine . explicit photographs from the periodical 's february 2007 issue show then-sergeant manhart in a variety of provocative poses - first with , then later without - her military uniform . cover girl : after her original feature , manhart appeared in playboy again . she is shown here on the cover of the mexican edition . when air force bosses got wind of the racy feature , they relieved her of her duties at the lackland air force base in san antonio , texas . she was later demoted , and ultimately left the air force . however , she remained defiant , telling reporters at the time ' i did n't do anything wrong , so i did n't think it would be a major issue ' . the decision brought an end to 14 years of service . she later appeared in other editions of playboy - including the cover of the mexican edition - and posed for animal rights group peta to support an anti-fur campaign . the daily times reported that manhart now intends to hold a pro-military counter-demonstration in the town on wednesday . in response to the incident , the university 's president says he disapproves of the flag-trampling protest , but recognizes their right to express themselves that way if they choose . dr william mckinney said : ' the american flag represents everything that is best about our country . as the supreme court has held , one of those things is the right to free speech , which includes the right to disrespect even the symbol of our country . ' while i firmly disagree with the actions of the protesters , i understand their right to protest . '