a filmmaker has revealed how he was pummeled with snow and ice for a minute and almost buried alive when the deadly avalanche hit mount everest on saturday . michael churton from new york , was with four colleagues at the base camp , 17,500ft above sea level , when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow . the 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf , which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with . scroll down for video . michael churton from new york , was with four colleagues at the mount everest base camp , 17,500ft up , when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow . he was knocked back and suffered facial injuries . churton , 38 , ( right ) from bids good-bye to fellow survivors mariusz malkowski from new jersey ( center ) and ron nissien from australia after their return to the domestic airport in kathmandu , nepal . churton described how he told his group to get down just before the snow devastated the base camp ( pictured ) . he said : ' i told the group to get down . it was about 4,000 feet of snow just coming and there was nowhere to run . ' as the wall of snow approached , he got into the fetal position and hoped for the best . the force hitting his body knocked him into a rock , leaving him with some facial injuries . after the mountains of snow had passed , he managed to dig himself out and began searching for colleagues . he eventually made his way down from the mountain and was greeted by fellow survivors at a domestic airport in kathmandu . at least 17 people who were on mount everest at the time have died while others are still unaccounted for . other americans who were on mount everest when it was hit by a deadly avalanche have described the moment the wall of snow and ice hit their camp and the carnage that surrounded them during the aftermath . nick cienski , from baltimore , who is still at base camp told good morning america : ‘ we 're doing really well out here . we were really fortunate that we were hit by the edge of it . ‘ it was terrifying . when we looked up and saw this thing coming ... it was like out of a hollywood movie , it was huge . ‘ we hunkered down in our tents and just prayed ... the whole tent was just moving in the wind . it was incredibly terrifying . we had no idea if we were going to be ripped off the ground and flung into rocks . ‘ [ afterwards ] we got out of our tents and realized we were largely ok. we immediately started looking for survivors . [ says they’re doing well ] ‘ we 've got clean water . we 've got good sanitation . we 've got lots of food because we 're planning to be here for a couple of months . ' scott holder , a financial adviser from santa rosa , california , and jon reiter , a contractor from nearby kenwood in sonoma county , were caught up in the deadly avalanche . reiter , who was making his third attempt at the summit , called is wife susan by satellite phone , the press democrat reported . he described how he was given medicine to give to the injured , but one doctor told him : ' do n't worry , you are just comforting these people . most of them are not going to survive . ' saying he had a ' pretty rough day ' saturday , he added during an interview with cnn that he was forced to zip a dead body into a sleeping bag . she then posted on his blog about what had happened . ' he said that the ground shook for a very long time and that avalanches were happening one right after another on the mountain , ' she wrote . ' we just talked for a minute and he got off the phone because he and his climbing partner moises are helping with the rescue effort . jon and moises do n't have medical training but they are acting as medics because so many people are injured . jon reiter , a contractor from kenwood , california , was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit . he described how he tended for the injured even after doctors told him there is little chance they will survive . ' he said that most of base camp was damaged . all the img ( international mountain guides ) group tents are being used as temporary medical facilities for the injured . ' jon also spoke to cnn on sunday , saying : ' we 're feeling pretty lucky today . ' holder managed to escape the carnage - having to leave the mountain with a severe head cold one day before the earthquake hit . he said : ' god definitely had his hand in my survival . my cold took me out of the danger zone . i guess you could say god gave me a cold . ' ashleigh stumler from charlotte , north carolina , thought she was getting dizzy as she hiked on mount everest , but a guide soon informed her it was an earthquake . she told wsoc that she was forced to hang onto a tree as the earth shook . ashleigh stumler from charlotte , north carolina , thought she was getting dizzy as she hiked on mount everest , but a guide soon informed her it was an earthquake . as she makes her way down from the mountain , she is hoping to help survivors and is gathering contacts in the united states in a bid to raise funds . ' these have been some of the most incredible , strong people i 've ever met in my entire life . just good people and they are in dire need of help . ' melissa arnot , who was set to be only the second woman to climb everest without oxygen checked in via satellite phone to say her team was safe on saturday . among mountaineers thought to have died in the disaster is 33-year-old google executive and a former medical student doctor offering care at the site while a filmmaker recording a documentary at the base camp was also killed . american google executive dan fredinburg was the first confirmed fatality on the mountain yesterday . dr marisa eve girawong , 29 , was also killed when ice and rock crushed the 18,000-foot-altitude base camp where she worked as a medic for madison mountaineering . a third american , tom taplin , 61 , who owned tet films & photography , was making a documentary when the earthquake hit , nbc news reported . his wife corey fryer told the station he died ' doing what he loved ' . it is the worst natural disaster nepal has seen in 81 years , and the highest death toll ever recorded on everest . before now , the mountain 's deadliest year was 2014 , when 16 people died in one day . rescuers help a porter onto a makeshift stretcher after he was injured when the wall of ice and snow hit . 