to commemorate st george 's day , the worlds of football and rugby have collided in a crossbar challenge between england stars of both sporting persuasions . arsenal winger alex oxlade-chamberlain and chelsea defender gary cahill pitted themselves against jack nowell of exeter chiefs and bath 's george ford at england rugby 's training centre in pennyhill park , bagshot . oxlade-chamberlain , who used to play scrum-half himself , impressed the rugby stars by taking a quick word of advice before ' nailing ' his opening attempt at kicking a conversion - while cahill seemed more concerned by wearing an oversized shirt . england football stars pitted themselves against their rugby counterparts in a st george 's day challenge . ( l-r ) george ford , jack nowell , alex oxlade-chamberlain and gary cahill take to the field at pennyhill park . the sports superstars pose for a picture before taking part in the crossbar challenge with a twist . bath rugby 's ford shows his football playing opponents how to take a kick . nowell did hit the crossbar with a nonchalant kick during practice and uploaded the evidence with an instagram video and the caption ' happy # stgeorgesday ! to celebrate , @ garyjcahill & @ alexoxchamberlain took on @ jacknowell & @ george_fordy in a special cross-code challenge # englandconnected ' . however , when the competition started proper it was his team-mate ford who came closest with an effort that skimmed the bar . oxlade-chamberlain and ford practice their keepy-up skills with the oval balls . oxlade-chamberlain admittedly let himself down while cahill was n't pleased with his oversize shirt . howell slumps to the floor after missing the crossbar with an embarrassing attempt . cahill 's request to dedicate his kick to st george 's day was agreed to by oxlade-chamberlain , who said : ' you can do what you want , you 're winning the league ' . the blues centre-half duly fluffed his lines but enjoyed the experience enough to share his own instagram picture of group , accompanied by the caption : “ happy s.george’s day everyone ! you can see me , @ alexoxchamberlain @ jacknowell & @ george_fordy in a special rugby v football crossbar challenge , the video is on my facebook page . # england # stgeorgesday # togetherforengland # proud # rfu # threelions # football # rugby # crossbarchallenge” . gunners forward oxlade-chamberlain also admittedly ' let himself down ' with a series of failed attempts much to the amusement of all those involved . 