salvina formosa does weights and sit-to-stand exercises every week to improve her fitness . she may be too old for a lot of things but working out is not one of them . salvina formosa from south wentworthville , west of sydney , has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath . the 101-year-old widow , who was never keen on exercise in her youth , now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week at southern cross care in merrylands . and there 's no sign of her slowing down at any time soon . ' i can now do 20 sit-to-stand exercises , ' she said . ' i feel a lot more confident getting up out of a chair , walking on uneven ground and walking to the letterbox . ' the western sydney local health district 's community-based program stepping on is designed to improve strength and balance in elderly people who have had a fall or are fearful of falling . ms formosa , who is a trained sewing teacher , has made over 13 wedding dresses and insists she still enjoys sewing and cooking . the centenarian wakes up at 5am every morning and attributes her longevity and wellness to her fitness as she lives a life with a kind heart free of jealousy and prays daily . the 101-year-old , who celebrated her birthday on march 16 , recently tripped over an uneven footpath . the 101-year-old widow now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week . the centenarian wakes up at 5am every morning and attributes her longevity and wellness to her fitness . ms formosa has made over 13 wedding dresses and insists she still enjoys sewing and cooking . nearly 1000 older western sydney residents have taken part in nsw health 's program , which began in 2012 . the free program runs for seven weeks , two hours a week in a community setting . it incorporates speakers as well as group exercises focusing on improving balance and strength . wslhd 's coordinator shayda marek said : ' we 've seen an increase in confidence in a participant 's mobility , strength and balance . this has positive effect on in their daily life , mentally and physically . ' an evaluation report of the program showed that 70 per cent of participants improved their performance in balance and strength at the completion of the program . more than 83 per cent of participants reported changes in their behaviour since the program , such as doing more exercise at home , wearing safer footwear and reducing hazards in their home environment .