daniel sturridge 's season of frustration looks set to continue as he faces a race to be fit to lead liverpool’s attack at wembley . the england striker failed to train again on thursday as brendan rodgers stepped up preparations for sunday’s fa cup semi-final with aston villa , meaning sturridge hasn’t been involved in any outdoor work since before the quarter-final replay against blackburn . liverpool still have two more sessions before they travel south but sturridge , who missed monday’s 2-0 win over newcastle united with tightness in his hip , would have to involved in at least one to stand any chance of starting at wembley . daniel sturridge faces a fight to be fit for liverpool 's fa cup semi-final against aston villa on sunday . striker sturridge was left out of the squad against newcastle on monday after being taken off at blackburn . it would even appear touch and go as whether sturridge will be fit enough to make rodgers’ 18-man squad , given how tormented he has been with fitness issues this season . liverpool will give sturridge every chance to prove his fitness but the signs at present are not encouraging . the injury is a continuation of the problem he sustained in the 2-1 defeat to manchester united on march 22 . sturridge missed england’s games against lithuania and italy with what england manager roy hodgson called ‘ a small tear’ in his hip . sturridge admitted last week he will not be back at his sharpest until next season and he will be glad to see the back of this campaign , having missed more than five months with a combination of thigh and calf problems . steven gerrard could return at wembley after seeing out the last game of his suspension against newcastle . liverpool captain gerrard holds a '96 ' balloon at the hillsborough memorial service on wednesday . if , as appears likely , the 25-year-old is forced to play a minor role , it would leave rodgers a decision to make with regards his starting line-up , as liverpool captain steven gerrard is available having served a three-match suspension . gerrard , whose 35th birthday falls on the same day as this year’s fa cup final , missed several games in february and march with a hamstring problem but when he was fit for matches against swansea and manchester united , rodgers decided to use him from the bench . he will be desperate to play at wembley and rodgers , who will be without cup-tied winger jordon ibe , must decide whether to keep faith with his current midfield of lucas leiva , jordan henderson and joe allen or alter his system to fit gerrard back in . rodgers will be without jordon ibe who is cup-tied having represented derby in the fa cup this season . joe allen says playing in these type of games is why he joined liverpool from swansea . playing at wembley will be a new experience for a number of liverpool’s squad and allen says a positive result against villa is required to enhance their development . liverpool are favourites to reach the final but the wales international maintains there is no complacency in the group . ‘it’s the reason you join a club like this — the dream of competing for the top prizes and potentially getting some silverware , ’ said allen . ‘there’s a huge incentive for every player here . villa had a great result on the weekend so they will be raring to go just like we will be . ‘ that will make for a great game at a historic venue . every single player wants to ensure we get ourselves back there for the final . everyone is ready to make that leap . we are generally a young squad who are gathering experience and getting better all the time . ’ 