' steph curry with the shot , ' is a lyric synonymous from hip hop star drake 's song 0 to 100 and the point guard has been showing off his stunning finishing skills again during a recent practice session . curry has led the golden state warriors to the top of the western conference standings in the regular nba season with his immaculate three-point shooting . and the 27-year-old demonstrated why he is widely-regarded as one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history , with a golden state ' three-point drill - where he made a staggering 77 shots in the row . golden state warriors ' steph curry ( right ) made 77 consecutive three-point attempts in a row during practice . curry ( right ) watches on as his shot from behind the arc finds the basket during the golden state session . the 27-year-old ( right ) shot from various angles - with the end product the same for the point guard . warriors ' no 30 made a staggering 94 out of his 100 attempts during the three-point drill . however , the mvp candidate ( left ) was left frustrated when one of his efforts bounced back off the rim and out . shooting from various angles the warriors ' no 30 proves practice makes perfect as he finds the basket with ease . however , being the perfectionist that he is curry was aggrieved he could n't make it 78 shots in a row when his effort rebounds off the rim - causing a scream of frustration from the point guard . in total , the ohio-born star successfully hit 94 of his 100 attempts during the session - a marked improvement on his season average of 44.2 per cent come game time in the nba . despite the missed effort though , curry has been virtually flawless for steve kerr 's side this season . on april 9 , the mvp candidate eclipsed his own nba record for most three-pointers in a season , which stood at 272 , by scoring 45 points to rally golden state to a 116-105 victory over the portland trail blazers . and curry will be looking to end the regular campaign in devastating fashion once more from three-point range when golden state look to improve on their season record of 66-15 when they host the denver nuggets on wednesday night at the oracle arena . curry broke his own nba three-point record as the warriors beat portland trail blazers on april 10 . curry ( centre ) hit eight three-pointers to to eclipse his previous nba best of 272 made in a single season .