when she appeared on the first australian series of big brother in 2001 , she was known as the ' lipgloss queen ' . but 14 years later jemma gawned , 40 , is the ' polar opposite ' of the person she was in her teens and early twenties . the byron bay-based woman now runs a wildly successful raw food empire , and insists that ' spreading the vibration of love through food ' is the key to her success . scroll down for video . jemma gawned , who appeared on the first season of the australian big brother in 2001 , now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called naked treaties . based in byron bay the naked treaties brand sells products out of its juice bar while supplying to hundreds of other stores . jemma gawned was one of the housemates on the first australian big brother in 2001 ( above ) . 'it’s interesting because i’m probably the polar opposite these days as what i was a teenager , ' ms gawned told daily mail australia . the 40-year-old runs naked treaties , which started off as something she was simply creating in her own kitchen to share with those around her . ' naked treaties started because i wanted to share this food with my friends and family , ' ms gawned revealed . ' there was a shop next to my yoga studio and i 'd just talk to them about nutrition , what i was making , and they said `` oh , can you please bring some in '' , ' she continued , admitting she was initially skeptical about turning it into a business . ms gawned had spent the previous ten years trying to get jemma cosmetics off the ground , but hit serious financial trouble and had to fold . what started as something to share with friends and family , quickly turned into a successful business . all the ingredients in her products are raw , vegan , organic and ethically sourced . for ten years she tried to get jemma cosmetics off the ground , but hit financial trouble and had to fold . ' ( but ) then something just dawned on me one day and i thought this is just the way of spreading this vibration of love through food , ' ms gawned said of her decision to go ahead with naked treaties . now she supplies hundreds of stores in melbourne with her raw treats , as well as running a juice bar in the heart of byron bay . describing jemma cosmetics as an ' apprenticeship ' in running a business , she said it ' taught me to trust my intuition , and trust the feminine way of doing business . ' 'we’re not a profit-drive business we’re purpose driven . we really care more about our customers and staff more than our bank accounts . ' we run it like a community , like a family , ' ms gawned revealed . the entrepreneur also opened up about her time on australia 's first series of big brother , how she was portrayed , and the lack of support for contestants once they leave the show . the 40-year-old says the secret to her success is ' spreading the vibration of love through food ' . ' we run it ( naked treaties ) like a community , like a family , ' ms gawned revealed . the former big brother contestant said she never watched any footage of her on the show until last year . jemma gawned in the publicity shot for big brother for the show in 2001 . ms gawned revealed she never watched any footage of her on the show until last year , and is glad about it . ' what they had edited was like watching a different person ' , she said . ' i probably would have questioned myself , we know who we are but it’s hard enough to see yourself through other people’s lives as it is . ' but it’s even more confusing to see it through the idea of a contrived story line , ' ms gawned added . she touched on the fact there was no follow up after the show , which according to her was designed to ' interrupt all your patterns ' . 'it’s such an interesting thing you know when i think back to it… there was no ongoing support or counselling if anyone may have needed it , ' ms gawned said . ' not to say it was n't an awesome experience , it was life changing . ' she also touched on the lack of counselling provided to housemates after the show had finished . the smoothies at her juice bar are known in the byron bay area as some of the best and she has a base of loyal customers . ms gawned said she is glad to see a recent shift towards people living more mindful lives . one of the contestants on the show , gordon sloan , who used to date pop star natalie bassingthwate , sadly passed away in 2007 from a heroin overdose . ms gawned attended his funeral , and described him as a ' lover of life ' . ' i think with gordon really he was such a lover of life and he would push everything to the nth degree . ' ' from what i understand he took some party drugs and they weren’t what he thought , ' ms gawned said . these days the byron bay woman spends her time at the naked treaties store , but also in bali and peru where she travels to host ceremonies and source ingredients . ms gawned had just spent the last few weeks on the indonesian island with her partner chris , a musician , running what they call ' sacred sonics ' . ' chris and i say that it’s a symbiosis of ceremony and sound , ' she said . the rituals involve working with a certain type of cacao bean similar to the one used by the mayan people on guatemala and also incorporates song and dance . ms gawned and her partner chris travel the world running ceremonies they call ' sacred sonics ' . the rituals involve working with a certain type of cacao bean similar to the one used by the mayan people on guatemala and also incorporates song and dance . the 40-year-old also travels to peru to source ingredients for her naked treaties products . ' we honour that culture , we’re able to really access these parts of ourselves that can really shift us , ' ms gawned said . also working in her naked treaties store is former the apprentice uk contestant duane bryan , who appeared on the show in 2012 . ' he came here about 12 months ago and he actually came to a ceremony , he said i don’t know what just happened but i need to know more , ' ms gawned said . a week later mr bryan turned up the at the naked treaties store , she said , and asked if he cancelled his ticket back to the uk he had booked for the next day , would she give him a job scrubbing dishes . ' i had an intuitive feeling so i said okay ... he came and started washing dishes and had all these great ideas . ' the next thing he was working front of house and now he’s general manager , ' ms gawned said . the former big brother contestant , who has been on her ' spiritual path ' since her early 20s , also said she believes there is a shift in consciousness and people are living more mindful lives . ' more and more of that celebrity culture seems to be shifting over more to a real experience , ' she said . ' it won’t be long before everyone is awake . ' she describes those who work at the store as her family . 