gary neville has hailed manchester united as a team that is getting ever closer to being ' the real deal ' after a dominant 4-2 derby victory over city at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal 's side took a firm grip on third place as they skipped four points clear of their arch rivals in fourth after going behind to an early goal from sergio aguero , who also scored a late consolation . after recent wins over tottenham , liverpool and now city , neville was impressed by his former club 's performance as a whole ahead of next week 's clash with premier league leaders chelsea . marouane fellaini and ashley young celebrate their combined efforts to put manchester united in the lead . fellaini headed home united 's second goal getting on the end of a cross from man of the match young . goal-scorer juan mata and united boss louis van gaal show their delight at the end of the manchester derby . ' i think they 're getting so confident now , ' he said of united , who claimed the win with goals from man of the match ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling , while michael carrick pulled the strings from the base of the midfield . neville said coming into games against spurs , liverpool , city and chelsea , united could have considered seven points a good result . ' they 've got nine already - so that 's a fantastic three performances , ' he says . ' against spurs , you were asking the question , are they the real deal ? but spurs were poor that day , they were flakey . so then they go to anfield and really make you sit up because that is a tough place to play no matter how liverpool play . young enjoyed some fortune as his commitment to get in front of his man saw him score the equaliser . city were at sixes and sevens as united took control of the match after struggling in the first 15 minutes . ' then to come here today , especially with city starting well and going a goal up , that was a proper performance they 've put in out there today . ' fellow pundit niall quinn declared united 's performance ' the best i 've seen since the glory days of ( sir ) alex ferguson . ' neville added : ' city have been beaten in the areas of passion , hunger and fight , but they were tactically done as well out here today . ' they could n't handle manchester united 's position on the pitch . it was n't just a case of manchester city coming here and being out-fought , they were out-played . '