do n't expect to snag a £1,000 nosebleed ticket - or any other ticket - at the box office for the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao . just two weeks before the bout , tickets for the most anticipated fight in recent times have yet to go on public sale , with the two camps and the mgm grand locked in a stand-off over allotments . when they are finally put on sale , only a few will be sold at the listed price . the impasse has left fans in the dark , and ticket brokers perplexed . floyd mayweather performs at a media workout with his uncle roger on the pads in las vegas . manny pacquiao was in good spirits as he showed off his skills for the fans earlier this week . ' it 's bizarre , normally there 's a public sale 10 weeks before the fight , ' said connor gregoire , an analyst for seatgeek.com . ' to our knowledge no one has a printed ticket in their hands right now . ' mayweather 's promoter , leonard ellerbe , said tuesday that tickets would go on sale this week for the may 2 fight , but mgm officials have been tight-lipped about their availability . the hotel issued a statement friday saying there would be a ' limited number of tickets available for sale ' and that it is working with promoters to finalize a date for their release . the fight was always going to be a tough ticket , with announced prices of £1,000 to £5,000 in the 16,500-seat grand garden arena . but those prices have already tripled in the resale market even before tickets are available , and the two camps and the mgm have been bickering over how many seats - and at what price level - each party gets . pacquiao 's manager , michael koncz , blamed the mayweather camp for holding up the ticket sales , saying they have refused to sign a term sheet negotiated months earlier that specified the allotments . ' it 's a real mess right now , ' koncz said . ' i can only surmise the motivation is greed and an attempt to manipulate the tickets , otherwise why the holdup ? i 'm more than a little upset they 're not for sale to the public . ' millions of dollars are at stake in the dispute , because after the mgm takes its share each camp gets a certain percentage of tickets and is able to resell them with ticket brokers for higher prices . the estimated gate for the tickets if they are sold at retail prices is already a staggering £48million , far surpassing the previous gate record of £13.3million for mayweather 's 2013 fight with canelo alvarez . pacquiao used instagram to show his fans a photo of his ripped body as he continues his preparation . promoter bob arum said he has heard of people cancelling their reservations to las vegas because they 're afraid they ca n't get tickets . ' this is not acceptable , ' said arum , who promotes pacquiao . ' this is a worldwide event that the city of las vegas is involved in . it 's one of the craziest things i 've ever seen . ' gregoire said the fight is one of seatgeek 's most searched events , but that only a few dozen tickets have been sold through the website . those tickets are what the ticket industry calls ' spec tickets ' because the sellers do n't actually have them in hand , but expect to get them before the fight . the filipino fighter is looking to put an end to mayweather 's current unbeaten record in the ring . the cheapest seat on the site on friday was £3,200 , and gregoire said the average sale so far is in the £5,300 range . ' people are hesitant to buy in the secondary market before there 's been an original sale , ' he said . ' and you 've also got the incredible prices being asked for tickets now . that means a lot of people are not buying tickets at this point . ' at stubhub there are no tickets for sale , spokeswoman alison salcedo said , because the ticket reseller is waiting for actual prices to be set and tickets to be printed . music artist liljamez posted the photo of ' money ' with just over two weeks to go until the bout . ' there 's still so much up in the air for this fight that we 're not allowing spec sales , ' salcedo said . ' we 're not willing to take that risk now . ' tickets have also not gone on sale for the closed circuit telecast of the fight at the various mgm properties in las vegas . thousands of those tickets are expected to be sold to fans that ca n't get into the arena itself , but no price has been set for them . pacquiao shows off his impressive speed - which he will hope will trouble mayweather . earning an estimated $ 180million from the bout , mayweather is confident he wo n't lose his perfect record . koncz said he talked to pacquiao on thursday about making sure he had enough tickets to take care of people in his camp . he said there have been requests from around the world for fight tickets , but that they have been forced to put them off because of the uncertainty over how many tickets are available and their pricing . one thing that is certain , he said , is no one - including the celebrities who generally populate the ringside seats - is getting in for free . ' nobody 's getting free tickets , ' koncz said . ' even bob ( arum ) has to pay for his ticket in the first row . ' mayweather and pacquiao pose during a press conference ahead of their mega-fight in las vegas .