celebrities and music lovers gathered on friday in the southern california desert for the beginning of the annual coachella valley music and arts festival - the first big arts and music festival of the summer season . as in previous years , the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act ac/dc was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as azealia banks , tame impala , alabama shakes and interpol . this year 's lineup includes rapper drake , florence and the machine , fka twigs , david guetta , the weeknd , kasabian , alt-j and toro y moi among others . scroll down for video . festival goers dance in the sahara tent during day one of the 2015 coachella valley music and arts festival at the empire polo club on friday . a pair of friends enjoy the warm weather while in the southern california desert during the music festival . music fans riley , emily and michaela from orange county enjoy the warm weather as they dance during coachella . musicians sean lennon ( left ) and charlotte kemp muhl of the ghost of a saber tooth tiger pose onstage . life mimics art as attendees pose for photos at the ' earthmover , ' by christian ristow one of many art installations on display . music lovers and mavericks enjoy the live music at the do lab at coachella valley music and arts festival . a wave of celebrities began documenting their travels and capturing their fun while at the festival on friday including models gigi hadid and kendall jenner , actor scott eastwood and actress annabella ' bella ' thorne . while they enjoyed the sunshine , attendees were donned in warm-weather gear from tank top and shorts to swimsuits , while others took the opportunity to bring out their eclectic best . actress and model annabella ' bella ' thorne shared photos on her instagram from coachella with the caption ' it 's just starting ' . kendall jenner runs through a crowd of people at coachella with pal hailey baldwin as they were among several celebrities in attendance . party time : scott eastwood kicks back with a heineken and friends at the coachella beer gardens . music fans dance in the sahara tent while at the empire polo club on friday . musical acts include ac/dc , interpol and alabama shakes . actor blake anderson ( center ) and recording artist tyler , the creator ( right ) were among the many celebrity sightings on friday . festival goers and celebrities gathered for the beginning of the festival with headlining act ac/dc scheduled to perform on friday . attendees jump in front of the papilio merraculous art installation by poetic kinetics on april 10 , 2015 in indio , california . the festival began early friday afternoon featuring both music and a wide array of art installations such as papilio merraculous , a massive structure resembling a worm , created by poetic kinetics . coachella as usual includes two weekends this year with identical lineups from april 10-12 and april 17-19 . the art and music festival , which is considered the tastemaker of u.s. music events , attracts around 175,000 people each year and sells out quickly . last year , it grossed $ 78million , according to industry monitor billboard box office . coachella and two other longstanding us festivals , bonnaroo in tennessee and lollapalooza in chicago , both have their roots in 1990s alternative culture and market themselves as staging grounds for emerging stars . recording artist azealia banks takes the stage as part of the first day of the festival 's line up . american pop rock band haim , made of sisters este , danielle and alana haim , gather for a picture during coachella . music fans and free spirits displayed their eclectic style during coachella on friday with quirky outfits . the pulp pavilion art installation by ball-nogues studio is photographed and enjoyed by festival goers on day one of the festival . music fans take a break from dancing and gallivanting in the sun to pose for a selfie during coachella . a couple of friends relax on the grass as they pose for a picture during the festival which attracted a massive crowd . with a better view than others , festival goers on the shoulders of friends jam to the live performance during coachella on friday . attendees revel in the loud beats at the water-drenched dance floor at the do lab during the first day of the festival .