a retired major general is among 1,000 british service personnel requiring psychiatric treatment after taking an anti-malarial drug issued by the ministry of defence . new figures released by the mod show that since 2008 , 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues after having been prescribed lariam . despite lariam - the brand name for the drug mefloquine - being banned by the u.s. military due to concerns over side effects , the mod has ignored appeals to stop prescribing it in what critics say is an escalating ' scandal ' . major-general alastair duncan ( pictured ) is currently in a psychiatric unit after having been given the drug prior to a deployment in sierra leone . according to the independent 's jonathan owen , retired major general alastair duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit following a post traumatic stress disorder episode four months ago . maj-gen duncan was given the drug lariam before a deployment to sierra leone . his wife ellen told the paper : ' if 1,000 troops have reported the effects then you can be sure there are others who have not . i know personally of several and anecdotally of many more . the long-term effects of this will be more and more in evidence over the coming years . ' mrs duncan 's comments follow those from string of former military servicemen who have hit out at the mod over its continuing use of lariam . general lord dannatt told the paper it was ' extraordinary ' the mod continued to prescribe lariam given the weight of evidence about its side effects , and urged it to use other anti-malaria medicines . lariam 's use by the u.s. military has also been closely scrutinized . the drug has been heavily discredited by the country 's medicine watchdog . the u.s. food and drug administration warns lariam can cause serious mental health issues and should not be taken by anyone suffering from depression . these include anxiety , seizures , paranoia , hallucinations , and depression . in 2013 , the organisation gave it a ' boxed warning ' - the most serious of its kind - due to the neurological and psychiatric side effects associated with it . it stated : ' neurologic side effects can occur at any time during drug use , and can last for months to years after the drug is stopped or can be permanent . ' it went on to state that such symptoms interfered with patients ' daily activities and ability to work , and in some cases were noticed after having taken only one or two doses . the u.s. military banned lariam after it was linked to the case of robert bales , a soldier who massacred 16 afghan civilians . mefloquin is used to treat malaria and was developed by army researchers towards the end of the vietnam war . it gained support among the fighting forces because it works in areas where mosquitoes developed resistance to an earlier treatment , chloroquine , and requires just one tablet a week , not the daily dose needed with other medications . side effects include seizures , depression , hallucinations , violent behaviour , feeling that others want to harm you , thoughts of hurting or killing yourself and many others . almost four decades after inventing it , the u.s. army pushed it to the back of its medicine cabinet . the about-face followed years of complaints and concerns that mefloquine caused psychiatric and physical side effects . in recent years , the army slashed by almost 75 per cent the amount of mefloquine it prescribes , even as it sent thousands more soldiers to malaria-prone afghanistan . soldiers who had suffered from traumatic brain injuries were particularly advised against using it . ' mefloquine is a zombie drug . it 's dangerous , and it should have been killed off years ago , ' said dr. remington nevin , an epidemiologist and army major who has published research that he said showed the drug can be potentially toxic to the brain . 