the daughter of a paedophile jailed for sexually assaulting an eight-year-old girl said her father should be hanged for his crimes . becky handley , 20 , discovered her father , raymond handley 's grisly crimes against a child in a local newspaper article . he was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at birmingham crown court after details of the repeated assaults emerged . now his daughter , who was kept from seeing him as a child , has disowned him and vowed to change her name via deed poll . becky handley said her father raymond handley should be ' hanged ' for sexually assaulting a girl , eight . miss handley , a restaurant worker , learned of his crimes after reading about them online . so disgusted with his crimes , miss handley said her father deserves the death penalty rather than a prison term . ' i want the death penalty brought back for people like my father . i think he should be hanged for what he has done . ' speaking of the victim , who miss handley says she does not know , she added : ' i really feel bad for this young girl and i really hope that she gets through it . ' he has stolen a little girl 's innocence and i hope he rots in prison and dies there for what he has done . ' birmingham crown court heard how handley , 62 , sexually assaulted his young victim twice before threatening to kill her mother if details of the abuse emerged . miss handley now wants to change her name via deed poll . it took the child years to report the incidents to police for fear of him . she is understood to have suffered severe psychological since . miss handley was not aware of her father 's crimes until her sister showed her a local newspaper article which detailed the case . ' i just saw the name in the headline and i immediately thought `` oh god , he 's dead ! `` . ' but when i read the headline properly , i just could n't believe what i was seeing , ' added the restaurant worker . ' i felt deeply ashamed to have the handley name . i want my father to die behind bars . ' miss handley did not see her father as a child and was discouraged from contacting him by her mother as an adult . she has lived with her mother , dawn williams , and stepfather since she was nine . speaking of her former husband , ms williams , 52 , said : ' i always had a gut feeling about him . i found out that he was breaking into schools and houses and i kicked him out . ' the pair divorced before becky 's first birthday . ' he is a horrible man . he 's a real rotten apple and i wish i 'd known more about him before i started a relationship with him . ' what he has done is disgusting . i ca n't even think about what he has done to that poor girl . ' jailing handley earlier this month , judge roderick henderson , cited the paedophile 's threats against his victim 's family . ' she was extremely young and can be described as suffering severe psychological harm from what you had done . ' handley denied his crimes , his lawyer saying that of his 90 previous convictions none had been of a sexual nature . handley was jailed at birmingham crown court ( above ) where a judge told of the ' severe psychological damage ' the attacks inflicted on his victim . 