paul smith , having bravely lost his two challenges to arthur abraham in germany , now finds himself in pole position for a third successive joust against a reigning world super-middleweight champion . only this time the elder of liverpool 's fine family of four fighting brothers will not be boxing for a title , even though it is against a far more formidable champion . andre ward , still ranked by many among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world despite 17 months out of the ring , sees smith as the ideal warm-up opponent , possibly before a rematch with carl froch . paul smith ( right ) throws a punch towards arthur abraham during their title fight in berlin in february . andre ward ( left ) poses with his many title belts after defeating edwin rodriguez in november 2013 . kell brook could have had his much-craved battle of britain ... if eddie hearn had not been so ' disrespectful ' , claims amir khan 's dad shah . read more here . virgil hunter , california-based trainer of both ward and amir khan , says : ' smith is who we want and i 'm told it 's a done deal . but it wo n't be for andre 's belt even though it will be over the 12-round championship distance . ' the wba have ordered their two super-middle world champions – ward ' super , ' froch ' regular ' – to meet in a unification fight . froch declared willingness if ward returns the compliment by travelling to the uk , having won their first meeting in the us . ward ( left ) lands a left jab on carl froch before going on to win their title bout in new jersey in 2011 . froch ( left ) stands alongside james degale before a television appearance in liverpool last july . ward said he would make the away trip but only as far as london , not to nottingham where froch has long desired to box on his hometown city ground . hunter declares : ' andre would have gladly taken carl straight away . ' but now it appears the wba are granting the so-called son of god licence to shake off the ring rust where he almost always fights , in his native city across the bay from san francisco . froch , meanwhile , is turning his attention to his other remaining ambition before retirement – a first appearance on the las vegas strip , against the namesake son of mexican legend julio cesar chavez . step into oakland 's oracle arena , paul smith . good luck to him , in every sense of the phrase . julis cesar chavez jr ( centre ) celebrates after winning the wbc world middleweight title in june 2011 . 