a crying 19-month-old girl was removed from a plane and met by police after she was accused of causing a security breach . as the aircraft taxied on the runway at ben gurion airport in israel , bound for luton , sarina aziz became agitated after cabin crew asked that she sit on her parents’ lap . ariella and mark aziz , who live in north london , struggled to keep their daughter still after strapping her in the connector belt required for children under the age of two . one-year-old sarina aziz became agitated on a flight from israel to luton that led to her being ejected from the plane . mark aziz , pictured right , spoke with airline staff outside the aircraft before his family was removed . however they say they were shocked to find that staff had decided to alert the captain , who took the decision to halt the flight and call security to remove the family from the plane . mr aziz , who said the family are seeking legal advice over the incident on a transavia airlines flight in tel aviv , said : ‘ i want to emphasise that we wanted to , and were , complying with the crew’s instructions . ‘ i was simply trying to restrain our daughter who had become unhappy after being moved from a child seat on to our laps . we had actually purchased a seat for her to sit in , and she was very happy in that and belted in correctly . ‘ but the stewardess came up to us and said that their policy was for the child to be seated on a parent’s lap . we said we were happy to go along with this and were in no way argumentative . ’ mr aziz described how after being moved from her seat , his daughter became frustrated and unhappy , and it became difficult to keep her subdued . ‘ all we were doing was asking the cabin crew what we can do , and asking for help , ’ he added . after his daughter’s behaviour continued to attract the attention of the crew , mr aziz claims another steward , who had not seen the original incident unfold , marched over to him ‘ very aggressively’ . transavia airlines have said that the action was justified as the child was not ' following safety instructions ' . the incident occurred at ben gurion airport in israel ( pictured ) on a flight bound for london luton . mr aziz said : ‘ he was standing over me shouting and it felt like he was trying to provoke me . i felt very threatened ; he was saying “you’ve got to sort it , ” and that he would not help as it was not his problem . ’ speaking to jewish news online , mrs aziz said : ‘ it was like a terrorist incident , i couldn’t believe it . the next thing you know we’re all in squad cars heading back to ben gurion . ’ fellow passenger ben wasserstrum described how the pilot said that there had been ‘ a security breach , ’ before returning those on board to the terminal . a spokesman for transavia told mailonline : ‘ it is very important that flight safety instructions are followed by all our passengers . it was unfortunate that the child was ill , but even then the flight safety rules must be followed . ’ however , mr aziz said his daughter was not ‘ill’ , although he admits that she was sick after she was moved . he said : ‘ i was covered in sick but we received no sympathy from the staff whatsoever . ’ he added : ‘ the airline is trying to legitimise their actions and shirk responsibility . i believe that if this instance was legitimate then they’d be kicking families off planes every day because i’ve been on so many flights where babies don’t settle . but you can’t ban families from going away with babies on planes – that would be crazy . ’ a chinese family was kicked off a cathay pacific flight last month after their three-year-old son refused to wear a seatbelt , causing a delay for other passengers . the hong kong-bound plane sat at its gate at a bangkok airport for an extra 30 minutes while the family , flight attendants and other travellers were involved in a heated stand-off . most airlines allow children under two to sit on a parent’s lap during take-off and landing . any child over that age must sit in their own seat and wear a safety belt . the boy 's father ( middle ) rowed with other passengers , after the family were instructed to leave the plane after his son refused to wear a seatbelt . the boy refused to take his seat and wear a seatbelt moments before flight cx654 was scheduled to take off from suvarnabhumi bangkok international airport , a passenger , named lau , told hong kong’s apple daily newspaper . all other passengers were seated and prepared for their two-hour journey . flight attendants asked the family to put the boy in his seat and buckle his safety belt , but the parents refused to obey their directions and insisted that the boy be allowed to sit on his mother’s lap , the south china morning post reported . elizabeth sedway , 51 , says alaska airlines had her ejected from a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor 's note clearing her to fly . a married mother of two battling cancer was ejected from an alaska airlines flight from hawaii to california along with her family because she lacked a doctor 's note clearing her to fly . elizabeth sedway , 51 , from granite hill , california , posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . mrs sedway , who suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - detailed her ordeal in a status update accompanying the short video , which has been shared nearly 10,000 times as of tuesday evening . in the message , the mother of two explained that she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at lihue airport on kauai when an alaska airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything . mrs sedway initially said she was fine , but when the airline employee approached her a second time , she indicated that she might require a little extra time to board the plane because she sometimes felt ' weak . ' daniel levitan was barred from an american airlines flight after his family advised a tannoy announcement saying he had a nut allergy . the sedway family eventually boarded the plane and were awaiting takeoff in their seats when an airline representative came on board and announced that the cancer-stricken passenger could not fly without a note from her doctor . a schoolboy with a peanut allergy was barred from boarding a u.s. plane after his parents asked for a tannoy announcement advising fellow fliers not to eat nuts . the parents of daniel levitan are appalled at their alleged treatment by american airlines , adding a staff member had told them previously : ' americans have the right to eat nuts ' . daniel , 11 , was at the gate at florida 's fort myers airport when his parents demanded the announcement - but an american airlines staff member refused , they said . in the ensuing row , daniel 's parents explained his throat could have closed in a ' worst case scenario ' , which prompted them to be barred altogether . the aa staff member then allegedly demanded to see a ' fit to fly ' certificate before sending the family away and cancelling their tickets .