a fund-raising drive to help keep one of the country 's oldest war veterans in his own home after a london council refused to pay for his ongoing care has reached £10,000 in just four days . brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after second world war veteran robert clark at his home in burnt oak , north london . this is despite the fact he had already used £50,000 of his life savings paying for his care . war veteran robert clark , pictured , who has had a fund-raising appeal set up in his name so he can remain in his own home with a live-in carer . a donations page set up by the forces charity help for heroes has already raised £10,000 to help mr clark remain in his own home . the council told mr clark he would have to be moved into a local care home with his son mike describing the move as like asking his father to go back into a ' prisoner of war camp ' . the pensioner 's plight prompted armed forces charity help for heroes to launch a fund-raising campaign to allow mr clark to stay in his home , which he has lived in for more than 50 years and pay towards the cost of a carer . and in just four days the total amount of donations has reached £10,000 , despite setting an initial target of £5,000 just four days ago . the amount will pay for around four to five months care for mr clark in his own home . david fraser from the charity confirmed that they are working with mr clark to discuss what to do with the cash and added they have set a new fund-raising target of £15,000 . he told mailonline : ' i think when you look at what he has done and what he has been through , he deserves an awful lot of respect . ' he deserves to be able to stay in his own home . ' writing home : veteran robert clark , pictured in 1940 , when he was serving with durham light infantry . mr clark is one of britain 's oldest surviving prisoners of war - and one of the few british soldiers to survive hitler 's 1,000-mile death march . he was a gunner in the durham light infantry when he was captured by the nazis in the north african city of tobruk in june 1942 . he spent the rest of the war in prison camps in poland , before being forced to join the ' death match ' in 1945 . now a great-great grandfather , he is one of britain 's oldest surviving pows and is registered blind , deaf in one ear , is dependent on a wheelchair and has suffered from severe anxiety . for the past two years he has used his savings to pay towards the £960-a-week cost of a live-in carer , while brent council contributed £350 per week . but as his money runs out , the council is refusing to increase its funding for mr clark . an online petition has also been set up calling for the council to increase its funding , which has also gained almost 170,000 signatures . robert clark ( front row , second left ) pictured on june 21 , 1943 at prisoner of war camp campo pg70 in italy . his son mike , whose home in harpenden , hertfordshire is not suitable for his father , has previously spoken of how he situation is causing the pensioner anxiety and making him unable to sleep . he explained : 'he’s as good as told me that if he has to move , he’ll just give up on life . whenever he’s been in hospital , pulls the blankets over his head and stops talking . ‘ he hates being anywhere which is n't familiar , going into a care home will be like going back into a prisoner of war camp . ’ however , brent council have stated they will not increase their funding for a live-in carer but say there is absolutely no question he will be evicted . they also added he wo n't need to sell his house to pay for his care and say they want to find a solution which meets his needs and provides value for money for the taxpayer . to donate to mr clark 's fundraising page , click here .