his penchant for topless scything has proved a hit with housewives around the uk - and sent many rushing to social media to declare their love for actor aidan turner , 31 . but it seems not everyone is a fan of the gardening techniques featured on poldark - not least the mowing community who have complained about turner 's ' excessive sweating and grunting ' and say it should never be done shirtless . turner set hearts aflutter when he stripped off to manfully mow a hay field with a scythe , an ancient cutting tool used for centuries prior to horse drawn and modern mowing machinery . scroll down for video . more like iggy pop : scything expert chris riley says his own physique is more like rocker iggy pop . but while the sexy scene helped send audience ratings through the roof , it prompted a scathing critique from a band of enthusiasts dedicated to keeping the age-old art alive . they say turner’s macho grunts and terrible technique as he hacked at the hay tarnished the view of the usually ' sedate ' action of scything . expert scyther chris riley , 56 , says in real life , turner would have run out of breath long before completing the filed - and he would have kept his shirt on to protect him from the sun . ' when the poldark episode in question aired , word got around our network of scythe enthusiasts very quickly that there had been this scene in it where aidan turner used a scythe , ' he says . ' it was accompanied by a lot of comments saying his technique wasn’t very good . the story of poldark highlights the romantic aspect of the scythe and its use in history but we weren’t very impressed with aidan turner’s scything.. . that 's how it 's done : mr riley demonstrates how scything should really be done . surely not ? mr riley brushed off comparisons with poldark and compared himself to iggy pop instead . that 's more like it : aidan turner 's shirtless poldark has been setting hearts aflutter on sunday nights . ' there was a lot of sweating and grunting going on but the only time you’d mow like that would be in a competition . ' mr riley , from gillingham in dorset , also questioned whether turner had been shown how to use a scythe properly before the cameras rolled . ' scything is an efficient and poetic way of cutting rather than the way it was portrayed on poldark where it was this very aggressive , manly action . ' using a scythe should be a sedate , pleasurable activity rather than an arduous , backbreaking chore . it can be zen-like if you’ve got a sharp blade and good technique . ' that was how the programme makers wanted to portray it but it was clear to us that there wasn’t much effective work being done . ' the grass and flowers in the meadow weren’t flying everywhere , which you might expect if someone was good with a scythe . ' i would guess that aiden turner had not been shown how to use a scythe properly before filming . if an experienced scyther were to put the same amount of energy into it as on poldark they’d be getting an awful lot done . ' a work rate like that is also not conducive to keeping the action up all day , but that was obviously in conflict with how producers wanted the scene to look . ' mr riley also raised questions about turner’s lack of shirt , claiming a real scyther would keep their clothes on to protect them from the elements . exhausting : mr riley says poldark puts too much effort into his scything and would n't finish the job . smooth move : fellow expert simon fairlie , from dorset , shows off his skills in a west country meadow . the 56-year-old , who runs courses in how to wield a scythe , added : ' the fact that he had no top on was not particularly realistic - if you were in the field all day and wanted to protect yourself from the sun you wouldn’t take your shirt off . ' there are times when it is ok to scythe topless , like if you are in competition , but i’m more iggy pop than aiden turner . ' meanwhile ... female fans take to twitter to complain about the lack of shirtless mowing in last night 's episode of poldark . female fans of bbc one 's cornish period drama poldark are complaining after dashing actor aidan turner kept his shirt on in last night 's penultimate episode . many have taken to twitter to voice their upset after the irish hunk , who plays captain poldark , went a whole episode without revealing his chest . in previous episodes the star has been seen scything topless and skinny dipping in the cornish sea . where are the abs ? fans were disappointed by the lack of topless action in last night 's poldark . recap : poldark has appeared topless in nearly every episode and is seen here in episode three . memorable : episode two featured aidan turner taking a naked swim in crystal clear cornish waters . last night the bbc continuity announcer said there would be ' distressing scenes ' as one of the characters is murdered , but many women joked it was ' distressing ' seeing turner fully clothed . one fan named stacey tweeted : ' distressing scenes my arse . only ' cos he kept his clothes on all night # poldark . ' verthless added : ' despite the @ bbcone warning before # poldark my wife is traumatised by some of the scenes in which aiden turner kept his shirt on . ' jacqui walls posted : ' all bad news on the # poldark front tonight . @ aidan turner did n't get his shirt off once . ' others complained about the lack of any obvious carer for captain poldark and demelza 's baby julia because she was absent from most of the scenes . although poldark sacks his servants jud and prudie , demelza is later seen visiting francis and going for cliff top walks without her baby daughter . ' can someone tell me who looks after # poldark 's baby @ bbcone , ' tweeted mursmums . cross : a viewer complained that the real source of distress was a lack of shirtlessness . traumatic : viewers had been hoping that poldark would take his top off - but had no such luck . compensation : one concluded that at least poldark 's trademark smoulder had been left in place . denouement : next week 's finale will reveal whether ross and francis manage to patch up their quarrel . fired : other viewers questioned who was doing the childcare following jud and prudie 's sacking . gallery 45 tweeted : ' it 's all very good swooning over ross , but we have some serious concerns for the welfare of baby julia ! # homealone . ' others joined a growing chorus of fans who want the series to continue beyond the final episode which airs next sunday . fenteroon hol cotts tweeted : ' have a feeling there 's be lots of tears shed next sunday eve , approx 10pm . ' caley added : ' i genuinely do n't know what i 'm going to do after nxt wk . first # fortitude ends , now # poldark . ' heidi wrote : ' ca n't believe # poldark is near the end its been the highlight of my weekends ! ! ! ! ' jaime watson posted : ' ca n't believe it 's the last # poldark next week . how am i going to survive without seeing @ aidanturner every sunday ? ' another , hannah , tweeted : ' last episode of # poldark next week . sad times . i like my weekly aidan turner fix . ' luckily for fans of the 18th century mining drama and mr turner , the bbc announced last week that it has commissioned a second series of poldark .