sam allardyce has revealed the reason behind his furious rant at fourth official robert madley towards the end of west ham’s defeat at manchester city on sunday . the hammers boss was incensed that eliaquim mangala was not penalised for a foul against stewart downing , who managed to stay on his feet despite a late challenge from city’s £32million defender . referee anthony taylor took no action as the ball ran out of play and an animated allardyce vented his fury towards madley on the touchline . sam allardyce gives fourth official robert madley a piece of his mind during west ham 's defeat . the hammers boss also screams at the linesman during the 2-0 loss to manchester city . allardyce snarls in frustration alongside manuel pellegrini from the touchline at the etihad . the upton park boss launched a tirade at the fourth official before eventually sharing a smile with him . allardyce can not resist taking an extended pop at madley from the sidelines . it was highlighted on match of the day but the 60-year-old later questioned whether downing had paid the price for his honesty instead of taking a fall and earning his team a freekick . ‘ everybody goes on about simulation and players cheating and doing this and that , ’ said allardyce . ‘ mangala comes out and tries to clean out stewart downing . ‘ downing stays on his feet and the assistant is one yard off and doesn’t flag for the foul . so what do i say to stewart downing ? “ for god’s sake dive on the floor and get a freekick ? ” because we could put the freekick in and get a goal . ’ allardyce was unhappy with downing for giving away possession in the build-up to city’s second goal scored by sergio aguero , having already conceded an own-goal from james collins . allardyce was aggrieved because a foul by eliaquim mangala on stewart downing ( not pictured ) was missed . sergio aguero finished off a fine move to hand the champions a 2-0 win to get their season back on track . he added : ‘ the disappointing thing in the first half was the goals we gifted to city and the amount of possession we allowed ourselves to lose . ‘ the two mistakes we make for the goals , one was pretty bizarre and the other unexpected from a player as experienced as stewart downing . ‘ in the second half eventually changing the system got us going forward , and when we create as good chances as those for enner valencia and kevin nolan we have to convert them . but the most disappointing thing was the goals we gifted city . ’ 