a mother says she has been left ' devastated ' after her daughter failed to get a place at the same primary school her three brothers attend . joanne whitehouse , 44 , had applied for her four-year-old daughter alice to go to st john fisher 's rc primary school in middleton near rochdale as her only preference . her sons joel , nine , harri , seven , and ollie , six , already attend the school and she believed there would be ' no issue ' with her daughter gaining a place . joanne whitehouse ( centre ) was left ' devastated ' after finding out her daughter alice ( right ) and granddaughter olivia ( left ) wo n't be able to go to the same school as her three sons . alice pictured with her brothers , joel , nine , ( second left ) harri , seven , ( right ) and ollie , six ( far left ) . but when the school allocations were revealed this morning she found out her youngest would have to go to a different school , which is a 20 minute walk from her other children 's . ms whitehouse 's granddaughter olivia , who is also four , also missed out on a place at the school and will have to attend middleton parish c of e primary school with alice . the mother-of-eight , from middleton , greater manchester , was told there were 82 applications for just 30 places at the school this year . she is planning to appeal rochdale council 's decision and says : ' i ca n't split myself in half and be at both schools at the same time . ' alice 's brothers go to the school . so it just makes sense for alice and oliva to go there as well . i just do n't know what i 'm going to do . ' ms whitehouse added she is concerned there will be a delay in arranging a care plan for alice , who has type 1 diabetes and needs four daily insulin injections , while she awaits the appeal outcome . one in ten children across greater manchester missed out on their first choice of school when the allocations were announced this morning . alice 's brothers all attend st john fisher 's rc primary school in middleton ( pictured ) where she was expecting to attend . ms whitehouse found out today that her daughter will attend middleton parish cofe primary school instead . rochdale council , which had 2,851 applications this year compared with 2,749 in 2014 , said 88.9 per cent of children in the borough were offered their first school preference . it said 110 children - 3.8 per cent - were not offered any of their first three preferences , compared with 1.8 per cent last year . a council spokesman said : ' places at st john fisher are allocated in strict accordance with the published admission criteria for the school . there were a total of 82 preferences for 30 places . ' the school 's governing body ranked all 82 applications according to the published criteria , but the children concerned did not fall into the highest priorities , and so were not offered a place . ' only one preference was listed on the application form , and so because that preference could not be met , a place was offered at the school nearest to the home address with places . ' the parents have the right of appeal to an independent appeal panel . '