one diner found her meal had extra crunch this week when she found 50 pearls inside the baked oyster she was feasting on . toni elliot , 53 , thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett 's boat house in franklin , tennessee , on thursday . however , when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand . forty-nine precious stones followed . instead of being horrified by the bizarre discovery , elliot reportedly remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards . scroll down for video . not what i ordered : toni elliot , 53 , ( right ) found her meal had extra crunch this week when she found 50 pearls inside the baked oyster she was feasting on at puckett 's boat house in franklin , tennessee . as naturally-occurring pearls are rare , it 's expected that elliot 's stash could fetch a princely sum . eric horton , who was serving elliot at the time , said he could n't believe what he saw happening . he swiftly grabbed a container to collect the pearls up from eliot 's dinner plate . recalling the incident , he told wsmv news : ' it happens sometimes , every once in a while . ' however , this young lady continued to pull pearls out of her mouth , and the only thing we were missing was a string because she found 50 pearls in this one oyster . ' puckett 's boat house thought it could have broken a record for the most pearls in one oyster but apparently the number stands somewhere in the eighties . eliot 's fellow diners apparently laughed as they watched the unusual scene unfold . puckett 's boat house thought it could have broken a record for the most pearls in one oyster but apparently the number stands somewhere in the eighties . the eatery said it was the first time such an incident had occurred in its history . sometimes diners find one pearl in a mollusk but anything more is extremely rare.. . puckett 's boat house says it gets their oysters from the gulf of mexico off louisiana . producing pearls is an oyster’s way of protecting itself against foreign substances , such as a parasite or piece of shell .