forget friendly competition – it seems that real friends in the fashion world will do all they can in order to help promote each other , including starring in a campaign for a competing label . versace designer donatella versace , 59 , is set to appear in a new ad campaign not for her own brand , but for rival design house givenchy . givenchy designer riccardo tisci , 40 , revealed the surprising pick for his fall-winter campaign on instagram yesterday , posting a black and white photo of himself and donatella , who he described as his ‘ ultimate icon’ . double the designer power : versace designer donatella versace appears in a photo with riccardo tisci for givenchy 's new ad campaign . ' so proud and honored to introduce my new ultimate icon : donatella versace ... fw15 givenchy family campaign [ sic ] , ' he wrote , while promising that more images from the campaign will be unveiled soon . donatella re-posted the snap on her own account , captioning it : ' for my talented friend riccardo . together we break fashion boundaries today ! ' ' you made my day unforgettable , ' she continued in another post , thanking riccardo and the shoot 's photographers , mert alas and marcus piggott . fashionable friends : donatella , left , and riccardo , second from left , are longtime friends ; they are pictured here with franca sozzani , second from right , and naomi campbell , right . big name in the business : donatella regularly appears in ads for her own design house , versace , but this is the first time she is modeling for another designer . casting donatella in the campaign is without a doubt an unusual choice - both high-fashion brands attract similar clientele , including celebrities like kim kardashian and zoe saldana - but the designers have actually been friends for years , since first meeting at a vogue italia dinner a decade ago . in fact , donatella interviewed riccardo for interview magazine in 2011 , telling him she found his most recent collection at the time to be ' very beautiful - super sexy ' before adding that she would ' wear all of it ' . that did n't surprise riccardo , as the designer explained that he was ' obsessed ' with versace as a child and is still inspired by the brand 's designs . ' donatella , you are so much of a givenchy woman ! ' he told her . ' i would really love to see you dressed in givenchy . ' backstage bffs : riccardo posted this photo of himself with donatella during paris haute couture week . both givenchy and versace have many celebrity fans ; donatella is pictured here with versace lovers kate hudson , left , and goldie hawn , right , at paris fashion week this year . riccardo has more recently proved that he is a fan of donatella 's work as well . at paris haute couture week earlier this year , the givenchy designer posted a picture of the pair together backstage and referred to donatella as a ' couture queen ' in the photo 's caption . now , donatella is returning the complement by lending her face to his givenchy ads . ' you are one of the most talented designers there , ' she told him in 2011 . ' what you and i have in common , donatella , [ is ] that careful balance , ' he said , referring to their joint ability to push boundaries without becoming vulgar . now the pair will have givenchy 's fall-winter campaign in common too .