doctors at a scandal-hit hospital covered up a series of horrendous mistakes that led to the death of a twin baby boy , a coroner has ruled . thor dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery during which he suffered fatal brain damage due to a doctor’s errors , ruled stuart fisher , senior coroner for central lincolnshire . in a damning report , he said an unsupervised junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an ‘ unorthodox and unacceptable’ way . the coroner also concluded that senior managers at lincoln county hospital had tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth . doctors at the lincoln county hospital covered up a series of horrendous mistakes that led to the death of a twin baby boy ( pictured above with his mother michelle ) , a coroner has ruled . the report will come as a blow to the hospital , which has just been taken out of ‘ special measures’ . united lincolnshire hospitals nhs trust was put on a turnaround regime almost two years ago because of concerns over high death rates . it is meant to have made a host of improvements . but thor’s parents said the report revealed that staff had behaved ‘appallingly’ over their son’s death in september 2013 . rolf and michelle dalhaug were delighted when they found out they were expecting twins after seven years of trying for a baby . she was taken for a caesarean as doctors found thor was distressed . but after the baby’s head became stuck , junior surgeon dr deniz al-hirmizy tried to free him with her hands , before resorting to forceps . the baby was born alive but limp . doctors resuscitated him but he died an hour later . mr fisher ruled that thor died of brain damage as a result of attempts to free the baby’s head . he also wrote that the ‘ use of forceps in these circumstances was unorthodox and unacceptable’ . while dr al-hirmizy stated she had ‘ experience of caesareans’ , she claimed she had been ‘unsupervised’ , wrote mr fisher . surgeons ‘ neglected to make a full note of the circumstances’ , he found . ‘ in particular’ , he wrote , a doctor ‘ was advised to amend the caesarean pro forma , to include the fact that forceps were used’ . but this doctor was ‘ dissuaded from doing so by senior management as a result of concerns as to how this would be perceived’ . mr fisher ruled that thor died of brain damage as a result of attempts to free the baby’s head during delivery at the hospital ( above ) . mr dalhaug , 39 , said : ‘ the trust have acted appallingly , causing our family great hardship . we accept that accidents can , do and will happen . what we do not accept is their failure to be honest , their failure to learn and their failure to act . ’ dr suneil kapadia , the trust’s medical director , apologised to the dalhaug family and said it would pay them compensation . he went on to say that the care quality commission had recently rated the hospital’s maternity services as good . but suzanne white , a partner at law firm leigh day , said the family was looking at bringing a private prosecution . she added : ‘ despite representing families at inquests for over 15 years , i am astonished by the circumstances surrounding baby thor’s tragic death . ’