kate major lohan has been arrested for a ' drunken attack ' on her husband michael lohan , tmz report . kate - who was ordered to rehab by michael last year - is said to have had an alcohol relapse before getting physical with the father of lindsay lohan . tmz report that michael made a 911 call around 7:02pm on thursday claiming his wife had struck him after coming home inebriated . scroll down for video ... busted : kate major arrested again after she ' drunkenly attacked ' michael lohan after a heated argument on thursday at their home in . their argument then turned physical , with kate began scratching michael 's back . the site also reports that when police arrived kate was visibly intoxicated , had slurred speech and blood shot eyes . kate reportedly admitted she had been drinking , claimed michael grabbed her by the throat and that the argument was caused by him accusing her of cheating . fiery : michael ( pictured here with kate in 2010 ) was not wearing a shirt during the argument , and his wife reportedly began scratching his back . she was then taken to the palm beach country jail and charged for battery . a recording of his 911 call , obtained by tmz , captures michael pleading for police to come and arrest his wife . ‘ please ma'am i need help . my wife , she is drunk and on pills and she just attacked me , ' michael says as the sound of a baby crying in background can be heard . when asked if he was okay , he replied : ' i 'm more cut up . she just got out of jail . dwi the works . we are locked outside . i think the baby got hurt… she was hitting me and the baby . i got it all on tape . ’ the 911 dispatcher then enquires into what kind of drugs kate has been using : ‘ yeah she has been smoking marijuana , and taking pills and she went to get food and came back drunk . she is actually on a detox from alcohol [ right now ] . ’ adding : ‘ she 's on valium and [ … ] . yes , prescribed by a doctor , but the marijuana is not . ’ the dispatcher then asks if kate is in need of medical assistance . family drama : speaking to tmz , michael ( pictured with daughter lindsay and ex wife dina lohan in 2003 ) blamed his ongoing custody battle with dina for his fiery relationship with his new wife . ‘ no , no , i was running away , ’ michael replies . ‘ i have video [ of it all ] . ’ the recording ends with michael saying , ‘ she is telling our son to say i hit her . can you believe it ? she is crazy . listen to that drunk . ’ speaking to tmz , michael blamed his ongoing custody battle with ex-wife dina lohan for his fiery relationship with his new wife . he tells them : ' at the end of the day , this is all because of what dina is doing in court ... it affects kate too , and like anyone with a drug or alcohol problem , when they ca n't handle the stress , they resort to drinking . ' last year , dina filed court documents claiming that michael refuses to pay for his son cody 's $ 10,000-a-year school fees . it 's not the first time michael 's troubled wife kate has run into problems with the law . kate was arrested in march 2013 after michael called the police following another drunken feud . she was pulled over by police where she tested three times over the drink drive limit .  