david cameron has called on people to ' feel proud to say this is a christian country ' , in his annual easter message . as the election campaign slowed to mark the easter weekend , the prime minister hailed the work of the church and condemned the persecution of christians following the massacre in kenya . mr cameron 's praise for the church comes after he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter calling for a ' fresh moral vision of the kind of country we want to be ' which was widely seen as an attack on the coalition 's welfare cuts . scroll down for video . david cameron feeds orphaned lambs on dean lane farm near the village of chadlington in the cotswolds . mr cameron took a break from the campaign trail to visit the orphaned lambs in the nearby farm in his constituency . mr cameron was taken t visit the lambs with farmer julian tustian at dean lane farm just outside the village of chadlington . the archbishop of canterbury , the most rev justin welby , has condemned certain welfare reforms as part of a series of interventions by church leaders raising concerns about the shape of the economy . in his video message the prime minister , who has defended the right of the church to intervene in political debate , said easter was ' time to reflect on the part that christianity plays in our national life ' . ' the church is not just a collection of beautiful old buildings ; it is a living , active force doing great works across our country , ' he said . ' when people are homeless , the church is there with hot meals and shelter . when people are addicted or in debt ; when people are suffering , or grieving - the church is there . ' ' across britain , christians do n't just talk about ' loving thy neighbour ' , they live it out ... in faith schools , in prisons , in community groups . ' and it 's for all these reasons that we should feel proud to say : this is a christian country . ' yes , we are a nation that embraces , welcomes and accepts all faiths and none but we are still a christian country . ' prime minister david cameron said easter was ' time to reflect on the part that christianity plays ' in the uk . the pm , whose severely disabled son ivan died in 2009 , said that he knew ' from the most difficult times in my own life , that the kindness of the church can be a huge comfort ' . the slaughter at garissa university college in kenya , where al qaida-affiliated al-shabab gunmen specifically sought out and killed christian students , has been condemned by the pope and other leaders as they mark easter . ' we have a duty to speak out about the persecution of christians around the world too , ' mr cameron said . ' it is truly shocking to know that in 2015 , there are still christians being threatened , tortured - even killed - because of their faith ... ' i n the coming months , we must continue to speak as one voice for freedom of belief . ' so this easter , we should keep in our thoughts all those christians facing persecution abroad and give thanks for all those christians who are making a real difference here at home . ' deputy prime minister nick clegg said : ' while politicians in the uk are busy on the campaign trail , we must not forget the cruel and barbaric killings that took place in kenya . ' the thoughts of people here are very much with the families and friends of the murdered students in garissa university . ' mr cameron and his wife attended an easter sunday service at st nicholas church in chadlington , near chipping norton . the prime minister has hailed the church as a ' living active force doing great works ' for the poor and homeless . labour leader ed miliband said ' fear and uncertainty ' were issues for christians both in the uk and abroad . ' in the midst of the easter celebrations our hearts go out to those who face difficult times both overseas and closer to home . my thoughts are particularly with christians in syria , iraq and other countries where the church suffers terrible persecution , ' he wrote in a post on facebook . ' according to the international society for human rights , christians are the victims of 80 % of all acts of religious discrimination in the world today . we must all do everything we can to speak out against this evil and work to alleviate the suffering of those who are persecuted simply for their creed . ' but we do n't need to travel far to find families facing fear and uncertainty . over two million children are now living in poverty in the uk . i have admiration for those church members and christian charities that provide support and hope to those in need . ' over the easter weekend millions of christians will attend easter services and events up and down the country . through such gatherings , the church shares the story of the resurrection , and spreads the good news of easter . ' in the months to come i hope that we will all stand up for justice , serve the most vulnerable and work to positively transform our communities together . '