it 's a classic australian saying : 'g'day mate , how you going ? ' . but when one australian traveller tried to get american 's to repeat it , many were lost for words . kieran murray , from brisbane in queensland , recently spent months travelling across the us , and documented his interactions with locals all around the country . from a homeless man who was insistent upon telling his story about britney spears , to a man who insisted murray was saying ' get out of my nightgown ' , the filmmaker captured it all . scroll down for video . aussie filmmaker kieran murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks americans to attempt the australian accent by saying 'g'day mate , how you going ? one man in austin , texas ( far right ) was convinced murray said ' get out ( of ) my nightgown ' . this is the latest in a series of videos murray put together one of which is based around the same topic , and another of which asks people to guess what common australian expressions mean . ' i do n't even know what he said ! ' exclaimed one texan when asked by the brisbane man to repeat the phrase . ' say it again in english ? ' , asked a man in manhattan , new york . ' sounds chinese to me man , ' he later added . many people threw strange sideways glances at the man , trying to understand what he was saying , with one man declaring ' that 's spanish ! ' . others erupted into fits of laughter as they tried to translate the classic australian vernacular , and murray also ran into one very talkative man intent on repeating he used to live in the back of britney spears ' dads house . this new yorker said ' sounds chinese to me man ' , when speaking to the brisbane man . one man in nashville responded with an incomprehensible sentence while trying his hand at the aussie accent . this man , who did n't quite get the gist of the question , was insistent on telling a story about britney spears . ' i lived in the back , of britney spears ' dads house ' , the man , who appears to be homeless , told the filmaker over and over again . when he was asked again to repeat the phrase after murray , he simply said : ' all right ' . while on the subway murray asked one man to repeat what he said , but he simply declared ' ca n't do it ' . ' i do n't know what you said , were those words ? ' one woman , who appeared to be at a sporting event , asked the australian . ' what the hell 'd you say ? ' exclaimed one hog hunter in texas . kids giggled as they tried to understand what murray was saying in his australian accent . many times the filmmaker was met with strange glances from confused americans . children were n't much better and translating the popular aussie phrase , but the best of the bunch came from a shirtless man in austin , texas . ' wait i got this , ' the man said while surrounded by his friends before triumphantly proclaiming : ' get out my nightgown ! ' . ' that 's the one . get out my nightgown . i got it right , i already know i got it , ' the man said . murray even managed to stump a speech therapist who struggled to understand the australian accent . the video , aptly titled 'g'day mate : the sequel ' can be viewed in full on murray 's youtube page .