a chilling new jihadi video has emerged on social media , showing a new militia of female jihadis firing machine guns and practising drills in syria . all of the women are fully veiled , making it hard to identify individuals but it is possible the group may be linked to islamic state . standing on their parade ground , the radical women are shown shouting jihad slogans and attempting to use their ak 47 rifles . scroll down for video : the female jihadis are shown practising with their machine guns and learning how to march as a unit . some of the women appear to struggle with the the cumbersome weapons . the radical group of women boisterously shout religious slogans , praising islam and re-iterating their devotion to jihad . the women appear to struggle with the weight of their machine guns and make a number of basic rifle mistakes . one of the women is filmed hurriedly running up to a mound of sandbags , her burqa blowing heavily in the strong breeze . with the magazine of the machine gun incorrectly resting unevenly on a pile of old sandbags , the female jihadi fires off five rounds before being ushered away to allow another woman to practice . many of the women also seem surprised by the powerful recoil of the rifle , taking just a couple of shots before returning to the group . standing awkwardly in a group , many of the women appear to carelessly place the rifle butt on the ground whilst others appear to be leaning on their weapons . all of the women are fully veiled , making it hard to identify individuals but it is believed several of the women could be british nationals . many of the women can be seen menacingly waving their machine guns in the air whilst they walk slowly to their parade ground . the video opens with the band of female jihadi marching along a sloped road in the syrian countryside . charlie winter , a researcher at counter-terrorism think-tank the quilliam foundation , identified the location of the video , believed to have been filmed at the st simeon 's church , around 60 km from the syrian city of aleppo . many of the women can be seen menacingly waving their machine guns in the air whilst a few of the women simply point their fingers towards the sky . a couple of the women can be seen carrying their hand bags on their shoulder as they carefully navigate the uneven road . most of the women appear to be wearing white sports shoes or unflattering sandals and shoes . standing to attention , the unit of female jihadis sloppily hold their rifles by their sides , awaiting the commands of their self-appointed officer . many of the women seem surprised by the powerful recoil of the rifle , taking just a couple of shots before returning to the group . the training group are filmed from different angles , including close up shots of the female fighters . formed up in an informal parade square , the group stand to attention , lazily holding their guns down by their side . one of the women , who seems to be the enthusiastic leader of the group stands at the front , leading the loud call and response chants in arabic . they boisterously shot religious slogans , praising the islamic state and re-iterating their devotion to jihad . according to the international centre for the study of radicalisation ( icsr ) at king’s college london , a group of at least 30 female british female nationals have been identified as being based in northern syria . the once popular pilgrim site of the church of st simeon can be seen clearly in the background , its hallowed land now being used as the parade ground of islamic state . whilst one of the female jihadis gives a hate filled interview , some of the other fighters appear disinterested and can be seen chatting in the background . the once popular pilgrim site of the church of st simeon can be seen clearly in the background , its hallowed land now being used as the parade ground for extremists . whilst one of the female jihadis gives a hate filled interview to the camera , the remainder of the disorderly band of fighters can be seen chatting in the background . after more chanting and the leader shakily firing off a few out of control rounds of her machine gun , individual jihadis are given a chance to show off their amateur shooting skills . one of the women hurriedly runs up to a mound of sandbags , her burqa blowing heavily in the strong syrian breeze . many of the women seem surprised by the powerful recoil of the rifle , taking just a couple of shots before returning to the group . with the magazine of the machine gun incorrectly resting unevenly on a pile of old sandbags , the female jihadi fires off five rounds before being ushered away to allow another woman to practice . some of the fighters appear disinterested in the parading , seemingly showing more interest in gazing at the beautiful syrian countryside . according to the international centre for the study of radicalisation ( icsr ) at king’s college london , a group of at least 30 female british female nationals have been identified as being based in northern syria . most the british female jihadis live in the syrian town of manbij in aleppo province or the is de-facto capital city of raqqa .  