a japanese bullet train has broken the speed record for rail vehicles by reaching 366mph ( 589km/h ) . the maglev train completed a test run on a track in yamanashi , beating the previous record of 361mph ( 580km/h ) set in 2003 . another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow , and engineers at the central japan railway company predict it could reach 373mph ( 600km/h ) . scroll down for video . a japanese bullet train has broken the speed record for rail vehicles by reaching 366mph ( 589km/h ) maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track . this eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction , providing a faster and quieter service . acceleration and deceleration far exceeds that of conventional trains . and maglev also makes for much smoother journeys . right now speeds are limited at up to 400 kilometres ( 250 miles ) per hour due to the excessive air resistance encountered at these speeds . but vacuum tube designs could allow them to travel over seven times faster in the future . the seven-car train was able to go so fast because it made use of a magnetic charge to lift and move it above a guideway . the technology promises a ride that 's smoother , quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail . the speeds , however , wo n't be as high when the new line between tokyo and nagoya comes into service in 2027 . according to engineers , the trains will travel at 314mph ( 505km/h ) , which will cut the journey time for a 178-mile journey by more than half . for comparison , the uk 's hs2 rail line will run at 224mph ( 360km/h ) . the maglev trains are expected to eventually consist of 16 carriages and carry up to 1,000 passengers at a time . japan is well-established as the world leader in high-speed trains , having developed the first ' bullet train ' in 1964 . it is now hoping to bring the technology to the us and has outlined plans for a line between washington and baltimore , which will cut travel times between the cities to just 15 minutes . maglev was first proposed as a method to propel trains as far back as the mid 20th century . the first commercial maglev train to come into operation was a relatively low-speed shuttle at birmingham international airport in 1984 . this travelled at a rather mundane 26mph ( 42km/hr ) . it was not until the turn of the century , though , that high-speed maglev would come into commercial operation , mostly in japan and china . the technology promises a ride that 's smoother , quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail . the speeds wo n't be as high when the new line between tokyo and nagoya comes into service in 2027 . china was the first country to have a commercially-operated maglev service . the shanghai maglev opened to the public in january 2004 , and has a top commercial operational speed of 268mph due to the short track length.it cost $ 1.3billion ( £830million ) to build . manufacturers claim that maglev technology is less polluting than the flights that currently link the cities . but not everyone is convinced that the technology is safe . andy kunz , president of the us high speed rail association . told the los angeles times that maglev trains have proved to be expensive , power-intensive , and potentially unsafe . ' the problem is if you have one tiny little settling of the earth - which happens all the time because of plate tectonics - that can create little movements in the maglev system , which can send trains crashing into stuff , ' he said . china was the first country to have a commercially-operated maglev service . the shanghai maglev opened to the public in january 2004 , and has a top commercial operational speed of 268mph due to the short track length.it cost $ 1.3billion ( £830million ) to build . ' it 's a very difficult system to make operational . ' a new development called super-maglev could be set to push the limits even higher . last year , china 's first manned megathermal superconducting maglev was been tested successfully by the applied superconductivity laboratory of southwest jiaotong university . the technology works by using a vacuum tube to decrease the speed limitations imposed by air resistance on regular maglev trains . ' ett ( evacuated tube transport ) systems might allow hts maglev trains to attain speeds in a new order of magnitude , such as super-high 3,000km ( 1,800 miles ) per hour , which could be applied to some military or space launch systems , ' the researchers write . pictured on the left is a test model maglev train from 2003 . maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track . on the right , the new hokuriku ' shinkansen ' , or bullet train , bound for tokyo heading out of kanazawa station in ishikawa prefecture on march 14 .