fighting between rival fans forced a russian premier league match between arsenal tula and torpedo moscow to be stopped for seven minutes on sunday . a statement on arsenal 's official site read : ' in the 31st minute , fans from the visiting moscow club broke down barriers in front of the visitors sector and tried to get to the east stand , where a number of women and children were sitting . ' the torpedo fans began breaking seats and throwing them towards law enforcement officers and stewards . ' scroll down to watch video footage of the incident . fans fight leading to arsenal tula vs torpedo moscow to be suspended for seven minutes on sunday . torpedo moscow fans broke down barriers and threw chairs , according to arsenal tula 's website . referee alexander yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms , while fights broke out between fans on the running track after they managed to climb over barriers . after order was restored play resumed and torpedo ran out 3-1 winners . sergei cheban , executive director of the russian football premier league , said torpedo could expected to be heavily punished for this latest outbreak of violence by their fans . ' those people who organised the trouble have already been detained . the security forces on duty were very professional in their work , ' said cheban in an interview with championat.com . ' torpedo can expect to receive serious punishment . this is hooliganism and it not the first time they have stopped a match . the punishment will be harsh . ' torpedo 's fans have caused trouble on a number of occasions and the club have already been punished three times this season for racist behaviour of their supporters . the last incident occurred on march 15 when torpedo fans abused zenit st petersburg 's brazilian forward hulk . the side were sanctioned by having to play two matches behind closed doors . torpedo are currently in 12th place in the russian premier league table with 19 points , while arsenal tula are one place off the bottom with 14 points .