currently showing in cinemas , the new documentary montage of heck claims to offer the most intimate glimpse yet into the life of nirvana frontman kurt cobain . but one los angeles resident can offer fans an even more intense taste of the singer 's life , by letting them sleep in his house . cobain lived in this two bedroom apartment on spaulding avenue in l.a. 's fairfax district during the height of nirvana-mania . scroll down for video . the two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920 's building on spaulding avenue l.a. 's fairfax district . a picture taken of kurt cobain in the early 90s , sitting on the end of the double bed he shared with courtney love . and with a parrot resting on his head , of course . the graffiti , however , has long since disappeared . now its current owner , brandon kleinman , 31 , has listed it on airbnb . he wrote on the page advertising it : ' the place is the perfect combination of comfort , style , location and ... rock n ' roll history . ' kurt cobain and courtney love lived in the home during the height of nirvana 's musical influence 91-92 to be specific . ' at the time , kurt was focused on song writing and his artwork , much of which was created in the apartment . ' he ( cobain ) was particularly into painting during this time and even decorated the walls in the living room and bedroom . ' ' his favourite spot in the house : the bathtub . in it , he wrote the song 'heart-shaped box . ' the couple lived in the apartment in 1991 and 1992 , just before frances bean cobain was born . it is described as ' beautiful , decorated and clean ' - a far cry from the squalor revealed in photographs taken when cobain moved out in 1992 . according to charles r. cross 's 2001 cobain biography heavier than heaven , the singer and his wife rented the unit for $ 1,100 ( £727 ) a month . during the time they lived there , love was pregnant with frances bean cobain , while cobain was focusing on song writing and his artwork , much of which was created in the apartment . current guests will have to pay a little more to enjoy the central la location , with mr kleinman offering the apartment for $ 4,5654 ( £3,016 ) a month , or $ 1,142 ( £754 ) a week ( which works out at about $ 163/£108 per night ) . current guests will have to pay a little more to enjoy the central la location , with mr kleinman offering the apartment for £3016 a month , or £108 a night . up to three guests can stay in one bedroom of the 1,500-square-foot , two-bedroom , two-bath flat . one of four homes inside a 1920 's building , it offers a large living room with seating , a dining area and a small but fully stocked kitchen . it is described as ' beautiful , decorated and clean ' - a far cry from the squalor revealed in photographs taken when cobain moved out in 1992 , which showed graffiti on the walls and rubbish scattering every available surface . the rooms where cobain stayed have undergone a full renovation since he lived there . cobain moved out when love was eight months pregnant after a leak in the bathtub damaged the guitars , music and other possessions he stored there . since then the place has been fully renovated and much of the idol 's artwork has been covered up . mr kleinman told vulture magazine : ' there 's latex painting over the fireplace ' . it 's owner suspects art painted by cobain is hidden under layers of paint on the apartment 's walls . ' i know there 's tons of art painted on the actual mantel of the fireplace . i want to see if there 's a way to get under the layered paint , to see what he painted under there . ' ' i tried to get to the original hardwood floor in the hallway , but i ca n't , ' he said . ' it 's damaged because the bathtub leaked while kurt and courtney lived here . that 's why they moved out . ' the apartment is located in the middle of la , five minutes from shopping mecca the grove . 