david letterman stunned his late show audience into silence with a joke branded ' disrespectful to women ' . david letterman stunned his late show audience into silence with a joke which has been branded as ' disrespectful to women ' . the veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on monday when he made the off-colour gag . letterman had just opened up questions to the floor , and fielded the first query of the night from a college employee , reported the new york post . they asked what advice the scandal-hit comic would give to this year 's graduates . letterman , who was in 2009 forced to admit to string of affairs , said : ' treat a lady like a wh–e , and a wh–e like a lady . ' but the joke received a frosty reception from the shocked crowd . after being met with stunned silence , the host attempted to recover by offering further advice to graduates to ' eat salad ' and ' always be nice ' . however , several audience members at the ed sullivan theater were furious over the sexist joke . retired jerry stockton , from virginia , called it ' disrespectful to women ' while another , who would not be named , said it had been an ' odd choice ' for the first joke of the evening . the gag is thought to have been a reference to a saying by 1930s screenwriter wilson mizner . scroll down for video . joe logan , 41 , from pennsylvania , told the new york post : ' younger people watch his show . we already live in a culture that objectifies women , it 's not right to make a joke like that . ' a letterman spokesman said he could not ' confirm the accuracy ' of monday 's failed joke and would not comment further . but a source close to the show insisted ' it got a big laugh . ' letterman carried on with the show which had guests including john travolta and amy schumer , star of her eponymous comedy central show , ' inside amy schumer . ' old friends : david thanked john for being his friend over the decades during monday 's show . it was during a monday warm up that he made the gag . the grease actor , 61 , had tried to bring his son ben on to meet his ' old friend ' letterman but the nervous youngster had fled the stage into his mother 's arms . the host later offered some advice to schumer and instructed her to ' do something now that you 'll regret . ' so the comedienne immediately lifted her dress and flashed ... her surfing scar to a relieved-looking letterman . in october 2009 , the veteran host of the late show had been forced to admit to a string of affairs live on air by a blackmailing producer . the host made the shocking revelation on his show that he had cheated on his wife , regina lasko , whom he had only married that march . he made the confession after becoming the victim of an extortion plot concocted by a then-cbs producer , robert halderman , who demanded $ 2 million in exchange for his silence over the affairs . letterman is now planning to retire from the show after more than 20 years of hosting on may 20 . good times : david rubbed his forehead while amy cracked up after he told her to do something she 'd regret .