fraser ross , who founded the kitson fashion brand , is caught up in a $ 1million legal wrangle after being accused of swearing at staff in a los angeles store . the tycoon behind exclusive fashion brand kitson has been caught up in a $ 1million legal wrangle after being accused of swearing at staff in a los angeles store . fraser ross , who founded the company , is embroiled in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company running the kitson branch in los angeles airport ( lax ) to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship . kitson , which has shops in california and the far east , is hugely popular with celebrities including victoria beckham , lady gaga and kylie and kendall jenner , who have all been spotted with the brand 's blue bags . the multi-millionaire , from aberdeen , is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations he swore at workers at the lax outlet . despite bearing the kitson name - mr ross ' middle-name - the two stores in lax are not run by him . instead , another business called hudson pays kitson a licensing fee to use the brand . it is alleged that mr ross is unhappy with the way the shops are being managed and has made his feelings clear to staff . now hudson has filed a $ 1million lawsuit to end the business relationship . brian timmons , a lawyer for hudson , said : ' this is like a dysfunctional marriage that has been going on for a long time . ' in 2013 , hudson inserted a clause into the contract with kitson , giving it power to veto any kitson employee coming to the airport stores . mr timmons claims that the firm abided by the agreement until last spring , when mr ross began showing up without warning and behaving ' inappropriately ' toward employees . he said : ' he started saying , `` you are running the brand into the ground . there is too much dust on the shelves '' . lots of nitpicky things . ' it 's one thing to correct performance or provide criticism to employees . you know the difference when you go over the line , when you use inappropriate adjectives . ' kitson is popular with celebrities , including the likes of kendall and kylie jenner ( left ) and jennifer love hewitt ( right ) . despite bearing the kitson name - mr ross ' middle-name - the two stores in lax ( pictured ) are not run by him . according to the la times , hudson asked kitson to pay a $ 280,000 penalty for violating the terms of their agreement and another $ 750,000 as compensation for lost profits and the costs of re-branding the two stores after the partnership is terminated . last month kitson launched a counter legal action saying that hudson failed to keep the airport stores sufficiently clean , organised and staffed , and sold non-kitson merchandise in them . kitson spokeswoman courtney saavedra said mr ross did not want to comment . she added : ' our founder is very passionate about our brand and being represented correctly . that is never going to change . ' as far as berating employees , as far as the language they are stating that 's used , that 's simply not true . ' 