manchester united took another step closer to securing a champions league spot as they thumped rivals manchester city at old trafford on sunday afternoon . louis van gaal 's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours and just one point adrift of arsenal who currently occupy second place in the division . here 's how sportsmail rated each player ... manchester united ( 4-1-4-1 ) david de gea 6.5 – more effective with his feet than his hands , coming out of his box time and again to clear . will be disappointed to let in aguero’s second . antonio valencia 6.5 – kept city’s threat at bay down the right and even switched to the left at one point to stop aguero setting up an almost certain goal . phil jones 6 – caught ball watching for the first goal and looked ponderous at times , but also made some crucial interception tackles . david de gea celebrates during the premier league match between manchester united and manchester city . phil jones in action with jesus navas during the manchester derby at old trafford on sunday . chris smalling 6.5 – selected ahead of marcos rojo , made up for his needless red card in the etihad derby earlier this season by scoring united’s fourth . daley blind 6 – got forward well and was involved in two of united’s three goals but looked susceptible to the pace of navas on defence . michael carrick 7 – his calming influence in midfield was so important for united again , and also produced several timely interceptions . marouane fellaini helps manchester united take the lead at old trafford as joe hart looks on in anguish . juan mata 7.5 – two goals against liverpool and now one against city , mata finally looks as though he is settled as a united player and deserved his standing ovation . ander herrera 6 – more solid than the eye-catching performances of late , but played his part in maintaining united’s midfield dominance . marouane fellaini 7.5 – a familiar story for united’s unlikely hero . city never really got to grips with his awkward presence and took his goal well . wayne rooney jumps on top of the belgian goalkeeper as manchester united celebrate at old trafford . ashley young 8 – quick reaction to score united’s first goal and provided the deliveries for another two for fellaini and smalling . young’s remarkable renaissance under louis van gaal continues . wayne rooney 6.5 – had less impact in a 4-1 win than you might have expected but still played a key role for the team and set up the third for mata . subs : rafael , rojo ( for jones 75 , 6 ) , di maria ( for mata 81 , 5.5 ) , falcao ( for fellaini 83 , 6 ) , januzaj , valdes , mcnair . scorers : young , fellaini , mata , smalling . booked : none . spanish midfielder juan mata takes on fellow countryman jesus navas at old trafford on sunday . manchester city ( 4-4-1-1 ) joe hart 5.5 – will be unhappy that he allowed fellaini’s header to creep past him at the near post but had little chance with the others . pablo zabaleta 5 – caught out for united’s first goal and struggled to get forward as much as usual but set up aguero’s second . vincent kompany 5 – cleared to play despite a hamstring problem but seemed to aggravate it in a rash lunge on blind that could have been a red card . subbed at half-time . martin demichelis and joe hart celebrate as sergio aguero scores at old trafford . martin demichelis 6 – solid enough despite losing his centre-back partner at half-time and getting an arm in the face from fellaini . gael clichy 5 – the frenchman’s break from deep helped set up city’s opener , but it was his man who scored on both occasions as united surged into the lead . jesus navas 5 – failed to beat de gea with a great early opportunity and continues to lack a cutting edge despite his searing pace . former arsenal defender gael clichy slides in for the ball against manchester united 's ashley young . yaya toure 6 – great vision with some of his passing but the big ivorian is still not imposing himself on games as much as he used to . fernandinho 5.5 – fantastic early challenge on herrera but faded after that as united came back to take control of the game . james milner 5.5 – skied one attempt into the stretford end like he was kicking at twickenham . a frustrated figure when he was subbed after being fouled by jones . david silva 6 – got the assist for city’s first goal but outshone by mata and was booked for fouling his spanish compatriot out of frustration . manchester city defender vincent was booked and subbed as they crashed to defeat at old trafford . sergio aguero 7 – can’t argue with two goals in a derby game away from home but united were home and dry by the time the second went in . subs : fernando , nasri ( for milner 63 , 6 ) , dzeko , kolarov , caballero , lampard ( for navas 74 , 5.5 ) , mangala ( for kompany 46 , 6 ) . scorer : aguero 2 . booked : milner , silva , kompany . referee : mark clattenburg 7 . star man : ashley young . louis van gaal – 7 . manuel pellegrini – 4 . phil jones lunges in on manchester city ace sergio aguero as the argentinean takes sight of goal .