lawyers for a high school honor student in massachusetts say the teen is ' bewildered ' over the involuntary manslaughter charges against her following the suicide of her friend , as they push to have the case moved to a different county due to ' a conflict of interest ' . michelle carter , 18 , looked glum as she appeared in court in new bedford on thursday accused of encouraging the death of conrad roy iii , who gassed himself in his truck in fairhaven last july . during the hearing her defense attorney requested the case be moved out of bristol county , saying it 's ' impossible ' for carter to receive a fair trial in the area because the district attorney is the victim 's third cousin . however the the district attorney 's office filed a response arguing that the da , thomas quinn , has excused himself from any involvement in the case . scroll down for video . ' bewildered ' : michelle carter , 18 , seen here in court in new bedford , massachusetts , on thursday , is said to be confused at being charged with involuntary manslaughter over the suicide of her friend , conrad roy ii , 18 , according to her lawyers , who claim she was attempting to help roy . hearing : carter 's lawyers are trying to have her case moved out of bristol county , saying it 's ' impossible ' for her to receive a fair trial in the area because the district attorney is the victim 's third cousin . pretrial : michelle carter appears for a hearing in court with her attorneys cory madera ( left ) and joseph cataldo on thursday in new bedford , massachusetts . honor student : carter was charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of conrad roy iii last july . supportive : parent 's gail and david carter have insisted their daughter is innocent and had been left overwhelmed by roy 's suicidal talk . ' there 's no suggestion that da quinn and conrad roy iii had ever even met , ' assistant district attorney kattie rayburn said . new bedford juvenile court judge siobhan foley heard the arguments but did not make a decision . authorities claim carter , of plainville , texted with roy minutes before he killed himself in the parking lot of a fairhaven store . police said carter sent him a text saying ' get back in ' when he had second thoughts . carter 's lawyer says no crime was committed . attorney joseph cataldo said outside juvenile court that they will prove carter was actually trying to help roy . ' taking all the texts in context , she tried to talk him out of it , ' cataldo said , the sun chronicle reported . ' he caused his own death . ' she does n't understand why she is being prosecuted . ' roy had previously tried to commit suicide over a year earlier and was battling depression . video courtesy of wpri . accused : michelle carter ( left ) allegedly knew that her friend conrad roy iii ( right ) was suicidal but rather than seeking help , she encouraged him to take his life in the minutes before he died last july . last month it was reported that carter told a friend : ' he got out of the car , and i told him to get back in ... because i knew he would do it all over again the next day ' , according topeople . the magazine reported that in the days before roy took his life , carter texted her friends to say he had gone missing and she feared he was going to take his life . but other texts revealed that she was messaging roy the whole time . ' let me know when you 're gon na do it , ' one of her messages allegedly read . ' it is believed that carter acted in this way because she was planning to continue to encourage conrad to take his own life , ' police said , people reported . ' so as a result she was beginning to put together a plan to get sympathy from her friends , which was evident because at this point she already started explaining that it 's her fault that conrad is dead , even though he was still alive and speaking and texting with her regularly . ' police and prosecutors say the pair exchanged more than 1,000 text messages in the days leading up to his death in the parking lot of a fairhaven kmart on july 13 , 2014 . before his suicide , conrad told her he was scared and not ready to leave his family , according to a police report , but ' she continued to encourage him to take his own life ' , the sun chronicle reported . ' when he actually started to carry out the act , he got scared again and exited his truck , but instead of telling him to stay out of the truck ... carter told him to ' get back in ' , ' the police report said . tribute : in the hours after he was found dead , carter shared this message to her twitter page . ' duplicitous ' : three days after she allegedly encouraged him to take his life , she questioned why he had died . before she was arraigned earlier this year , carter shared this image of conrad , adding : ' really missing you tonight ' . she is free on bail but has been ordered not to touch her social media pages or text . his body was found in the truck after his parents reported him missing , and police found the text messages after looking through his phone . carter messaged one of her friends nearly a week later expressing her fears that her messages to roy had been found , people reported . ' i just got off the phone with conrads mom about 20 mins ago and she told me that detectives had to come and go thru his things and stuff , ' she wrote . ' they read my messages with him i 'm done ... his family will hate me and i could go to jail . ' even though carter , who met roy while on a vacation to florida several years earlier , reportedly called herself his ' girlfriend ' , his friends and family said they never knew of the relationship . friend louie pina , 19 , told people of the first time he saw her : ' i did n't even know who she was . she was just like a random face . ' after the death , carter , who attends king philip regional high school , started raising money and awareness for suicide prevention and organized a fundraising softball tournament last september . tragic : roy had struggled with anxiety throughout school , his family said , and canceled plans to go to college . in a description for the event , ' homers for conrad ' , carter wrote : ' life can be tough , but helping others makes it easier . ' she later wrote on twitter that the event had raised $ 2,300 . carter has also repeatedly posted online about how much she misses her friend . ' such a beautiful soul gone too soon , ' she wrote on the day of his death . ' i 'll always remember your bright light and smile . you 'll forever be in my heart , i love you conrad . ' three days later , she added : ' i will never understand why this had to happen . ' her most recent message - written just two days before her indictment - reads : ' enjoy the parade from up there tomorrow conrad , i know you would of loved to be there ♥ really missing you tonight . ' carter , who was 17 at the time of roy 's suicide , was indicted on february 5 and arraigned on an involuntary manslaughter charge the next day in new bedford juvenile court . the high school senior was charged as a youthful offender , which means her case is open and she could face punishment as an adult if convicted . she is free on bail and is due back in court in april . as conditions of her bail , she is not allowed to use the internet or social media and can not text anyone but her parents . her family have insisted that she is innocent and had been left overwhelmed by roy 's suicidal talk . bailed : carter , a high school senior who 's on the honor role , has been charged as a youthful offender , which means her case is open and she could face punishment as an adult if convicted . in a statement earlier this year , they said she ' is not the villain the media is portraying her to be ' . ' she is a quiet , kind , and sympathetic young girl , ' they said . ' she tried immensely to help mr. roy in his battle with depression . we know that once all of the facts are released , our daughter will be found innocent . ' conrad roy had graduated from old rochester regional high school , where he was an all-around athlete who played baseball , rowed crew and ran track , according to an obituary . he had earned his captain 's license from northeast maritime institute and worked for his family 's marine salvage business . but roy 's father told police that his son suffered from anxiety and had struggled to attend school , and that he had got into fitchburg state university but had canceled his plans to go . • for confidential help , call the national suicide prevention lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here . • for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here .