gerard pique is preparing to play his 300th game for barcelona against paris saint-germain , and spanish media have celebrated the spain defender beforehand . the 28-year-old joined barca in 2008 from manchester united and mundo deportivo have dedicated their front page to the spaniard , with the headline : ' the pique spirit . ' pique is poised to star for barcelona in their champions league quarter-final match with psg in the french capital on wednesday night . gerard pique is preparing to play his 300th game for barcelona against paris saint-germain . asked whether he remembers the moment he became a barcelona supporter , pique told uefa : ' i do n't think it 's a moment , it 's a process . ' you go to the stadium to watch matches with your family , your dad or grandad take you to games every weekend and slowly you start falling in love with the club and its history . ' then , when i was seven or eight and started playing for the youth team , that 's when the baraa colours began to really mean something special to me . ' pique has faced the greatest players in the world during his time at the nou camp , but ranks didier drogba , lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo as the three best he has came up against . pique trains with lionel messi ( right ) ahead of their match with psg in the french capital this week . pique is poised to star for barcelona in their champions league quarter-final match with psg . pique , pictured with messi , joined barca in 2008 from manchester united and has made 299 appearances . ' i grew up at la masia , dreaming of playing for the first team one day so you can only imagine what it means to wear this shirt 300 times , ' he told mundo deportivo . ' many people have been fortunate to enjoy it . and all the titles we won are very special . both barca and i have had the honour of reaching the final stages of major competitions , meeting the best teams and best players . ' there have been many but i would highlight , drogba , cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi every day in training ! '