a celebrated texas-born hunter was crushed to death by a baby elephant in zimbabwe as he tried to measure its ivory tusks for an american client . ian gibson , 55 , was a lauded figure among u.s. safari enthusiasts , who would commission him to slaughter prized animals near his home in south africa . on wednesday , he was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant in zimbabwe 's zambezi valley when the animal charged , and knelt on gibson until he died . crushed to death : ian gibson , 55 , was killed by a young bull elephant while measuring its ivory for a u.s. client . his american client , who was also present , has not been identified . the dallas safari club is paying for gibson 's funeral . despite only having one leg , gibson was described by fans as ' fit and strong ' . according to a statement from safari classics , posted on africahunting.com , the group had stopped for a rest when the animal approached their group . gibson and his tracker approached to assess its ivory . ' at very close range , ian was able to get off one shot before the bull killed him . the scene was very graphic , ' the statement read . twitter users were widely pitiless , with hundreds of animal rights supporters commenting that he ' got what he deserved ' . lauded figure : gibson , who lived in south africa , was a popular figure in the u.s. safari enthusiast community . backlash : twitter users have been widely unsympathetic to gibson 's death in zimbabwe on wednesday . tributes posted on the hunting forum slammed unsympathetic reactions to gibson 's death , describing the big game hunter as a ' magnificent wildlife photographer and conservationist . ' according to friends , he fired one shot at the young bull elephant , who was going through ' musth ' - a period of high testosterone . the animal then charged . gibson 's trackers wrote on africahunting.com : ' we know ' gibbo ' shot it once , from about 10 yards away , with a 458 [ rifle ] . ' he would never have fired unless he had no alternative . he was a hunter , yes , but he was also a magnificent wildlife photographer and conservationist . prized : ivory tusks are some of the most prized treasures hunters can get , enraging animal rights supporters . ' he was so experienced and this is a most unexpected tragedy . ' the news has come a month after a study was released warning that ivory hunting is continuing to diminish the elephant population in africa . a report by the convention on international trade in endangered species , which is known as cites and regulates wildlife trade , said poaching rates of elephants in areas that are being monitored still exceed their natural birth rates . conservationists say tens of thousands of elephants have been killed in africa in recent years as demand for ivory in asia , particularly china , increases . past estimates of africa 's elephant population have ranged from 420,000 to 650,000 . prince william is one of the world 's most prominent voices in defense of elephants against ivory hunters . 