three children have died as one remains in a serious condition after a car crashed into a lake outside of melbourne this afternoon . the 4wd , containing four children and an adult , crashed into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne 's outer west , just before 4pm . police believe that all children are under the age of six . according to nine news reports , one child who died in hospital was aged seven . another child , who died en route to the royal children 's hospital , was aged one and a half . the first child who was pronounced dead at the scene was aged under seven . the relation between the female driver and the four children are not yet known but the woman is currently under police guard in hospital . scroll down for video . a 4wd containing four children and an adult has crashed into a lake at wyndham vale , in melbourne 's outer west . paramedics work on two of the victims of the crash on wednesday afternoon . police later confirmed three of the four children died . the search and rescue team is at the scene to pull the car from the water , which is reportedly about 20 to 30 metres from shore . locals are shocked as to how the car was able to get into the centre of the lake as it is ' pretty far from the road ' . the fourth child was flown by air ambulance to the royal children 's hospital and remains in a serious condition . the driver was transported via road ambulance to the royal melbourne hospital , according to a victoria ambulance spokesperson , and she remains in a stable condition . a police spokeswoman told daily mail australia that officers are yet to interview the woman . ' police do not believe anyone is still in the lake , ' a statement from victoria police said . ' at this stage the exact circumstances of how the car went into the lake are yet to be determined . ' superintendent stuart bateson told the herald sun that the search and rescue team is at the scene to pull the car from the water , which is reportedly about 20 to 30 metres from shore . he said further tests will be done in order to determine whether the car had any mechanical defects . victoria police said that the exact circumstances of how the car went into the lake are yet to be determined . a resident named michelle told 3aw that her neighbour broke open the back windscreen of the 4wd to save the children . a victoria ambulance spokesperson said the children were being taken to the royal children 's hospital via air ambulance . a resident named michelle told 3aw that her neighbour broke open the back windscreen of the 4wd to save the children . ' travis jumped into the water , smashed the back screen of the car and got one little boy out , ' she said . ' then they started working on him . ' michelle also told the radio station the vehicle was driving along manor lakes boulevard and ' just went straight over into the lake ' . another resident , stacie buckley , told the herald sun she was in complete shock over the incident . ' you would never think something like this would happen in that particular spot . the ponds are pretty far back from the road . it’s just completely shocking , ' she said . a local told the age that ' you 'd need considerable force to get the car all the way to the centre of the lake ' . witnesses or anyone with further information about the incident should contact crime stoppers on 1800 333 000 . further tests will be conducted in order to determine whether the car had any mechanical defects . the relation between the female driver and the four children are not yet known but the woman is currently under police guard in hospital .