puppies spend their time discovering the world with more enthusiasm than any human could muster . and an english bulldog named hazel is no exception to this rule , as demonstrated in her attempts to get the better of a washing basket . filmed in a front room , the video begins erratically with the dog flying through the air and jumping onto the basket , which sits on its side . the video begins with the dog rather erratically jumping onto the basket and forcing in onto its base . with its weight the dog forces the basket over onto its base and lands inside it , before quickly running around in a circle . pausing to look at the camera from within the basket , hazel rather foolishly leans up against the side of it . and suddenly her weight causes the basket to fall onto its side and send her and some clothes sprawling onto the floor . the bulldog puppy named hazel stands inside the basket and rather foolishly leans up against the side of it . suddenly the basket falls onto its side sending a surprised hazel sprawling onto the floor with some clothes . hazel looks shocked as she struggles to stop herself rolling over entirely , and attempts to get her footing . the dog then sits casually next to the basket as if nothing happened before jumping to her feet and taking a bite out of the rim of it . forcing it back on to its base , the puppy once again lands inside of it and looks at the camera while continuing to chew . the puppy begins chewing the sides of the basket while looking up at the video maker . like butter would n't melt ! the video concludes with the puppy staring at the video maker after chewing the basket . the video concludes with the dog staring at the video maker looking like butter wouldn’t melt . hazel the bulldog is featured in a number of videos , which her owner uploads to her youtube channel and instagram page . in them hazel is filmed discovering the world by doing such things as play on a skateboard , look at her reflection in a mirror for the first time and try out a collar . hazel the bulldog is featured in a number of videos uploaded to both youtube and instagram .