mystery surrounds the sensational cctv footage showing the gem thieves in the middle of their audacious £60million heist after it was suggested that the police had missed this crucial evidence . the daily mirror published sensational pictures of the hatton garden raiders 21 hours before scotland yard released them in a bid to appeal for information about identities of the thieves . the tabloid claims it handed the images to police , who were ' delighted ' , according to a report today in its sister title the sunday mirror , with an apparent source saying it ' blows the case wide open ' . but yesterday afternoon detectives insisted they already had the cctv footage , which they claim was recovered ' at the earliest opportunity ' . pictured : the met has released images of three of the gang which broke into hatton garden over the easter weekend - but has only done so after the shots were revealed by the daily mirror . audacious : exactly why the police did not release the images beforehand is unclear - especially as the tabloid 's sister paper the sunday mirror claims they are the key to ' cracking the case wide open ' . this is in stark contrast with the response given to mailonline hours before , when police refused to say whether they had the footage . the met finally released the pictures late on saturday afternoon , while the mirror could sell the images to a number of other national titles , including this website . up until that point , no other newspaper was able to help the police trace the culprits of what could be the biggest ever robbery in britain . it raises questions about why the police chose to keep them to themselves - or whether they even had the footage . speaking to radio 4 's today programme this morning , former flying squad chief john o'connor said : ' i 've never heard of anything like this . ' i 'm not blaming the mirror , but i am pointing some quite accusing fingers at the police for not finding it themselves . ' questions : former flying squad chief john o'connor said he had ' never heard of anything like ' a newspaper getting such crucial footage before the police got their hands on it - although police now say they had it . it is likely to put further pressure on an investigation which has already been accused of a number of failings . owners of the security deposit boxes are continuing to demand answers on why police failed to respond to the alarm when it first went off over the long weekend . and now the mailonline has revealed some have resorted to bribing security guards , as they desperately try to find out information about what has been lost . the gang is thought to have hidden in an office before abseiling down a lift shaft and drilling into a vault . the cctv will have gone some way to answering questions for those who lost thousands of pounds in the theft . it reveals how the raiders entered the building by a side door on thursday evening , minutes after staff left the premises . they then entered the basement through the lift shaft , and broke through the shutters before spending hours in the vault - emerging the next morning carrying the gems out the building in a wheelie bin . they then returned on saturday night , apparently repeating the process throughout the night , leaving early on the morning of easter sunday . the burglary was discovered on tuesday morning . police have now said 72 out of the vaults 999 boxes were opened .  