roaming . the word suggests travelling with a worry-free , devil-may-care attitude . but in the world of mobile phones , where roaming means using your device abroad , that approach is unwise . making calls , downloading emails and browsing the internet when in another country can result in very large bills . so how can you keep roaming costs down ? the best option is to be with mobile operator three . its customers can call and text uk numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost to their uk price plans . three is the only operator to offer this arrangement , which it calls feel at home . three 's feel at home covers 18 destinations in europe , australia , the united states , asia and the middle east . in september 2013 , when three introduced feel at home , it covered seven destinations . i said then that to be a game-changer it needed to expand the service to more countries – and it has . with spain and new zealand added earlier this month , it now applies in 18 countries . in europe , the deal also covers france , italy , austria , switzerland , ireland , denmark , norway , sweden and finland . elsewhere , it covers australia , the united states , hong kong , macau , indonesia , sri lanka and israel . given that spain , france , italy and the us are among the most popular destinations for britons , three claims that about two-thirds of its customers’ overseas trips are now covered by feel at home . a word of warning . three publicises feel at home by saying that it enables you to ‘ use your phone abroad at no extra cost’ . but to call or text non-uk numbers – imagine you are in spain and you phone a restaurant in barcelona – you will be charged extra , at roaming rates . however , these are much lower than other operators’ standard rates in some countries – for example , 15.6p per minute to call local numbers in the us , australia and new zealand . there are some other caveats , too – one being you can’t ‘tether’ ( use your phone to connect another device to the internet ) . check all details on three.co.uk/feelathome . nonetheless , if you’re travelling to a feel at home country , using three is the most preferable option . when travelling , operators’ bundles/ add-ons usually offer better value than their standard rates . take roaming in new zealand . on their standard rates for pay-monthly customers , rival operators charge up to £1.50 a minute for making and receiving calls , 35p to 50p for sending a text , and up to £8 per megabyte of data usage . in eu countries , roaming charges are much lower as they are capped . on operators’ standard rates , you’ll pay about 18p or 19p per minute to make a call , 5p per minute to receive a call , 5p to 6p to send a text and 20p per megabyte of data . if you’re not with three and are heading to a feel at home destination , operators’ bundles/ add-ons usually offer better value than their standard rates – though it depends on your usage levels . to give one example , vodafone lets you use your uk’s plan allowance for calls , texts and data for £3 a day in europe , and £5 a day in some countries further afield . however , you will need to actively sign up to get this deal . if you have an unlocked handset , you might consider investing in a local , country-specific sim card : see 0044.co.uk , uk2abroad.com or dataroam.co.uk for details . otherwise , stick to using free wi-fi in , for example , hotels and cafes , which will also enable you to chat for free if you have a skype or viber account . stick to using free wi-fi in , for example , hotels and cafes , which will enable you to chat for free if you have skype . 