corporal christian walmsley was found dead in his flat in bolton after struggling with post-traumatic stress disorder following tours of duty abroad . a soldier who suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder after a series of tours abroad wrote suicide notes before taking a fatal overdose , an inquest has heard . corporal christian walmsley was found dead in his flat in bolton , greater manchester wearing five war medals after struggling to adapt to civilian life , a coroner was told . the father-of-three had served in the first gulf war , bosnia , angola and northern ireland in the royal engineers from 1989 until 2000 . the 42-year-old had witnessed the ' significant violence only soldiers experience ' , the hearing at bolton coroners court was told . after retiring from the army , he was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder ( ptsd ) , depression and fibromyalgia , a chronic condition causing deep muscle pain . his family members told the court that cpl walmsley 's two marriages had ended divorce . he had spent some time in germany over the last decade before returning to the uk to rebuild relationships with his family , relatives said . stepfather michael richards told the hearing : ' he 'd always been such a fit lad . but when he came back he had to use a stick because he was so fatigued . ' mr richards said his stepson had questioned the support given to former servicemen and women . the inquest heard he had previously taken an overdose and told his family he had tried to take his own life . but he discharged himself from the hospital before he had a mental health assessment . in the weeks leading up to his death , his family said cpl walmsley had seemed optimistic . yet on november 4 last year , he had appeared distressed to friends and sent text messages to his mother telling her he was in pain . he was discovered dead on november 6 . police officers found a notebook with several suicide notes inside , the hearing was told . cpl walmsley was among british troops in the first gulf war ( pictured in file photo ) , as well touring bosnia . the coroner ruled that , without dates on the notes , he could not be certain cpl walmsley had attempted suicide . recording misadventure as a verdict , coroner alan walsh said : ' during his service he would have experienced things only soldiers go through . ' i hope his children are reminded of the bravery he showed in serving his country . ' on ptsd among soldiers , the coroner added : ' i do believe it is important that we acknowledge the stress the disorder causes and the total change it causes to someone 's life . those who do serve in the armed forces witness experiences beyond their imagination . ' for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here .