joy behar and kelly ripa shared their grief on monday over the tragic death of cosmetic surgeon dr fredric brandt who hanged himself at his miami mansion . the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt 's death on sunday was a suicide by hanging . an autopsy was scheduled on monday , the coroner confirmed . comedian and former the view star , joy behar , tweeted on monday : ' dr brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people i have had the good fortune to meet & work with . he will be sorely missed . ' morning show host , kelly ripa , posted : ' my heart is breaking for the loss of dr. fredric brandt . my friend . you will be missed forever and in my heart even longer . ' miami herald columnist , lesley abravanel had said brandt , 65 , had been ' devastated ' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the netflix show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt . scroll down for videos . dr fredric brandt was remembered by morning show host kelly ripa ( left with the surgeon in 2011 ) and joy behar ( right in 2011 ) on monday following his tragic suicide at his miami home on sunday . dr fredric brandt ( left ) has a resemblance to dr franff ( right ) , a character on tina fey 's netflix show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt . he was reportedly ' devastated ' by the portrayal . columnist lesley abravanel told daily mail online exclusively that sources close to dr brandt said he had hanged himself at his home . dr brandt was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry and worked with ms ripa along with a host of other stars including madonna and stephanie seymour . his colleague , dr robert anolik , who worked with brandt at his practice , posted a moving tribute on monday . the acclaimed dermatologist wrote : ' dr . fredric brandt died yesterday . for nearly 5 years , fred and i worked side by side . he was far more than a colleague to me . he was a close friend . i will miss him every day . ' ripa 's husband , actor mark consuelos , retweeted choreographer isaac calpito 's post , which read : ' devastated over the loss of our dear friend @ drfredricbrandt . you are missed . you are loved . the world has lost one of its kindest souls . ' ms abravanel , a miami herald columnist , posted a series of tweets on sunday claiming that he had been ' devastated ' by unflattering comparisons to dr franff on the unbreakable kimmy schmidt , according to sources close to the doctor . the doctor 's longtime publicist jacquie tractenberg told the new york post on monday : ' the show definitely deeply hurt him , he was being made fun of because of the way he looks . ' it is mean , and it was bullying . but the show was not the reason for his depression , and it was not the reason he would take his own life . ' the tractenberg & co pr agency did not immediately respond to a request for comment from daily mail online . morning show host , kelly ripa , posted : ' my heart is breaking for the loss of dr. fredric brandt . my friend . you will be missed forever and in my heart even longer ' . behar tweeted on monday : ' dr brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people i have had the good fortune to meet & work with . he will be sorely missed ' . the doctor was found dead at his coconut grove mansion in miami by his housekeeper where he lived alone . she called 911 at 9.17am , according to a police statement . the miami-dade county medical examiner department confirmed that an autopsy will be conducted on monday . the new york post also wrote a column last month comparing the real-life doctor to the fictional doctor on tina fey 's hit comedy . ' sources : dr fredric brandt was `` devastated '' over comparisons to the protagonist on tina fey’s new netflix show , “ unbreakable kimmy schmidt '' , ' abravanel tweeted . dr franff only appears in one episode , titled ' kimmy goes to the doctor ! ' , of the first season . the character shares dr brandt’s smooth skin , platinum blond hair and enthusiasm for plastic surgery , but his door sign claims he’s a ‘ board certified d , ds , ddsobgyn’ , rather than a cosmetic dermatologist . dr brandt 's colleague , dr robert anolik ( pictured right with brandt in june 2014 ) posted a moving tribute on monday saying that he had lost a ' close friend ' . the dermatologist posted a tribute to his colleague of five years after dr brandt 's tragic suicide on sunday . dr anolik taking part in a radio show on siriusxm radio with dr brandt and colleague dr jeremy green . the dr franff character is depicted on the netflix show with a high-pitched laugh and unable to speak certain words due to his plastic surgery . he is also seen drinking from a surgical bag and reinflates his own face after being punched . netflix had no comment when contacted by daily mail online . dr brandt was famed for his appearance , which displayed many of his dermatology techniques . in a 2014 profile in the new york times , he said that his goal was to ' restore the face to harmony ' . ' i approach each face with a visual perception , an artistic perception and a medical perception , ' he said . the article , which described the doctor as an ' unnervingly ageless-looking personage ' , said that he was sought out by the rich and famous for his signature y lifts , where fillers are injected below the cheekbones . dr brandt , a cosmetic dermatologist and well-known art collector pictured in front of a piece from his collection at his apartment in new york city on march 7 , 2014 . dr fredric brandt was last pictured on november 17 , 2014 alongside life coach tony robbins and wife sage robbins ( right ) at a magazine party in new york city . the cosmetic surgeon , pictured left , with hugh jackman 's wife , deborra-lee furness , gallery owner lisa fox and sting 's wife trudie styler at a donna karan party in february last year . it was also widely known that dr brandt injected products including botox , restylane , perlane , juvéderm , voluma , the times reported , into his own face , erasing his wrinkles , leaving him with full lips and an ageless quality . the doctor told the times that people often asked him if he was from sweden . representatives for dr brandt and fey did not immediately return requests for comment from daily mail online . dr brandt grew up in weequahic section of newark , new jersey where his parents ran a candy store . his father died when he was a teenager and he lost his mother before he graduated from rutgers university in 1971 . he went on to attend hahnemann medical college in philadelphia . he completed residencies at nyu 's department of internal medicine and then in dermatology at the university of miami . he set up a practice in coral cables , miami in 1982 and began part-time work in new york in 1998 but quickly expanded to become one of the most in-demand cosmetic appointments . he would sometimes see around 30 patients a day at his midtown manhattan offices , which is filled with expensive art works , for appointments costing thousands of dollars . the 65-year-old was considered as the number one injector of botox and restylane filler in the world . dr fredric brandt 's practice was closed on monday and tuesday in miami , florida following his tragic death . dr brandt had famed practices ( pictured ) in miami and manhattan . in a 2014 profile , he said that his goal was to ' restore the face to harmony ' . though abravanel suggests that dr franff is a protagonist on the show , martin short 's character only appeared in one episode of the first season . security was tight in the gated entrance to dr brandt 's miami home on sunday . his publicist declined to comment on the circumstances or cause of death . the doctor was regarded by his peers as a pioneer in the field and often gave lectures on the use of products . dr brandt also has a range of high-end dermatological products . a 1.35 oz ' do not age with dr. brandt ' transforming pearl serum costs $ 150 . he wrote two books about his work , '10 minutes/10 years : your definitive guide to a beautiful and youthful appearance ' and 'age-less : the definitive guide to botox , collagen , lasers , peels , and other solutions for flawless skin ' . along with his miami mansion , dr brandt had a luxury apartment on the west side of manhattan with sweeping views of the hudson river and filled with the esteemed art collection . tributes poured in for dr brandt following the news of shocking death . tv presenter and beauty editor nadine baggott wrote : ' rip frederic brandt - i loved every fascinating minute spent interviewing him . ' @ idrisjoel postd on twitter : # rip to one of the kindest and most brilliant physician i 've ever met , dr frederic shelton brandt . ' tv host jeannette kaplun ‏wrote : ' so sad that the world has lost a wonderful , kind and brilliant human being , dr. frederic brandt ' . abravanel said that sources told her dr brandt was ' devastated ' over comparisons to the enthusiastic doctor on unbreakable kimmy schmidt . the plastic surgeon , dr franff , in the netflix comedy , is played by comedy veteran martin short and had drawn unflattering comparisons to real-life dr brandt . in one scene , where the lead character kimmy almost gets plastic surgery , the doctor is seen drinking from a hamster feeder . martin short had a small role as dr franff in one episode of the tv show 's first season . when he is punched by the main character , kimmy , as she struggles to escape the plastic surgeon 's chair , his face dents like putty - which he then inflates with an air tube . dr franff appears in episode four of the first and only season of unbreakable kimmy schmidt . he 's a botox-loving plastic surgeon played by martin short . the show follows a kimmy ( ellie kemper ) , who was rescued from an underground bunker after years of being held hostage by a cult leader . she then is hired to be a nanny for the step-children of socialite jacqueline ( jane krakowski ) . in the fourth episode of the show , jacqueline visits dr franff to discuss a ' foot lift ' of sorts because she believes that ' feet are the new butts ' . in the fourth episode of the netflix show 's first and only season , dr franff makes a short appearance as a cosmetic doctor who consults with kimmy ( ellie kemper ) and jacqueline ( jane krakowski , pictured ) . dr franff 's almost-overly smooth skin and platinum blond hair share a resemblance with that of dr fredric brandt , who is known for being the cosmetic dermatologist of stars including madonna and stephanie seymour . franff is portrayed as a deranged doctor , whose face is so frozen from plastic surgery and other procedures that he even has trouble forming words at times . in the episode , he cheerily suggests several barbaric-sounding surgeries for jacqueline , as well as on kimmy .