 tens of millions of people in china marked the annual ' tomb sweeping festival ' this weekend by travelling home to their ancestral villages . families across the country descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones , burning fake paper money and leaving their favourite food and drink to ensure they are not poor or hungry in the afterlife . as part of the qingming festival – which means ' pure brightness ' – china celebrates the coming spring and the beauty of nature , says people’s daily online . a grand and colourful ceremony was held in honour of the ' yellow emperor ' huangdi in huangling county , shaanxi province . huangdi is considered the ancestor of the qingming festival which sees the chinese mark the start of spring with outdoor celebrations . lines of dancers take to the stage as part of the celebration , which was watched by thousands of people during the public holiday . around 1.3 billion chinese people marked the qingming festival , a three-day holiday in china , by watching parades and travelling home . traditional chinese dancers wear intricate gowns as they swirl and dance in the sunshine during the celebrations in the city of huangi . an actor dressed as a soldier takes a break from the celebration to check his phone . in shaanxi province , a huge outdoor celebration was held as part of the qingming festival and in honour of the ' yellow emperor ' huang di , considered the founding father of the chinese nation . a bell was rung from the top of the city 's temple , while the drums were struck 34 times , one for each of china 's provinces including hong kong , macao , and taiwan . the festival falls in the first week of april every year , and is one of the 24 chinese solar terms - the date from which temperatures rise , rainfall increases and marks an important time for the land to be prepared for the sowing of seeds . hundreds of visitors filmed the celebrations on their smart phones , as a colourful inflatable dragon dances in the sky . it is said that the yellow emperor huang di did not die , but instead ascended into heaven on the back of a dragon - making the creature a chinese symbol . participants carry platters of fruit as part of the ceremony in the central china , which had hundreds of dancers and performers . huangdi , the yellow emperor , is a legendary chinese sovereign in the culture , a powerful symbol of the qing dynasty that ruled 1644-1912 . a young performer casts a smile on a guard , as she fixed her hair during the qingming festival celebrations . dancers make offerings to the water in a service at the duijang dam for qingming - praying for favourable weather for their crops . opinion on the origins of the festival differ , but it can be traced back to the tang dynasty which ruled china between 618 and 907 . while millions of chinese people made the trip to their ancestral villages , opportunistic traders took advantage of some people 's inability to make the visit - advertising ' tomb sweeping packages ' which include weeping , praying and cleaning . depending on the package , costing between 100 yuan and 1,300 yuan , the buyer receives a commemorative photo of the occasion . a record-breaking 36.5 million passenger trips were made over the weekend and public holiday - up 5.8 per cent on last year and an all-time high . the rise is partially due to the construction of new railways in recent years , particularly high-speed railway , say commentators . a couple pray as they burn paper money during qingming . the traditional practice is to ensure the dead are comfortable in the afterlife . a puff of smoke floats above the tomb as a woman burns paper money for her ancestor , while cleaning around the grave in shanghai . more than a billion chinese people went back to their ancestral villages to visit and tidy the graves of their ancestors for the public holiday . primary school students in red army uniforms clean tombs at a martyrs ' cemetery ahead of the qingming festival in yecheng , xinjang . survivors and victims of the nanjing massacre carry flowers and mourn the deceased as part of 'tomb-sweeping day ' in china . the young children stand to attention and pay their respects to the deceased in the martyrs ' cemetery in yecheng .