clint hill reckons the pressure is on qpr 's relegation rivals and insists rangers can survive if they keep their cool . chris ramsey 's side are still in the relegation zone but the defender believes other teams will be worried about them . hill scored his first barclays premier league goal in tuesday 's 3-3 draw at aston villa , a result which denied qpr the chance to climb out of the bottom three . clint hill celebrates after scoring qpr 's second goal in tuesday night 's thrilling 3-3 draw at aston villa . hill 's header levelled the scores at 2-2 on tuesday . qpr would lead again before being pegged back . rangers remain two points adrift of safety in the premier league table . they are third bottom , two points from safety , after christian benteke 's hat-trick rescued villa but , following saturday 's 4-1 win at west brom and a point on tuesday , hill is confident about their survival chances . ' we have dragged teams in to it now , villa probably thought they could win the game and pretty much put themselves safe , ' he said , ahead of sunday 's visit of chelsea . ' but we 've brought another team into it and the pressure goes onto the next game . it 's about the team and players who hold their head and keep calm who will prevail and stay in this league . ' the positive is we have four points from difficult travels and we 're right in the battle now so we 're looking forward to the next game . ' matt phillips opened the scoring , although benteke struck twice in the first half to give villa the lead . hill challenges for the ball with villa 's leandro bacuna during the topsy-turvy match at villa park . christian benteke scored a hat-trick to keep villa above water in the relegation struggle . the remaining fixtures of the bottom six teams in the premier league . hill made it 2-2 before charlie austin put rangers 3-2 up with 12 minutes left but benteke completed his treble with a 25-yard free kick five minutes later . ' i 'm glad i 've got the goal because it 's been bugging me for a number of years , i 'm 37-years-old and you do n't think you 'll get to play another premier league game , ' hill told the club 's official site . ' i 'm glad that 's off my back and i 'm glad i played my part . ' it was a hell of a game to watch i suppose but we were disappointed in the first half , i do n't think we really imposed ourselves . ' to go in 2-1 behind we could have kept our heads down and sunk , but we showed a lot of character and going 3-2 up you think you 've got the precious three points in the bag but they scored a fantastic free kick in the end . ' charlie austin struck to put queens park rangers 3-2 ahead but they were unable to hang on . matt phillips celebrates with joey barton after scoring qpr 's first goal on seven minutes . qpr manager chris ramsey congratulates his players on the pitch after the final whistle . like ramsey , aston villa manager tim sherwood ran the full gamut of emotions during the match . villa are 16th , three points above the relegation zone after missing the chance to put themselves further clear . they go to tottenham on saturday - boss tim sherwood 's first return to white hart lane since he left as head coach last summer . but sherwood dismissed any added pressure after failing to beat rangers and insisted he is not giving much thought to his spurs comeback . he said : ' there 's always pressure on all the games you 're going to play and who 's to say we ca n't go to into those games and win ? ' i do n't think we 're cut out to dig out results , we ca n't do what qpr did . we 're going to play on the front foot . ' tottenham is the next game , it 's a great stadium , they have been very good to me but my focus is on aston villa now . i 'll only enjoy it if we come away with three points . ' 