a pensioner is living in fear after his jack russell saved him from a badger the size of a large pig with six-inch teeth . shocked terry cooper , 79 , was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog sam when the huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs . mr cooper , from curry rivel , somerset said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there . scroll down for video . shocked : pensioner terry cooper said the huge badger burst through a hedge with two cubs ( stock image ) . mr cooper spotted the huge badger while sitting in his garden in the sunshine with his jack russell sam . the retired charity worker said : ' i 've got a little jack russell and i took him out just after tea at 5pm . ' suddenly there was a badger and two little'uns in my garden . ' he was the size of a pig , with teeth about six inches long . they were as long as a lemonade bottle is wide . ' ' my dog turned me round and quickly pulled me in , ' mr cooper added . ' the badger did n't attack me , so i did n't seek medical attention , but i was left badly shaken . ' if i had n't have had my dog there , the badger could have had me . ' following the scare , the national farmers ' union has issued advice for residents on protecting their property from invading badgers ( stock photo ) . he has covered the gap in his hedge with two pieces of metal and a bag of compost . following the scare , the national farmers ' union has issued advice for residents on protecting their property from invading badgers . alex stevens , south west regional policy advisor , said : ' badgers are protected by law and people should n't be interfering with badgers or setts . ' this incident is really unusual and surprising , given the time at which it happened . but badgers are pretty headstrong . i suspect he was searching for an easy source of food . ' badgers can squeeze through any gaps in fences or hedges which are bigger than 7.5 centimetres . so if you have fencing with the slats spaced more narrowly , that will help . ' even better , people can protect their property through badger-proof fencing . this goes a foot or two into the ground so that badgers can not tunnel underneath it . ' people should also keep the lids on their bins , and if they have a dog or a cat , do n't leave their food or water bowls out in the open . ' if you do have to make contact with a badger , be sure to wash your hands afterwards . '