uber driver emerson decarvalho allegedly ran down a cyclist after a confrontation in the street . an uber driver in san francisco has been charged with assault after ramming into a cyclist who was shouting at him , leaving the biker with several broken bones , police and media reported . the incident occurred in the busy fisherman 's wharf area of san francisco when the cyclist rode up to the vehicle , yelled at the driver , banged on his window and pushed in his mirror , police spokesman carlos manfredi told afp . ' during the exchange the cyclist sped up and the vehicle also sped up , striking the back of the bike , ' manfredi said . ' the cyclist sustained a punctured lung , broken ribs and a broken clavicle , ' he added . the driver , emerson decarvalho , 38 , stayed at the scene of the crash and was charged with assault with a deadly weapon after the incident , which took place sunday afternoon . he was also charged with failing to maintain a three-foot ( one meter ) space between his car and the cyclist . uber offered to help in the investigation of the incident . ' our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible incident . we are gathering more information , have reached out to the san francisco police department and will assist their investigation however we can , ' said uber spokeswoman kate downen . uber said there was no passenger in the vehicle at the time . the san francisco chronicle newspaper said the cyclist was knocked unconscious and taken to hospital . police said it was not clear what provoked the confrontation and said decarvalho remained in custody . the crash occurred in san francisco 's famous fishermans warf area . manfredi said the altercation took place in one of san francisco 's busiest neighborhoods . ' the location where it occurred is a highly dense area where people go out and a lot of tourists were out and about , ' he said . uber drivers must be 18 years old to join the service must agree to the company 's terms and conditions , including agreeing to ' comply with all applicable laws when using the services . ' the san francisco company also requires that drivers do not 'cause nuisance , annoyance , inconvenience , or property damage . ' about one million uber trips are carried out daily in 295 cities in 55 countries . the company announced a worldwide code of conduct this year after an uber driver was charged with rape in india in december . an uber driver was arrested in denver this month after he tried to rob the home of a customer he had dropped off at the airport .  