a young star wars fan , who wrote a heartwarming note to the movies’ creator george lucas asking whether he would allow jedi knights to marry in the future , was elated to receive a reply granting his request . seven-year-old colin gilpatric , an aspiring jedi knight , was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry , as forming emotional attachments is said by the rules of the fictional order to lead jedis to the ' dark side ' . desperate for a solution , colin , who has autism , went directly to the man in charge : star wars director and writer mr lucas . plea by post : seven-year-old aspiring jedi colin sent a letter to george lucas asking him to change the rule that bans the knights from marrying . as character anakin skywalker 's marriage to princess amidala led him to become a villain - and lord of the malevolent sith order , darth vader - colin wanted to avoid the same fate , and pleaded with the star wars creator to make a change to the rules . ' with colin , he was obsessing about it , ' colin 's mother peggy gilpatric told inside edition : ' finally , i was like , you know what , write to george lucas and tell him how you feel and that 's all that you can do . ' ' dear george lucas , ' colin wrote in his letter . ' i do n't like that a jedi can not get married . i want to get married without becoming a sith . please change the rule . 'p.s . i want to come to skywalker ranch please , love colin . ' soon enough , a package from lucasfilm arrived for colin in the mail , and his mother peggy was on hand to film him opening it up . the letter : colin , desperate not to end up like anakin skywalker - aka darth vader - in the film series , made his case to the star wars creator . the big reveal : colin 's mother filmed her son 's ecstatic response as he realizes the package contains a plethora of star wars merchandise . in the video , colin is ecstatic to find a stash of star wars goodies in the bag , including books and toys , accompanied by a letter addressing his question . ' it sounds like the force is strong with you , and you are showing great wisdom by asking your question , ' it said . ' to be a jedi is to truly know the value of friendship , of compassion , and of loyalty , and these are values important in a marriage . the sith think inward , only of themselves . ' when you find someone that you can connect to in a selfless way , then you are on the path of the light , and the dark side will not take hold of you . with this goodness in your heart , you can be married . ' the letter was signed ' your friends at lucasfilm ' . ' the force is strong with me ! ' : colin is elated to have his question answered . quite the response : lucasfilm sent this letter to seven-year-old colin to ease his mind about one day being able to get married . in the video showing colin reading the letter for the first time , the young fan is delighted to say the least , exclaiming : ' i can get married ? no way ! ' according to colin 's mother , the obsession with star wars has been a godsend for her son , who , as a result of his autism , struggles to share his emotions . ' a lot of autistic kids have a hard time understand processing emotions and the entire star wars universe has helped us that way , ' she told inside edition . 'it’s very black and white . there’s a dark side and good side . ' it helped open up a dialogue about it feelings and emotions . there is a conception that some autistic kids don’t have emotions , but they do . it’s just finding the right outlet for them and the right way to express it . '