nearly 500 british holidaymakers were stranded overnight on an impounded cruise ship in lisbon harbour after its owners were served with a summons for an allegedly unpaid debt . the passengers coming towards the end of a 15 night cruise became the unwitting pawns in a legal wrangle between a former crew member and the owners of the mv azores . the ship had been set to leave lisbon at 7pm on tuesday night with its 489 passengers heading back to bristol avonmouth after a round-trip tour that took in la coruna in spain , the azores , and madeira . but that was scuppered when lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an ' unresolved ' and ' historic ' financial wrangle . the harbour master then refused to let the ship leave for bristol . scroll down for video . stranded : 489 british holidaymakers were stuck in lisbon on the mv azores ( file photo ) overnight after its owners were served with a summons for an allegedly unpaid debt . stuck : they were due to leave lisbon for bristol at 7pm on tuesday but lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an ' unresolved ' and ' historic ' financial wrangle . the ship is operated by essex-based cruise & maritime voyages . but the legal dispute was between owners portuscale cruise - from which they were chartering the vessel - and one of that company 's former staff . the uk cruise firm , which had nothing to do with the financial wrangle , eventually came to an arrangement with portugese authorities which allowed the ship to sail - 19 hours late - at 2pm wednesday . it said passengers were kept informed throughout , helped with onward travel arrangements affected by the delay , and given access to a complimentary bar . one stricken passenger sent a text to a relative telling him : ' ca n't believe we 're stuck in lisbon , portugal . ' our ship has been impounded due to an historical incident which basically means an unpaid debt . ' the madeira-registered 16,144-tonne , 525ft-long mv azores was built in 1946 . it has eight passenger decks and room for 550 passengers in its 227 cabins . prices for the cruise range from £779 per person for a standard twin inner-cabin , to £4,159 per person for the owner 's suite with an ocean view . the average price for the majority of cabins is priced at £1,500 per person . cruise & maritime voyages 's commercial director chris coates said : ' the delay of the mv azores overnight in lisbon related to a historic local issue with the vessel 's owning company , portuscale cruises from whom cruise & maritime voyages charter the ship using our own crew . wrangle : the legal dispute was between owners portuscale cruise - from which they were chartering the vessel ( file photo ) - and one of that company 's former staff . going nowhere : the harbour master then refused to let the ship leave the port and passengers eventually arrived back in the uk 19 hours late . ' this dispute involved a previous crewing issue going back to 2014 and was settled first thing this morning . ' but we had to wait for the clearance documentation to be signed off by the local authorities . the ship is now heading en-route back to the uk . ' he added : ' on behalf of cruise & maritime voyages , i would like to extend our sincere apologises for the delay and any disruption caused . ' coates said his company , set up in 2010 , carries more than 100,000 ocean and river cruise passengers a year and had ' never experienced a delay of this nature before ' . luxurious : the average price for the majority of cabins on the mv azores is priced at £1,500 per person . the firm 's online brochure says of the mv azores : ' with her handsome profile and a traditional walk around promenade deck , the 16,144grt portuguese registered azores is a classic beautifully restored ocean going cruise ship carrying just 550 guests and offers a wide selection of very well appointed and comfortable public lounges and cabin accommodation spanning eight passenger decks serviced by two lifts . ' it features a choice of five comfortable lounges and bars including the calypso main show lounge , plus a nightclub , cinema , casino , shopping boutique , photo shop , library , card and bridge room , fitness and health centre with sauna and massage facilities , an unheated outdoor swimming pool and a marbled reception area . most cabins enjoy an ocean view and all the private en-suite cabins have a bath with shower , a hairdryer and personal safe , a tv for movies and news and information channels and a fridge with a mini bar facility .