eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements , a study has claimed . researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise , it didn’t matter what food was eaten . performance remained the same after resting for several hours , while levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were actually slightly higher after fast food was eaten as a recovery food . research led by the university of montana has found that eating fast food ( stock image shown ) after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements . researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise , it didn’t matter what food was eaten . the research , published in the international journal of sport nutrition and exercise metabolism , was led by university of montana graduate student michael cramer . in the study , 11 male athletes were asked to fast for 12 hours , before a 90-minute endurance workout . after this , half were fed hot cakes , hash browns and orange juice , followed by a burger , fries and a coke two hours later . if you fancy a burger , then sprint to the fast-food joint to get it . short bursts of intensive exercise before a high-fat meal can help protect blood vessels from the effects of a poor diet , researchers have found . just eight minutes of high-intensity cycling was found to be more beneficial than going at a moderate pace for 25 minutes - the current recommended level . scientists at the university of exeter say the short burst approach may be more appealing to youngsters - few of whom achieve even the minimum of an hour of moderate exercise a day . the other group were given gatorade , organic peanut butter and cliff shot bloks , followed two hours later by cytomax powder and powerbar products . two hours after the second meal , all participants were then ask to ride 12 miles ( 20km ) on a stationary bike a fast as they good . each meal eaten by the participants was roughly equal in calories , carbohydrates and protein - although the fast food had more sodium and slightly more fat . at various intervals , the researchers took muscule tissue samples and did blood tests , to check glycogen levels . after a week , the participants returned and performed the task again , this time switching their diet to the one they didn’t do last time . the results showed that , when performing the second exercise task , the times were about the same no matter which meal group the participants were in . in the study , 11 male athletes were asked to fast for 12 hours , before a 90-minute endurance workout . they were then given meals of either fast food or supplements . two hours after the second meal , all participants were then ask to ride 12 miles on a stationary bike - and performance for all was the same . also , levels of glycogen across the two groups were almost the same - with the fast food group being slightly higher . no differences in insulin , glucose or cholesterol were found , while neither group reported any serious stomach discomfort . ‘ these data indicate that short-term food options to initiate glycogen resynthesis can include dietary options not typically marketed as sports nutrition products such as fast food menu items , ’ the researchers wrote . however , the researchers said that the experiment included a fairly small sample , and the long-term effects on workout recovery of eating fast food over other , healthier sources of food are not known .