steaming into action , the lovingly restored locomotives of the world’s most popular heritage railway have kicked off their three day spring gala . the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors railway today , hauling passengers between pickering and whitby . in scenes that harked back to a bygone age , the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three-day spring steam gala which saw crowds flock to witness the annual event . scroll down for video . the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors railway today , hauling passengers between pickering and whitby . early this morning a team of firemen , fitters and cleaners lovingly polished the steam trains at grosmount engine shed in preparation . train enthusiasts will be able to make the most of the beautiful moors scenery on board seven preserved engines form the golden age of steam and pistons . star attractions on the first day of the spring steam gala included classic locomotives lner 61994 ‘ the great marquess’ , lms 45407 ‘ the lancashire fusilier’ , lner 60007 ‘ sir nigel gresley’ , and standard class 75029 ‘ the green knight’ . early this morning a team of firemen , fitters and cleaners lovingly polished the steam trains at grosmount engine shed in preparation for their day on the tracks . the event continues throughout the weekend and vistors can also attend the event during 24-26 april . the north yorkshire moors railway was amongst 5,000 miles of track and 2,300 stations closed by dr richard beeching following his report released on march 27 , 1963 . while the railway line was axed during beeching 's brutal cuts 50 year ago but has now survived to become the world 's busiest steam heritage route . in scenes that harked back to a bygone age , the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three-day spring steam gala .  star attractions on the first day of the spring steam gala included classic locomotives lner 61994 ‘ the great marquess’ , lms 45407 ‘ the lancashire fusilier’ , and lner 60007 ‘ sir nigel gresley’ . the spring steam gala will continue tomorrow and sunday and includes model railway layout displays at pickering station . however , it was one of the first to reopen , in 1973 , using old steam locomotives . it is now the most popular heritage route in the world , ferrying passengers between pickering , grosmont and whitby . it carries about 350,000 passengers during the 260 days of the year it is open and employs about 100 full-time , paid staff and hundreds of volunteers . the spring steam gala will continue tomorrow and sunday and includes model railway layout displays at pickering station . classic train-spotters were able to enjoy a few ales and pasties aboard the trains with the return of the pie and pea special special and rail ale service , and all for a good . the north yorkshire moors railway was amongst 5,000 miles of track closed by dr richard beeching following his 1963 report . it carries about 350,000 passengers over 260 days of the year it is open and employs about 100 full-time , paid staff and hundreds of volunteers . 