whatever isaiah jay brown goes on to accomplish in the game , it’s unlikely he’ll ever forget this weekend . on friday , the 18-year-old played an integral part in chelsea’s 4-0 demolition of roma to earn a place in the uefa youth league final . sometime that evening , he heard news that jose mourinho required his services . so back he went to london , sitting amongst the substitutes on the loftus road bench , the no 37 on his back , as the blues took another big step towards the premier league title . two goal hero izzy brown holds aloft the trophy as chelsea win the uefa youth team league . brown was the star of the show in the final , scoring two goals as chelsea defeated shakhtar donetsk 3-2 . goal scorers dominic solanke ( left ) and brown pose with their medals in their mouths after sealing victory . chelsea 's under 19 squad celebrate their european victory after an impressive campaign . the blues defeated teams of the calibre of atletico madrid and roma to reach the final . solanke and brown clutch the trophy after taking the plaudits for netting the goals . chelsea youngster ola aina joins fans for a selfie after the final whistle in switzerland . chelsea : collins ; aina , christensen , clarke-salter , dasilva ; loftus-cheek , colkett ; brown ( c ) , musonda ( abraham 84 ) , boga ( palmer 71 ) ; solanke . substitutes not used : thompson ( gk ) ; tomori , scott , sammutt , sterling . scorers : brown 7 , 55 ; solanke 47 . coach : adi viveash . shakhtar donetsk : kudryk ( c ) ; kyryukhantsev , sahutkin , mayviyenko , hladchenko ; vachiberadze , pikhalonok ; arendaruk ( merkushov 78 ) , zubkov , shtander ( kovalenko 71 ) ; boryachuk . substitutes not used : yefanov ( gk ) ; shevchenko , senytskyy , hlahola , fursov . scorers : christensen own goal 37 ; kovalenko 90+1 . booked : vachiberadze , kovalenko . coach : valeriy kryventsov . referee : serdar gozubuyuk ( holland ) . afterwards , it was back to the airport and back to the shores of lake geneva . and there , on monday afternoon , he pulled on the captain’s armband once more and scored two goals to inspire chelsea’s academy side to european glory . there’s never a frown with izzy brown , it would seem . his excellent individual performance was one of many as the blues dominated shakhtar donetsk to become the second name , after barcelona , to be inscribed on the handsome youth league trophy . the french winger jeremie boga was dangerous throughout and crafted the two goals - one for dominic solanke , the other for brown - early in the second-half that finally rewarded chelsea’s dominance . as for solanke , his place on the scoresheet was just inevitable . the deadly england under 18 striker has made this tournament his own , thriving on the european stage . his 47th-minute goal , a towering header from boga’s perfect , dinked delivery from the left , took his season’s tally to 12 . solanke is , by some distance , the tournament’s top goalscorer and it’s greatest success this year . brown , who was snatched away from west brom 's youtyh system , fired home to give chelsea the lead . brown races off to celebrate his opening strike closely followed by his chelsea team-mates . brown , who was named on the bench for chelsea 's game against qpr on sunday , celebrates his second goal . brown is mobbed on the floor as team-mates rush to congratulate him for his opener . group g . chelsea 4-1 schalke . sporting cp 0-5 chelsea . chelsea 2-0 maribor . maribor 0-7 chelsea . schalke 2-0 chelsea . chlesea 6-0 sporting cp . last 16 : chelsea 3-1 zenit st petersburg . quarter-finals : chelsea 2-0 atletico madrid . semi-finals : chelsea 4-0 roma . final : chelsea 3-2 shakhtar donetsk . indeed , he might have had a hat-trick , somehow failing to connect with a drilled low charly musonda cross two yards out on the stroke of half-time and blazing over from point-blank range when brown teed him up in the second period . mourinho recognised his hot form with a senior debut against maribor in the champions league back in october . we now wait and wonder whether he’ll get any more first-team action , something that can be easily extended to all these players . brown has also been involved with the first-team squad and his two goals here were both well-conceived and clinically finished . he gave chelsea , who had racked up 33 goals in nine matches in reaching this point , the perfect start after just seven minutes . showing no signs of fatigue after all that commuting , brown thundered home solanke’s low cross , culminating one of the many intricate passing moves chelsea put together in the game . his second - chelsea’s third - came on 55 minutes and killed the contest . boga took his time in assessing the options in front of him and eventually found brown inside the area . the captain swiveled and placed a fine left-footed shot into the far corner . shakhtar drew level when blues defender andreas christensen ( centre ) scored an own goal in the first-half . leading scorer solanke put chelsea back in the lead shortly after the interval with a close range header . chelsea striker solanke wheels away after netting in the blues ' 3-2 victory over shakhtar donetsk . solanke celebrates his goal with the impressive jeremie boga who provided the assist . solanke leaps for joy after handing chelsea the lead while becoming the tournament 's top scorer . that knocked the stuffing out of shakhtar’s challenge . the ukrainians had reached this point having not lost a game , though they had laboured in overcoming olympiacos in the last 16 and benfica in the quarter-finals , winning both on penalties . they had also come from behind to beat anderlecht 3-1 in friday’s semi-final , that contest a stark contrast to the ease of chelsea’s demolition of roma . having created little of note , they drew level late in the first-half when the unfortunate chelsea centre-half andreas christensen diverted a dangerous deny arendaruk cross beyond his goalkeeper bradley collins . the denmark under 21 defender looked crestfallen but the wrong was quickly righted by chelsea’s rapier-sharp attack . brown completed his brace with a drilled shot from outside the area in the second half . chelsea 's rising star goes to celebrate with team-mate charly musonda after netting the eventual winner . chelsea youth manager adrian viveash rallies his troops from the touchline . french attacking midfielder boga , who set up two goals for the blues during the match , takes a free-kick . chelsea youngsters , led by captain brown , begin their celebrations by raising aloft the trophy . chelsea youth manager viveash raises the lennart johansson trophy as his side are crowned champions . a second for shakhtar , through substitute viktor kovalenko in stoppage time , came too late to change the outcome . and as brown lifted the youth league trophy beneath cloudless skies in this most picturesque of venues , chelsea strengthened their claim to have england’s best academy . they are the defending under 21 premier league champions and will put their fa youth cup title on the line against manchester city next week . success on the european stage only adds another trophy to their collection . the real test comes in seeing whether brown , solanke , boga and the rest of their talented cohort can graduate to chelsea’s first team . while the likes of uefa president michel platini and even former chelsea defender paulo ferreira were expected guests at the uefa youth league final , there was one familiar face in the stands who did cause a surprise ... former un secretary-general kofi annan . former un secretary-general kofi annan revealed himself as a football fan by attending the final .