two brothers exonerated after being sentenced to death for a 1975 slaying have been awarded more than $ 1.6 million in compensation from the state of ohio for decades of wrongful imprisonment . the ohio court of claims on friday granted the money to wiley bridgeman , 60 , and kwame ajamu , 57 , and the brothers ' attorneys said compensation for lost wages has yet to be determined and awarded . bridgeman , ajamu , and ricky jackson , now 59 , were sent to death row after aggravated murder convictions in the slaying of cleveland money order salesman harry franks . scroll down for video . wiley bridgeman , 60 ( left ) and kwame ajamu , 57 ( right ) were awarded a collective $ 1.6million from an ohio court on friday after spending decades in prison for wrongful murder convictions ( file photo , nov. 2014 ) . the brothers served a collective 66 years in prison for the murder of cleveland businessman harry franks in 1975 . above , they celebrate after bridgeman was exonerated in november 2014 . last year , the three men were exonerated after the case against them fell apart when the prosecution 's key witness edward vernon — a 12-year-old boy at the time of the killing— recanted his testimony as an adult and said he never witnessed the crime . jackson , 58 , was awarded more than $ 1million in compensation in march . terry gilbert and david mills , attorneys for bridgeman and ajamu , said friday the amount in lost wages will be determined through negotiations . mills said ohio law allows wrongfully imprisoned individuals to be paid about $ 51,000 for each year of incarceration . the $ 1.6 million includes calculated damages amounting to about $ 969,000 for bridgeman and $ 647,000 for ajamu , according to the court . previous inmates exonerated after periods in prison have received up to $ 1million for each year spent incarcerated . an illinois man who spent nearly 20 years in jail after being wrongly imprisoned for rape and murder received a $ 20million settlement in march , setting a new national record . gilbert said no amount of money could really compensate the two men for the time that was taken from them . bridgeman , ajamu and jackson were convicted after a 12-year-old said that he saw how businessman harry franks was murdered . ricky jackson , was the longest serving person ever exonerated after his 1975 ( left ) conviction . he was released last year ( right ) after the prosecution 's star witness recanted his testimony . ajamu was only 17-years-old when he was given the death penalty . ajamu , bridgeman and jackson had walked past the scene where franks was shot and asked what happened , soon becoming prime suspects in the murder . no physical evidence linked them to the crime , which included an acid attack . in 2013 vernon said that police had fed him details about the case , cleveland.com reported . late last year the inmates became emotional after being told that they had been exonerated and the court would not make any objections to their innocence . all three 's death sentences , which were given when bridgeman was 20 and jackson was 18 , had been commuted to life in prison after the supreme court outlawed capital punishment in 1978 . jackson , holding his first cell phone , received more than $ 1million last month after being released . the trio of wrongfully convicted men said that they have missed out on important parts of life such as having children . ' they deserve a lot more , but the state has limits on what they pay , ' gilbert said . ' but obviously they are grateful to have some resources to start their lives again . ' ajamu , known in 1975 as ronnie bridgeman , was released in 2003 after 27 years in prison and exonerated in december . he took his new name after leaving prison and has married . his brother wiley bridgeman and jackson were released in november after nearly 40 years behind bars . the ohio innocence project says that jackson was the longest-serving person in us history to be exonerated at the time of his release . after they were exonerated , the trio said that they had missed out on much of life , such as having children . dan tierney , a spokesman for ohio attorney general mike dewine , was reached after office hours friday . he said attorneys with dewine 's office would review the ruling monday . the case against the three men first attracted scrutiny after a piece in cleveland scene cast doubt on vernon 's testimony .