a volcano in chile that has laid dormant for more than 40 years has suddenly erupted , causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky while thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee . volcano calbuco , in the country 's south , is believed to be among the three most dangerous of chile 's 90 active volcanoes , but was not under any special observation before it suddenly sprung into life at around 6pm local time . an estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of ensenada after the eruption , while several smaller townships were also cleared . scroll down for video . up in smoke : volcano calbuco , in southern chile , has erupted forcing 1,500 residents from ensenada , about 10 miles away , to flee their homes ( pictured , a view of the eruption from puerto montt , a small city around 20 miles from the volcano ) . boom : the eruption sent a huge plume of gas and ash soaring into the atmosphere which was visible from up to 100 miles away ( pictured , the scene in puerto varas , around 25 miles away ) . unexpected : the volcano last erupted in 1972 , and while it is widely believed to be among chile 's most dangerous , it was not under observation before it erupted today ( the eruption pictured from puerto varas ) . active : volcano calbunco is regarded as being among chile 's three most dangerous volcanoes , and is part of an active chain of around 500 that cover the south of the country . panic : residents from ensenada described ' apocalypse scenes ' after the volcano erupted about 6pm local time , with local authorities setting up a 12.5-mile exclusion zone around it . smoke and lava can be seen spewing from the calbuco volcano in this picture taken from the shores of lake llanquihue in puerto varas . an electrical storm lights up the night sky as a huge column of ash and lava shoots out of the volcano . the eruption sparked a red alert in the port city of puerto montt . the volcano is located near the tourist town of puerto varas and the city of puerto montt , a little more than 620 miles south of chile 's capital , santiago . the national mining and geology service issued a high alert , setting up an exclusion zone of 12.5miles around the volcano , barring access to the area . trevor moffat , who lives in ensenada , some six miles from the volcano , said the eruption happened without warning . volcano calbuco 's last major eruption happened in 1961 , with a weak eruption following in 1972 . the calbuco volcano in southern chile erupted for the first time in more than five decades on wednesday , sending a thick plume of ash and smoke several kilometres into the sky . explosion : residents in nearby puerto varas go about their business while in the background the ash cloud from volcano calbuco is seen . destructive : volcanoes occur at the edges of tectonic plates which make up the earth 's crust , either where these plates are moving toward or away from one another . eruptions occur when magma forces its way to the surface , exploding through weak points in the crust . plume : while most people think of volcanoes as spewing lava , many eruptions take the form of super-heated gas and ash which is pushed through the earth 's crust , covering the sky . not another one : southern chile is a sparsely populated region of high volcanic activity . in march , volcano villarrica , about 155 miles to the north , also erupted in spectacular fashion , sending a plume of ash and lava high into the sky . he said : ' it sounded like a big tractor trailer passing by the road , rattling and shaking , guttural rumbling ... we left everything there , grabbed my kid , my dog , got in the car with my wife . mr moffat , who was originally born in canada , said he was now driving his family to puerto varas . he added : ' all the neighbors were outside , a lot of young people crying . armageddon type reaction . ' television pictures showed a spectacular mushroom-shaped column billowing into the sky with occasional lighting bolts shooting through it . the eruption was seen up to 100 miles away in neighbouring argentina . danger : residents from nearby towns said people were crying in the streets after the volcano erupted without warning at 6pm local time . shocking : while the first eruption occurred in the middle of the afternoon , the plume of ash and smoke was visible well into the evening from towns 100 miles away in argentina . blanket : the last major eruption here was in 1961 when lava flows filled the top crater before spilling down the sides and into a nearby lake . there was another minor eruption in 1972 . distant : a view of the ash cloud from the nahuel huapi lake , around 100 miles away from the volcano in neighbouring argentina . derek way , a resident of puerto varas , , said : ' there are a lot of people out in the streets , many heading to the gas stations to fill up on gas . a friend told me to fill everything we have with water . ' chile , on the pacific ' rim of fire ' , has the second largest chain of volcanoes in the world after indonesia , including around 500 that are potentially active . in march , volcano villarrica , also in southern chile , erupted in spectacular fashion , sending a plume of ash and lava high into the sky , but quickly subsided . volcanoes occur at the edges of tectonic plates which make up the earth 's crust , either where these plates are moving toward or away from one another . eruptions occur when magma from the earth 's core forces its way to the surface , exploding through weak points in the crust .