a shocking new video appearing to show at least 30 christians being beheaded and shot by isis in libya has been released . the 29-minute video , titled ' until it came to them - clear evidence ' , shows dozens of militants holding two separate groups captive , thought to be in the south and the west of the country . at least 16 men , described by islamic state as the ' followers of the cross from the enemy ethiopian church ' , are lined up and shot in a desert area while 12 others are filmed being forced to walk down a beach before being beheaded . this follows another video in february of the beheading of a group of 21 coptic christians on the beach in libya , though that terrain was rockier than the one shown in the latest film . it raises fears that isis is consolidating its presence on the ' doorstep of europe ' , as libya is just a few hundred miles from the coast of italy . scroll down for video . thirty ethiopian christians appear to have been beheaded and shot by isis in a sickening new propaganda video . above , at least 16 men are marched down a beach in libya by militants before they are killed . ethiopia was unable to confirm its citizens were killed in the footage but condemned the ' atrocious act ' , a government official said . the video shows the men at the coast wearing guantanamo-style orange jumpsuits and being held at the neck by fighters in combats with balaclavas covering their faces . the victims inland are forced to kneel as militants dressed in combats and green masks stand behind them holding rifles . it starts with what it called a ' history of christian-muslim relations ' , which includes scenes of militants destroying churches , graves and icons . a masked fighter in black then brandishes a pistol as he vows to kill christians if they do not convert . in an apparent reference to ethiopia 's attacks on neighbouring somalia , whose population is almost entirely muslim , he says : ' muslim blood shed under the hands of your religions is not cheap . to the nation of the cross we are now back again . ' the footage , which was released on websites and social media accounts officially linked to isis , also cuts to christians in syria explaining how they were given the choice of converting to islam or paying a ' special tax ' . at the end it switches between the two sets of captives - thought to be mainly migrant workers - with one group shot dead at point-blank range and the others beheaded on the beach . the video has not yet been verified . the men - wearing guantanamo-style orange jumpsuits - are held at the neck and forced to kneel by fighters in combats with balaclavas covering their faces . the men , thought to be migrant works , are described by islamic state in the video as the ' followers of the cross from the enemy ethiopian church ' . the footage also shows around 12 men being shot in a desert area , believed to be in the south of the country , by militants wearing green balaclavas and combats . a masked fighter in black ( right ) brandishing a pistol vows to kill christians if they do not convert , saying : ' muslim blood shed under the hands of your religions is not cheap . to the nation of the cross we are now back again ' . the victims are forced to kneel in front of the militants ( above ) before being shot at point-blank range simultaneously . the video bore the official logo of the is media arm al-furqan and resembled previous footage released by the extremist group . the militant in black - who is completely covered apart from his eyes - remains flanked by two people holding guns throughout the clip . ethiopia is a predominantly christian country with the religion being introduced in the country the 4th century , making it one of the oldest christian states in the world . the ethiopian orthodox tewahedo church is one of the oldest organized christian bodies in the world , and more than 40 per cent of the population are members of the church . around 20 per cent of the population follow other branches of christianity , a majority being protestant . islam was not introduced in the country for another 300 years , and now about one third of ethiopians identify as muslim . initial reports did not make clear who the captives were or when they were captured . the video bore the official logo of the is media arm al-furqan and resembled previous footage released by the extremist group . redwan hussein , an ethiopian government spokesman , said officials were in contact with its embassy in cairo to verify the video 's authenticity . he said he believed those killed were likely to have been ethiopian migrants hoping to reach europe . libya has become a hub for migrants across africa hoping to cross the mediterranean to enter europe for work and better lives . ' if this is confirmed , it will be a warning to people who wish to risk and travel to europe though the dangerous route , ' mr hussein said . he added that ethiopia , which does not have an embassy in libya , would help repatriate ethiopians if they wanted to leave . libyan officials were not immediately available for comment . abba kaletsidk mulugeta , an official with the ethiopian orthodox tewahdo church 's patriarchate office , said he also believed the victims were likely to have been migrants . ' i believe this is just another case of the is group killing christians in the name of islam . our fellow citizens have just been killed on a faith-based violence that is totally unacceptable . this is outrageous , ' he said . ' no religion orders the killing of other people , even people from another religion . ' ethiopia 's options to retaliate remain slim , given its distance from libya . however , ethiopian ambassador to egypt mohammed edrees said his country could partner with cairo to strike the militants . ' that could be an option , ' mr edrees said . ' we will see and explore what is possible to deal with group . ' it comes just two months after the extremist group in libya beheaded 21 captured egyptian christians on a beach ( above ) . the latest video mirrored a film released in february showing militants beheading 21 captured egyptian christians on a libyan beach ( pictured above ) , which immediately drew egyptian airstrikes on the group 's suspected positions in libya . frederic wehrey , a senior associate for the middle east programme at the carnegie endowment for international peace , said : ' the islamic state in libya is still focused on this consolidation phase of announcing its presence through these very high-profile executions . but they face some structural limits in terms of how much local support they can get because they have n't captured real revenue streams . ' it comes just two months after is militants filmed themselves beheading 21 captured egyptian christians on a similar beach , which immediately drew egyptian airstrikes on the group 's suspected positions in libya . isis has been able to gain a foothold amid chaos in libya , where two governments backed by rival alliances of militias are battling each other as well as extremist groups . the group is also advancing in iraq , where it has captured three villages near the city of ramadi . islamic state fighters , pictured carrying flags and dressed in black , have been able to gain a foothold amid the chaos in libya . more than 90,000 people have fled the isis 's advance in anbar , a united nations humanitarian agency said earlier this morning . the office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs said in a statement that civilians are fleeing ramadi as well as the three nearby villages captured by the is group a few days ago . lise grande , the un humanitarian coordinator for iraq , said : ' our top priority is delivering life-saving assistance to people who are fleeing - food , water and shelter are highest on the list of priorities . ' iraqi officials in anbar have described ramadi as a ghost town , with empty streets and closed shops . iraqi troops backed by shiite militias and u.s.-led airstrikes managed to dislodge isis , which controls large parts of iraq and syria and wants to redraw the map of the middle east , from the northern city of tikrit earlier this month . but the troops have struggled against the militants in anbar , which saw some of the heaviest fighting of the eight-year u.s. military intervention that ended in 2011 . elsewhere today , the us-led coalition said kurdish forces recaptured 11 villages in iraq 's kirkuk province from isis following days of intense clashes . the coalition said the area of about 25 square miles ( 65 square kilometers ) was south of the city of kirkuk .  