chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves operating in central london , according to undercover police teams . gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the west end before stealing their cash and belongings , according to the plain-clothes officers tasked with reducing theft in the area . in one example metropolitan police stopped two chilean women wearing burkas after they had been spotted targeting rich arab tourists in the park lane and mayfair areas . chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves operating in central london , according to undercover police teams . a bag they were carrying contained €130,000 and £20,000 as well as gold and diamond jewellery . london 's busy shopping areas prove a big draw for gangs of pickpockets from around the world including romania , algeria and bulgaria , reports andy jones on vice . but dc darren bond , whose team monitors the oxford street , bond street and regent street areas , explained to the the website that chilean pickpockets ' do n't mess about ' . he is quoted as saying : ' they are intelligence-led – they do n't go after anyone but wealthy tourists – and operate in mixed teams of three to six , often middle-aged . ' they will look like a nice family or group of businessmen to fit in . it allows them to walk through hotels unchallenged , sit down and have breakfast , then walk out with bags , laptops , etc . they are so hard to trace . ' plain clothes police are attempting to drive down pickpocket crimes in busy shopping areas like oxford street , pictured . he said many arrive in britain on a six-month visa before heading off on a ' european tour ' and police are constantly monitoring cctv to keep tabs on gangs and their recruits . organised international gangs of thieves will often spend a short time operating in london before flying to the likes of madrid , barcelona and milan for the same purpose - all as part of moves to avoid detection . dc bond , whose squad has seen a 50 per cent reduction in thefts over the last year , told vice that ' anecdotally ' about 70 per cent of arrested pickpockets were romanians or bulgarians , ten per cent algerians and five per cent chileans with the rest uk-based . ' big city theft is now organised , international crime with bosses and a hierarchy , ' he added .