four seasons set out to recreate their famed hotel experience in the sky in a bid to cater to the growing demand among modern luxury travellers . and with the recent unveiling of their brand new private jet , they appear to be on the right track to achieve exactly that . revealed in a minute-long video , the aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience . scroll down for video . each four seasons journey includes air travel , ground transportation , planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip . the inside of the aircraft features leather flat-bed seats , which are the work of italian design iacobucci . timeless discoveries : an around the world journey ( january 26 - february 18 ) . los angeles - kona - bora bora - sydney - bali - chiang mai - taj mahal and mumbai - prague - london . international intrigue : an around the world journey ( april 14 - may 7 ) . seattle - tokyo - beijing - maldives - serengeti - istanbul - st. petersburg - marrakech - boston . extraordinary adventures : an around the world journey ( september 17 - october 11 ) . austin - costa rica - hawaii - sydney - langkawi - mauritius - serengeti - petra and the dead sea – lisbon . cultural escape : europe , middle east and africa ( november 4 - 22 ) . london - petra and the dead sea - dubai - seychelles - serengeti - florence – london . inside the aircraft , the clip shows off the all-white interior and leather flat-bed seats – the work off italian design iacobucci – as well as uniformed cabin crew . vice president , design , four seasons hotels and resorts , said : ‘ in our hotels , spaces are conceived as settings for great experiences , ‘ the same is true for the four seasons private jet . ‘ along with the core objectives of comfort and functionality – and adherence to strict aircraft safety standards – we wanted to create an exceptionally luxurious ambiance , and champagne and caviar became our inspiration . ’ the private jet also includes its own executive and sous in-flight chefs and exclusively stocks dom pérignon champagne . chef kerry sear said : ‘ our aim is to recreate the hotel experience on the four seasons private jet , which means creating innovative meals using fresh ingredients , served on the finest tableware and linens , all with impeccable four seasons service . the jet includes its own executive and sous in-flight chefs and exclusively stocks dom pérignon champagne . ‘ the only real difference is that occasionally we have to do a little juggling when there’s turbulence . ’ included in each four seasons journey is air travel , ground transportation and planned excursions as well as all meals and beverages throughout the trip . but as you would expect the privilege does not come cheap and will set you back approximately £63,000 a trip . the private jet , including the staff and crew , is also available for private charter . four seasons have also made the private jet , including the staff and crew , available for private charter . the private jet experience does not come cheap and will set you back approximately £63,000 a trip .