a father who is feared to have fled to syria with his partner and four young children was a member of a banned extremist group , it was reported last night . asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , their daughter zoha , seven , and their three sons essa , four , zakariva , two , and yahya , one , were all caught on camera on a cross-channel ferry . they left their home in slough , berkshire , without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members , which is out of character , police said . scroll down for video . detectives have released cctv footage of asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , and their four young children , who have been reported missing from britain , at a busy ferry port as they apparently head to syria . police say mr malik ( pictured with one of his young children ) had told his family he wanted to ' go and live in a muslim country ' and the family left without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to relatives , it is claimed . members of mr malik 's family tonight said they had been left ' completely devastated ' and issued a desperate plea for the six to return home . in a statement , they said : ' we are totally distraught , upset and in shock ' . police have warned that the muslim family , who were last seen in slough , berkshire on april 7 , may be heading to syria . they are pictured at dover port before catching a ferry to calais , france on april 8 . the family , from slough in berkshire , are believed to have boarded the dover to calais ferry just after midnight on april 8 before travelling south through europe including to budapest in hungary on april 12 . protest : malik , seen holding the ' hands off muslims ! ' sign , outside regents park mosque last year - next to him is abu rumaysah who jumped bail to flee to syria . but radical preacher anjem choudary said yesterday malik was a member of the banned group al-muhajiroun and a ' champion for sharia ' who regularly attended the group 's demonstrations . neighbours said the family were known to police and had been questioned on suspicion of terrorist involvement four years ago . uniformed police waited for the family for three days before talking to them , they said . there will now be questions for police after they failed to stop a suspected extremist from slipping out of the country with his family . choudary said malik remained ' very influential in the community ' after al-muhajiroun was banned five years ago . ' back in the day he was a member until the group was banned . he was still part of our demonstrations and lectures but i had n't seen him for a few months , ' he told the daily telegraph . ' asif is a very good friend of mine . i have n't seen him for a while but from what i gather in the reports he and his family have left the country . ' he added : ' he is a very studious man , a very good muslim character . he was always a champion for sharia and is very influential in the community . ' choudary also criticised the government for trying to restrict british muslims from travelling to syria . ' i think they want to live under sharia and escape the oppressive life they have in this country and under this government , ' he added . asif malik ( left ) , 31 , and his partner sara kiran ( right ) , 29 , were reported missing from slough , berkshire , after their childrenl failed to show up to school and their grandmother became worried about their whereabouts . zoha malik ( left ) , seven , and essa malik ( right ) , four , are among the family 's four children who are missing . the family were last seen on tuesday , april 7 , and were captured on cctv boarding a ferry from dover to calais on wednesday , april 8 . they are believed to have travelled south through europe by train and were seen in budapest on sunday , april 12 , before making their way to turkey . relatives reported them missing to police on thursday and officers are concerned they may be seeking to travel to syria . last night , malik 's family said they were ' completely devastated ' by the family 's sudden decision to leave britain . ' all we wish for is your safe return and especially the return of the children . we are not angry with you , we are just heartbroken , ' they said in an appeal to him . zakariya malik ( left ) , two , and yhaya malik ( right ) , one , were last seen with their family in berkshire on april 7 . mr malik and miss kiran 's last known address in slough was in this block of flats ( pictured on the left , above ) . neighbours said today that police had broken down the door on thursday night to enter the family 's home . thames valley police 's acting deputy chief constable , john campbell , said it was a ' real concern ' they had reached syria . ' i 'm not suggesting for one moment that they are intending to join islamic state , ' he said . ' at the same time we know that [ relatives ] have voiced some concerns about the family 's intentions . there 's been a suggestion that [ malik ] in the past has said that he would like to live in a muslim state . ' acting deputy chief constable john campbell ( pictured at a press conference in kidlington today ) said thames valley police is ' extremely concerned for the safety of this family , especially the four young children ' . the alarm was raised when some of the children failed to attend claycots primary school in slough . yesterday , the family 's next-door neighbour said they had been in trouble with the police four years ago . he added : ' people were saying that they were extremists and that police were listening in on their phone calls . i think they were under surveillance . ' the police sat in the stairwell for three days waiting for them . ' it 's such a shame . those kids are now in danger because of what their parents believe in . '