jailed : jordan sim-mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on facebook after targeting businesses across greater manchester . a 24-year-old man who carried out a series of raids on petrol stations and convenience stores has been jailed after boasting about his crimes on facebook . jordan sim-mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on the social networking site after targeting businesses across greater manchester . the career criminal , who claimed he worked in ' midnight removals ' in his online profile , was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries . sim-mutch , from stockport , greater manchester , was jailed yesterday after admitting to a string of offences at minsull street crown court . on wednesday night , hours before he was sentenced , sim-mutch uploaded a picture taken inside the courtroom that shows he and his fellow gang members in the dock . the photograph of the smirking men - which is now being used as the criminal 's ' cover picture ' on facebook - was illegally taken by a friend in the public gallery . a number of supportive comments have since been left on the image , with one saying ' love you jord ' and another posting ' lads on tour ' . the court was told the gang carried out a series of armed raids on petrol stations , convenience stores and a pub to pay for cannabis . the men used a number of stolen cars fitted with false licence plates , including a bmw and an audi a5 , to use as getaway vehicles , it was heard . they targeted businesses in groups of four , armed with a variety of weapons including bricks , baseball bats , a meat cleaver , axes , and , on one occasion , an imitation firearm . three men would enter the premises and hold up staff as the fourth remained in the car . prosecutor adam smith told the court that on one occasion , the men stole nearly £4,000 worth of cigarettes and £1,000 in cash from a bp garage in bredbury . in another robbery , three of the group walked into a pub and threatened customers with a meat cleaver . mr smith said : ' a customer was threatened and told to `` get in the back '' towards the rear cash office where there was a safe . ' one was threatened with the cleaver and two took the member of staff to the office where they were forced to open the safe before they took £2,000 . ' the gang were involved in 29 robberies and burglaries across areas of stockport and greater manchester . the men were first caught in november 2013 , but were granted bail by the courts . when they re-started the operation in february last year , the gang had to carry out their crimes during the day because they were subject to curfews and electronic tagging orders . the gang were caught after police , suspecting they were behind a spree of recent robberies , started to monitor them . sim-mutch pleaded guilty to conspiracy to rob , conspiracy to commit burglary , conspiracy to steal and conspiracy to possess an imitation firearm . the career criminal , who claimed he worked in ' midnight removals ' in his online profile , was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries . above , a photograph posted by sim-mutch . the court was told the gang carried out a series of armed raids on petrol stations , convenience stores and a pub to pay for cannabis . above , a facebook photograph that appears to show a stash of the drug . prosecutor adam smith told the court that on one occasion , the men stole nearly £4,000 worth of cigarettes and £1,000 in cash from a bp garage in bredbury . above , jordan sim-mutch in photos posted online . mitigating , his barrister simon morton said he was not a member who ordered victims to the floor because he suffers with a stammer . explaining why he got involved in the enterprise , sim-mitch told him : ' well i 'm just a big daft lad , are n't i ? ' mr morton said : ' he goes on to say there is no excuse for what he did . this is a big mistake , a long time in jail for a poxy bit of money . ' sentencing judge timothy mort said : ' these are premises in the local community - local to you - where people are providing a valuable service for you and your neighbours and friends and family . they targeted businesses in groups of four , armed with a variety of weapons including bricks , baseball bats , a meat cleaver , axes , and , on one occasion , an imitation firearm . above , a photograph posted by sim-mutch . sim-mutch , pictured , pleaded guilty to conspiracy to rob , conspiracy to commit burglary , conspiracy to steal and conspiracy to possess an imitation firearm . he was jailed for nine and a half years yesterday . ' normal people who go to the pub and go to the shop . they are providing a valuable service in your community and it is your community you have been targeting . ' when one analyses conspiracies it is straight forward enough . worryingly simple offences are being committed . ' if it was a vulnerable convenience store , three would go in , get cigarettes , the till , wave something at staff and run for it . easy money . ' mr sim-mutch , he would get a call saying `` do you want to take part ? '' there were more than enough happy to do it if you did n't want to take part . ' getaway driver paul edwards , 34 , who had offences or robbery stretching back to 2001 , was jailed for nine-and-a-half years . tyler quinn , 22 , was jailed for eight-and-a-half years . aaron bell , 18 , was jailed for seven years . ben fredricks , 23 , was jailed for nine-and-a-half years . paul huskie , 23 , who stored the ' robbers ' kit ' in his flat , was jailed for three years . the gang , all from stockport , admitted conspiracy to rob .