she 's just days away from giving birth but , as ever , the duchess of cambridge refused to let her style icon status slip during her second pregnancy . rather than swaddling her growing bump under baggy dresses , the 33-year-old dressed to impress every time she stepped out . but while mulberry coats and alexander mcqueen gowns did creep in , much of kate 's pregnancy wardrobe came from the high street . scroll down for video . favourites : hobbs , seraphine and asos have all been worn repeatedly during the pregancy . from a £35 asos polka-dot dress to seraphine shifts , the duchess is proof that you do n't have to splash out to look gorgeous while expecting . leading the high street charge to the duchess of cambridge 's wardrobe is hobbs , a mid-range label that has taken her through everything from glamorous evening events to international tours . so enamoured is kate of the brand , even zara , of which she was once a die-hard fan , has had to make way for it , although another budget favourite , l.k bennett , also remains a favourite . ' the duchess of cambridge likes to play it quite safe when it comes to her wardrobe , pre and post-baby , and hobbs is the perfect brand for her , ' explains fashion pundit simon glazin . hobbs : a £160 shirt dress ( left ) in january and , right , in a peplum top at a place2be event in november . ' not only is it uber british , with everything designed in-house in london , it also dovetails with royal fashion protocol : not too revealing , neutral colours , and affordable . ' the duchess wore a brown shirt dress from hobbs to visit foster carers in north london in january and a delicate polka dot velvet top by the brand for a place2be reception at kensington palace in november . on that occasion , she deployed one of her favourite styling tricks and combined the budget top with a glamorous silk skirt by jenny packham for maximum effect . but while she championed hobbs on several occasions during her second pregnancy , it is by no means the only high street staple in kate 's wardrobe . spot the duchess ! kate in a £169 hobbs dalmatian coat in march that was first seen in 2013 , right . the brunette royal is also a huge fan of a small anglo-french label called séraphine , which has grown from a small shop in 2002 to the a-list favourite it is today . the duchess is the brand 's most famous fan , having repeatedly chosen the label during both her pregnancies . along with a £195 coat worn in january and a £95 blue and green floral dress sported to visit the potteries in february , she also opted for the brand when making her début in new york . on that occasion , it was the glamorous £225 plum boucle marina coat that was chosen - and true to form , the design has since sold out repeatedly . séraphine is the brainchild of french expat cecile reinaud , who launched the brand in 2002 from a small shop on high street kensington , and is no doubt thrilled with the royal endorsement . in march , on a visit to itv drama downton abbey , kate wore a chic cream coat from high street maternity label , jojo maman bébé . she has also sported a shirt dress from jaeger and £99 print dress by alice temperley during her pregnancy . cosy : kate in a £275 seraphine maternity marina coat with prince william in new york in december last year . séraphine : kate in a £195 coat in january and , right , wearing a £59 vanessa dress in december . thanks to the much-marked kate effect , everything she has worn has swiftly sold out . ' one of the reasons for her enduring sartorial popularity is the accessibility of her wardrobe , ' explains glazin . ' it 's very real . very practical . people can relate to her through her wardrobe , which is a clever move from her and her people . ' nothing is out of reach , and she does wear a lot from the british high street , which is great to see . it allows people to copy her head-to-toe . people want her hair , her make-up and now her wardrobe . ' people want someone to look up to when it comes to the royals . she is the new generation . ' she , more than any other royal , has made fashion achievable for the public . diana had an amazing wardrobe but she wore a lot of made-to-measure pieces . ' she 's quite safe with her wardrobe , which makes it even more accessible . ' good look : kate wore a £250 blue jaegar tile-print shirt dress in a video message supporting mental health . chic : kate in a £69 jojo maman bebe maternity coat and , right , in a £35 asos polka-dot dress in march .