she wears the £450 issa dress famously sported to announce the royal engagement in november 2010 while he sports a cosy jumper and a goofy grin . but this is n't the real duke and duchess of cambridge . instead , it 's their puppet likenesses - commissioned for itv 's new comedy spoof show , newzoids . and the duke and duchess are n't the only royals to get a puppet makeover . their dolls will be joined by an even more amusing version of prince harry , as well as a roster of celebrities . scroll down for video . plastic princess : the duchess of cambridge is about to make her debut in puppet form . the show , which has been likened to 1980s behemoth spitting image , starts later this month and , according to makers citrus tv , will offer a similarly light-hearted take on current affairs . sketches set to feature in the opening show include one that sees david cameron slug it out with nick clegg on a puppet version of the jeremy kyle show . another sketch will see ed miliband 's effigy join ant and dec to star in a show called ' i 'm a catastrophe ... get me out of here ' while a third will see professor brian cox unearthing a new planet - on kim kardashian 's backside . the six-part series will also feature wayne rooney , beyonce , harry styles and the great british bake off 's paul hollywood and mary berry . star of the show : prince william 's puppet is ready for the launch of new series , newzoids . the real thing : the duke and duchess of cambridge at the stephen lawrence centre in south london . royal stars : the duke and duchess will appear alongside prince charles and the duchess of cornwall . the new show represents the first time that the duke and duchess of cambridge have found themselves lampooned in a comedy show . but while it will all be new to william and kate , other members of the royal family will remember their starring roles in spitting image . among the most memorable was the jug-eared puppet of prince charles , who was famously shown talking on a telephone made of roses . charles will return to puppet form in newzoids , this time reimagined as a version of gogglebox 's dominic parker . the duchess of cornwall will be shown as a take on steph , with the royal couple set to chortle and booze their way through a gogglebox-style sketch . entertainer : prince harry will also feature in the itv show - albeit in puppet form . the great british fake off : stars paul hollywood and mary berry also feature in newzoids . speaking about the new show , elaine bedell , director of entertainment and comedy for itv , said : ' itv has a rich history of playing popular satirical comedy in peaktime on its main channel , and it seemed a good time to revive it this year . ' we are pleased to be adding to our growing comedy portfolio with this funny and biting look at the world of politics and celebrity . ' the show , which will be filmed by animation specialists factory , will be voiced by a cast that includes impressionist debra stephenson and will be produced by giles pilbrow and dominic brigstocke who boast have i got news for you and alan partridge among their credits .