a mysterious ‘ warm blob’ of water off the west coast of the us could explain why states like california are experiencing their worst ever drought , while the east is battered by freezing weather . the blob in the ocean was discovered last year , with temperatures one to four degrees celsius ( two to seven degrees fahrenheit ) above surrounding ‘normal’ water . and the blob has now extended about 1,000 miles ( 1,600km ) offshore , from mexico up to alaska , and could herald a warmer summer for some regions . scroll down for video . a ' blob ' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the pacific ocean ( shown in diagram ) . since last june it has extended from alaska to mexico . it has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere . and a new university of washington study says it could be responsible for droughts . a new study by the university of washington found that a high-pressure ridge could be causing the blob , by trapping heat in the water . in june of last year , the huge patch of water stretched 1,000 miles ( 1,600km ) in each direction , and was 300ft ( 90 metres ) deep . dr nick bond , a climate scientist at the university of washington , coined the term ‘ the blob’ in june . since the year 2000 , seven western states in the us has seen their driest periods in centuries : arizona , california , colorado , nevada , new mexico , utah and wyoming . and scientists in california have warned that the region may be experiencing a century-long 'mega-drought ' . the warnings came after sediment studies showed california is currently experiencing the driest spell since 1580 , and that the regular rainfall seen during the last century is likely to have been a temporary deviation in a cycle of droughts and very occasional rainfall over the last 3,000 years . in 2013 , california received less rain than in any year since its formation as a state in 1850 . however droughts lasting more than 100 years are far from unheard of in the state . looking back over several thousand years , droughts have been known to last over a decade , and in some cases they can last a century . and the patterns tend to repeat , meaning another drought of this length will probably happen again in the future . ten months later , the blob is now squashed up against the coast , and dr bond says all models point to it continuing through the end of this year . ‘ in the fall of 2013 and early 2014 we started to notice a big , almost circular mass of water that just did n't cool off as much as it usually did , so by spring of 2014 it was warmer than we had ever seen it for that time of year , ’ said dr bond . researchers said it may have contributed to the state of washington 's mild 2014 winter and might signal a warmer summer . but exactly how this area of warmer water has formed , or how long it will stay , remains a mystery . one thing that can be studied , though , is its effects . as air passes over warmer water and reaches the coast it brings more heat and less snow , which the scientists say helped cause current drought conditions in california , oregon and washington . the researchers said that it might not only be causing warmer temperatures on the west coast , but also cooler temperatures on the east coast . it could also be playing a part in circulating cold and wet air to the central and eastern states of the us . california 's drought ( stock image shown left ) is one of the worst on record , while the east coast of the us ( central park in new york shown right ) has seen unusually cold temperatures . it is also having an effect on marine life . fish have been spotted in unusual places , supporting recent reports that west coast marine ecosystems are suffering and the food web is being disrupted by warm , less nutrient-rich pacific ocean water . dr bond noted that , while this phenomenon likely wasn’t caused by global warming , it could be a sign of similar weather to come . ‘ this is a taste of what the ocean will be like in future decades , ’ dr bond said . ‘ it was n't caused by global warming , but it 's producing conditions that we think are going to be more common with global warming . ’ the ' blob ' is also having an effect on marine life . fish , like the thresher shark ( shown ) , have been spotted in unusual places , supporting recent reports that west coast marine ecosystems are suffering and the food web is being disrupted by warm , less nutrient-rich pacific ocean water .