a drunk father-of-two faces hours of agonising laser surgery after mis-spelling his own son 's name while giving himself a diy tattoo . tom moffatt , 27 , from ashton-under-lyne in tameside , greater manchester , was meant to ink ' riley ' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm . but instead of the letter ' l ' , mr moffatt started needling the letter p - and had to urgently ' scribble ' over the mistake . what was he thi-ink-ing ? tom moffatt , 27 , from ashton-under-lyne in tameside , greater manchester , inked his son riley 's name into his arm - but accidentally spelled it incorrectly . error : instead of ' l ' , mr moffatt started needling ' p ' and had to quickly scribble over it ( left ) . he also attempted to mark himself with riley 's nickname ' sonny boy ' - but ended up scratching ' sony boy ' instead ( right ) . he also attempted to mark himself with riley 's nickname ' sonny boy ' - but ended up scratching ' sony boy ' across his knuckles instead . the makeshift tattoo session took place in mr moffatt 's living room with a £70 ink gun bought online . the nhs worker was drunk at the time and said he now considers the inkwork a ' nightmare ' . he said : ' i 'd never picked up a tattoo gun in my life and i got told by my brother not to do , but i just did n't listen . ' now , my family are always saying `` you 're an idiot , tom '' and there are plenty of jokes at my expense from my mates . i ca n't repeat what they say about it . ' i have to hide my arm when i go for interviews . even riley has started to notice and points at those tattoos and says `` daddy , i do n't like those ones '' . it 's a nightmare . ' among his homegrown tattoos , mr moffatt also has a wonky cross on his forearm , which he drew just a few months after riley 's birth in 2012 . he has just endured his second hour-long laser removal session in a bid to get rid of the botched needlework . botched : the makeshift tattoo session took place in mr moffatt 's living room with a £70 ink gun bought online . the nhs worker was drunk at the time and said he now thought of the inkwork as a ' nightmare ' . nightmare : the nhs worker has just endured his second hour-long laser removal session in a bid to get rid of the botched needlework . but because the ink has gone so deep , mr moffatt is unsure how many more sessions he needs to have . painful : but because the ink has gone so deep , mr moffatt is unsure how many more sessions he needs to have . he said : ' i 've got a long journey ahead of me to get them all off and i pressed it so deep in one that it 's going to be very difficult to get it off . ' mr moffatt , who also has a two-year-old daughter kya with partner rachael higgins , 23 , now wants to use his experience to highlight why people should not attempt to draw their own tattoos . he said : ' once i 've got them off , my job is n't done . we want to try and get a campaign going so people like me ca n't just go out and buy a gun with no questions asked . ' you should n't be able to go on the internet as a 15-year-old joe bloggs and buy one . i want to get the message out there that tattoos should only be done by professionals . ' the owner of the maria patricia tattoo removals , where he is being treated , says mr moffatt 's situation is a stark warning against the dangers of unregulated ink work . maria said : ' there needs to be more regulation . people do n't realise the dangers of the buying off tattoo guns and ink off the internet . ' tom did just that and had to google the instructions of how to use it . it might seem like a laugh with mates when you 're drunk but it 's not easy to fix the damage and people can be left with scarring if they 're not careful . ' we 're all for tattoos but people need to be aware they can wreck lives and make it difficult to get jobs . ' mr moffatt , a machine operator working on nhs hospital equipment , will appear in tattoo disasters uk , which airs each tuesday , new and exclusive to spike .