a nurse , 52 , who was driving by herself on a dark country road faces felony charges after she did n't immediately pull over for a cop because she did n't think it was a safe place to stop . delrea good of portage , indiana says that on march 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for porter county sheriff 's department patrolman william marshall about a half a mile down the road from where he asked her to halt her vehicle . good was speeding and was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone at 11:21 p.m . charged with resisting arrest : portage resident delrea good said she did not immediately pull over for the flashing lights behind her because , as a 52-year-old woman traveling alone at night on a dark county road . ' i felt i did n't do anything wrong , ' good told nwi.com . ' i got to a safe place and i told him that . ' good says that when she was ordered to pull over , she put on her emergency flashers , and waved her hand out the window to let the cop know that she was aware of his presence and that she planned to stop . she finally turned off the gas at a well-lit kohls parking lot . good said marshall was enraged with her when she pulled over and said , ' what in the hell are you doing ? i could arrest you for this . ' good has no previous criminal record and says that if she is convicted of a felony then she will lose her job . marshall claims that good was ' highly agitated and uncooperative ' and said she told him , ' i do n't care who you are i do n't have to stop on a county road , i 'm a single female . ' no criminal history : delrea good is a nurse with no criminal history and says that is she is convicted that her job will be in jeopardy . marshall arrested good after she ' failed to listen to how speeding endangers other drivers . ' ' i follow rules every day or people could get hurt , ' good said in reference to her nursing career . ' this could be your mom , your sister , your daughter next time . ' good even accuses the cop of bullying her on the way to the station and says he accused her of having a controlled substance , which turned out be be advil . good 's attorney bob harper has argued that his client 's concerns are absolutely warranted . harper brought up a 1991 case in which a woman pulled over for a man pretending to be a cop who later attacked her . new motto : good has decided to promote female safety by painting this on the back of her car and by assigning herself the hashtag # femalesafetymatters . rough arrest : good posted this photo on her facebook showing the alleged bruises she got during the arrest . harper then said that two years prior , portage police issued a warning say that a man impersonating a police officer by flashing red and blue lights tried to get a woman to pull over . portage police sgt . keith hughes said that the woman who refused to stop a few years ago exercised good judgement . he recommended that drivers call 911 if they expect someone is impersonating a cop and said if they are unable to get through to anyone they should wave to the officer them stop at a well lit area . porter county sheriff 's spokesman sgt . larry laflower said after the current incident that ' the sheriff 's office supports our officer 's decision in this matter . ' good has been posting to her facebook following the incident and decided to assign herself the hashtag # femalesafetymatters . she wrote that her lawyer is representing her free of charge because ' he feels this is a travesty of justice . ' good also posted a picture of bruises on her arm from the arrest and claimed that the officer was too rough with her . speaking out : good said her lawyer decided to represent her free of charge because he feels her arrest was a ' travesty of justice ' . 