it really is tough to think of a previous premier league game of such importance being undercut by this depth of friendship between dugouts . tim sherwood and chris ramsey know each other inside out . they also know how their careers could be shaped by 90 minutes of football at villa park . from living 10 minutes apart in buckinghamshire and bedfordshire , the pair will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in birmingham , relishing the pressure . the careers of tim sherwood ( above ) and chris ramsey ( below ) could be shaped by 90 minutes on tuesday . ramsey 's qpr go to the home of sherwood 's villa for a match that could see them out of the bottom three . a match of this magnitude is what these two english coaches craved during years working together at tottenham hotspur , probably believing they would be united in battle . a quirky sequence of events has pitted them on opposite sides instead . sherwood came close to the qpr job when harry redknapp resigned , but paul lambert was sacked in the same period and aston villa placed the call . ramsey looked the unlikely choice at loftus road but guided qpr to their first away premier league victory this season at sunderland , earning the reins until the summer . a second win on the road at west bromwich albion on saturday means qpr can go above villa with three points on tuesday night , plunging sherwood’s team into the relegation zone . the reverse result would take villa to the precipice of safety , leaving qpr with a fainter glimmer of hope . qpr come into the match with confidence after a convincing 4-1 victory over villa 's neighbours west brom . christian benteke celebrates his goal in villa 's 3-1 defeat by manchester united on saturday . it is a sliding doors match , the kind to be looked back upon in months to come as the moment futures were directed , both for clubs and managers . lose and suffer relegation ? sherwood’s position would come under considerable question , his trajectory as the bright thing of english coaching skewered . ramsey would likely be shuffled back to a role behind the curtain . win and survive ? reputation enhanced , the opportunity to lay foundations would be presented . either way , this pair will share pints again , unpicking the evening when their top-flight statuses came under enormous scrutiny . neither sherwood nor ramsey has been trying to underplay this match , even if one offered a little more bombast than the other . ‘ i think this is the biggest game that a lot of these players have ever played for this football club , ’ said sherwood . ‘ if i could hype up the pressure even more i would . ’ ‘ a win would be a fantastic boost for us because it would see us above the line , ’ said ramsey . ‘ it would give the fans a lot of hope that we have a chance of staying up . ’ neighbours within 10 minutes and friends , ramsey ( centre ) and sherwood ( right ) know each other inside out . the pair worked together at spurs with les ferdinand ( second right ) , now qpr 's director of football . under the floodlights , this promises to be a thrilling night of action . villa park has already enjoyed that with back-to-back matches in darkness against west brom . the second victory , in the fa cup , sparked a pitch invasion . the atmosphere against qpr will be tense and frenetic again . sherwood will live every moment on the sidelines , ramsey will be more considered . there are likely to be some telling looks either direction . both would be inclined to work with each other again . ‘he’s a good pal of mine and a very loyal friend , but it’s been put to one side , ’ insisted sherwood . ‘ considering we worked together for four-five years before , there is going to be some sort of strange feeling , ’ said ramsey . once the whistle blows it is down to the players , of course . qpr’s will bounce into action off the back of one of their finest performances this season . villa underwhelmed in defeat at old trafford . the hyatt hotel just off broad street brought comfort for ramsey’s squad during their trip to the second city three days ago , but eduardo vargas , scorer of two in two , will be missing through injury this time . bobby zamora , who claimed a wonderful strike at the hawthorns , has been wrapped in cotton wool over the weekend . qpr will be without eduardo vargas , who scored his second in two games against west brom . alan hutton , ashley westwood and scott sinclair are out for villa , tom cleverley , aly cissokho and kieran richardson major doubts . sherwood wants attacking football with a gritty underbelly , ramsey is likely to map out a plan to threaten on the break . twice villa have been beaten late at home under sherwood , as ramsey will be aware . quality may suffer in the circumstances , but excitement should still course through the encounter . high drama awaits . christian benteke . struggled on return form achilles injury and looked disinterested at times under lambert , seems to have found his mojo for sherwood as four goals in four games testifies . should strike terror into qpr at his best . fabian delph . the beating heart of aston villa , a demanding , driving bundle of energy in midfield to whom others turn . scored the breakthrough goal in the cup tie against west brom and needs a similar impact here . fabian delph is the beating heart of villa . ciaran clark . the 25-year-old has grown in stature this season for villa , a vocal presence at the back and thoroughly committed . he will be the defender to put in a tackle of substance to get the fans cheering . charlie austin . has now scored 16 premier league goals this season , a remarkable tally in his debut campaign . will look to get on the end of any opportunities in the area and has movement to trouble . joey barton . was at his snarling best against west brom , tackling and passing to dominate midfield . picked up his eighth booking in ten games but is available against villa . much depends on how much he imposes himself . joey barton 's midfield menace is key for qpr . bobby zamora . produced probably the best goal of his career aged 34 at the hawthorns and has rested up since . his aching limbs mean training is minimal . but on the pitch he can provide a focal point to attacks and win plenty in the air . 