politicians are criss-crossing the country wooing voters ahead of the election in 27 days’ time . but in more than half of seats the result is already known , according to new analysis of safe seats . more than 25million live in constituencies where the result can already be predicted , because one party is so far ahead . there are 650 seats up for grabs on may 7 , with labour and the tories needing more than half to secure a majority . however , the electoral reform society claims the result in 364 seats can be called now , based on current polls and how ‘safe’ they were in 2010 . scroll down for video . some 70 per cent of seats in the east of england are considered safe , compared to 10 per cent in scotland , where the snp is expected to make sweeping gains . of 303 tory seats , 186 are considered safe while 151 of labour’s 257 constituencies are not expected to change hands . the lib dems are defending 56 seats , of which only seven are considered safe , after a dramatic collapse in their poll ratings since joining the coalition with the tories . some parts of the country are more likely to play a role in deciding the outcome of the election than others . for example , 70 per cent of seats in the east of england are considered safe , compared to 10 per cent in scotland , where the snp is expected to make sweeping gains . the ers has produced a new online tool for voters to see if they live in an area where the election result will be decided . it is campaigning for a change to the voting system , arguing that first past the post , where the winning candidate just needs to get the most votes , fails to take account of the changing face of british politics . of 303 tory seats , 186 are considered safe while 151 of labour’s 257 constituencies are not expected to change hands.the lib dems are defending 56 seats , of which only seven are considered safe , after a dramatic collapse in their poll ratings since joining the coalition with the tories . based on the 2010 election result , david cameron needs to win another 23 more seats to secure a majority in the commons , while ed miliband needs at least 70 . nick clegg is defending 56 seats , but is braced for heavy losses . the tories need to win only 23 more seats to obtain a majority in the commons , while labour need 70 . the polls suggests it could take three or more parties to form a majority , including the snp , lib dems , dup , greens and ukip . katie ghose , chief executive of the electoral reform society , said : ‘ the fact that we can firmly predict the outcome of over half of the seats being contested this may is a sorry indictment of our outdated voting system . “ the average constituency hasn’t changed hands since the 1960s , and some have been under the same party’s control since the reign of queen victoria . this is a huge disincentive for people to get out there and vote , and for other parties to challenge incumbents . we have a system which actively discourages voters and parties from taking part . “ we urgently need a fairer electoral system to give voice to the many millions of people in safe seats who are not being heard . “ predicting the winners in a majority of seats shouldn’t be possible in a truly dynamic and modern democracy . but sadly that’s exactly what we’ve been able to do . the uk needs a fair voting system to bring our politics into the 21st century and give us a parliament that actually reflects people’s wishes . ” as part of the 2010 coalition agreement , the lib dems and tories held a referendum on changing the voting system to the alternative vote , which allows voters to give their first and second choice of candidate . the winner is the first candidate to get over 50 per cent of the vote . however , in the referendum in 2011 it was roundly defeated when 67.9 per cent voted against it .