an eight-year-old boy from layton , utah , ran 33 miles just weeks before undergoing his fourth round of surgery on a malignant brain tumor . lotatoa ' lota ' ward just loves to run . even before he was first diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor - known as a mature teratoma - back in october 2014 , the young man was already running half marathons for charity , even raising $ 1,700 in september for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy . though his diagnosis meant more time in the hospital , often in order to undergo some kind of surgical procedure , the tumor did nothing to stop lota from hitting the trails . in fact , both he and his doctor say it has actually helped him through his treatments . ' i got this ! ' eight-year-old lota ward had already run several half marathons before being diagnosed with a brain tumor , and still continues to run despite his diagnosis . most recently , lota made the decision to attempt the 10th annual antelope island buffalo run just outside salt lake city , with the help of his running fanatic father . the 50-mile race was the eight-year-old 's biggest challenge yet , but he tackled it like a trained professional , completing a total of 33 miles - longer than a full marathon - before his sore feet forced him to stop . ' i like running because it helps me a lot with hard times , ' lota told runner 's world . ' it doesn’t make me feel scared going into brain surgery . ' in recovery : lota underwent his fourth brain surgery on wednesday , april 1 , and while the ward family remains optimistic , the fight is not over yet . ' i like running because it helps me a lot with hard times ' : lota 's hobby has become a source of strength for him in the face of several brain sugeries . shortly after his diagnosis last october , lota underwent two initial brain surgeries to help drain spinal fluid and to remove some of the tumor . however , due to the risk of stroke , doctor 's were unable to complete the latter . lota later went to see doctors for his three month check-up and was given devastating news : the tumor that they originally believed to be benign had grown aggressively . a subsequent biopsy lead to a new diagnosis - lota has a non-germinomatous germ-cell tumor , a malignant form of brain tumor . luckily for the ward family , the tumor was not untreatable . but lota was going to be in for a fight . as tough as things became , however , lota never stopped running . after every surgery , he would be up and walking within hours , ready to get out on the road once again . reaching the peak : lota was running before doctor 's told him of his brain tumor . he had even ran a half marathon in aid of spinal muscular atrophy . proud papa : lota 's father keith ward is also an avid runner and accompanied his son on the 50-mile race . lota 's parents were initially concerned , but their son 's neurosurgeon , who also happens to be a trial runner , set their mind at ease . ' we asked [ the doctor ] if lota’s running would affect the growth of the tumor or cause it to do mutations , and he said it doesn’t affect it at all , ' lota 's father keith told runner 's world . ' he said : `` as long as it keeps him happy and healthy , i don’t see anything wrong with it . `` ' lota is currently recovering from his fourth surgery and , according to his facebook page , already has his next helf marathon scheduled for may 30 . and though he did n't quite finish his most recent 50-mile race , the ever-positive little runner plans to take on a 100-mile race next year .