the national rifle association gathered on saturday to condemn barack obama and hillary clinton as ' elitists ' who will ' dismantle our freedoms and reshape america into an america that you and i will not even recognize ' . in the annual meeting that attracts more than 70,000 people , ceo wayne lapierre celebrated the republican majority in the u.s. senate as evidence of the group 's political clout . but he urged members to stand up against looming gun-control efforts . the motto of the convention in nashville this weekend is : ' if they can ban one , they can ban them all . ' national rifle association members hold hands during the opening prayer at the annual meeting of members at the nra convention saturday april 11 in nashville , tennessee . lapierre declared that nobody ' should be forced to face evil with bare hands ' as he called congress to permit handguns licence-carriers to carry their weapon in every state . alongside chris cox , the head of the nra 's lobbying arm , he painted a bleak picture of the state of the country and the dangers to gun rights presented by the last 650 days of obama 's presidency . ' there 's no telling how far president obama will go to dismantle our freedoms and reshape america into an america that you and i will not even recognize , ' lapierre said . ' and when he 's finished he intends to go out with a coronation of hillary rodham clinton . ' clinton is expected to announce the launch of her bid for the democratic nomination for president on sunday . cox said clinton would make obama ' look like an amateur ' when it comes to gun control . ' think about it : hillary clinton as president of the united states until 2025 , ' cox said . ' scared yet ? ' meanwhile , a few hundred nra protesters gathered in a park along the nearby cumberland river . shannon watts , the founder of moms demand action for gun sense in america , criticized what she called lapierre 's 'fear-mongering rhetoric . ' the nra 's goal , watts said , is : ' guns for anyone , anywhere , anytime - no questions asked . ' warning : wayne lapierre told the convention people must stand up against gun-control efforts . chris cox , executive director of the institute for legislative action , targeted hillary clinton 's presidential bid as he warned ' elitist ' democrats are trying to ' reshape america ' . back at the nra meeting , the group 's president , jim porter , criticized politicians and the media on gun rights , a common refrain throughout speeches at the convention . ' they think that they 're better and smarter than we are , as if they 're more sophisticated and intellectually evolved than we are , ' porter said . ' when it comes to those elitists , looking down their noses and telling us how to live , it 's time they got the message loud and clear , ' he said . ' you elitists live however your want , but when it comes to us , get your hands off our freedom and leave us the hell alone . ' on friday , the nra hosted a series of speeches from potential republican presidential candidates , including former gov . jeb bush and sen. marco rubio of florida ; govs . scott walker of wisconsin and bobby jindal of louisiana ; sen. ted cruz and former gov . rick perry of texas ; former gov . mike huckabee of arkansas ; sen. lindsey graham of south carolina ; and neurosurgeon ben carson . the nra 's cox told members on saturday that the group has a multi-pronged approach to opposing gun-control advocates . ' we 'll fight you in the courts , we 'll fight you in the legislatures and we 'll fight you on election day , ' he said .