they are already talented actresses , one a hollywood star . but now aussies rose byrne and gracie otto are about to add another string to their bow . the bridesmaids star and daughter of famed australian actor barry otto have , along with fellow actress krey boylan , film director shannon murphy and pr maven jessica carrerea , have launched their very own all female film production company called the doll house collective . byrne believes , in an age where sheryl sandberg of facebook , arianna huffington of huffington post and marissa mayer of yahoo dominating powerful positions , it 's about time they become strong , female leaders in film . dolled up : rose byrne and gracie otto have joined up in new film-making collaboration ' the doll house ' . byrne says when bridesmaids came out , people 's first reaction was to be surprised that women could be so funny . her hope down the track is that they can bring more gender equality in . ' i 'd love to get to a day when people did n't say ' wow , we did n't know women were so funny ' and we have to be like , ' what ? we 're not a group of dolphins ! ' byrne said in an interview with vogue australia . byrne believes sheryl sandberg is a pioneer for women , and said the speech she gave in a ted talk about the benefits of having women in companies was inspirational . film feminism : the five australian women want to bring a female body to the film-making industry . referencing sandberg , byrne said it is not only better for your home life , sex life and for the company to have woman in positions of power , both in terms of decision-making , collaborating or delegating . ' cate blanchett put it so beautifully in her oscar 's speech about women being consumers - women want to see women doing stunts - there is a market for that ! ' the quintet will collaborate together on films , share ideas and creative advice , and even provide financial support to each other 's projects . powerful people : rose byrne wants new production company to follow in feminist foot steps of arianna huffington ( left ) and sheryl sandberg ( right ) . the women liken it to the female equivalent of blue-tongue films , four men who have collaborated to produce a film-making company . instead of there being only one actor , one director , if they are working on a short film , they all look out for each other , says otto , so that is there hope for the doll house . according to boylan , they were all supporting each other anyway , so they thought it was time they made it official . fierce and funny : referencing bridesmaids , byrne says women can be funny and intelligent , not just dolphins . and the ball is already rolling , with byrne set to be the executive producer in boylan 's next film project ' seriously red . ' ' i 've never done anything in a producer capacity before but have long had the desire ... it can be a lonely business , especially as an actor . ' and i 'm tired of talking about how it 's lonely instead of taking the reigns and producing and creating my own work , ' said byrne . in vogue : ' the doll house collective ' girls feature in exclusive may issue of vogue australia . and with their collective talents combined , these leading australian women are a force to be reckoned with . otto says with all their own established work and contacts internationally , they will definitely be taken seriously . the full exclusive interview is available in the may issue of vogue australia , on sale tuesday 21st april . 