doctors have been accused of letting a woman die after wrongly concluding she had terminal cancer . medics told the family of margaret hesketh that there was little they could do for the 70-year-old because she was riddled with tumours , her children will claim at an inquest this week . the family claim she was then put on a discredited liverpool care pathway-style treatment for the dying – having fluid and nutrition drips removed six days before she passed away . medics told the family of margaret hesketh there was little they could do for the 70-year-old because she was riddled with tumours . but they claim a post-mortem found no sign of cancer in the grandmother-of-six , and that she died of pneumonia while malnourished . daughter karen masters , 45 , said : ‘ i want a criminal investigation . i want somebody to tell me why a 70-year-old died in this way . ’ mrs hesketh went in to the royal albert edward infirmary in wigan on october 28 last year with an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia . her medical notes reported that the former factory worker was in ‘ poor general health’ : she was a smoker who suffered from lung disease and had a heart attack 12 years ago . doctors ruled out surgery to remove pressure sores because they feared she would not survive the operation . about ten days after she was admitted a consultant summoned the family to tell them a scan had revealed cancer . a macmillan nurse allegedly told the family mrs hesketh probably had less than three months to live . mrs hesketh went in to the royal albert edward infirmary in wigan , above , on october 28 last year with an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia . on november 19 , the family say they noticed that mrs hesketh’s feeding tubes had been removed and asked for them to be put back . but , they claim , they were told it would cause unnecessary distress . she died six days later . mrs masters said : ‘ the doctors have destroyed us . we have had to sit there and watch her die , not knowing that she didn’t actually have terminal cancer . ’ hospitals were instructed to phase out the liverpool care pathway in 2013 after a review uncovered ‘heartbreaking’ cases in which patients suffered days of dehydration before their deaths . the hospital said : ‘ due to patient confidentiality , we are unable to give any more details but more information will emerge at the public inquest where a more balanced view of events will emerge . ‘ we can confirm that since july 2014 , wrightington , wigan and leigh nhs foundation trust decided to disregard the liverpool care pathway with regard to patients . ’ 