it looks , and sometimes acts , like a huge sponge floating in space . but this crumpet-like rock is in fact one of saturn 's outer moons , measuring 255 by 161 miles ( 410 by 260km ) . named hyperion , the moon 's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite . the floating bath sponge : this image shows one of saturn 's outer moons , measuring 255 by 161 miles ( 410 by 260km ) . cassini was around 38,500 miles ( 62,000 km ) from hyperion when the image was taken . hyperion is shaped like a potato and is one of the largest bodies in the solar system known to be so irregular . its odd , almost ' bubbly ' appearance , can be attributed to it having a very low density for its size , according to nasa . this low density also means that it is composed largely of water ice with only a small amount of rock . because of these properties the entire moon is porous , like a sponge , with well-preserved craters of various sizes packed together across its surface . scientists believe around 40 per cent of the moon is empty space . cassini was around 38,500 miles ( 62,000 km ) from hyperion when the image was taken almost a decade ago . esa has just released a refined , false-colour perspective of the moon in which its surface features were highlighted by toning down its natural redness . during the flyby , the probe got more than it bargained for as hyperion unleashed a burst of charged particles towards the spacecraft , effectively delivering a giant 200-volt electric shock . it appears that hyperion 's surface becomes electrostatically charged as it is bathed in charged particles . these particles are constantly streaming out into space from the sun , but hyperion also has to deal with ones trapped within the magnetic field of its host planet , saturn . while astronomers expected many bodies throughout the solar system to be charged , the cassini data represents the first-ever experience of a charged natural object in space other than our moon . ' this is comparable to what happens when you rub your hair against a balloon , or when a shirt or blouse rubs against a sweater , ' said professor tom nordheim at university college london . hyperion is shaped like a potato and is one of the largest bodies in the solar system known to be so irregular . its odd , almost ' bubbly ' appearance , can be attributed to it having a very low density for its size . ' the large difference in potential between the surface and the spacecraft resulted in a flow of electrons being accelerated from hyperion toward cassini . hyperion is shaped like a potato and is one of the largest bodies in the solar system known to be so irregular . its odd , almost ' bubbly ' appearance , can be attributed to it having a very low density for its size . because of these properties the entire moon is porous , like a sponge , with well-preserved craters of various sizes packed together across its surface . scientists think that this moon is mostly made up of water ice , with small amounts of rock , and around 40 per cent of it is empty space . during the flyby , cassini got more than it bargained for as hyperion unleashed a burst of charged particles towards the spacecraft , effectively delivering a giant 200-volt electric shock ( artist 's impression pictured ) .