this was tricky for steve cotterill . he did not want to do bristol city down but at the same time felt the truth ought to be laid bare . the eight-second pause was revealing in its length as a delicate topic reared its head . where exactly would this club — now on the brink of the championship — be without their billionaire owner steve lansdown ? cotterill looked down at his feet , searching for the right answer . ‘ i don’t quite know , ’ he said , head shaking . it isn’t worth thinking about . he is aware that they’d be nowhere near a win away from league one promotion , potentially ending the season as champions and enjoying a spectacularly redeveloped ashton gate . steve cotteril has taken bristol city to the brink of a championship return after two seasons in league one . city have already won silverware this season in the shape of a johnstone 's paint trophy win last month . ‘ there are a lot of big clubs in league one , two and the conference with good support . you only have to look at bristol rovers and the crowds they get in the conference , ’ cotterill added after his side’s 1-1 draw at second-placed preston . the inference was obvious . ‘we’re on the verge of the championship and that’s only down to steve and his investment and what he’s doing at the ground . ’ lansdown , who made his fortune from financial services , is a rare breed in english football , unwavering in ploughing his own fortune into the club through love and nothing else . it hasn’t always been rosy . that strategy was downright naive when they chased the premier league dream and racked up astonishing debts in doing so . dean windass’s memorable winner for hull city in the 2008 championship play-off final might have cost bristol city far more than just missing out on top-flight riches . if lansdown hadn’t changed his approach they could have folded . dean windass hit the only goal of the game as hull were promoted at the expense of the robins . those mistakes — over-paying for decent but not exceptional players — meant the owner had to write off an eye-watering £35million worth of debt last year . the age of financial fair play dictates they must live within their means . lansdown is far more pragmatic with money nowadays , even though cotterill was allowed to spend £1.65m on four players last summer . they later sold striker sam baldock to brighton for £2m and the squad is among the smallest in all four divisions . quality , not quantity . ‘ i ain’t quite sure we bought the division , ’ cotterill added . ‘ we pay all these over a period of time , over a couple of years . ‘ we will still potentially need to up our budget from where we are [ next season ] . i wouldn’t mind betting that preston have got a bigger budget than us . i’m not saying that to put any pressure on anybody , all i’m saying is that their squad’s bigger than ours and i know their players . probably sheffield united as well . ’ aaron wilbraham celebrates his goal at preston which kept city 's eight-point lead at the top of league one . bristol city will become the first football league club to clinch promotion this year should they beat bradford at valley parade on tuesday , in turn ending a two-year absence from the championship . they have been staying in a preston hotel ahead of the trip across the pennines , training at burnley today and utilising cotterill’s contacts . ‘ i was at burnley for nearly four years , ’ he added . ‘ i should be allowed to train on the pitch that i built ! we sold robbie blake [ to birmingham city for more than £1m in 2004 ] and built a new pitch . i will take credit for that . ’ what he won’t take credit for is city’s rise back where they belong . that’s reserved for one fanatic with very deep pockets . owner steve lansdown ( right ) has backed bristol city to the hilt with his own personal fortune .