this is the moment a college athlete 's victory turned to ashes in his hands after he slowed down to celebrate his win and got overtaken . tanguy pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon , who competes for the university of washington . but at a track meet saturday in eugene , oregon , a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy , with less than 100m to go . tanguy pepiot celebrated his victory ( left ) before missing out to his rival on the finishing line ( right ) . pepiot ( right ) is pictured raising his hands to excite the crowd - as meron simon ( left ) tears toward him . the gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum , opening the way for simon to speed towards the finish line , and beat him by a tenth of a second . the home crowd roared as simon powered ahead - seemingly in an attempt to warn french-born pepiot . but the warning came too late , and simon flashed past , leaving pepiot , who is in his senior year , to collapse , defeated . simon 's time , 8:57.86 , exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds . speaking to the eugene register-guard after the contest , a newly-victorious simon said : ' i thought he had me . simon edges past meriot as the pair approach the line , eventually beating him by a tenth of a second . after celebrating his triumph , simon headed back to help pepiot up after he collapsed to the ground in defeat . ' i thought he was just so far ahead . then i heard the crowd get crazy , and he started throwing his hands up . ' i was like , `` i don’t think he knows i’m coming '' . i just went to the line and just raced . ' after a justified victory celebration of his own , simon doubled back to console his close rival . not long after , a defeated pepiot told columnist austin meek : ' i think it was the first time it happened to me . i 'll make sure it 's the last time . ' meron ( left ) ran his best ever time in the 3,000m steeplechase , while pepiot has pledged not to get cocky again .