officer michael slager has received a visit from his mother and pregnant wife in prison for the first time since he was charged with fatally shooting walter scott . slager , 33 , is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in charleston county jail without the entire cell block being cleared first , according to his lawyer . but on friday , his wife jamie , who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant , and his mother karen sharpe were allowed to speak to him . on tuesday , slager was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old scott last weekend . scroll down for video . visit : michael slager received a visit at charleston county jail on friday from his pregnant wife and mom . due date soon : jamie slager ( right ) is eight-and-a-half months pregnant . his mom karen ( left ) is ' anxious ' . shock : karen told cbs she is still in shock as her son is in isolation for fear prisoners will try to kill him . dash cam footage reveals he stopped the father-of-four u.s. army veteran over a broken tail light in north charleston , south carolina , on saturday . when scott fled - allegedly fearing reprimand for not paying child support - slager followed , and shot him in the back . his attorney andy savage told cbs that slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at charleston county jail . he said that when he met slager on wednesday for 60 minutes , that it took an hour and 45 minutes to move the north charleston police officer to the meeting place because they had to clear all of the cell blocks . a jail staff member told the new york daily news : ' he wouldn’t last one week in the general population . everyone inside is talking about it . of course people want to get at him . ' patrolman michael slager , 33 , is charged with murder after shooting walter scott , 50 , after stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston , south carolina , on saturday . pictured : slager and an unknown woman . slager pictured with two women who have not been identified . his attorney andy savage told cbs that slager is housed in a room with one window and does not interact with other detainees at charleston county jail . karen sharpe ( above ) mother of north charleston officer michael slager , defended her son in an interview . killing : walter scott , left , was killed by michael slager , right . scott was in the coast guard for two years , and is pictured left in uniform . slager is being held in jail on murder charges , pictured right in his prison mugshot . cbs reports slager 's mother is expected to visit her son friday for the first time since the shooting . she has defended her son in an interview , saying she can not believe that he would do anything like what he 's accused of . she also revealed that his wife , who is eight months pregnant , is devastated . ms sharpe said that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting . she also expressed her sympathy for walter scott 's family , the man her son shot dead . i just ca n't , ' sharpe told abc news . ' maybe to some people , ' well , you 're being in denial , ' but i 'm sorry i just ca n't . i just - i know how michael is . ' she went on to say her son loved being an officer . ' i ca n't imagine him doing something , it 's just not like him , ' she said of the shooting . ' that 's just not his character . it 's not . ' on friday it was revealed that no warrant had been issued for walter scott 's arrest when he ran from officer michael slager moments before he was shot dead , it has been revealed . court records show he was $ 7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments . his family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he tried to flee during the deadly traffic stop . but there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge , despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012 . escape : dashcam footage released on thursday shows walter scott running away from his car minutes before he is shot dead by officer michael sager . his family believed he fled over fears he would be arrested for being behind on child support payments . history : scott had already been jailed three times over missed payments , but court records have revealed there was no warrant out for his arrest when he was pulled over . minutes later he was shot dead . in 2008 , after a traffic stop in which he was charged with an open-container violation and driving under suspension , he was sent to jail in charleston for six months for failing to pay about $ 6,800 . in 2011 , bench warrants ordered deputies to bring him in , and scott spent a night in jail when he was $ 7,500 behind . in 2012 , he spent another night in jail when he owed $ 3,500 . on thursday a police dashboard camera video released thursday shows scott bolting from his mercedes after he pulled over . the camera on slager 's patrol car captures him telling scott his third brake light is broken , before asking him to produce insurance papers . scott , who appears to be accompanied by a person in the passenger seat , explains he does not have any documents as he has yet to officially buy the car . ' i have n't bought it yet , i 'm about to do that monday ... . my car is down , ' he says . horrifying : scott was gunned down as he ran away from sager , who has since been charged with his murder . the officer appears calm , checks his licence , then tells him : ' i 'll be right back with you . ' when slager returns to his vehicle , scott flees , running towards the park where he would die moments later . off camera , a scuffle can be heard , with shouts of ' taser , taser , taser ! ' and ' get on the ground ! ' slager 's account has been called into question after a shocking video taken by a witness shows the officer shooting scott in the back . in the dash cam footage , captured from slager 's patrol car , the officer explains , ' the reason i 've pulled you over is because your third brakelight is out . ' the conversation is muffled , with music playing in slager 's car obscuring the sound . he can be heard asking scott for his licence , registration and insurance card . scott responds that he does n't have papers as he has not yet to bought the car . ' alright let me see your licence , ' slager replies . ' so you do n't have any papers in the glove pocket ? ' scott repeats that he does not and he is paying for the car on monday . slager returns to his car . a minute later , scott opens the door , and gestures to slager , who shouts , ' you 've got to stay in the car ! ' scott then sits back inside the car - and moments later flees . the only other footage of the incident shows the moment scott was shot . released earlier this week , it begins in the vacant lot apparently moments after slager fires his taser . wires which administer the electrical current appear to be extending from scott 's body . as scott turns to run , slager draws his pistol and , only when he is 15 to 20 feet away , starts to fire the first of the eight shots at his back . the video shows slager handcuffing scott 's lifeless body .