a terminally-ill landlord whose dying wish was to marry his partner of 26 years saw their special day descend into farce after a series of blunders . geoff haigh , 61 , from oldham , greater manchester , wanted to marry his long-term partner heather after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer and the pair settled on a venue close to their home . but , instead of having the magical day they had planned , the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly . guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 10 times while it played over and over , and the couple were left with three marriage certificates after officials got crucial details wrong on the first two . geoff haigh , 61 , from oldham , greater manchester , wanted to marry his long-term partner heather , 54 , after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer but the couple 's special day ( pictured ) was full of blunders . guests at the couple 's ( pictured ) wedding were forced to listen to the song ' wonderful life ' 10 times in a row due to a blunder and their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on , rendering it invalid . mr haigh , who died weeks after the ceremony in november last year , was left so devastated by the day that he told his wife that he felt like he 'd let her down . in fact , the day was so full of blunders that all 11 guests wrote a separate letter of complaint to manchester register office , which is based at heron house in the city centre , where the pair said their vows . mrs haigh , 54 , said : ' geoff was heartbroken by it all . he kept apologising to me and saying he 'd wished we 'd got married years earlier and done it properly . ' he was devastated , as the way he saw it , this was his final gesture for me and it had been ruined by their thoughtlessness . ' the couple had initially dreamed of getting married abroad once mr haigh discovered his advanced pancreatic cancer was terminal . however , the landlord of the ram 's head pub , in oldham , was distraught to discover that his tumour was too large for him to fly safely . the pair then settled upon the manchester venue as it was not too far from their home . it took three people two hours to get mr haigh ready for his big day and , determined to make the day perfect for his bride-to-be , he battled through pain to make it to the venue . mrs haigh , 54 , said every guest at the ceremony - held in november last year in manchester - wrote a letter of complaint . she has three marriage certificates ( pictured ) as the first two were riddled with errors . the couple had an examiner testing the registrar doing their ceremony ( pictured ) and were given an invalid marriage certificate as it featured the wrong date . an amended version posted later was full spelling errors . however , it was upon their arrival at the venue that the catalogue of errors began . they said they found the register office dirty and claimed they were forced to wipe dirt from the seats before they sat down . then they noticed a woman sat at the back as they said their vows , which turned out to be an examiner testing the registrar . mrs haigh , a mother of three , said : ' there was some random woman sat at the back who none of us knew and it was only after i asked i was told she was assessing the registrar to see how she did on the day . geoff haigh and his wife heather endured a catalogue of blunders during their wedding day . ' it felt like they were merely using us a practice go , like our special day was not the real thing or of any importance to them . ' after the bride and groom said their vows , guests were left on their own to the sound of their bridal music ' wonderful life ' while the registrar went out of the room . unbelievably , almost half an hour passed before she returned and the song played 10 times over before mrs haigh was compelled to take action . she said : ' everyone was groaning when the song kept coming back on . we could n't believe it . ' it had been a special song for us but it is definitely tainted by that day now . ' after the ceremony , as they went off to enjoy their wedding reception at city centre restaurant san carlos , the couple were informed that they would have to return to the register office as officials had logged the wrong date on their marriage certificate . they were instructed to go back to the venue to have the gaffe corrected , otherwise their marriage was invalid . mrs haigh told officials that her husband was too ill and could barely walk so they would have to post the amended certificate instead . however , when the second certificate arrived in the post , it was addressed to mrs haigh in her maiden name ' taylor ' and included spelling errors on the document . a third certificate then had to be posted out to the couple . mr haigh ( above ) passed away in january this year , just weeks after his wedding to long-term partner heather . the couple decided they wanted to get married when he was diagnosed as terminal late last year . mrs haigh ( left ) said her new husband ( right ) was left devastated by the series of blunders and said he felt like he had let her down . she has received £137 from the manchester register office following the calamity day . mrs haigh said : ' it felt like they did n't recognise we were married and that really hurt geoff before he died . ' it made if feel like the whole thing did n't happen , like it meant nothing at all . it was devastating . ' the guests were all in tears for us . they were all absolutely disgusted and no one could believe the day could have gone so atrociously . ' the newlyweds were offered a £137 refund but mrs haigh said they were told by the register office that there was not a significant enough ' loss ' to warrant compensation . she said : ' it was n't about the money , but to say there was no loss ignores the emotional cost it took on my husband . ' it was the arrogance and flippant attitude that hurt even more . they said `` we all make mistakes and we are only human '' . ' that 's fine when you make mistakes in a restaurant with someone 's food but when you are dealing with a terminally ill man 's dying wish and the most special day of our lives , that attitude is not acceptable . ' the wedding day was so full of blunders that all 11 guests wrote a separate letter of complaint to manchester register office , which is based at heron house ( pictured ) in the city centre , where the pair said their vows . the family has since received an apology from manchester city council , which runs the register office based at heron house . a spokesman said : ' i 'd like to offer our sincerest apologies to mrs taylor as the ceremony did not meet her expectations . ' these types of problems are thankfully exceptionally rare and our registry staff are incredibly conscientious . they understand that they play a vital role in the most important day of a couple 's life and would never knowingly do anything to spoil or delay a wedding . ' however , tragically , mr haigh died on january 4 this year before receiving the apology . his wife added : ' geoff was determined not to die over christmas because he said it would ruin it for everyone after he was gone for years to come , and he did n't want that for us . the energy it took from him to hang on , i could n't believe . '