harry kane hailed an unforgettable week after taking his england bow and becoming the youngest captain in the premier league this season - but he will want to erase the memory of tottenham 's goalless draw at burnley . kane , 21 , was chosen as spurs captain after a week which has also seen him score on his england debut and make his first start for the national team . it was a frustrating end to the week for kane however as spurs struggled to make an impact against a hard-working burnley side who earned a precious point in their battle to avoid relegation . harry kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the ‘ best week of my life’ after captaining tottenham . that came after he scored within seconds of his england debut against lithuania on march 27 at wembley . kane said : ' you could say it has been the best week of my life - to score , to make my first start and score for england , and to be captain today . it has been an unbelievable couple of weeks and one i wo n't forget for the rest of my career . ' tottenham boss mauricio pochettino admitted a top-four place may be beyond his side as they are seven points off fourth-placed manchester city - who play crystal palace on monday night - with a vastly inferior goal difference . pochettino said : ' it is difficult but we have seven games , we will try . it is true that it is not easy . this game was a very tough game and we need to try to win the most points possible in the next seven games . ' the way burnley play it is difficult , because always there is long balls into the box . they are a very aggressive team and run a lot . it is difficult to find space to play . ' we played better in the second half and we made some chances but it was not enough to score . three weeks ago manchester city lost here . it is not an excuse but it is a very , very difficult team . ' tottenham coach mauricio pochettino still believes they can catch manchester city and finish fourth . the goalless draw at burnley left tottenham down in sixth , some seven points adrift of man city . at just 21 years and 251 days , the tottenham striker led out his side for the first time in draw with burnley . kane could not find a way to break the deadlock for tottenham in their 0-0 draw at turf moor on sunday . pochettino confirmed kyle walker , who limped off , has a sprain but said it was ' not a big issue ' . burnley manager sean dyche claimed the clarets had the better of the match and rued a gilt-edged chance missed by danny ings , who shot straight at michel vorm when it seemed easier to score . he said : ' i think we edged the game , but there was not a lot in it . ' we kept the tempo high and kept pressing high . danny has had a great chance and it was unlike him not to put it away , he almost hit it too cleanly . ' having said that we are pleased to get another clean sheet against a top side . ' dyche picked out ashley barnes for special praise but said the whole of his team had performed well against a spurs side boasting four england players . the burnley boss also said he was not too concerned by their struggles to find the net - they have only scored once in five games . he added : ' i prefer to look at it as two clean sheets in the last three games against some fantastic sides . ' kane ( left ) watches his header find the net against lithuania and it earned him a start against italy . sean dyche believed burnley might have taken all three points from the match . dyche praised the performance of ashley barnes , seen here shooting under pressure from eric dier . 