a one-year-old boy who was shot and killed by another toddler who picked up and fired a loaded gun has been pictured . braylon robinson was playing at a house in cleveland , ohio , on sunday when another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger . the bullet struck the baby boy in the face . minutes later , he was rushed to an area hospital , where he was later pronounced dead . it is unclear whether the infant was related to the older boy . now , investigators are apparently trying to determine where the gun came from - and the identity of the person responsible for bringing it into the house and leaving it within the toddler 's reach . scroll down for video . horrifying : braylon robinson was killed while playing at a house in cleveland , ohio . another three-tear-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger . tragic : a three-year-old boy has shot dead a one-year-old baby after picking up a gun that had been left unattended in a cleveland , ohio , home , police said on sunday night . above , police outside the property . cousin trashawn robinson told nbc on monday the family has been torn apart by the youngster 's death . he said the boy was ' always smiling ' and ' kept everyone happy ' . ' he did n't even make it to the hospital , ' he said . ' everybody loved braylon . ' speaking to cleveland.com , cleveland police chief calvin williams said that this person will likely face charges in relation to the shooting , which has shocked residents across the city 's east side . ' it 's a sad day for cleveland , williams told reporters outside the home . ' this fascination that we have with handguns , not just in this city but in this country , has to stop . this is a senseless loss of life . ' he added : ' currently we 're investigating where this firearm came from . we 're also investigating how this tragedy actually happened . a three-year-old ca n't be held accountable for a tragedy like this . ' there have to be adults that either supplied the weapons , had charge of the weapons or knew the weapons were there and did n't do anything to safeguard them . ' investigation : the child , who has not been identified , fired the weapon after discovering it inside the house in east 63rd street , where s at least one adult were reportedly staying . above , investigators inspect the scene . police chief : cleveland police chief calvin williams ( pictured ) said that the person responsible for leaving the gun attended will likely face charges in relation to the shooting , which has shocked residents in the city . on sunday afternoon , when the shooting occurred , the baby 's mother could be heard screaming on the back porch after learning of the death of her son , who was later named as braylon robinson . cleveland emergency medical service capt . michael threat told abc the infant had been shot in the face . throughout the afternoon , emergency crews were seen entering and exiting the home . neighbors said that the mother lived in the house with at least three small children . ' they were really nice , ' next-door neighbor larry simpson said , adding : ' it 's a shame this had to happen . ' another neighbor told fox : ' i was lost for words . it 's sad . why is there a gun in the house ? ' the toddler 's parents ' names were not released immediately . an investigation is ongoing . disaster : on sunday afternoon , when the shooting occurred , the baby 's mother could be heard screaming on the back porch after learning of the death of her son . above , two family friends rush to the aid of the mother . shocked : one neighbor ( pictured ) said : ' i was lost for words . it 's sad ... . why is there a gun in the house ? '