mauricio pochettino might have given up hope of qualifying for the champions league , but harry kane won’t hear any of it . the 21-year-old , who became the youngest premier league captain this season during the drab goalless draw against burnley on easter sunday , still retains belief they can gatecrash the top-four party . spurs are now seven points behind manchester city , who play crystal palace on monday night , with just seven games remaining . harry kane believes tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the champions league this season . it looks a tall order , but kane - who hailed his last few days as the ‘ best week of my life’ - thinks they can make it . ' it 's going to be tricky , we 're quite a few points behind now , ’ kane said . ' but in this league you never know . we 've got winnable games coming up and we focus on them . ‘ we take each game as it comes and see where that takes us . we start on saturday [ at home against aston villa ] . ’ kane has 29 club goals under pochettino this season and is the main reason tottenham have lasted the pace until now . kane could not find a way to break the deadlock for tottenham in their 0-0 draw at turf moor on sunday . throwing him the armband was a move bourne out of necessity by the manager , and it was something he relished . ' it 's a real honour , a very proud moment for myself to lead the side out , ’ kane added . ‘ it 's very special for me . hopefully there is more to come in the years to come . ' we 've got a lot of leaders in the team . it 's a very young team and everyone has their say . to be given the armband by the gaffer is a proud moment . but there are a lot of captains out there and we all try and work to the same aim . ’ at just 21 years and 251 days , the tottenham striker led out his side for the first time in draw with burnley . he and burnley’s danny ings are also working to the same aim - bidding to work their way into the thoughts of england manager roy hodgson ahead of next summer’s european championships in france . both will be handed spots in gareth southgate’s squad for the under 21 euros at the end of this season . kane hopes their partnership can be one replicated for the seniors in years to come . kane and burnley striker danny ings will both be handed spots in gareth southgate 's under 21 euros squad . ‘ turin was a great experience , ’ he said . ‘ to get my first start for england is another proud moment for me . it was tough and i can only learn from those sort of games . ‘danny’s a great player . i know him well from the under 21s . he scores goals and his movement 's great . he 's a prospect for english football . there are a lot of great english strikers here at the moment , which is good for the country . ' there 's competition . we 've all got to work hard to retain our place . ‘ we 've both got to keep working hard , as do the other strikers who are trying to get a place . we 'll see what happens . ’