if rory mcilroy succeeds in his bid to complete a career grand slam by winning the forthcoming masters , it will complete a life-long journey for the world 's best golfer . in conjunction with his sponsor bose , mcilroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world - plus a few low points along the way . the video begins with mcilroy embarking on a jog at the crack of dawn as the tagline ' six weeks to georgia ' appears on the screen . the video features an interview with rory mcilroy as a youngster before he became a golfing superstar . old footage of mcilroy honing his golfing skills in his parent 's living room feature during the video . mcilroy walks away after he threw his club into the lake at the wgc-cadillac championship in march . ' dad took me out into the course and made me hit a couple of shots and that 's how i got into golf , ' says a young mcilroy at the beginning of the feature . the moments of triumph are not the only events covered in the video as mcilroy 's implosion at the wgc cadillac championship when he threw his 3-iron in the lake out of sheer frustration is also touched upon . ' there 's always going to be highs and lows , ' says the northern irishman . ' there 's been low points in my professional career . i think everybody goes through that at some part of their life where they 're not quite comfortable with who they are and they 're trying to figure themselves out . mcilroy gets through some tough gym work as he steps up his preparations for augusta . ' i 've never been a perfectionist , but i 've always wanted to be the best that i can be , ' mcilroy states . the northern irishman heads to augusta hoping to complete a full set of major titles . ' i guess you just have to go back to the drawing board . it 's just about figuring out what you need to do to put yourself back on the right track . ' mcilroy 's grueling training regime has been well documented with the video showcasing the holywood native hard at work in the gym as he steps up his preparations for the big one in augusta on april 9 . ' i had this vision and this dream of trying to become the best player in the world and i just wanted to do everything i could to try and achieve that . mcilroy hits the road as the world no 1 steps up his training ahead of the 2015 masters on april 9 . ' i 've never been a perfectionist , but i 've always wanted to be the best that i can be . ' ' people did n't think that i worked as hard as i did . they think that it 's mostly natural talent . they do n't see the hard work that goes in behind it to be able to achieve these things . ' he continues : ' i try to not talk about the masters . people have been bringing it up since last year . it sort of means more this year because it 's the only one that i have n't won . ' but , it 's just another golf tournament . it can only distract from what you 're trying to do which is to just go out and play as best as you can . ' ' i think once you achieve something , you need to reset your goals . that 's what gives you the motivation to keep coming back and keep practicing and keep trying to get better . ' 