a moment of madness from england hooker tom youngs handed saracens victory but the second-placed londoners were frustrated by their failure to earn a four-try bonus . with leicester 6-0 up after 37 minutes , youngs was sin-binned for a barge on chris ashton , who had passed the ball to richard wigglesworth and as he tried to return the favour tigers matt smith grabbed it . ashton was nowhere near getting the ball , which made youngs ' action even more senseless . saracens scored two tries with him off and the game was as good over at 14-6 when he came back . saracens winger chris wyles crashes over a try despite the attention of freddie burns ( left ) and tom youngs . sarries no 8 billy vunipola makes a trademark bullocking run into the heart of the tigers defence . tigers director of rugby richard cockerill said : ' if you block a bloke you are going to get penalised and probably go to the bin . ' it is cynical and it was a moment of madness but he does a lot of good things for us . i was disappointed with our discipline because you ca n't do that . it gets you in trouble and it did today . ' billy vunipola scored after youngs ' exit and marcelo bosch scored after the break . after youngs came back , chris wyles went over for a third after some shocking defence and with more than half-an-hour left saracens should have earned a bonus point . saracens and england lock george kruis makes a bust through the leicester midfield . tigers full back mathew tait tries to offload following a crunching hit from saracens substitute scott spurling . with vunipola in rampaging form christmas and ashton lively again they were odds-on to do it but they spent the time defending , marshalled by brad barritt , and failed to score a fourth try yet again – which could come back to haunt them in the end-of-season play-offs . director of rugby mark mccall said : ' there is frustration in the dressing room because we scored our third try after 48 minutes and not much happened after that . ' we have scored three tries in nine different premiership games and those bonus points could be crucial in terms of home semi-finals . ' saracens fly half charlie hodgson attempts a conversion from the sideline at allianz park . 