the fbi have recovered one of the gold bars stolen in a $ 5 million armored truck robbery in north carolina last month . investigators say the location the bar was found - somewhere in south florida - has provided them with a big break in the case . ' this confirms that there is a south florida nexus to this , ' justin e. fleck , supervisory special agent of the squad leading the investigation , told abc news . ' we believe that additional gold bars from the robbery may still be in south florida and we continue to need the public’s help in solving this crime . ' the highway heist occurred on march 1 in wilson county , almost halfway into the truck 's journey from miami to boston . police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the 18-wheeler truck - owned by transport company transvalue - pulled over when one of the two armed guards on board ' felt sick ' . big break : the fbi say they recovered this 26-pound gold bar - worth up to $ 500,000 - somewhere in south florida , which has provided a big break in their investigation into last month 's highway heist in north carolina . the guards said that after the vehicle stopped they were approached by three armed men driving a white van who ordered them to lay on the ground . the men spoke in spanish and said they were ' policia . ' the trio tied the guards ' hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods before taking 275lbs of gold . the gold totaled $ 4.8 million , but the truck was carrying about $ 10 million worth of metal , so the thieves left half the load - mostly silver - behind . suspects : police previously shared sketches of the suspects thought to be male and possibly hispanic who allegedly bound the hands of the driver and the passenger . there are three suspects altogether . white van : two security guards working for transvalue inc of miami were reportedly approached by three armed men driving a white van , pictured here , after pulling over on the interstate . wilson county sheriff calvin woodard jr. admitted last month the story was suspicious . ' there is suspicion at this time that this could be an inside job due to the circumstances of the robbery , ' a wilson county sheriff 's office detective wrote in a search warrant obtained by abc . ' the fact that the truck was robbed immediately upon it pulling over at an unannounced stop is suspicious in and of itself , ' the document added . ' it is also suspicious because there are no markings on the side of the truck that would indicate the type of cargo contained therein . ' the suspects also went directly to the trailer and found the gold which was in unmarked five gallon buckets . it is not believed that this is a random act due to the nature and facts of this robbery . ' police are now seeking a search warrant for the phones of the armed guard who felt sick because of the suspicious nature of the case . search : armed robbers are suspected of stealing $ 5 million in gold from an 18-wheeler taking the precious from florida to massachusetts on interstate 95 . above , deputies investigate a wooded area near the road . location : the men ' ordered the guards to lie on the ground , tied their hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods , before taking 275lbs gold ' . cone : this photo is of a traffic cone that was positioned behind the truck as suspects allegedly removed gold from the vehicle after breaking a lock on the back . investigation : wilson county sheriff calvin woodard jr , pictured , said that differing stories from the guards about the armed robbery had led to suspicions over their accounts of the heist . woodard shared sketches of the three suspects who allegedly bound the hands of the driver and the passenger . meanwhile , a photo was shown of a traffic cone that was positioned behind the truck as suspects allegedly removed gold from the vehicle after breaking a lock on the back . the traffic cone had the marking of a company that only does work in florida , according to abc . woodard said the driver and the passenger , who speak little english , are not suspects , but both men have been interviewed separately several times by police . he added that the driver and the passenger did violate their company’s policies by exiting the vehicle without their firearms and leaving the firearms inside the truck . wilson county sheriff 's deputies investigate an area near interstate 95 in wilson , north carolina , on monday . investigation : the federal bureau of investigation has joined in the search for the robbers , thought to be male and possibly hispanic . neither of the guards was injured during the ' very rare incident ' , transvalue said . a reported 275lbs of gold were stolen and silver was also being carried in the truck , which was stopped near mile marker 114 on the highway . locks on the back of the truck were sawed off , according to witn . the federal bureau of investigation has joined in the search for the robbers , thought to be male and possibly hispanic . the metal was owned by republic metals corporation in opalocka , florida , according to a search warrant . transvalue , which specializes in transporting valuable goods and money between financial centers , keeps goods they move insured for up to $ 100 million . a $ 50,000 reward is on offer for information leading to an arrest . shortly after the heist confused drivers told 911 dispatchers that they saw uniformed drivers run into the north carolina highway with their hands bound , motioning for help , according to recordings .