the widow of a cardiac surgeon shot dead at a boston hospital by his patient 's son has given birth to their fourth child , a baby girl , less than three months after the doctor 's slaying . brigham and women 's hospital announced monday that mikaela jane davidson was born april 4 . mikaela 's father , dr. michael davidson , was killed at the hospital january 20 , leaving behind his wife , dr. terri halperin , daughters kate , 10 , live , 8 , and their 2-year-old son , graham . scroll down for video . new life : mikaela jane davidson was welcomed into the world april 4 , less than three months after her father , boston heart surgeon dr michael davidson , was shot dead by a deceased patient 's son . heartbroken : dr. terri halperin ( left ) , a mother of fourth , said in a statement her late husband , dr michael davidson ( right ) , was looking forward to meeting his new baby daughter . ' michael was very much looking forward to the birth of this beautiful baby girl , ' halperin said in a statement released through the hospital . ' at a time when my children and i are completely heartbroken over the loss of michael , we are finding joy in mikaela 's arrival . ' the hospital said the mother and baby mikaela , who was named after her father , were both doing well . a beloved surgeon who was targeted and fatally shot by gunman at a boston hospital on tuesday was expecting his fourth child with his wife , who is seven months pregnant , it has emerged . dr davidson , 44 , from wellesley , massachusetts , was shot by stephen pasceri , 55 , on the morning of january 20 and passed away late that evening . pasceri 's relatives suggested that he was angry over the death of his mother , whom dr davidson had treated . vendetta : accountant stephen pasceri ( left and right ) opened fire on davidson at boston 's brigham and women 's hospital january 20 . the doctor died and pasceri , a father of four , took his own life after the shooting . ' you all should be absolutely assured that michael davidson was one of the kindest , best possible men that ever walked on this earth , ' colleague dr. andrew eisenhauer said at the time , abc news reported . ' we knew that and his patients knew that and his family knows that . ' the gunman , an accountant and married father-of-four , had walked into the heart center and asked for dr davidson , before shooting him twice and taking his own life in a separate room . in the days after the tragedy , davidson 's father-in-law told the boston herald how the doctor had yelled for patients and staff to flee before he was shot . ' he was a hero - he told everybody to get out , ' he said . ' he started yelling , `` get out . get out . '' he knew it was coming . ' he recalled how much he cared for his patients , and added : ' he loved his family . he loved his kids . he loved my daughter to death . ' a fund has been set up for the family here . left behind : davidson and his wife terri , pictured , have two daughters , seven and nine , and a son , two . she was seven months pregnant with their fourth child at the time of the shooting . mourning : brigham and women 's hospital doctors , from the left , charles morris , andrew eisenhauer , daniel wiener and pinak shah appear emotional as they face members of the media to speak about davidson . pasceri 's family have said they ca n't understand why he snapped , but they believe he could have been wanting to enact revenge on dr. davidson after his mother , marguerite , died last fall . davidson had treated marguerite pasceri for a cardiovascular condition during her stay at brigham and women 's last year . she died on november 15 , 2014 . pasceri , who was licensed to carry a firearm , may have also been holding a vendetta because of the health care his father greg received during a fatal hear attack in december 2011 . the worcester telegram reported that in 2012 , pasceri became so furious that his mother had been left with a $ 8,000 medical bill , he wrote to senator john kerry and us rep. james mcgovern to demand an investigation . however , the newspaper noted that the pasceri family had no issue with the level of care received by their father at massachusetts general hospital . pasceri 's sister said she was stunned that her brother had attacked the doctor . blame game : marguerite e. ( olofson ) pasceri passed away on november 15 , 2014 and it is thought that her son and executor , stephen pasceri blamed dr. davidson at brigham and women 's hospital for her passing . heartbroken : administrators and staff at a leading boston hospital are mourning the death of a cardiac surgeon who was fatally shot at the hospital by a man who then killed himself . sadness : the hospital 's logo flag was lowered to half-staff during a wednesday ceremony to honor davidson . ' everything seemed to be going really well . i have no idea why he snapped like this , ' said marguerite jolym , according to the boston herald . according to joly , her brother ' deeply loved ' his mother and said her ' warm , compassionate , generous and understanding personality was a gift and example to the world ' . ' i think it comes down to the fact that my brother thought it was the doctor 's fault that my mother died , ' joly said . ' i do n't know why my brother would blame him . i really do n't know why . ' according to the boston herald , pasceri worked as an accountant for waters corp , which is based in milford . marguerite joly said her brother served in the military for a time and was honorably discharged and was a married father of four . ' we ca n't even wrap our brains around this , ' she said . ' there was no indication whatsoever that he would ever do anything like this ... all his ducks were in a row , ' she said . ' this was not a bad , evil man . something happened , and i do n't know what . ' response : boston police superintendent-in-chief william gross , ( center left ) , walks through a revolving door as he departs the shapiro building at brigham and women 's hospital on tuesday after the shooting . evacuation : medical personnel walk past law enforcement officials , ( right ) , as they depart the shapiro building after the cardiologist was shot . multiple agencies : the fbi , boston police department and the atf all arrived at the hospital after the incident on tuesday morning . boston police commissioner william evans said officers conducting a room-by-room search found the gunman dead in an exam room with the weapon . shortly after the shooting , one witness said that the shapiro building had been placed on lockdown and dozens of emergency vehicles had arrived on the scene . ' once we were clear of the waiting room , there were police officers with their weapons drawn yelling , ' get down ! get down , '' said one man to wcvb . boston mayor martin j. walsh said he was ' deeply saddened ' by davidson 's death . ' this tragedy is the result of a senseless act of violence that has no place in our city , ' he said in a statement a day after the shooting . hospital employees are well-drilled for the nightmare scenario of a shooter inside the building . in november 2013 , doctors and nurses and other staff at the world-famous institution underwent training for an active shooter situation and viewed a video for a so-called ' code silver ' event . 