a family is fearing for a missing colorado father of five who was last seen nearly two weeks ago while making a purchase of more than $ 350 at a southern california walmart . oliver pareece jones , 37 , was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the four points sheraton hotel on april 5 at 6.26am . he then withdrew $ 800 in cash out of a cash point before making a stop at a walmart in rancho cucamonga , teresa mcmahon , spokeswoman for the san bernardino county sheriff’s department told daily mail online . jones then was seen in surveillance footage at the walmart on foothill boulevard around 8.45am where he purchased items including clothes , a radio , backpack and camping gear , according to mcmahon . after he left the store , he withdrew another $ 100 in cash , she told daily mail online . jones , who owns a pecan business in chihuahua , mexico , has not been heard from since . scroll down for video . oliver pareece jones ( pictured left and right ) , 37 , was last seen at a walmart on foothill boulevard on april 5 around 8.45am . the father of five from colorado was visiting california after traveling from las vegas . he was captured on surveillance camera checking out of the four points sheraton hotel on april 5 at 6.26am and took out $ 800 in cash before stopping at walmart . investigators said jones spent more than $ 350 in walmart on items including clothes , a radio , a backpack and camping gear . he also withdrew another $ 100 in cash . jones , who is divorced , had been with family in las vegas for a reunion and was meant to be attending a convention in san francisco , but it is not clear if he attended it , mcmahon told daily mail online . she said he went to los angeles where he went partying , and as of now , said his disappearance appears to be voluntary missing . jones was also reportedly mugged and assaulted during the trip to california while outside of the plaza club , and was left with a concussion before he was sent to cedars-sinai medical center for treatment , according to ktla . mcmahon told daily mail online jones was in a fight at the nightclub which took place on friday , april 3 . she said there are limited details available regarding that incident and his time at the hospital . his family believes he checked himself out of the hospital . ' we 're thinking that his concussion really affected his ability to reason or be able to do anything , ' jones ' older brother jared jones told abc 7 . jared jones also said his cousin travis , who investigators plan to speak to on friday , was traveling from los angeles to las vegas when he and a friend picked jones up on april 4 . he said they then stopped at restaurant claim jumper in rancho cucamonga , according to nbc los angeles . his family has posted fliers near the walmart hoping to find a lead ( above investigators searching a vineyard for any traces of jones on thursday ) . a private investigator learned a homeless man said he spoke to jones outside of the walmart , and he was interviewed by san bernardino county sheriff 's deputies ( above ) . investigators do not believe the homeless man to be involved in the disappearance . it is believed travis and a friend might have had an argument with jones on saturday night , as he reportedly got out of the car , and walked a half mile before checking into the sheraton hotel where he spent the night , according to jared jones . the family hired a private investigator who learned a homeless man said he spoke to jones outside of the walmart , and he has since been interviewed by san bernardino county sheriff 's deputies . investigators do not believe the homeless man to be involved in the disappearance . a spokeswoman for the san bernardino county sheriff 's department said at this time , foul play is not suspected and police are investigating the case as a missing person . at this time , foul play is not suspected and police are investigating the case as a missing person , said mcmahon . she said : 'we’ve not found anything that leads us to believe he is in distress . ' however , private investigator paul huebl , suspected foul play . ' he [ jones ] bought some stuff and apparently a transient wound up with some of the stuff , ' huebl told abc 7 . ' it does n't make sense , because it 's kind of expensive stuff : a cell phone , a radio , some other things . ' jones was described as a white male standing 5'8 ' tall and weighing 170lbs . he has blonde hair and blue eyes . ' i just want to find him , ' said his brother keith jones . ' i do n't know if i 'll find him alive or dead , i just want to find him . '