cradling your stomach with a hot water bottle might seem like the norm at ' that time of the month ' . however , if you are doubling over with debilitating pain , it could actually be a sign of something much worse . while most ' normal ' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or a over-the-counter anti-inflammatory , a doctor tells daily mail australia that more severe symptoms such as nausea , back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all point to a more serious condition - endrometriosis . dr lara briden explains that endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside of the uterus such as the ovaries , bladder or intestines . painful periods : 90 per cent of women will experience period pain in their life time . ' women who experience some degree of menstrual pain , caused by prostaglandins , will be suffering from your run of the mill , standard period pain , ' she says . ' you can easily lower prostaglandins with an anti-inflammatory or it can be addressed and removed with diet . ' however , briden says it 's when pain is abnormal and can lead to sever pain and vomiting that women should go straight to a doctor . ' normal period pain should be on the first or second day of bleeding , not later in the bleeding cycle or before . so timing is all part of the warning signs , ' says briden . spine symptoms : back and leg pain can be symptoms of endometriosis according to dr briden . 1 . severity : extreme pain that over the counter medication can not ease . 2 . location : lower back or leg pain . 3 . timing : pain during first two days of bleeding is normal , any other time during the cycle is not . 4 . other factors : pain during sex , bleeding between periods can be other symptoms of endometriosis . ' standard pain is also most commonly in the lower belly where the uterus is . however extended pain that makes you vomit or that reaches the lower back or legs should n't be considered a routine thing . ' so what are the other symptoms women should look out for ? ' pain during or after sex can also be a key symptom , according to dr briden . ' patients might a deep stabbing pain , maybe not every time they have sex - it could be in middle of their cycle or any time , not just during their period . ' bleeding between periods is another key sign . ' seeing blood a day or two before is normal , but other times during the month is definitely a reason to see doctor , ' says dr briden . sex side effects : endometriosis can also lead to stabbing pains in the abdomen during or after sex . dr lara briden gives us her top remedies for preventing period pain ... 1 . cut the sugar . foods like sugar are inflammatory so you should avoid it throughout the month , not just at the time of your period . 2.up the supplements . research has found zinc can relieve period pain and is effective for removing prostagrandins . it also should also be taken throughout the month . 3 . try turmeric . a great herbal remedy - taken in tablet form it has a higher concentrate , more so than in something like a curry . 4 . work out often . exercise helps maintain healthy circulation in the pelvis . things like walking or yoga help lympathic drainage in the pelvis and translates to less period pain when the time comes around . 5.stress less . when we’re stressed we make less of the hormone progesterone that prevents period pain so the happier and less stressed you are during the month , the more you prevent period pain occurring . lastly , there is also a genetic component attached . dr briden says often women might have a mother or sister who has had severe period pain and so they think it 's normal , but as a doctor , if she finds out a patient 's relative has endometriosis then it 's instantly taken more seriously . the most difficult problem for women though , is even if they are dealing with some symptoms , dr briden says it can take up to ten years to diagnose properly . ' it is so easily dismissed and something often i am the first health practitioner to raise that it could be endometriosis . the only definitive way to know is from performing keyhole surgery , where a doctor will put someone under general and cuts into their abdomen and look what 's inside , ' says dr briden . she says while she is hopeful there will be a blood test for the condition to diagnose it soon , the biggest issue is no one yet knows what causes it , despite there being a few main theories . ' a popular idea used to be that there is a retrograde flow that goes through the fallopian tubes , the ovary normally goes down the tube , but theory says it goes the wrong way and as embryos , the cells on the uterine lining get inflamed and grow . ' the other theory that there is definite evidence , for according to dr briden , is that most women have cell tissue outside of the uterine lining , but that it stays dormant all their lives , whereas for others it becomes activated and responds to hormones . but because there is n't conclusive evidence , there is yet to be a cure . currently dr briden says women who do have endometriosis can have surgery to remove the uteral lining that causes it . this can be particularly successful , for women suffering from infertility . one of my most rewarding cases she has had was with a woman who had been struggling to fall pregnant . while her blood tests , hormones and husband 's sperm all appeared normal she then turned to dr briden for other answers . spice things up : dr briden says adding herbal spice turmeric to your diet will ease period pain symptoms . ' i met with her and asked her details about her period , and she admitted she experienced pain during other times of her cycle and also painful sex . i got her to then see a gynaecologist and request whether she might have endometriosis , and be able to get surgery , ' says dr briden . ' the doctor found out she did , removed it , and three or four months later she was pregnant and had a beautiful baby boy . ' ' that drove home how severe it can be and important to fix it . it 's quite a common story now with my patients , once they have endometriosis removal they have greatly enhanced fertility , ' says dr briden . although while it can help provide a quick fix , dr briden says it ca n't stop it all together . ' it can grow back , so things like hormonal suppression are important . by preventing stimulation of oestrogen it can prevent the bits of uterine tissue ) becoming active again . ' naturopathic approach : dr lara briden takes a natural approach to dealing with period pain by cutting foods and increasing supplements . as a naturopathic doctor , dr briden has a unique approach to dealing with it . ' there is growing evidence that endometriosis is a autoimmune disease . autoimmune diseases attacks different parts of body so calling endometriosis one is still quite controversial , but it 's the approach i 've been taking for many years , ' she says . ' to prevent regrowth occurring , applying dietary changes that help regulate immune function such as nutritional supplements and probiotics with good bacteria are helpful . ' so far she believes her approach is successful both in preventing regrowth and also helping lessen or alleviate pain all together . ' i think periods are still an unnecessary taboo subject - especially when half the population has them , ' says dr briden . having just written a book ' period repair manual : natural treatment for better hormones and better periods , ' dr briden , a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women 's health , is not adverse to discussion and believes it 's time to put it out there . ' most haven’t heard of endometriosis and when one in ten suffer from it , it 's about time we talk about it and give women help they need , ' she says . lara briden is a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women 's health . she 's just released her new book period repair manual : natural treatment for better hormones and better periods . 