a terminally ill fundraiser who claimed to have close celebrity contacts to gain the trust of a charity for terminally ill children stole a laptop , sat nav and phone from the organisation . simon mitchell , 44 , stole the expensive equipment from donna 's dream house , a charity for terminally ill children based in blackpool , lancashire . following a three year investigation the volunteer worker admitted stealing a laptop and tomtom satnav from the charity - despite the fact he was meant to be helping the charity by raising its profile following a devastating arson attack in 2011 . terminally ill fundraiser simon mitchell , 44 , ( pictured left with richard hammond and right with katie price ) stole from donna 's dream house , a charity for terminally ill children based in blackpool , lancashire . the charity also say mitchell repeatedly let them down and left them picking up the pieces when meetings with his supposed star-studded contacts failed to materialise . mitchell had been given the laptop and a phone to use by the dream house when he volunteered for them but did not return them after he left the charity . he pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at preston crown court where he was due to stand trial after a three-year criminal investigation . len curtis , chairman of the charity which provides holidays for sick and needy children , said following the hearing : ' he came to us immediately after the fire , when we were very vulnerable and needed help . ' we were taking people on face value without running our usual crb checks and we allowed him to get involved because he claimed to know all of these famous people . ' he was a volunteer and his role was meant to be fundraising and raising the charity 's profile through all these great contacts he claimed to have . ' but it soon became apparent something was n't right . mitchell on his wedding day with wife kerrie - he has now pleaded guilty to two counts of theft . ' it is soul destroying when the trust you place in someone is betrayed . ' the theft from donna 's dream house came just months after mitchell made headlines claiming to be carrying out a ' bucket list ' of good deeds to complete after revealing his own lung cancer diagnosis and desire to raise cash for poorly children . in 2012 mitchell , with the help of different charities , arranged for two sick youngsters to meet celebrities such as the cast of top gear and katie price , saying his aim was to raise £100,000 in the two years he was told he had left . but mr curtis said donna 's dream house was left red-faced and out of pocket after a ' top gear day ' mitchell was supposed to organise never happened despite the trust auctioning it as a prize . the charity ended up having to reimburse the disappointed winner . the theft came just months after mitchell made headlines claiming to be carrying out a ' bucket list ' of good deeds ( he is pictured with the stig ) . ' he even left the people waiting at the train station for people who did n't turn up , ' the chairman said , adding there had been a similar occasion with a ferrari experience that never materialised . he said the two failed events had cost the charity around £6,500 to put right . mr curtis said mitchell 's thefts only came to light when satellite navigations firm tomtom contacted them to check the charity had received their donation of a sat nav - which mitchell had kept for himself . mr curtis said : we did n't see this coming . he was only with us for a few months but this has had a detrimental effect on us . mr curtis said they pursued legal action to make people aware of mitchell and what he was doing in case he tried to steal from another charity . he added : ' i would urge all charities to show due diligence when accepting offers of support particularly at vulnerable times . ' mitchell pleaded guilty to stealing a mobile phone and laptop computer , worth around £540 , from the dream house between new year 's day and september 1 , 2012 . he also admitted stealing the sat nav . he is due to be sentenced at preston crown court next month . mr curtis added : ' he would promise people things with these celebrities in exchange for goods and services . but when he failed to deliver they never finished the work . ' there were just the odd small things that he did deliver . ' i think he 's a fantasist , he just fantasised that he had all these great contacts . ' i do n't think he 's an evil person , i just think he totally believes his own lies . ' he lied and he lied to us and to himself . '