state education minister adrian piccoli has called the scot 's college university shortcut ' unfair , ' after it was released that school students could buy their way into university without completing their hsc . tuition , sporting and curricula fees for scot 's college , one of sydney 's most prestigious schools , reportedly top $ 30,000 . the university of sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for year 11 students at scot 's college to skip their year 12 exams and ' buy ' their entry into the sandstone university . ' access to university should be fair and equitable , ' mr piccoli told fairfax media . ' any scheme that gives some students an unfair advantage is unacceptable and i will be discussing this with the federal government , which is responsible for universities . ' eight scot 's students gained ' direct entry ' to the university after completing the program in 2014 , according to a letter sent to parents by principal dr ian lambert , while 166 students completed the hsc . the program was devised by the university 's commercial arm , sydney learning , and students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses , including bachelor degrees in health sciences , liberal arts and science , animal and veterinary bioscience , visual arts , music and oral health , or in a diploma of law . opposition leader luke foley is concerned over how this alternative would impact the hsc . ' we have a federal coalition government intent on linking university admission to wealth , more and more , and these are the sorts of arrangements that flow from the abbott government 's reform of our higher education sector , ' he said . the sydney morning herald have reported that concern within the university of sydney staff has led to its academic board shutting down this alternative pathway for school students . sandstone halls : the university of sydney 's commercial arm , sydney learning , has run the pilot program with scot 's college . pictured above is the university 's clocktower and the eastern range of its main building precinct . however , at the time it was shutdown , the board was unaware that scot 's college were planning the pilot with another 11 boys this year . my foley is worried that this pathway will be picked up by other universities and elite high schools . scot 's college does not advertise their fees for tuition , sport and other curriculum activities , but in 2013 they were reported to be $ 30,900 per year with an extra $ 24,121 for boarders . scot 's college : dr lambert , the college 's chief , was quoted telling the sydney morning herald that the diploma was designed with students ' in the middle rank of learners ' in mind . rose steele , the president of the national union of students , told daily mail australia that while it was important there were alternative pathways available for students to gain entry to university , it was ' really concerning ' if this program was only open to students who could afford it . ' nus really believes education should be open to all and not just those who can afford it , ' ms steele said . daily mail australia approached the university of sydney and scot 's college for comment on monday morning . principal ian lambert has rejected the notion that it was an exclusive deal for scot 's college . he agrees that the current hsc grading system works for the top 20 percent of students , but not for middle-ranking students . do you know more ? daniel.piotrowski @ mailonline.com .          