die-hard fans of the hit bbc series poldark aren’t just flocking to cornwall as tourists , as interest in the programme has spurred demand for holiday homes along the county’s picturesque coastline . a beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for £3million , and it is already drawing interest from viewers who are enamoured with the series’ stunning setting – and actor aidan turner’s chiselled looks . since the series started airing last month estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage , overlooking an ancient smugglers’ cove on cornwall’s north coast , and other properties where the title character , ross poldark , plies his trade . scroll down for video . a beachfront property with summer and winter cottages ( middle , bottom left ) has gone on the market for £3million in cornwall . the property has stunning views of smugglers cove , and the summer and winter cottages are linked via a lift ( pictured : summer cottage ) . poldark actor aidan turner has become a heartthrob for fans after his character took off his shirt on the popular bbc one show . ben standen , from estate agents jackson-stops & staff of truro , said smugglers cottage in smugglers cove , near portreath , has a summer and winter cottage , cleverly linked via a lift . boasting seven bedrooms , six reception rooms and seven bathrooms , the property has direct access to the beach and an amazing view of uninterrupted coast and open sea . the summer cottage has three bedrooms and the winter cottage has four , and they can be used separately to provide lots of space for a family . mr standen said : ‘ the fact it has direct access onto the beach and has these two houses linked by a lift - it 's the sort of thing that comes on the market once every 20 or 30 years . ’ the scenic county has always been a popular destination thanks to its rugged coastline , but interest in the programme , based on winston graham’s poldark historical novels , set in the 18th century , is giving the local tourism and housing market a boost . boasting seven bedrooms , six reception rooms and seven bathrooms , the stunning property has direct access to the beach . one of the larger bedrooms in the summer cottage offers amazing views of smugglers cove on the northern coast of cornwall . the summer cottage has three bedrooms and the winter cottage has four , with uninterrupted views of the sea . smugglers cottage is located just a few miles from some of the series’ filming locations , including nearby st agnes head , which doubles as nampara valley , part of the poldark family estate , in the show . there are lots of ' poldark experiences ' now on offer in the county – with kayak , horseback and walking poldark tours . mr standen added : ‘ i certainly think the poldark series has heightened cornwall 's appeal . there are lots of ' poldark experiences ' now on offer in the county – with kayak , horseback and walking poldark tours . smugglers cottage is located just a few miles from some of the series’ filming locations , including nearby st agnes head . the show’s popularity is coupled with the county’s stunning scenery and history in making cornwall a desirable destination . ‘ there are more people coming down here more regularly and expressing interest in buying a second home . ‘ properties on the coastline with these breathtaking views have got a lot of appeal and are incredibly popular , which the series has made people more aware of . ’ the show’s popularity is coupled with the county’s stunning scenery and history in making cornwall a desirable destination . estate agents said they have seen an increase in interest in holiday homes in cornwall since poldark began airing last month . smuggling was rife in the 18th century , when poldark is set , and cornwall 's coast is full of hidden coves and tucked-away inlets . it was popular with smugglers because it had a long expanse of rocky , virtually uninhabited coast . with few revenue men to patrol it , goods like tea , brandy , rum and tobacco were smuggled in . all four of fowey 's public toilets are out of service just weeks before summer . poldark fans and thousands of other holidaymakers who are planning to visit a popular seaside town in cornwall may have nowhere to go when nature calls . located in the heart of poldark country , the town of fowey is locked in a bizarre and long-running wrangle over public toilets . all four of the main public conveniences in fowey – where a poldark exhibition is being planned in may – are closed and with the summer tourist season fast approaching , there’s no sign of the wee wrangle being resolved . the town council agreed to take over the running of the four public toilets from cornwall council at the start of 2013 . but more than two years later , the details of the transfer of ownership of three of them - caffa mill , the main car park and readymoney cove – are still being worked out by the county council while the fourth block , at the town quay , is shut for refurbishment . town clerk sally vincent said : ‘ there is nothing more the town council can do to push it on ... it is still in the legal loop . ‘ i am hopeful it will be completed soon . ‘ the town council is really pleased to be able to take on the ownership of the toilets . ‘ as a town council we feel we need to get the town quay toilets up and running and then go from there . it 's important that fowey has these facilities . ’ the town quay toilets were already owned by the town council but leased to cornwall council , which has meant the handover could be completed more quickly . refurbishment work started last week and it is hoped they will be open within eight weeks , with the toilet for the disabled being available to use while work is done on the others . when they reopen , visitors will have to pay 20p per use to offset the cost to the town council of running them . mrs vincent added : ‘ the cost of running toilets is astronomical . ‘ the town council simply does n't have the money to do it for nothing so it was felt that if we charge 20p it would be something towards it . ’ cornwall council figures suggest it will cost a minimum of £26,000 a year to run the four sets of toilets , with the town having to cover insurance costs and business rates as well as cleaning , maintenance and consumables . until the transfer of ownership on the three blocks at the main car park , readymoney cove and caffa mill , is completed , the responsibility for opening the toilets will rest with cornwall council .