a 26-year-old woman has been arrested for ' facebook thugging ' after posting a photo of herself pointing a gun on the social networking site in response to other users ' ' misdirected threats ' . kristin holmes allegedly uploaded the controversial image - in which she is seen beaming while holding the deadly weapon - after she was mistaken for another woman during a facebook feud . she captioned the photo : ' i 'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you `` come find me '' . ' she then ' exchanged words ' with the other users on the site , it is reported . illegal image : kristin holmes , 26 , has been arrested for ' facebook thugging ' after posting this photo of herself pointing a gun ( pictured ) on the social networking site in response to other users ' ' misdirected threats ' . ' threatening ' : she captioned the photo ( pictured ) : ' i 'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you `` come find me '' . ' she then ' exchanged words ' with the other users on the site , it is reported . after a user reported the picture to henrico police , holmes , who lives in chesterfield , virginia , was arrested . she has since been charged with harassment by computer , according to wwbt . she is now facing a class 1 misdemeanor that could result in one year in jail and a $ 2,500 fine . speaking to the broadcaster , holmes said she considered her charge ' ridiculous ' - especially because she supposedly uploaded the photo in the context of a heated online argument . ' it was n't a threat . i thought it was a funny picture , and then i realized later that it was a little bit intimidating . so i took it down , ' she said , adding : ' what happened to freedom of speech ? ' addressing other social media users , the animal-lover continued : ' be careful what you put on the internet , because you can go to jail for it . facebook thugging is a crime . ' confused : ' it was n't a threat . i thought it was a funny picture , and then i realized later that it was a little bit intimidating . so i took it down , ' holmes told wwbt ( pictured ) , adding : ' what happened to freedom of speech ? ' police : after a user reported the picture to henrico police , holmes , who lives in chesterfield , virginia , was arrested . above , kevin carroll , of the fraternal order of police , said holmes 's behavior was illegal in virginia . kevin carroll , of the fraternal order of police , said holmes 's behavior was illegal in virginia , where the law bans sending vulgar or indecent language , or threatening illegal acts , via computer . ' there is no such thing as a petty crime , ' he said . ' if it 's against the law to say it in public..why would n't it be against the law to say it to someone through a computer ? ' it is not the first time a suspect has been arrested due to a facebook post . last november , it emerged that a new mexico man had been detained and was facing charges after posting photos of stolen guns from an unsolved burglary on to the social networking site . suspect : holmes ( above ) is facing a class 1 misdemeanor that could lead to one year in jail and a $ 2,500 fine . social network : the suspect said she plans to appeal against her charge , which stemmed from her behavior on facebook ( file picture ) . she warned other social media users : ' be careful what you put on the internet ' . police said they lacked any leads until the victim spotted pictures of his stolen guns on the facebook page of his friend , christopher banegas , whom the victim had not suspected prior to the discovery . banegas , thought to be a father in his late 30s , was later charged with aggravated burglary , larceny of a firearm , and tampering with evidence in relation to the crime , according to kob-tv . holmes , whose facebook page is filled with photos of her three pet dogs , plans to appeal against her charge . 