haris vuckic admits he does not know where he will be playing next season - but believes rangers would be a ' good option ' if newcastle let him leave . the st james ' park youngster was one of five loanees sent to glasgow by the magpies on the final day of the january transfer window . with kevin mbabu , remie streete , gael bigirimana and shane ferguson all injured , the 22-year-old slovenian is the only one to have made an impact at ibrox . haris vuckic ( right ) trains with team-mates after being loaned to rangers from newcastle . the slovenia international admits he is uncertain over his future with only 12months left on his toon deal . six goals in 10 games have made him an instant hit with the gers faithful but vuckic has denied reports suggesting he is ready to quit newcastle this summer . he still has another 12 months on his deal with the barclays premier league club and owner mike ashley is certain to play hard-ball with rangers if they try to sign him early after his recent boardroom battle with dave king . but if a deal can be done , vuckic would be happy to talk . he said : ' it 's not true that i 'm going to quit newcastle and stay at ibrox . what i have always said that i respect both clubs - newcastle because i still have a contract with them and rangers because i have a loan deal here . vuckic has won over rangers fans with six goals from 10 games , including this strike against hearts . ' we will see what is going to happen in the summer but newcastle have to say what options i have . ' i will choose the best one for me . ' if newcastle let me go , would i like to stay at rangers ? that would be a good option for me . ' at newcastle , i did n't have the chance to play first-team football . when i signed for rangers i got that experience . i 'm playing every week and scoring goals . vuckic ( centre ) is one of five newcastle players loaned to rangers , including gael bigirimana ( left ) and remie streete - although he is the only one to have been a success . the 22-year-old celebrates scoring a goal for newcastle , but could find himself leaving st james ' park . ' if i can do that next season that would be a great option for me . ' i like the feel of rangers . every player does n't want to just train on the training ground , they want to be recognised in the games and score goals . they want to be recognised in the city . ' at newcastle i was playing under-21 level which is not really my level . i feel i 'm above that . i want to play first-team . i want to play with the men , not the kids . ' i want to be recognised if i do well and score goals - that 's what players want . ' 