recorder philip cattan ( pictured ) , 65 , from cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of john quingley at manchester crown court . a judge who fell asleep while a child abuse victim gave evidence and caused the trial to collapse has been reprimanded by his bosses . the part-time judge , recorder philip cattan , 65 , from cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of john quingley at manchester crown court last summer . a retrial had to be ordered and with the child having to give evidence for a second time , the daily mirror reported . while the jury was out of the room , the judge was confronted with the claim that he had slept through part of the cross-examination of the witness , who was giving evidence via videolink because of her age . the incident was witnessed by the family of the victim in the trial of john quigley , which was expected to last five days . the girl giving evidence was the first of two young girls expected to testify that they were abused in offences spanning from 2006 to 2013 . the body that regulates the judiciary , the judicial conduct investigations office has rapped the manchester recorder over the incident . the lord chancellor and lord chief justice were quoted as saying they found evidence of serious misconduct following complaints that cattan gave the appearance of falling asleep . the cost of the abandoned trial and the retrial is believed to have cost the taxpayer £10,000 . the defendant , quingley , 49 , of benchill manchester was found guilty of child sex charges and jailed for 14 years . leading criminal barrister , kama melly , who specialises in child sex crime , told the daily mirror , when the trial was suspended , that it is always devastating for a victim to have a trial delayed so long while an investigation takes place . ‘ this is no doubt a traumatic time for the family and this will only serve to make matters worse for them , ’ she explained . the lord chief justice thomas of cwmgiedd ( left ) and the lord chancellor chris grayling ( right ) were quoted as saying they found evidence of serious misconduct following complaints that cattan fell asleep . cattan’s role as recorder means he sits for up to thirty days a year as a judge and he has previously . he has overseen cases on gangland murders , the oldham riots and major drugs cases . judge gabriel hutton , a former senior judge at gloucester crown court , fell asleep during the trial of lee woodward , who was accused of raping a 17-year-old girl on a riverbank in sharpness , gloucestershire . he was granted bail and a retrial was demanded where he was cleared . judge hutton , now retired , was ordered to apologise for the incident . manchester crown court , where cattan was seen to fall asleep during the the case of john quigley . 