on the eve of the county championship season , charlie hemphrey has finally secured the professional cricket contract he has been striving for over the past decade . only it is not with one of the 18 teams that make up our domestic game . for hemphrey , a 25-year-old former folkestone grammar school pupil who suffered habitual rejection in his attempts to breakthrough into the english system , has an amazing story to tell , after forging an unlikely first-class career in australia . it has been an extraordinary journey for hemphrey from a second xi debut for kent at 15 to his recent status as the first englishman to hit a sheffield shield hundred since john hampshire for tasmania in 1978 . that feat was accomplished in queensland 's final match of the 2014-15 season , a victory over south australia at the gabba . charlie hemphrey during his kent career ( left ) and as a youngster for notts under 11s where he scored his first hundred ( right ) . when he emigrated to brisbane 18 months ago , he admits his desire for a shot at the top level had regressed into an ' unrealistic dream ' . that it became a reality was due to polar opposite experiences to the ones he endured over here . every time he was faced with a door it opened whereas previously they had slammed in his face . kent , derbyshire and essex all knocked him back . a stunning first season down under – in which he finished third top scorer in queensland 's grade competition – was followed by a state second xi debut last october . the following month he struck 140 out of 297 all out in the first innings of a game against new south wales . it put him in the frame for higher honours when the shield season reopened post-big bash and a new year injury to australia batsman usman khawaja gave him his chance . on february 7 he pulled on the maroon cap for the first time . james pattinson dismissed him for a second-ball duck but queensland – showing numerous changes in the wake of stuart law 's removal as coach – crushed eventual champions victoria by an innings . the following week hemphrey hit 58 and tasmania were defeated in hobart by a similar scoreline . two matches , two victories ; the pom had hit the jackpot . queensland were not going to change a winning side and that very fact secured his future . matches 5 . innings 8 . not outs 0 . runs 310 . highest innings score 118 . batting average 38.75 . balls faced 809 . batting strike rate 38.31 . 100s 1 . 50s 1 . 4s 37 . 6s 0 . ' the system over here guarantees you a minimum contract if you play three state games , ' hemphrey explained to sportsmail . ' cricket australia upgrade you to a 12-month deal which is about $ 60,000 ( £30,000 ) , so after three games i told work i was leaving . i knew i was going to be paid well and the match payments on top are good at just over $ 4,500 ( £2300 ) . ' hemphrey immediately gave up his early morning job for virgin at brisbane airport , co-ordinating their aircraft loads out on the ramps in sweltering heat . a fortnight later , in his fifth appearance for queensland , he struck 118 on his adopted home ground . the celebratory removal of his helmet and glance to the heavens at reaching three figures an acknowledgement of his late belgian grandfather jim charlier , who while not a cricket aficionado had witnessed his lowest ebb six years earlier when he made 163 for kent seconds against mcc young cricketers . ' i am not really an extrovert , i keep my emotions fairly intact but what happened when i was released from kent came back to me . a week after basically being told that i was n't good enough my granddad came to watch and it was great afterwards listening to him talk about how i 'd played from his non-cricket perspective , ' hemphrey explained . ' he passed away last year and so when i got to 100 i looked up and thought about him . i knew how proud he would have been . to me , scoring a first-class hundred in australia is quite something but he taught me a lot about life , and i have to say i was a lot more nervous when i stood up to speak at his funeral than i was when i was on 97 . ' although raised in kent , hemphrey was born in doncaster and geoffrey boycott , arguably the greatest yorkshire batsman of them all , would have doffed his cap at the price he places on his wicket . according to hemphrey , a combination of leaving outside off-stump and playing the ball late is his modus operandi . ' the one thing i have learned over here is that the best time to bat is in the second half of the day , so getting through the first half has been important . then i have cashed in . ' hemphrey 's rise is all the more remarkable given that the three counties in his first incarnation as a cricketer were at least as interested in his off-spin ( he has not bowled this past winter due to a labral tear in his shoulder ) . at canterbury , it meant the presence of james tredwell blocked his path . although the three south africans and two pakistanis in a kent side that made consecutive twenty20 finals days in 2008 and 2009 , when he held two summer contracts , were probably more to blame for his lack of opportunities . ' the club had other priorities , there was little focus on the second xi , ' he says . in contrast , his performances were catching the eyes of justin sterns and trevor hohns - state coach and convenor of selectors respectively - not long after australia twenty20 international chris lynn , with whom a friendship developed during a previous three-year stint in queensland grade cricket , lured him to toombul . naturally , there is a tinge of bitterness that his break has come on the other side of the globe : ' i just feel that you ca n't decide someone 's career at the age of 19 . it 's too early . different people develop at different rates . look at ryan harris , nathan lyon , jonathan trott and kevin pietersen . those four all hit their prime in their late twenties . ' not that he completely rules out a return : ' i do n't want to close any doors . i am open to anything and at the end of the day cricket is a very short career in the grad scheme of things . ' but for now he is running with the bulls as english cricket 's unsung export . 