a california homeowners ' surveillance video captured footage of three burglars who broke into their house , including one who stared directly at the camera . in the video , released by the los angeles police department , two men and one woman can be seen entering a san fernando valley home in the mid-afternoon . the burglars get into the house through the kitchen , peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home and disappear into what seems to be a hallway . say cheese ! this young burglar stared right into a security camera and he and two pals robbed a home in los angeles - making off with a large safe and multiple guns . a california homeowner 's surveillance video captured footage of three burglars , two men and one woman , who broke into their los angeles home mid-afternoon . then one suspect returns . he checks the kitchen again before moving into the living room . that 's when he stares directly into the surveillance camera and realizes he 's being filmed . the boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over , but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face . the lapd released the video on its facebook page with the hope that it would help identify the burglars , who escaped with another man not seen in the surveillance footage , from the march 2 incident . a 5ft safe and a number of firearms were stolen from the home , according to ktla 5 . police did not specify the number or types of guns that were taken . police said all three of the burglars were 17 to 20 years old , according tonbc los angeles . the burglars can be seen entering the residence through the kitchen , peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty house and disappear into what seems to be a hallway . the boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over , but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face . police believe the three burglars are between 17 to 20 years old . one of the men is described as weighing 145 to 155lbs , with a height between 5ft 7in to 5ft 10in . the second man weighs between 155 to 165lbs , with a height between 5ft 9in to 6ft tall . police also believe the second man has brown hair and brown eyes . the woman is described as having a weight between 130 to 145lbs , with a height of 5ft 5in to 5ft 7in . police said the three thieves left in a black 2007 to 2011 lexus gs350 with a man who appeared to have blonde or brown hair and was described as being between 30 to 35 years old . a '310 ' paper plate was placed over the car 's front license plate . the lapd said it added music to the video to make it ' more engaging ' .