a mother has revealed the agony she felt when her two-year-old son toppled out of a window to his death , in a bid to make other families aware of the dangers in the home . michelle newman said all she heard was a ' pop ' and looked up to see her son james ' heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in las vegas . the child had fallen out of the window , which had been propped open to let in the breeze , and died from his injuries . james krainch was almost two-years-old when he toppled out of a second floor condo window and died . michelle newman visits james ' grave with her other children kierah ( centre ) and spencer ( right ) and said they play games at his grave , flying kites and laughing , so they can remember their brother in a positive way . ' when i got to his side , he gave me one last smile and then went unconscious , ' mrs newman told the deseret news . on the ninth anniversary of his death ms newman visited her son 's grave with her two other children spencer and kierah krainich to celebrate the life of their brother . ' a lot of times we 'll fly kites and we 'll play games , ' she said . ' we 'll do things i think james would have liked doing with us . ' james was 22 months and tumbled from the window because a screen was not strong enough to hold him . ms newman said james , who was 22 months old when he died , had fallen from the window as he was sat on the sofa , while she fed his younger brother who was then around six months old . the screen was not strong enough to prevent him from tumbling to the ground . michelle newman said she hopes by sharing her story other parents will safety proof their homes . she added : ' i just heard a pop and i looked over my shoulder and i just saw his heels as he toppled out the window , ' after he hit the ground james lost consciousness and was rushed to hospital . doctors worked for hours to save his life , but he died on april 20 . the family eventually moved to utah and ms newman split up with her husband and father to her children , joe krainch . she recently visited james ' grave at larkin sunset gardens cemetery in sandy with his brother and sister to mark the ninth anniversary of his death . ms newman said she hopes her story will make people think twice about how they can make their homes safer for their children by not putting furniture close to windows . to try and cope with the agony of losing her son ms newman started a blog about him and her experience four years after his death . she previously told hold she still included james in the christmas draw of names , with whoever received his name buying gifts he would have liked at that age and giving them to a child who needs them .