a ferrari-driving fantasist dubbed ' teflon don ' who murdered his wealthy heiress lover in order to steal £816,000 from her bank accounts has been ordered to pay back just £1 . donald graham , 62 , from sparty lea , northumberland , killed heiress and property developer janet brown , 45 , so he could fund his lavish taste in supercars and buy his second mistress a home . ms brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found . scroll down for video . donald graham , 62 , ( pictured ) killed heiress and property developer janet brown , 45 , his lover , for her money . he stole £300,000 of her savings , her land rover and porsche , took her horses and tried to siphon off thousands of pounds from her estate and that of her family . graham , who dubbed himself teflon don , was last year jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for killing ms brown for her money nine years after her death . prosecutors wanted to reclaim his ill-gotten gains , which they said totalled £816,127.86p , under the proceeds of crime act . but newcastle crown court heard graham , previously referred to in court as the prince of darkness , now has no available assets and so must pay back just back £1 . janet brown ( pictured left ) and graham ( right ) were lovers for eight years despite graham being married . graham , who drove a ferrari , a porsche , a range rover and a alfa romeo spider , despite allegedly being short of cash , denied murdering ms brown between june 14 and 18 , 2005 but admitted stealing her money . but jurors , who had been deliberating over the case for a week , found him guilty of murder and perverting the course of justice during a trial last year . the court heard the hexham heiress ' disappeared from the face of the earth ' in june 2005 and no trace of her has ever been found . graham spun a cruel web of lies that left ms brown’s parents believing she was still alive but living abroad . graham , described as ‘flash’ and always ‘ dripping in gold’ , lived with his wife denise , 66 , but had two mistresses , including ms brown . graham and ms brown , who had saved ‘ substantial assets’ of over £400,000 , had been together for eight years . he told her that his wife had cancer and when she died they would marry . the hexham heiress ' disappeared from the face of the earth ' in june 2005 and no trace of her has been found . the pair arranged to go on holiday to france in 2005 but at the last minute he pulled out , claiming his wife was unwell , so miss brown decided to go alone . the court heard that after booking the holiday , graham had found a new girlfriend , elizabeth todd , 51 , with whom he had become infatuated . it was around the day of her intended departure on june 17 that ms brown was murdered . graham had persuaded her to transfer £300,000 into his account and the money dropped just a day before she disappeared . jurors were told that graham wanted miss brown’s money so he could ‘ live a lifestyle that involved owning and driving powerful motor cars’ and buy a property for todd to live in . during his murder trial at newcastle crown court , the jury heard ms brown had been besotted with ' greedy liar ' graham . during his murder trial at newcastle crown court the jury heard ms brown had been besotted with ' greedy liar ' graham ( pictured in long leather jacket ) . the trial judge said ms brown , whose body has never been found , may have been dumped in a deep pit or mine shaft by former jcb digger driver graham . her killer was badly in debt and was struggling to fund the finance agreements on his beloved sports cars . he plundered ms brown 's bank account to fund his flashy lifestyle , making her elderly parents , eric and olive brown , believe their daughter was still alive by sending them letters and cards in her name from europe . graham also ingratiated himself with her parents after her death and started systematically stripping their estate and assets . he used his visits to gain access to ms brown 's security codes and also sold her porsche and other cars . when her parents died , he plundered their bank accounts - defrauding a total of more than £500,000 from them . the couple died in 2007 and 2008 respectively , believing their only daughter was working in a bank in switzerland . after they died building society staff eventually became suspicious that withdrawals were still being made in 2010 and police were called . they believed they were just investigating a fraud but it soon became apparent ms brown was missing and a murder inquiry was launched . he had n't worked since an accident in 1997 when a jcb bucket hit him on the back and he was awarded £40,000 compensation . graham was jailed for life with a minimum term of 32 years for killing ms brown . northumbria police subsequently launched an investigation under the proceeds of crime act into his finances . graham stole more than £800,000 from ms brown to fund his love of supercars and a lavish lifestyle . the court heard with his fleet of flash sports cars and his large imposing house on a hill , pony-tailed and goatee-bearded graham thought of himself as a charmer and cut a distinctive figure in his long leather coat . he liked to play the big man , pretending to be related to murdered viv graham who was shot and killed in an unsolved apparent gangland hit in 1993 , in an effort to enhance his reputation as a force to be reckoned with . in fact he was a failed former policeman in the met , having quit after a week in the 1970s , apparently homesick for his native north east . the court heard graham 's main motivation in life was always money and he had a penchant for women over whom he could exert power and control . graham was jailed for life for killing ms brown . police are pictured searching for her body in northumberland .