a 77-year-old woman was left partially blind after a lightning bolt struck her as she sat in her car . despite the dramatic and rare event , the woman 's injury was not detected straight away . rather , her hairdresser noticed several days later that she had suffered minor burns on her scalp . later that day the pensioner noticed her eye sight was blurred - she could barely see with her right eye . a few days later , she visited the opticians and was referred to see opthalmologist mohit gupta , who works at pilgrim hospital in boston , england . the 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car . days later , after her vision became blurred , a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her retina . mr gupta scanned the patient 's retina , using a relatively new technique known as optical coherence tomography ( oct ) . the case report into the woman 's treatment , published by the journal bmj case reports , reveals mr gupta discovered a hole in the patient 's macula , a part of the retina that is responsible for around 90 per cent of a person 's vision . dr permesh dhillon , a medical internist and colleague of mr gupta , said the woman 's case reveals how important it is that medics check the vision of anyone struck by lightning . he told livescience : ' in the future , if patients are struck by lightning , it should be a routine process to refer them to an ophthalmologist to have an eye assessment . ' he said the retina does not conduct electricity well , suggesting the injury was caused by the heat produced when the bolt struck . the woman was prescribed eye drops , but suffered an allergic reaction to them . she later underwent surgery to repair the hole in her macula , after two months of poor vision . dr permesh dhillon , a medical internist at pilgrim hospital in boston , said the heat from the lightning bolt is thought to have burned a hole in the woman 's retina . it was eventually treated , via surgery . the operation involved removing the jelly part of the eye , which touches the retina , and injecting a gas bubble to push the layer at the back of the eye back together , dr dhillon said . he added his patient was ' quite fortunate in that only her retina was affected , and only in one eye ' . between 30 to 60 people each year are struck by lightning in the uk . meanwhile across the atlantic , the us sees an average of 51 people injured by lightning each year . only around 10 per cent of those struck by a bolt are killed . dr dhillon said there have been reports of lightning strikes affecting other parts of the eyes , resulting in cataracts , burns or swelling . 