everyone’s a winner . good news for all the struggling low-paid pros who made it to the masters . the green jackets took pity on them by announcing a 10 per cent increase in prizemoney for this year’s tournament . the winner’s share of the $ 10million pot worked out at £1.23m in our currency . anyone who made the cut was guaranteed £17,000 . jordan spieth collected £1.23million for winning the masters - as well as the coveted green jacket . poulter’s purple patch . ian poulter improved on his previous best masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth . wearing a loud purple number , poulter reflected on a missed chance . ‘ the way i’ve played at the weekend was a highlight , ’ he said . ‘ it was about the missed shots on thursday and friday . i left myself too much work to do . ’ ian poulter was dressed all in purple on sunday for his final round at augusta . no stone unturned . augusta national have had people positioned on four holes this week taking note of everything — what club each player uses from the tee . the shape of shots , the type of shots played to the greens and whether players tee off from the left side of the tee or the right . all interesting info before considering any course changes in future . patrons watch the action on the sixth green at the augusta national as phil mickelson plays a shot . hottest ticket in town . what was it worth to watch tiger and rory go head to head for the first time in the final round of a major ? one of the plethora of touts outside the grounds quoted me $ 4,000 for a pair of tickets . mcilroy duly deliverd with a wonderful 66 with tiger carding a 73 . imagine what it would cost if they were paired together in the final group ? tiger woods and rory mcilroy were paired together for the final round at augusta on sunday . phil’s the man in black . phil mickelson opted for an all-black outfit on day four in an unusual bid to try and improve his performance . ‘ i like to wear dark colors on sunday , ’ he said . ‘i’ve won three times wearing a black shirt so i’ll wear a black shirt . it helps me get more aggressive . studies have shown that when nfl teams wear black they have more penalties . ’ phil mickelson was dressed all in black on sunday as he tried to win the masters for a fourth time . danny disappointed . when you hole a 64-foot putt on your first round at augusta , a little disappointment is understandable if you can’t maintain those standards . england’s danny willett hit three rounds of 71 but his third of 76 proved his undoing . ‘it’s a bit disappointing , ’ he said . ‘ my ball-striking is good but i couldn’t take advantage . ’ england 's danny willett hit three rounds of 71 at the masters but was let down by one of 76 .