a young man was banned from every branch of sainsbury 's after he was wrongly accused of shoplifting a pair of speakers . aden gould , 21 , was also told to pay a £150 ' security fee ' after he was seen testing speakers on sale in a branch of the supermarket - even though he put the equipment back where he found it . the giant firm sent him an aggressive letter warning that staff would call the police if they ever catch him trying to enter sainsbury 's . banned : aden gould , 21 , was told he could not return to sainsbury 's after he opened some speakers there . mr gould , who has learning difficulties and is unemployed , went into the sainsbury 's branch in stoke-on-trent and opened two boxes containing £25 speakers . he then tested the gadgets to see if they worked with his mobile phone , and put them back on display - but was immediately apprehended by security . staff took him into the manager 's office and forced him to empty his bag , but he was cleared of shoplifting . mr gould later received a pair of letters saying that he was banned from all 1,200 sainsbury 's stores across the country , and had to pay £150 in compensation . however , the company has now backed down and agreed to revoke the ban , as well as waiving the £150 fine . he said : ' the first set of speakers did n't work and the second were n't very good so i put everything back in the boxes . ' i was walking out of the shop when the security guard grabbed me and took me into the manager 's office . i was confused about what i 'd done and i thought i was in trouble . ' i wanted to call my mum but they told me to put my phone away . i was scared and frustrated . i felt like i was having a heart attack . ' when i got outside i was really panicking . i was shaking all over . i then received a second letter saying i owed £150 in security fees but i had no idea what it was for . ' reversal : sainsbury 's has now revoked the ban which was imposed at its stoke-on-trent store , pictured . his mother petra added : ' aden was shaking uncontrollably when he got home and when he got the letter saying he was banned i went straight down there . ' an assistant told me he had committed criminal damage because he opened the boxes and said i was lucky the police were n't being called . ' i think staff initially thought he was a shoplifter but after he proved he had nothing in his bag they should have just let him go . he is being treated like some kind of criminal . ' if it is such a crime to open the little boxes , there should be a sign saying it is a criminal offence . ' in its letter to aden , sainsbury 's stated : ' the invitation to enter and shop at all sainsbury 's stores is permanently withdrawn due to the incident on april 15 . ' should you enter any of our premises you will be treated as a trespasser and the police will be called as necessary . ' but after mrs gould complained , the company agreed to revoke the ban and told aden that he was welcome to return . a spokesman said that the £150 fee , which has now been waived , was a standard charge to make up for the fact that the speakers which mr gould opened can no longer be sold . she added that the ban and fine had been imposed ' in error ' , saying : ' we have already been in touch with aden to invite him back into store and look forward to seeing him soon . '