environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing near the island of sao tope , off the gabon coast . the nigerian-flagged thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity sea shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing . the thunder 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on monday after the ship was scuttled . scroll down for video . rogue fishermen are believed to have scuttled this ship , thunder from lagos to cover up illegal fishing . charity sea shepherd had been tracking the thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of africa . the fishing vessel sank in perfect conditions , leading to suspicions that it had been deliberately scuttled . sea shepherd 's vessels bob barker and sam simon rescued the men from the ocean . the thunder had been fishing in the waters between sao tome and principe , off the west coast of africa . bob barker 's captain peter hammarstedt said : ' it is an incredibly suspicious situation , to say the least . ' when my chief engineer boarded the thunder in the hours leading up to the sinking , he was able to confirm that there were clear signs that the vessel was intentionally scuttled . ' usually when a vessel is sinking , the captain will close all hatches so as to maintain buoyancy . however , on the thunder , the reverse was done - doors and hatches were tied open and the fishhold was opened . ' sea shepherd said the crew were given food and water and were transferred to sam simon . video recorded by the activist group showed the ship sinking just hours after it said thunder issued a distress signal on monday afternoon . the thunder 's crew of 40 all managed to escape into life rafts before the vessel sunk to the ocean bottom . members of sea shepherd launched rescue boats to rescue the members of crew from the ocean . watertight doors on board the thunder were dogged open increasing suspicion that the vessel was scuttled . hammarstedt said thunder 's captain , who was not named , complained about being rescued and ' started applauding and cheering ' when the vessel sank . he told the sydney morning herald : ' we 've been chasing the thunder for 110 days now , and i think they 're basically at the end of their fuel , and they would have had to make a port call . ' i think the captain of the thunder made the decision that he preferred the physical evidence on board ... was better on the ocean bottom than going into port with him . ' thunder , on a list of boats deemed to have engaged in illegal , unreported , or unregulated fishing activities by multi-national body the conservation of antarctic marine living resources ( ccamlr ) , is suspected of illegal fishing for patagonian toothfish and other rare species in the antarctic . toothfish is sold as chilean sea bass , which is popular in high-end restaurants . it sells primarily in the united states , europe and japan , although there is also a growing market in china . sea shepherd 's vessel bob barker , pictured , had been tracking the thunder for more than 100 days . 