a san diego man who operated a ' revenge porn ' website and then charged victims to remove nude images and their personal information was sentenced friday to 18 years in state prison , the attorney general 's office said . kevin bollaert , 28 , was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in san diego superior court for running a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming . the landmark case was the first time a person had been tried for a running revenge porn ring in the united states . jilted lovers and hackers could anonymously post nude photos of people without their consent , along with personal information about them , at a website bollaert created and moderated , called ugotposted.com . more than 10,000 images , mainly of women , were posted between december 2012 and september 2013 . crying in court : kevin bollaert , 28 , broke down in tears at his sentencing hearing in san diego on friday . he was facing a maximum of 20 years but was given 18 , with the judge saying the sentence accurately reflected the amount of victims he hurt . shameful : in a first-of-its-kind ruling , bollaert was sentenced t 18 years for running a ' revenge porn ' site , publishing nude and embarassing photos of women sent in anonymously by people wanting to hurt them . people who sought to have the explicit images taken down were directed to changemyreputation.com and charged $ 250 to $ 350 to remove the racy content . victims included teachers , wives and professionals . the compromising photos cost people jobs , damaged relationships and led to one attempted suicide . bollaert earned about $ 900 a month in website ad revenue and collected about $ 30,000 from victims . bollaert 's lawyer had claimed at trial that the business was gross and offensive , but he did n't break the law by allowing others to post the explicit material . ' it 's gross , it 's offensive , but it 's not illegal , ' emily rose-weber said . ruined : in spite of the thousands of emails he got begging to have photos taken down , bollaert told investigators it was his life that had been ruined by the site . terrorized : some of the victims appeared in court , anonymously , to read victim impact statements . many said their lives had been irrevocably ruined by bollaert and his site . but the prosecution said bollaert terrorized women and enjoyed doing it . not only would he the photos , but the names , addresses and social media details of the people in them . many victims were inundated with harassing messages from strangers . investigators found that bollaert received thousands of distressed emails from victims , one who said she was ' scared for my life ' and another who said she 'd been ' getting nonstop harassing messages . ' the criminal complaint named more than two dozen people as victims , one of whom claimed she was thrown out of her home after her family found out nude photos had been posted of her . ' it ruined my life and i 'm still going through it , ' she testified . ' i lost my family . they think that i brought shame on them . my reputation is ruined . ' some of the women read victim impact statements in court , according to nbc san diego . one victim said : ' it 's just broken me on a level that 's not describable . the only thing i have left is shame and anger . ' convicted : kevin bollaert , 28 , was facing 20 years after being found guilty of extortion and identity theft for running a despicable scheme for victims to pay to have their images removed from his revenge porn site . mashable reported that bollaert , in an interview with agents from the california department of justice 's ecrime unit , explained the site was ' just , like , ruining my life . ' ' yeah , i realize like this is not a good situation , ' bollaert said according to the complaint . ' i feel bad about the whole thing and like i just do n't want to do it anymore . ' ' i mean i know a lot of people are getting screwed over like on the site . like their lives are getting ruined , ' he said . the trial of hunter moore , called ' the most hated man on the internet ' for running isanyoneup.com , is yet to go before court .