deep in rural south africa , a terrifying white supremacist movement is brainwashing teenagers to rise up in defiance of nelson mandela 's hard-fought dream of a rainbow nation . the far-right afrikaner resistance movement ( awb ) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of johannesburg to fight for a separate white state . by day , they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons , all the while being told of the danger from ' the millions of blacks trying to kill you ' . then by night , they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from south africa for good . scroll down for video . indoctrinated : teenagers take part in a military-style bootcamp run by the far-right afrikaner resistance movement which is training and brainwashing them into taking up thecause of creating a separate white state . ' i do n't have black friends ' : dion bernard , a 15-year-old nicknamed sparky , has a gun placed against his head during self-defence lessons at the afrikaner resistance movement camp near johannesburg . for dion bernard , a 15-year-old boy enrolled on the latest camp , the seeds of old hatred are already cemented in his mind . ' in the bible it says black people must live with black people and white people must live with white people , ' he says . ' you can not mix nations . i do n't have black friends . if they come to my side and ask to speak to me , i will say no . or i will turn my back on them and walk away . ' dion comes from a deeply religious family , part of a small but determined minority of afrikaner people who still yearn for apartheid-era politics . he is one more than 2,000 teenagers who have attend kommando core , an awb ' endurance ' camp for white youngsters , over the last two years . filmmakers followed their story for a controversial documentary called fatherland by tia productions . ' we want our own country ' : members of the camp burn the south african flag whle holding an afrikaner one . sinister : more than 2,000 teenagers who have attend kommando core , an awb ' endurance ' camp for white youngsters , over the last two years . the camp is run by colonel jooste , a veteran of the south african apartheid era . ' south africa is bleeding , ' he says . ' and this is why we have to train our people to be prepared . ' there 's millions and millions of blacks around you , smothering you ... and killing you . ' so you have to implement certain systems to survive and that 's why we say the only system we can go now for is not apartheid . that 's second prize . first prize is freedom . ' his lectures sound like something taken straight out of the slave-trade era . by day , the youngsters are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons . but by night , they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many probably hoped had disappeared from south africa for good . he tells them : ' we look different . we do n't look the same as them . ' they have thick lips . the lips are likely to curl upwards . ' okay ? we have thin lips . the negroes ears on the inside are totally different to ours . ' it 's much more sensitive . that 's why us afrikaners know , hit them against the ears and they 'll fall to the ground . because their ears are made differently . ' later , members of the camp are filmed burning the south african flag while holding the afrikaner one . ' no one will force us to stand under this flag , ' they say . ' we afrikaners want our freedom . we want our own country . '