the first dramatic footage of the hatton garden jewellery heist shows how the gang returned twice in three days to continue their audacious robbery - as it is revealed police may have to pay out millions in compensation for ignoring the alarm . the six-strong gang dressed in high-vis jackets were captured on cctv working throughout thursday night having successfully broken into the basement of the building in the heart of london’s jewellery district . shockingly , the footage reveals they returned again on saturday - spending another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping . scroll down for video . the mirror has obtained the first pictures of the six-strong gang which raided hatton gardens last week . images obtained by the daily mirror reveal the precise timings of the raid for the first time - as well as the fact they used wheelie bins to remove millions of pounds worth of jewellery and valuables from the safe . scotland yard tonight refused to confirm to mailonline whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the mirror , but it is likely to place even more pressure on police already under fire for not responding to the alarm . the footage begins at 9.23pm – just four minutes after staff at the safety deposit centre lock up for the easter weekend – as the first thief appears on camera carrying a black bin bag . it was unclear exactly where the cameras were situated , but at least one is aimed outside the building and shows a white van thought to be the getaway vehicle . over the following four nights , half a dozen raiders are seen lugging heavy-duty tools , including massive bolt cutters and a red monkey wrench down to the secure vault . each member of the gang is wearing builder’s overalls and high-visibility vests . at least one has a balaclava over his face , while others wear dust masks – but each one is partially reconisable . the first raider to appear has been dubbed mr ginger after the colour of his hair . another , wearing a builder’s hat , has been referred to as mr strong and is seen carrying steel supports that may have been used for the diamond-tipped drill that police say cut through into the vault . the gang is thought to have hidden in an office before abseiling down a lift shaft and drilling into a vault . the tall man – who wears an adidas tracksuit – carries two red tools up and down the stairs . another , dubbed the old man because of his grey hair , later appears to struggle for breath in the footage as he lugs bags from the vault . two other raiders have been nicknamed the gent , for his smart brown shoes , and mr montana because he is wears a sweatshirt emblazoned with the word . reports say that he has a shaved head , and possibly an earring in his left ear . at about 9.40pm the gang disappear into the building . at 7.52am on good friday , according to the footage , members of the gang can be seen again . the street camera captures the white transit pull up to the alley . on sunday , at around 6am , the gem thieves can be seen dragging heavy wheelie bins and several black bags back up the stairs . it has been reported these contained potentially millions of pounds worth of jewellery and valuables . the last trace of the raiders is recorded at 6.44am on easter sunday , when a white van pulls up and the gang load it with all the remaining equipment and disappear . detective chief inspector paul johnson of the flying squad , speaks to journalists outside hatton garden safe deposit ltd today following last weekend 's burglary in london . another suspect , riding a moped , may also be connected to the gang . the raid was not discovered until the following tuesday . the thieves apparently thought they had covered all their bases when covering their footsteps , but had failed to realise they had missed the cameras . a source told the mirror : ' this was clearly the work of a professional gang who planned this job down to every last detail . ' but they may have made a mistake in leaving this footage behind . ' the footage came to light as scotland yard was forced to admit it did not respond to a burglar alarm triggered during the raid - which could make it liable for million in compensation . that failure to investigate immediately left the gang free to work uninterrupted over easter and escape with gems and cash worth ‘ millions and millions’ from 70 deposit boxes - as can clearly be seen in the video . officers were informed that the warning had been triggered shortly after midnight on good friday . but they decided that the possibility of a burglary did not need immediate investigation . instead , a private security guard is understood to have made a cursory check of the building . last night , jewellers who rent boxes with the hatton garden safe deposit ltd security firm accused the police of incompetence and threatened to sue them and the owners of the deposit company . one jeweller , a 63-year-old named michael , said : ‘ as far as i’m concerned the police have got a lot to answer for . suing anyone is a last resort but it’s something i would consider . ’ a gang of criminals broke into the hatton garden safe deposit ltd over the easter bank holiday weekend . another jeweller called ryan , who runs a business with his father in hatton garden , added : ‘ it is just unbelievable that they could ignore a call from an alarm company . ’ the deposit firm has also faced criticism over the building’s ‘antiquated’ alarm system . security expert seamus fahy , 47 , said : ‘ it was a well-planned heist , but the lack of modern technology made it a lot less difficult than it should have been . ’ a scotland yard spokesman said : ‘ a grade was applied to the call that meant that no police response was deemed to be required . we are now investigating why this grade was applied to the call . ‘ it is too early to say if the handling of the call would have had an impact on the outcome of the incident . ’ 