a cancer-stricken grandmother was charged nearly £200 by easyjet to change her flights after she postponed her pre-booked holiday because it clashed with an 18-week course of chemotherapy . jane bacon , 51 , from east grinstead , west sussex , booked the ' final trip ' to sharm el sheikh with her husband peter , 52 , after being told she could die within months from breast cancer . however , she bought the £1,000-trip before doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemotherapy and contacted the budget airline to delay her trip after discovering she needed the potentially life-saving treatment . jane bacon , 51 , from east grinstead , west sussex , was told she would have to pay £176 to change her flights to sharm el sheikh after she tried to delay her ' final holiday ' when doctors said she needed chemotherapy . she has now hit out at easyjet after she received an email asking her to pay £176 to switch her flights , before signing it off with : ' i wish you a pleasant day ' . mrs bacon , who was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2012 , said she has been left in tears by the airline 's approach after apparently being told that its ' terminally ill policy ' only considers full refunds and not changes to bookings . she said she received an email from the airline which said : ' easyjet are unable to refund the fees that you paid for your flight changes . ' i understand that this may not have been the answer you were expecting . ' i wish you a pleasant day ' . mrs bacon told the sun 's andy crick and lauren probert : ' i just wanted to take on final trip with my husband . i was so upset i cried , i felt hurt . ' if it 's not bad enough that i 'm dying , i now have to find the money to pay to move the holiday . ' i thought they would show some compassion . ' mrs bacon , who was diagnosed with cancer in 2012 , said she was left in tears by the airline 's approach and request that she pay £176 to switch her flights . easyjet has since apologised and refunded the charges . easyjet has now apologised to mrs bacon and said it will be refunding the additional cost for switching her flights . a spokesman told mailonline : ' easyjet is sorry to hear of mrs bacon 's situation and we sympathise with her . customers can request a change or refund on their flights if a passenger on the booking is terminally ill , by providing a formal letter from the passenger 's doctor . ' we are sorry that mrs bacon was unintentionally charged the standard change fees . while we were awaiting the suitable doctor 's letter the customer 's travel agency made the changes online which meant the standard fees were charged . ' we will be refunding the amount that was charged to mrs bacon and hope that she enjoys her upcoming holiday . '