sheriff mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl outside a kfc in birmingham . a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after an 18-year-old was stabbed to death in a scuffle outside kfc . sheriff mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl which also left a 19-year-old in a critical condition . police were called to a kfc restaurant in northfield , birmingham , shortly after 5pm yesterday after reports of a stabbing . when officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers . a murder investigation has been launched and police were alerted to the fact that mr mbye had been dropped off outside queen elizabeth hospital in a white audi which then sped off . the car was later found by police abandoned in hickman gardens , ladywood . an 18-year-old man from birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody . detectives believe a group of other men were involved and are trying to identify them . forensic teams have sealed off part of bristol road south in order to search for clues . tributes for the 18-year-old from the lee bank area have been flooding in with many describing it as a ' tragic loss of life ' . dee webb said : ' awful news..what is happening to our children..another mother is grieving today for her son..this has got to stop..my thoughts are with you all ... r.i.p . ' and liz goodman said : ' what a terrible thing to happen and what a waste of a life . rip to young sheriff & thoughts are with his family & friends . '' tracie coles said : ' so sad , rip . this knife crime is getting worse another life taken too soon . '' police were called to a kfc restaurant ( pictured ) in northfield , birmingham , shortly after 5pm yesterday after reports of a stabbing . when officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers . a post mortem will take place later today to determine the precise cause of death . detective inspector harry harrison , from west midlands police said : ' my condolences go to the family of sheriff who are heartbroken at losing their loved one . ' i would like to reassure them that many people who were in the area at the time responded admirably to the terrible situation which confronted them . both victims were tended to , details of possible people or vehicles involved were relayed to police and vital clues were guarded . their assistance has been invaluable to our investigation . detectives believe a group of other men were involved and are currently trying to identify them . ' i 'd also thank those people who have helped us so far and ask that others follow their lead by doing the right thing . if you were in the area at the time , and you have not yet spoken to police , please do so now . ' you may have seen the actual stabbings or the argument and scuffle beforehand . you could have possibly seen the audi arriving at the scene or racing away after the attack . if you did , you need to call us immediately . ' this will have been a very frightening situation to witness but we are very experienced at supporting people who are worried about giving information . ' anyone with relevant information should call police on 101 . information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .