wellness warrior belle gibson sensationally admitted yesterday in a tell-all interview that she had made up her terminal brain cancer diagnosis . the 23-year-old founder of the whole pantry app came clean about her circumstances , telling the australian women 's weekly , ' none of it 's true ' . in the interview , gibson asked her former fans and customers who purchased her app and books to see her as only ' human ' . leading psychologist jo lamble told daily mail australia that this is a common reaction from people who are suffering from anti-social personality and narcissism disorders . scroll down for video . life-long struggle with the truth : belle gibson sensationally admitted that her terminal cancer was a lie in an interview with the australian women 's weekly . lamble has not treated gibson personally but said , in her professional opinion , she believes gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder . lack of remorse is a common trait seen in those with anti-social personalities , lamble says . ' a lack of remorse definitely fits in . it 's like - you do what you need to do to get what you want , ' she said . ' so if they need money they will commit fraudulent acts and steal , for example . ' while other experts suggested to aww that she could be suffering munchhausen syndrome , lamble believes this is n't likely to be the case for gibson . changing times : ' in the past , a need for that love and attention may have been in less dangerous ways ... but now technology has allowed it to get completely out of hand , ' says lamble . ' with munchhausen , they normally don’t just lie , they go much further to be sick . ' while they definitely fake illness , they also self-harm and don’t normally do it for money purposes , they do it for attention , ' she said . ' for example , they will go to lots of different doctors and shop around until someone believes their symptoms . they also might drink poison or swallow things or stab themselves , then ask , `` what’s wrong with me ? '' ' so i think in this particular case , she’s made up a story for fame , fortune , signing book deals - which suggests more narcissism and anti-socialism , ' added lamble . another common trait shared by narcissists is that sufferers are often very charismatic . ' a lack or remorse definitely fits in ... you do want you need to do to get what you want ' : leading psychologist jo lamble says that gibson 's actions point to both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder . ' narcissistic people will lie and build themselves up to be an amazing person full of grandiosity , wanting fame and fortune . they love to believe they are special and need all this admiration and attention , ' the psychologist said . lamble says this can often be a sign of neglect . this fits with gibson 's account of a troubled childhood - she was quoted in the women 's weekly saying she had to bring herself up - doing the dishes and cooking her own food from a very young age , for example . according to lamble , the common signs of someone showing an anti-social personality disorder are ... 1 . they deceive and lie . 2 . they lack remorse . 3 . they can be impulsive and irresponsible . 4 . they don’t respect the law . 5 . they don’t mind if they hurt family and friends , anyone is open to being deceived . 6 . they are very charming and charismatic . 7 . they have a certain attractiveness and draw people in . 8 . they show a real interest in people . 9 . passionate about things . ' neglect can lead someone to develop really unhealthy strategies to seek the love and attention they missed out on , ' says lamble . ' in the past , a need for love and attention may have emerged in less dangerous ways - a lie here , a lie there - but now technology has allowed it to get completely out of hand . ' social media has become the perfect way to gain that , we know anyone is thrilled when they get new followers - let alone hero worship , worldwide fans and book deals , ' she said . ' i worry about future generations with things like instagram , twitter , facebook and people constantly needing excessive praise . ' lamble says our social media culture is fuelling unhealthy expectations for young girls but also a way of accessing information that could be misleading . ' everyone laughs about dr google and how if you have some condition you should see an expert but that goes for all these self styled gurus in anything . ' we might want to buy into a story , it 's very appealing for people to love somebody who can turn something around and survive and particularly so if they are very marketable but any idolisation of someone is n't healthy . ' with massive followings and a glamorous story , young minds will follow that and believe it . our poor doctors must have people coming in every day and people saying this is what i 'm doing and why . let’s look at the science , ' she said . ' they love to believe they are special ' : ' narcissistic people will lie and build themselves up to be an amazing person full of grandiosity , wanting fame and fortune , says psychologist jo lamble ( pictured left ) . she believes belle gibson ( pictured right ) may suffer from a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder . lamble also believes that gibson could struggle to change without help . ' she might change her name and come up with some other scheme unless she shows genuine remorse , seeks help , and develops some insight . with what she is displaying , the prognosis is quite poor . ' according to the interview , gibson 's new management will be organising for a psychologist to see her .