a chef who rose from homelessness to own one of chicago 's most well-respected restaurants , moto , was found dead on tuesday , in the midst of a bitter lawsuit lodged by an investor . homaro cantu , 38 , was found hanging inside crooked fork brewery , the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner on the north side of chicago . an autopsy has been scheduled for wednesday , but authorities have already said they are investigating the married father-of-two 's death as a suicide . scroll down for video . tragic : homaro cantu , the owner of famed chicago restaurant moto , was found dead tuesday from an apparent suicide . apparent suicide : chicago authorities say cantu 's body was found hanging inside of crooked fork brewery , the brewpub he was planning to open with his business partner . married father of two : cantu leaves behind wife katie mcgowan ( left ) and their two young daughters . cantu and mcgowan met while he was working at chicago restaurant charlie trotter 's . the family pictured above in a photo posted to cantu 's facebook . friends say cantu had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in moto and ing , a restaurant cantu shuttered last year . last month , investor alex espalin accused cantu in court papers of co-mingling funds from moto to keep ing afloat , even though he advised cantu to close the business . he claimed cantu stopped talking to him after he confronted him about using moto 's bank account for personal expenses including , trips , meals , a cookbook and other unrelated ventures . according to the lawsuit , espalin initially invested $ 100,000 in cantu 's businesses and another $ 50,000 later on and had a 15 per cent ownership in moto . inspiring : cantu worked for famous chef trotter at his eponymous restaurant from 1999 until 2003 , when he left to start his own restaurant , moto . pictured above outside of moto with chris jones , chef de cuisine . strained : a month before his death , cantu was hit with a lawsuit from an former investor in moto and failed restaurant ing , who accused him of commingling moto 's funds to keep his other business ventures afloat . food scientist : cantu was known as a pioneer in the culinary field of molecular gastronomy . above , a dish of raccoon meat is made to resemble a road kill scene at moto . fellow chef matthias merges lives just a few houses away from cantu and his family , and last saw the chef four days ago when they talked about his business issues . ' we talked about berrista [ cantu 's cafe ] a little bit . he was asking for some advice , ' merges told dnainfo . giving back : after mentor charlie trotter died in 2013 , cantu helped start the trotter project to mentor high school and college students in trotter 's memory . ' he definitely had a strain , from all publicity going around [ from the lawsuit ] . as we all know , it 's tough . he talked about it . he just said , `` it 's a difficult situation . '' i told him just hang in there and power through it . ' i do n't even know what to think . i see his girls almost every day . ' cantu 's sudden and surprising death is all the more tragic considering his inspiring rise to success . growing up in portland , oregon , cantu struggled with drug addiction and was even homeless before he found stability cooking in kitchens on the west coast . in 1999 , he moved to chicago where he got a job at charlie trotter 's by knocking on the back door of the world-famous restaurant . it was at charlie trotter 's that cantu met his wife , katie mcgowan , who worked as a guest chef one night . the two married in 2003 and have two young daughters . ' they 're just a natural , young family , ' neighbor jean boisvert told dnainfo . ' i feel horrible for his two young , beautiful daughters . ' from february 1 , 1999 until february 1 , 2003 , cantu worked under trotter , one time holding the position of sous chef , before he left to start moto - which earned a michelin star in 2014 . when trotter died in 2013 , cantu helped head a non-profit called the trotter project to mentor high school and college students and which raised money to keep trotter 's restaurant open . cantu was known as a pioneer in the culinary field of molecular gastronomy , though perhaps not as famous as another food scientist in chicago , alinea 's grant achatz . edible paper and carbonated fruit are just two of the curious items served at moto . the culinary world grieves : fellow trotter alum graham elliot , now a judge on tv show masterchef , tweeted condolences after hearing about cantu 's death . ' i hear a lot of stories about a top chef coming up from nothing and going on to great things , but his nothing is a much deeper place than almost anybody i ever knew as a chef , ' chef el foss told the chicago sun-times . ' to go and to have success that he did . it’s just sad that it has to end like this , and we’re just pretty broken up tonight . ' foss last saw cantu on march 25 , when cantu agreed to guest chef at foss ' themed-dinner series . foss said he expected cantu to cancel , since an eater article about the moto lawsuit came out the same day as the dinner . however , he was pleasantly surprised when cantu showed up as agreed , though he says he did seem a bit ' withdrawn ' . ' he was definitely a little bit bummed out . but i did n't get the impression that it was going to defeat him . but i guess you get to a certain age and a certain time , and i guess the idea of picking up the pieces and starting over again could be intimidating . but i did not see this coming . i 'm just very shocked and extremely saddened by it all , ' foss told dnainfo . in the wake of cantu 's death , masterchef judge graham elliot , who also worked at charlie trotter 's , tweeted sympathy to his friend 's family . ' please everyone , send your thoughts/prayers to the family & loved ones of chef homaro cantu . a great friend , a horrible loss ; speechless , ' elliot said . • for confidential help , call the national suicide prevention lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here . • for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here .  