kingsholm transformed into the house of fun on saturday night as gloucester beat exeter to set up a challenge cup final against edinburgh . the cherry and whites delivered their most complete performance of the campaign to earn a place at the twickenham stoop - where they will compete for their first european title since 2006 . victory in the capital would also earn the west country side a home play-off spot for next season’s champions cup – however they would be forced to find an alternative venue for the fixture because of a pre-arranged madness concert in front of the shed . gloucester centre bill meakes celebrates after he scored the opening try for his side at kingsholm . gloucester lock mariano galarza wins a lineout as his pack look to set up another attack . ‘it’s going to be a huge final , ’ said gloucester director of rugby david humphreys . ‘ it gives us the opportunity to take something meaningful from the season . ’ it was a season-defining night for gloucester , whose mediocre aviva premiership campaign has fizzled out . they played with intent and purpose , establishing a foothold at the scrum to supplement their hard running around the corner . but they were unable to capitalise on early territory , drawing 3-3 after half an hour . greig laidlaw had opened the scoring and – to the tune of ‘ cheat , cheat , cheat’ after he craftily moved his kicking tee closer to the posts – henry slade levelled from 40 metres . cherry and whites flanker sione kalamafoni is tackled by chiefs openside kai horstmann . gloucester loose-head nick wood managed to get underneath anglo-welsh prop tomas francis , who was so impressive against northampton , to establish scrum dominamce . enjoying territory and possession , bill meakes scored off a deft grubber kick from james hook , with further penalties putting the hosts 13-6 up at half-time . jack nowell suffered a nasty gash through his scrum cap – adding to recent debate about the effectiveness of protective headgear – and his side edged back with six more points from slade’s boot . but gloucester responded with a short-range try from tom savage and another penalty from laidlaw . elvis taione and jonny may exchanged further tries but – with the game finishing well into saturday night because of the late kick-off – it was gloucester who were left to enjoy the party . exeter flanker dave ewers takes on gloucester's matt kvesic ( left ) and greig laidlaw .