eating out just once a week raises your risk of suffering from high blood pressure . those who frequently dine out or feast on takeaways are more likely to have pre-hypertension – elevated blood pressure – with just one extra meal out a week raising the odds by six per cent , a study found . eating out is associated with higher calorie , saturated fat and salt intake – all causes of high blood pressure . scroll down for video . a study found that just one extra meal out a week raising the odds of having high blood pressure by six per cent . stock photo . a team at duke-nus graduate medical school in singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension . of these , 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week , the american journal of hypertension reported . professor tazeen jafar , of duke-nus graduate medical school singapore ( duke-nus ) , designed and supervised a study to find behaviour associated with hypertension in a young adult population in south east asia . her team surveyed 501 university students , aged 18 to 40 , in singapore . figures on blood pressure , body mass index ( bmi ) and lifestyle , including meals eaten away from home and physical activity levels , were collected . the association with hypertension was then determined . researchers in singapore found those who frequently dine out or feast on takeaways are more likely to have pre-hypertension . stock photo . using statistical analysis , the researchers found that pre-hypertension was found in 27.4 per cent of the total population , and 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals away from home per week ; while the gender breakdown showed that pre-hypertension was much more prevalent in men ( 49 per cent ) than in women ( nine per cent ) . the findings showed those who had pre-hypertension or hypertension were more likely to eat more meals away from home per week , have a higher mean bmi , have lower mean physical activity levels , and be current smokers . the novel finding of the study , published online by the american journal of hypertension , was the link that dr. jafar 's team was able to show between pre-hypertension and hypertension with meals eaten away from home . the researchers said that what was also significant was that even eating one extra meal out , raised the odds of pre-hypertension by six per cent . dr jafar said : ' while there have been studies conducted in the united states and japan to find behaviours associated with hypertension , very few have surveyed a south east asian population . ' our research plugs that gap and highlights lifestyle factors associated with pre-hypertension and hypertension that are potentially modifiable , and would be applicable to young adults globally , especially those of asian descent . ' she said future studies should examine the effect of lifestyle modification programmes on blood pressure levels of at-risk people .