lewis hamilton has described his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the chinese grand prix , which has drawn widespread criticism , as ' a fun thing ' . one of the fundamental acts of formula one has been brought into sharp focus over the past few days following hamilton 's win in shanghai . in a typical moment of exuberance that comes with a victory for any driver , and following the playing of the national anthems , hamilton grabbed his bottle of bubbly and for a fleeting moment turned it on grid girl liu siying . lewis hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the chinese grand prix was ' a fun thing ' . f1 championship leader hamilton walks in the paddock ahead of the 2015 bahrain formula one grand prix . mercedes amg petronas 's hamilton ( left ) shares a laugh with red bull 's daniel ricciardo . hamilton says he was just acting on his excitement after winning the chinese grand prix . the pictures that followed appeared to show the shanghai institute of visual art graduate grimacing as the champagne hit the side of her head . the incident drew condemnation from object , a campaign group against sexism , which condemned hamilton 's behaviour as ' selfish and inconsiderate ' , and called on him to apologise . siying , however , has since defended hamilton , remarking to the shanghai daily : ' it lasted for only one or two seconds , and i did not think too much about it at all . ' she added : ' i think some foreign media are more sensitive about the topic compared to local media . ' i was just told by my employer to stand on the podium , and that 's what i did . ' asked on thursday about the matter ahead of this weekend 's race in bahrain , hamilton was relieved to hear siying 's comments . hostess liu siying appears to grimace as she 's sprayed with the winners champagne in shanghai . siying says ' i did not think too much about it at all ' after the brit driver was criticised by an anti-sexism group . siying laughs during the incident which she says the foreign media have been more sensitive about . hamilton gets his own back from team-mate and rival nico rosberg after the pair finished one-two in china . the world champion said : ' i had n't really heard too much about it until today . ' obviously when you arrive ( at the circuit ) you get a debrief as to what has happened during the week , so fortunately for me it has not overshadowed my week . ' ultimately it was a great weekend , and generally my actions are through excitement . ' this is formula one - the pinnacle of motor sport - and i 'd just won a grand prix for the team . ' you should see it was a kind of a fun thing . i would never ever intend to disrespect or try to embarrass someone like that . ' i do n't really know the reasons why people have brought these things up . ' this is a sport so many people love , and the more we show character and fun it reflects how great this sport is , and that 's what i try to do . ' it has n't affected me , and it 's nice to know the lady kind of wrote in . if she had wrote in and said she was really unhappy then perhaps i would be more concerned . ' 