a former defence minister has accused world leaders of concealing the presence of aliens . paul hellyer , who was a canadian minister from 1963 to 1967 , is now urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on ufos . ' much of the media wo n't touch [ the documents ] ' , he said during a keynote speech at the disclosure canada tour at the university of calgary . scroll down for video . a former defence minister has accused world leaders of concealing aliens . paul hellyer , who was a canadian minister from 1963 to 1967 , is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on ufos . ' you just have to keep working away and hope that someday you get a critical mass , ' he said , according to a report by ctv . ' [ the public ] will say , in one way or another , `` mr president or mr prime minister we want the truth and we want it now because it affects our lives . '' ' hellyer , 91 , first went public with his belief in aliens on earth in 2005 , becoming the first high ranking politician to do so . he claims that the aliens have ' been visiting our planet for thousands of years ' and are unimpressed with how we live . ' we spend too much time fighting each other , we spend too much money on military expenditures and not enough on feeding the poor and looking after the homeless and sick , ' he said . in this image , secretary of defense at the time , robert mcnamara ( right ) talks at the pentagon , in washington with his canadian counterpart , paul hellyer ( left ) , in 1963 . hellyer is the first high ranking politician to publicly state that aliens are real . watch the full interview here . last year , the former canadian defence minister declared on russian tv that aliens are walking among us . but he said they are refusing to share their advanced technologies until we change our polluting and warring ways . he told russia today 's program sophieco there are 80 different species of extra-terrestrials some of whom ' look just like us and they could walk down the street and you would n't know if you walked past one . ' in the bizarre interview , hellyer made a series of pronouncements about aliens which grew increasingly outlandish and sounded closer to the plot of star trek . ' we have a long history of ufos and of course there has been a lot more activity in the last few decades since we invented the atomic bomb , ' he said . ' they are very concerned about that and that we might use it again , because the whole cosmos as a unity , and it affects not just us but other people in the cosmos . ' they are very much afraid that we might be stupid enough to start using atomic weapons again . ' however hellyer told sophieco that most of the aliens want to help rather than destroy us . ' i would say that nearly all are benign and benevolent and they do want to help us , there may be one or two species which do not , ' he said . hellyer believes aliens are responsible for some of our modern technology including the microchip , led light and kevlar vest , he said . he says he has never met an alien , but has seen a ufo near his cabin on ontario 's lake muskoka . hellyer described several types of aliens including ' tall whites ' who are working with the u.s. air force in nevada . ' they 're able to get away with that ; they had a couple of their ladies dressed as nuns go into las vegas to shop and they were n't detected , ' he claimed . another group of aliens are called ' short greys ' who have very slim arms and legs and are about five feet high with large heads . a third group are called ' nordic blondes ' and hellyer said that if you meet one you 'd probably say , ' i wonder if she 's from denmark or somewhere . ' hellyer 's claims are likely to fuel conspiracy theorists who often look at nasa images for evidence of aliens . this image was taken by mercury-redstone 1a on december 19 , 1960 . ' it 's actually the earth in the background and the ufo is in space observing the mercury capsule , ' scott waring recently claimed .