bayern munich manager pep guardiola blamed his team 's champions league quarter-final first-leg defeat by porto on injuries . porto take a two-goal advantage to munich next tuesday for the return leg of the last-eight clash after punishing a sloppy bayern with two early goals from ricardo quaresma and a second-half effort from jackson martinez . guardiola said : ' we have players who were out a long time with injuries ... their legs do n't last very long . it 's a tough result to take into the second leg , but we 'll give it a go . ' pep guardiola says his side suffered with the injuries they are currently contending with in the squad . porto manager julen lopetegui said his side can now dream of reaching the semi-finals , but they will need to be ' perfect ' in the second leg . ' now we have produced a situation for ourselves where we can dream , knowing that we will need to give everything we have got to get through , ' lopetegui , a former barcelona team mate of guardiola , told reporters . ' we will need to produce a perfect performance in germany next week to progress . ' julen lopetegui says reaching the champions league semi-final would be a dream come true . ricardo quaresma ( 7 ) gave porto an early lead from the spot but manuel neuer was lucky to be on the pitch . lopetegui said the return from injury of goalscorer martinez , who had been out since early march with a hamstring problem , was one of the reasons for wednesday 's victory . ' with him back in the attack , we were able to press bayern with some force and give them real problems , ' he said . martinez , who capitalised on an error by jerome boateng in the 65th minute to round bayern keeper manuel neuer for porto 's third goal after thiago alcantara had reduced the arrears , said he was not yet 100 percent fit . the striker was a constant menace for bayern 's defenders and his tenacious harrying was rewarded after three minutes when he robbed xabi alonso before being brought down by neuer for a penalty that quaresma converted . jackson martinez ( right ) rounds neuer to slot home porto 's third goal and put them in control . martinez troubled bayern throughout and tackled xabi alonso ( right ) in the build up to the penalty . it was a similar story for porto 's second goal when quaresma picked the pocket of dante before beating neuer with a clever finish on 10 minutes . ' it was fundamental that we tried our best to impose ourselves on bayern and not give them a chance to settle , ' martinez said . quaresma also sought to heap praise on porto 's team ethic , saying hard work had proved the difference between the two teams . ' there are no stars here . we all work hard for our results , ' the forward said . ' the win is more important to us than the display . we have all worked extremely hard to get this win to give ourselves something to defend in the second leg . ' quaresma scores porto 's second inside 11 minutes as they took advantage of a depleted bayern munich .