bio security measures are being stepped up at brisbane international airport after mosquitoes that could potentially infect australians with debilitating diseases were found on three separate occasions . planes coming from south-east asian countries are being routinely fumigated before luggage is removed after finding the exotic mosquito aedes aegypti , which is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in north queensland . the mozzie is known to carry crippling viruses like dengue , chikunguya and yellow fever . aedes aegypti , known for its black and white stripes , can spread crippling diseases like dengue and chikunguya . the blood suckers , who are known for their black and white stripped legs , were discovered in the international baggage terminal on february 17 , march 30 and again on march 31 . federal minister for agricultural barnaby joyce said there will be other measures to control the flying critters alongside fumigation , which include knockdown fogging , surface spraying , and treatment of standing water . authorities said if the troublesome mosquitoes had n't been detected they could have become a serious threat to the health of those living around the airport . mr joyce noted that tests were being carried out to narrow down exactly where the exotic insect came from . the blood suckers were discovered in the international terminal baggage on february 17 , march 30 and again on march 31 . “ this will allow us to better target our efforts to make sure none of these mosquitoes enter and establish in australia—which could have a devastating impact on our human and animal health . ' in february , authorities were forced to step up bio security at perth , adelaide and brisbane airports after exotic mosquitoes were found in cargo holds . “ there have been no further detections in perth , adelaide or melbourne since the new measures were rolled out . this is a good result and it shows the flexibility of our risk-based bio security system—when risk increases so does our level of intervention , ” minister joyce said . exotic mosquitoes are a serious health concern for authorities because they are the primary transmitter of diseases like dengue . in february authorities were forced to step up bio security at perth , adelaide and brisbane airports after exotic mosquitoes were found in cargo holds . dengue fever can cause severe flu-like illnesses such as a fever , headaches , pain behind the eyes , muscle and joint pains , nausea , swollen glands or a rash . the virus is transmitted to humans when an infected female gives you a bite . the world health organisation ( who ) reported that before 1970 , only 9 countries had experienced severe dengue epidemics . currently , the disease is prolific in more than 100 countries including africa , the americas , south-east asia and the western pacific . while vaccinations are being developed there is no surefire way to stop people contracting the disease if mozzies in the area have been infected . dengue fever can cause severe flu-like illnesses such as a fever , headaches , pain behind the eyes , muscle and joint pains , nausea , swollen glands or a rash . chikunguya can also cause a terrible rash , swelling , muscle pain , headache , fatigue , nausea or vomiting . while dengue isn’t generally deadly who said it can cause deadly complications like fluid accumulation , respiratory distress , severe bleeding or organ impairment , which present with symptoms such as severe abdominal pain , persistent vomiting , rapid breathing and bleeding gums . sixty-seven people in queensland’s southeast contracted dengue fever this year however all cases were contracted while overseas . sixty-seven people in queensland’s southeast contracted dengue fever this year however all cases were contracted while overseas .