a sports journalist has outraged social media users after publishing ' inappropriate ' and ' despicable ' tweets in which he condemned the commemoration of anzac day , mocked the digger 's bravery and accused them of committing war crimes . the comments from sbs football reporter and presenter scott mcintyre incited a hashtag that called for him to be sacked , and even caught the disapproving attention of minister for communications malcolm turnbull , after tweeting them on the day of the centenary services . ' the cultification of an imperialist invasion of a foreign nation that australia had no quarrel with is against all ideals of modern society , ' mcintyre tweeted on saturday evening , referring to the anzac 's landing on the gallipoli peninsula in turkey . scroll down for video . sbs football reporter and presenter scott mcintyre took to social media to tweet ' inappropriate ' comments on the day of the centenary services which have received significant backlash . mcintyre referred to the anzac 's landing on the gallipoli peninsula in turkey . ' wonder if the poorly-read , largely white , nationalist drinkers and gamblers pause today to consider the horror that all mankind suffered . ' remembering the summary execution , widespread rape and theft committed by these ' brave ' anzacs in egypt , palestine and japan . ' ' not forgetting that the largest single-day terrorist attacks in history were committed by this nation & their allies in hiroshima & nagasaki . ' the tweets were met with disgust by twitter users who began the hashtag # sackscottmcintyre . ' # sackscottmcintyre great day for australia ruined by this fool , ' darren gilmore wrote . mcintyre condemned the commemoration of anzac day and mocked the digger 's bravery . the sbs journalist accused the australian diggers of committing war crimes . mcintyre 's comments were met with disgust by twitter users . social media users claimed that the tweets were offensive and 'un-australian ' especially on anzac day . ' # sackscottmcintyre sbs sack this dirty traitor ! un-australian anti anzac disgrace ! calling anzac 's war criminals on this sacred day ! ' brian cox tweeted . ' come on sbs this disrespectful little grub needs to go # sackscottmcintyre , ' jimmy nuciforo added . mr turnbull also chimed into the discussion , tweeting : ' difficult to think of more offensive or inappropriate comments than those by @ mcintinhos . despicable remarks which deserve to be condemned ' . ' the anzacs died defending what this idiot is abusing - free speech , ' tweeted a social media user . one twitter user labelled the comments a ' resignation letter ' . twitter users labelled mcintyre 's comments an 'un-australian anti anzac disgrace ! ' mr turnbull also chimed into the discussion , calling the comments ' offensive ' . the hashtag # sackscottmcintyre began trending on twitter after social media users saw his comments . mcintyre 's comments came on the 100th anniversary of the tragic battle of gallipoli ( members of the public seen streaming into the australian war memorial , right , and names of fallen soldiers , left ) . others took offense at the comments as they were coming from someone employed through taxpayer funds . ' he should lose his taxpayer funded job , ' said one twitter user , while another said , ' not normally my thing , but since i am paying for it ... . # sackscottmcintyre ' . sbs 's managing director michael ebeid was quick to distance the media company from its employee 's beliefs . ' comments from @ mcintinhos are his own , disrespectful and not at all the views of @ sbs . we remember and commemorate our anzacs , ' mr ebeid wrote on twitter . some twitter users defended his right to free speech , and said that if mr mcintyre was fired for ' speaking the truth ' that was compromising his right . sbs 's managing director michael ebeid was quick to distance the media company . mcintyre 's comments were labelled offensive , especially in light of the centenary of gallipoli . 