burglars gutted a family home in what police have described as the worst case of ' mindless destruction ' they have ever witnessed . the intruders broke into a home in hatfield peverel , essex , flooded the kitchen , dumped the tv in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs in a wanton wrecking spree . they stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches , a computer , laptop and tablet from the house and left thousands of pounds in damage . these photos show the scenes left by mindless burglars after they ransacked a home - leaving the owners with thousands of pounds worth of damage . the intruders broke into home in hatfield peverel , essex , flooded the kitchen , dumped the tv in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs in a wanton wrecking spree . the group even stopped for some toast - leaving bread and lumps of butter out on the sideboard . there seems to be no method to the ransacking of the property , with cupboards open at random and emptied on to the floor . the group even stopped for some toast - leaving bread and butter out on the sideboard . the victim , who asked not to be named , said : ' there has been a tremendous amount of damage done to our home . ' it has been quite unsettling since it happened and i have felt uneasy thinking about it . ' our home has been ransacked without a second thought , it looks like they have just gone mad inside our house , intent on causing as much destruction as possible . the victim , who did not want to be named , said : ' our home has been ransacked without a second thought , it looks like they have just gone mad inside our house , intent on causing as much destruction as possible ' . detective constable nick campbell said : ' i have been to many burglary crime scenes over the years , but this incident stands out as one of the worst examples of mindless destruction that i have seen during my career ' . the vandals also ripped into leather seats , leaving the stuffing exposed , for apparently no reason . ' a lot of my jewellery has been stolen , some of which had been passed down to me and has great sentimental value . ' i would ask that if anyone knows who has done this , please tell the police . ' detective constable nick campbell said : ' i have been to many burglary crime scenes over the years , but this incident stands out as one of the worst examples of mindless destruction that i have seen during my career . ' they have caused catastrophic damage to this family home which will take time and money to put right . ' i am intent on catching those responsible for this burglary before they strike again . ' 