russia’s first ever cat cafe opened its doors to customers and their feline friends this week . named cats and people , the cafe based in moscow invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea . alternatively , those who do not have a cat , can rent one for the duration of their visit and play with them in a separate room . all of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped . customers are allowed to adopt the cats , should they strike up a rapport with a feline over a piece of cake , but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview . the cafe was influenced by the many cat cafes that have opened up in parts of far-east asia , where they have become customary to many residents of cities such as tokyo . customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview . the cafe is the first of its kind to be opened in russia and was influenced by the many cat cafes that have opened up in parts of far-east asia . its inaugural opening was captured on video and felines can be seen dotted around the room on various ledges as customers enjoy cups of tea and coffee . the fixtures and fittings are catered to the cats and feature scratching posts , hammocks and even feline-themed wallpaper . the cafe is based in moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets when they go for a cup of tea . co-owner oleg agronovich says almost every cat and animal fan would like to see a place like this near them . toys are also available to the guests and one customer can be seen holding a feather dangler while interacting with a cat . oleg agronovich , co-owner of the cafe , also makes an appearance in the short clip . he says : ‘ almost every cat and animal fan would like to see a place like this near them , where they can communicate with animals and just relax . ’ all of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped .