barclays chairman sir david walker defended the bank’s decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses . furious barclays shareholders vented frustration at the generous pay packages handed to hundreds of its top traders yesterday – with one investor asking : ‘ what has their “talent” ever done for us ? ’ the scandal-hit lender faced a barrage of criticism from long-suffering investors , many of them pensioners , at its annual general meeting in london . shareholders are reeling from big losses in their investments and pension funds as barclays’ share price has plunged since the financial crisis . last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to £2.3billion after it was hit by huge bills for wrongdoing . but yesterday chairman sir david walker defended the bank’s decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses , including packages of more than £1million to 359 employees . group chief executive antony jenkins saw his pay package more than triple to £5.5million , after opting to accept a £1.1million bonus . facing criticism over the pay package , sir david claimed the bank needed to pay ‘competitively’ to attract the best talent . but the argument received short shrift from investors who have seen barclays fork out billions for various scandals while the share price has fallen from £7 to just under £2.60 . during the height of the financial crisis in 2009 they fell to 47p , leaving many savers who sold their shares with huge losses . shareholder phil clarke said : ‘ employees should share the wealth created by great companies . my problem is what happens when there is no success – and there is limited success in this company . ’ referring to monty python’s ‘ what have the romans ever done for us’ sketch , mr clarke said : ‘i’d like to paraphrase monty python and ask what has all this “talent” done for us ? ‘ the answer is this talent has made losses for shareholders , destroyed value and dragged our reputation through the mud to the extent that banker has become a dirty word . yet these people have enjoyed massive salaries and we’ve paid for it . ’ at the meeting , barclays’ bosses referred repeatedly to the moral values of the bank’s quaker founders , with chairman sir david describing how they ‘ relied on their own hard work , pioneering spirit and moral code to become trusted figures in their communities’ . huge bonuses : group chief executive antony jenkins saw his pay package more than triple to £5.5million , after accepting a £1.1million bonus . sir david said the bank had to pay ‘competitively’ to attract the best talent . billion pound bill : barclays is currently waiting for a huge fine for manipulating the £3trillion-a-day foreign exchange market , and has set aside almost £1.3billion so far for the scandal . rogue traders in london orchestrated a worldwide conspiracy to rig interest rates , landing germany’s biggest bank with a record £1.7billion fine . several banks have already been penalised after traders were caught manipulating libor interest rates , which are used to set the cost of mortgages and are linked to trillions of dollars of investments around the world . so far total fines against banks including barclays and royal bank of scotland have hit £5.6billion . but the latest settlement dwarfs the £1billion levied against ubs in 2012 , which was previously the biggest fine issued for rigging libor rates . at least 29 employees were involved in the wrongdoing , which lasted between january 2005 and december 2010 . most of the rogue staff were based in london , but they also worked in frankfurt , toyko and new york – showing the global nature of the conspiracy . so far just 12 of the people involved in rate-rigging have been sacked , but us regulators have now ordered deutsche bank to fire another seven staff , including six senior employees in london . richard lloyd , executive director at consumer group which ? , said : ‘ rigged markets will ultimately hit people in the pocket , so the regulator must continue to take tough action . ’ jurgen fitschen and anshu jain , co-chief executive officers of deutsche bank , said : ‘ the bank accepts the findings of the regulators . we deeply regret this matter but are pleased to have resolved it . ’ but the comments incensed one pensioner – who pointed to the ‘criminal’ behaviour of barclays in the 21st century . barclays is currently waiting for a huge fine for manipulating the £3trillion-a-day foreign exchange market , and has set aside almost £1.3billion so far for the scandal . last year it was also forced to set aside £1.1billion for mis-selling payment protection insurance , taking its total bill so far to £5.2billion . michael mason–mahon said : ‘ the men who started it were honourable . but you seem to have lost your way . ’ he added : ‘ our society can not longer cope with bankers that are hell-bent on criminal acts , leaving shareholders to pick up the tab . ’ 