tesco chairman john allan claimed david cameron 's decision to promise an in-out referendum before knowing what powers can be clawed back from brussels means the cart is very firmly before the horse ' . tesco could quit london if britain leaves the european union , its chairman has warned in a swipe at david cameron . john allan claimed the tory leader 's decision to promise an in-out referendum before knowing what powers can be clawed back from brussels means the cart is very firmly before the horse ' . he suggested large firms like the supermarket giant could move their head offices from london to other sites in europe ' relatively painlessly ' , should britain exit the eu . the tory election manifesto includes the promise of an in-out referendum by 2017 , but only after reform of britain 's membership . it states : ' it will be a fundamental principle of a future conservative government that membership of the european union depends on the consent of the british people – and in recent years that consent has worn wafer-thin . 'that’s why , after the election , we will negotiate a new settlement for britain in europe , and then ask the british people whether they want to stay in the eu on this reformed basis or leave . ' david cameron has committed that he will only lead a government that offers an in-out referendum . we will hold that in-out referendum before the end of 2017 and respect the outcome . ' but in an interview with the independent on sunday , mr allan warns this approach risks backfiring , because it commits to a referendum regardless of whether a better deal has been struck with brussels . he suggested that a better approach would have been to lobby for reforms first , and then set a date for a referendum . he said : ' logically , you would have started with ' these are the reforms we would like to see enacted within the eu ' and then , at the end of the process , determine whether or not you 've made enough progress and then decide if a referendum is necessary . ' he said the idea that a referendum will be held in 2017 if a conservative government comes to power next month could have a real impact on people 's investment decisions . ' it 's a question of weighing up the pluses and minuses . this issue of the eu referendum and the uncertainty that it creates and the possibility that it could lead to britain leaving the eu is a particularly heavy kind of pebble to put in the scales , ' he told the paper . david cameron , pictured today , has promised to renegotiate britain 's membership of the eu before holding an in-out referendum by 2017 . mr allan , who described his political leaning as being ' pretty close to the centre ' , was not among the more than 100 senior business leaders who signed an open letter last month praising the tory government and warning that labour could ' put the recovery at risk ' . he said he did not think it was advisable to ' choose sides ' as firms will have to work with whichever party or parties form the next government . mr allan also warned the political parties to be careful in their approach in dealing with the issue of immigration , saying they had been ' spooked ' by ukip into making declarations on the issue . ' there are problems ... that need to be sorted out , but i think the answer is not to lock the door and throw the key away , ' he said . labour leader ed miliband issued a plea to tory voters worried about leaving the eu to back him instead . in an interview with the observer he said : ' i am a politician of the left , but i am positioned where the mainstream of politics is positioned . i am on the centre ground of politics , ' ' i want to reach out to tory voters , to liberal democrat voters , to ukip voters , to non-voters ... to people who feel that david cameron ca n't answer the challenge of our time , who worry about our place in the european union , who really think to themselves , ' we can do a lot better as a country ' . ' 