dion dublin made his presenting debut on monday morning as the former footballer co-hosted bbc television show homes under the hammer . the former aston villa frontman joined regular hosts martin roberts and lucy alexander for the popular property renovation series as he looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in dartford . ' great to be here . and as you know property can be incredibly rewarding but can throw up some unexpected surprises and we 've seen many of those on home under the hammer , ' said dublin following his introduction . dion dublin made his home under the hammer debut as a co-host on monday morning . the former footballer seemed to be in his element as he discusses property renovation . homes under the hammer airs weekdays on bbc1 at 10am . hosts lucy , martin and dion follow house buyers from the auction room , through the troublesome process of renovating the houses they have bought . the presenters meet the buyers and make suggestions on how best to improve the property . but , ultimately , let the buyers make their own decisions . later , they return to the property to meet the buyers and find out how improvement works have progressed . finally a selection of local estate agents visit the property , value it and the buyers discover if they have made themselves a profit . the 45-year-old certainly seemed to know his stuff as he pointed the way around the run-down property and was brimming with ideas for first-time property developers mike and lucia . ' the kitchen needs an overhaul . it 's all a bit 80s and needs a refurbishment . ' you could knock through the dividing wall and give yourself a kitchen diner , ' expressed the retired striker as he crouched down inside the lounge . ' you could even put this wall back in to give yourself a separate lounge and you could put a table and chairs in here . i can watch the football in here and be undisturbed . ' mike and lucia bought the dartford property at auction for £215,000 and gave themselves a budget of just £10,000 with an original plan to replace the windows and doors . dublin talks with first time property developers mike and lucia , who had purchased the semi-detached house . a before shot of the three bedroom semi-detached house in dartford . mike and lucia bought the property for £215,000 and hoped to sell it on for close to £270,000 . unfortunately the semi-detached house needed more work than originally thought as mike revealed the pair had to spend between £25,000 and £35,000 leaving them with a total spend of £245,000 . ' oh dear , ' said dublin , before claiming the pair had made the right decision and could be set for a profit of around £25,000 if the property is re-sold for it 's new estimated value of between £260,000 and £280,000 . dublin - who has a long-held interest in the property market from his football career- received plenty of plaudits from viewers via social media including high praise from ibf world super bantamweight champion carl frampton . the 45-year-old was full of ideas when it came to how the property should be renovated . dublin received plenty of plaudits from viewers via social media including high praise from carl frampton . he tweeted : ' hold the phone ! @ diondublinsdube is presenting homes under the hammer ! ! ! the best show on tv just got better ' . speaking ahead of his first appearance , the four-cap england international said : ' i am thrilled to be joining martin and lucy on homes under the hammer . ' i have a passion for property and look forward to meeting people on the show who share that passion . ' after retiring in may 2008 , dublin has gone on to forge a career in television and radio punditry as well as launching his own percussion instrument , ' the dube ' . jo street , acting controller of bbc daytime , says : ' i am thrilled that dion dublin is joining the homes under the hammer line-up . he shares martin and lucy 's passion for properties and people and his warm personality make him the perfect addition to the family . ' the former aston villa hero will appear regularly on the 19th series of the programme later this year . dublin , who has four caps for england , said he was thrilled to be joining , having held a long interest in property .