the battle of the batteries is hotting up . reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars can run for . and sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable . reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars ( pictured ) can run for . sources told the wall street journal that the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable . the reports were made by alistair barr in the wall street journal . google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former apple battery expert dr ramesh bhardwaj began leading a testing team . mr barr explained that dr. bhardwaj recently described how 'solid-state , thin-film batteries could be used in smartphones and other mobile devices that are thinner , bendable , wearable and even implantable in the human body . ' he also referenced a video for project loon that revealed how google has been working with experts at allcell technologies to develop batteries that function at subfreezing temperatures . this is vital for google 's project loon balloons designed to float near the stratosphere and provide internet to wider areas . google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former apple battery expert dr ramesh bhardwaj began leading a testing team . in a video for project loon ( pictured ) , google revealed it has been working with experts at allcell technologies to develop batteries that function at subfreezing temperatures . fan site appleinsider recently spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries . these include one for an ios battery life software engineer ( pictured left ) and another for ios software power systems engineer ( pictured right ) . the allcell technology uses wax and a graphite material , for example , to help lithium-ion batteries absorb heat and spread it across the power pack . last week , a team of stanford university chemists unveiled an aluminium battery that can recharge in less than 60 seconds . apple defines the apple watch battery on its watch product page . it says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use . all-day battery life : this includes 90 time checks , 90 notifications , 45 minutes of app use , and a 30-minute workout with music . audio playback : the battery will last up to 6.5 hours when playing music . talk time : apple said the watch can be used for up to three hours for calls . workout : during this test the watch lasted for seven hours when a workout session was active and the heart rate sensor was on . watch : when used as a watch the device will last for 48 hours if checked five times an hour . power reserve : when the apple watch 's battery gets low it switches into power reserve mode letting users tell the time for up to 72 hours - with four time checks an hour . charging time : the company said it takes 1.5 hours to charge the watch to 80 % and 2.5 hours for a full charge . apple 's tests were carried out in march 2015 with a pre-production apple watch and software paired with an iphone using pre-production software . apple said battery life varies with environmental factors , use , configuration , and ' many other factors ' so actual results will vary . it is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery which is 'fast-charging , long-lasting and inexpensive ' and is more environmentally friendly than alkaline batteries . it also ca n't catch fire like lithium-ion technology . at present the rechargeable aluminium battery generates about two volts of electricity , the highest achieved yet with aluminium , ' but the researchers said the battery has only half the voltage of existing technology . and google is n't the only tech giant working on such plans . last month , apple began recruiting for experts to help boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops . at least nine job listings were discovered by fan site appleinsider and include listings for an ios battery life software engineer , a software power systems engineer , battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer . in particular , the ios software power systems engineer role said the successful candidate ' will be working on design and development of software for triage of battery life issues , modeling of power consumed by different parts of the system , and analytics to understand large scale battery life trends . ' atmel also recently announced its latest microcontrollers ( mcus ) that can be fitted to a variety of gadgets and are so low power they can harvest energy from a person 's body . the sam l microcontrollers are part of atmel 's 32-bit arm-based mcu range and are powered by chip maker arm 's cortex m0+ 32-bit processors . a number of apple devices , including the iphone 5s and ipad air are powered by chips based around arm technology . a team of stanford university chemists recently unveiled an aluminium battery that can fully recharge in less than 60 seconds . it is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery which is 'fast-charging , long-lasting and inexpensive ' and is more environmentally friendly than alkaline batteries . last month , atmel released its latest microcontrollers ( mcus ) for a variety of gadgets that are so low power they can even harvest energy from a person 's body . atmel said its mcus extend ' battery life from years to decades , reducing the number of times batteries need to be changed in devices ' . atmel said its mcus extend ' battery life from years to decades , reducing the number of times batteries need to be changed in devices such as fire alarms , healthcare , medical , wearable , and devices placed in rural , agriculture , offshore and other remote areas . ' they use a third of the power of rival chips and tests have shown they are the lowest power microprocessor ever made . the microcontrollers run on the firm 's picopower technology and atmel 's event system that makes different parts of the device work together to carry out tasks . by effectively ' sharing ' energy , the whole device uses less power and , subsequently , less battery . it can also manage how much energy is being used by other components to make them as efficient as possible . plus , the technology is so low power it can harvest energy from the body using changes in temperature . during a demonstration of the microcontrollers at this year 's ces , andreas eieland , atmel 's director of product marketing demonstrated how he could power a radio by placing his hand on a panel . this panel recognised a change in temperature between the hand and the room and this was harvested to create charge .