with easter sunday just on the horizon , christians across american observed good friday , which commemorates the crucifixion and death of jesus christ . ' way of the cross ' walks took place in ohio , pennsylvania and over the brooklyn bridge , among others . these were just a few of the events that were taking place all over the world as holy week , which began on palm sunday , nears its end . tens of thousands of people flocked to pope francis ' good friday torchlight procession at the colosseum in rome . the pope used the service to stress the persecution of christians . on thursday the pope washed the feet of 12 inmates and a baby at rome 's main prison in a pre-easter ritual meant to show his willingness to serve . new york . a ' way of the cross ' procession makes its way from brooklyn to lower manhattan on good friday in new york . firefighter john bartlett holds the cross as the procession reaches lower manhattan . the way of the cross is made up of fourteen stations that are related to the hours of jesus christ 's life leading up to and after his crucifixion . the stations include jesus carrying the cross , jesus being nailed to the cross and jesus being placed in the tomb . california . an actor portraying jesus carries a cross as he leads a religious procession in los angeles . the actors , which are also portraying roman soldiers , are reenacting the crucifixion of jesus christ . there is no celebration of mass on good friday , which many people fast on and abstain from meat . good friday is observed as a national holiday in a number of countries , including australia , brazil , spain and the united kingdom . good friday is not a government holiday in the united states but various states observe it as one , including connecticut , louisiana , texas and new jersey . indiana . an actor portraying jesus is lashed by ' the romans ' during a reenactment of the good friday story in laporte , indiana . during the reenactment , a woman tries to comfort jesus as he rests for a moment . an actor portraying jesus is raised on his cross during st. joseph catholic church 's rendition of the crucifixion . pennsylvania . 11-year-old t.j. new carries a wooden cross as members of the forest hills ministries march between two methodist churches in sidman , pennsylvania . members of holy annunciation church in hazleton walked for two miles throughout the city to commemorate the stations of the cross . during the procession women of the parish dressed as the women of jerusalem and wept as jesus died . at the 12th station , jesus , portrayed by luis arias , is nailed to the cross . mississippi . the crucifixion of christ is reenacted by members of the hispanic ministry of the cathedral of st. peter the apostle in the passion of christ in downtown jackson . cathedral rector fr . anthony quyet nguyen , right , leads parishioners during the reenacting of the passion of christ in smith park . victor gomez , assuming the role of jesus christ , carries the cross during the reenaction . a number of members of the church played roles and dressed up for the reenactment . the group is the largest and oldest catholic hispanic ministry in the jackson diocese . ohio . reverand joshua michaels carries a cross at the start of a good friday cross walk in andover . participants in a good friday cross walk along route 7 in the village of andover . nicholas prill , right , and neftali ortiz carry a large wooden cross during the ashtabula area ministerium cross walk . participants make their way through ashtabula . good friday is followed by holy saturday , which commemorates the day that jesus christ 's body lay in the tomb .