parents have been outraged to discover a heritage railway attraction was used to shoot a ' hardcore schoolgirl ' porn film . the 28 minute movie in which a woman , dressed as a school girl , has sex with a man in a vintage train carriage was filmed on board the epping ongar historic railway in south-west essex . locals in the area were shocked to learn the location , a favourite with families and children , had been rented out by its bosses to american adult film company brazzers , the brentwood gazette reported . scroll down for video . in the 28 minute movie a woman dressed as a school girl has sex with a man on board an epping ongar train . the storyline , which is apparently set in the 1940s , then moves to a wooden-panelled train carriage . locals were shocked to learn the location had been rented out to american adult film company brazzers . in the opening scene of the pornographic film a young woman dressed as a school girl walks along the clearly recognisable train station platform . the storyline , which is apparently set in the 1940s , then moves to one of the attraction 's wooden-panelled train carriages where the pair have sex on the seats . parents were quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified by the decision to use the railway as the setting for the porn film , which has now been viewed more than 235,000 times . mum-of-two amanda mendel from fyfield road in rainham , essex said it did not seem right that the railway should present itself as a family business and then allow the filming of ' an orgy train ' . she said she would be think twice about taking her children on the railway after what had gone on . mrs mendel added that the whole thing was ' disgusting ' . similarly carla ince 41 from in brentwood road in marden ash , said it was ' terrible ' and a ' stupid , disgusting decision ' . she highlighted its hypocrisy explaining that the epping ongar railway advertised itself for christmas and easter events . parents were quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified by the decision to use the railway . epping ognar railway has apologised for allowing the railway to be used as a backdrop for pornography . epping ognar railway has apologised for allowing the heritage railway to be used as a backdrop for pornography . its business development manager , dean wilton , said the decision was an ' error of judgement ' and that the attraction had put in place policy safeguards to ensure the refusal of ' any further approaches for this kind of production ' . he apologised for a second time for any offence caused . originally opened in 1865 as the final section of the eastern railway branch line , the epping ognar railway was run by london underground from 1949 . it ran until 1994 when it was closed and its passenger service was withdrawn . it lay in disuse until restoration to turn it into a historic site began in 1994 . the heritage line operates between ongar through north weald to the boundary of the london underground’s central line . it is connected to a historic bus line which connects north weald to epping tube station for the ease of its customers . the railway is predominantly staffed by volunteers as indeed are most heritage lines . the ongar epping line has been lovingly restored to ensure its features closely resemble the historical past . the station and signal signalbox at ongar has been painted and recreated to look as it would have on the great eastern railway in the 19th century . the north weald station box has been restored to its original 1930s and 60s appearance . 