the seeds of the josh meekings furore were planted during an otherwise unremarkable match between hibernian and dundee in the early weeks of 2013 . easter road striker gary deegan caught dens defender gary irvine high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge . referee craig charleston saw an incident , but not the gory details . the official had his view obstructed by bodies and because of that the sfa could take no action . the governing body immediately took the stance they *should* be allowed to use video evidence to review incidents the referee had clearly missed . they altered the rules . rules over use of video evidence to retrospectively ban players changed after this challenge by gary deegan ( right ) on gary irvine . pfa scotland chief executive fraser wishart disagreed , telling them so . and on thursday night he renewed his call for member clubs to put the genie back in the bottle amidst widespread unease at the fact meekings might have missed a scottish cup final because a referee and his assistants failed to see a handball in last sunday’s semi-final victory over celtic . retrospective action , believes the scottish players’ union , has become too far reaching . its tentacles now stretch to an uncomfortable distance . ‘ the referee had a clear view of it but couldn’t see the actual contact because of the two players’ bodies , ’ said wishart of the critical deegan and irvine incident two years ago . ‘ when the sfa told us they were considering changing the regulation to allow the use of video evidence , we were strongly against it . ‘ under the rules , they couldn’t charge gary deegan because the referee was the wrong side of the incident . they moved to change that . ‘ but as has been proven with meekings , it was opening a whole can of worms as you are effectively re-refereeing the games . inverness defender josh meekings clearly used his hand to stop the ball in the scottish cup semi-final . ‘ we warned this was too far and it would cause problems . ’ wishart takes no pleasure in being vindicated by the decision of the independent appeal panel which lifted a one-game suspension on inverness player meekings on thursday . under the existing rules , sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan was within his rights to charge the player . he had denied celtic a goalscoring opportunity with his hand . the officials had missed it and , reviewing the video evidence , the governing body believed it was a red-card offence punishable retrospectively . echoing the views of fifa vice president jim boyce and others , however , wishart believes the rules have gone too far . that the authority of referees is now being undermined for matters it shouldn’t be . ‘ the purpose of video evidence is not to catch minor things , ’ he continued . ‘ no player has a problem with anyone getting caught giving a fly punch or kick off the ball . they know they deserve it . ‘ i know the referees are not happy with this because steven mclean is being examined after the game . ‘ he made a mistake - but does he deserve the continued fall-out from that ? i don’t think referees , players or fans want it . now fifa don’t want it , either . ‘ we have moved now towards re-refereeing the game . steven mclean did have a view of the incident on sunday , even if he didn’t see the handball . ‘ if something happens behind a referee’s back – a fly kick – that’s not re-refereeing it because the referee genuinely doesn’t see it . ‘ but when referees have a view of it it’s different . ‘ steven mclean was in the ideal position to see it . ‘ the rule was brought in primarily for things that happen behind the referee’s back - but he and alan muir had a view of this . ‘ their vision might have been blocked - but there are angles where they are looking at it with no players between them . ‘ the fact is that we all make mistakes and funnily enough the biggest supporter for the referee in all of this will be the players . ‘ they will be annoyed , they will be angry . players know what it’s like to make a mistake . meekings has been cleared to play after sfa had banned him after deeming the hand ball a red card offence . ‘it’s a major mistake and that should be dealt with in terms of referee’s observer and their markings . but you can’t re-referee a game . ‘ we react to one incident - and what happened here was a reaction to gary deegan . ‘ the immediate reaction is to change the rules so it can’t happen again . ‘ but we can’t just be reacting to one single incident – it has to be wider than that . ‘ no one has a problem with penalising violent conduct . the sfa have to listen to everyone within the game . ’ wishart’s issues with events on sunday extend beyond the meekings scenario . inverness defender gary warren missed last year’s league cup final after contracting two bookings en route . agonisingly , he suffered the same fate at parkhead last weekend . in contrast with meekings , he *will* miss another final against falkirk under the punitive two strikes rule . ‘ there is an element of fairness when it comes to being banned from cup finals , as well , ’ added wishart . ‘ does gary warren deserve to miss out due to two bookings ? ‘ if you’re sent off for violent conduct it’s different , but it’s a once in a lifetime opportunity and for a player to miss it due to two yellows or a soft red seems like injustice to me . it needs to be looked at . ’