a devastating fire has caused serious damage to a world-famous hotel used as a setting for television’s inspector morse . the randolph , in oxford city centre , went up in flames this afternoon , with smoke billowing from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring the inferno under control . the extent of the damage to the grade ii listed victorian building remains unclear but aerial pictures of the scene showed gaps in the roof and exposed beams . the randolph hotel , in oxford , used as a setting for television’s inspector morse , caught fire today . a devastating fire has caused serious damage to the randolph hotel , in beaumont street , today . plumes of black smoke was seen coming from the hotel by those on the ashmolean museum 's roof terrace . the fire 's cause is not known and the extent of the damage to the grade ii listed building remains unclear . the five-star hotel , run by the macdonald chain , includes the morse bar , named after being used as a frequent setting for many scenes where morse and lewis deliberated on complex cases . cast and crew also stayed there while filming the detective drama . the morse bar has featured in episodes of the follow-on tv series , lewis , too . roads were closed around the hotel as fire crews fought to stop the flames spreading , while its staff and guests were evacuated . firefighters will remain overnight at the scene of the fire , which is not believed to be suspicious and is thought to have started in the ground floor kitchen . an aerial view over the historic hotel shows massive plumes of smoke billowing over oxford city centre . the fire is not believed to be suspicious and is believed to have started in the ground floor kitchen . the extent of the damage is unclear , but pictures of the scene showed gaps in the roof and exposed beams . no-one was believed to be injured and guests and staff evacuated to the nearby oxford playhouse theatre . eyewitness anabel bacon , who was on the roof terrace of the ashmolean museum opposite the imposing , gothic hotel , said there was an initial plume of smoke , which stopped very quickly - but “ all of a sudden it resumed again with just as much force” . she said : ‘ the fire service was there very quickly after the second plume erupted , within five minutes . everyone was surprised… no one knew what was going on . ’ no-one was believed to have been injured in the fire , with guests and staff quickly evacuated to the nearby oxford playhouse theatre . it was not yet known how many people were inside the hotel at the time . an oxfordshire fire service spokesman said : ‘ the call was received by fire and rescue at 4.39pm and a total of 14 fire engines have been sent to the hotel - including two high-reach appliances . ‘ firefighters have not had to rescue anybody from the blaze and the building has been evacuated . ' roads nearby have been closed as firefighters deal with the incident . ' the randolph was built in 1864 by william wilkinson , an architect who also designed many other buildings in north oxford , and first opened in 1866 . there have been many attempts to preserve the grandeur of the building with major refurbishments taking place in 1952 , 1978 , 1988 and most recently in 2001 , at a cost of £4 million , which saw the redecoration of 119 bedrooms and the creation of three new meeting rooms . firefighters have been battling the blaze at the world-famous in the centre of oxford , since around 4.30pm . a total of 14 fire engines have been sent to the beaumont street hotel - including two high-reach appliances . beaumont street has been closed in both directions to allow emergency services access to the building . smoke was seen billowing from the roof as dozens of firefighters battle to bring the inferno under control .  