swansea manager garry monk is out to claim a season-first against hull on saturday - pick up some points after an international break . monk 's men have enjoyed an excellent campaign by being in the top 10 all season and are currently in eighth place with the club 's best barclays premier league points total in sight . swansea have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural premier league campaign in 2011-12 . garry monk is out to claim a season-first against hull by picking up a point after an international break . the swansea boss gestures towards his striker bafetimbi gomis during a training session this week . it is a campaign which has exceeded so many expectations but swansea have yet to pick up a point after an international break this term , although in mitigation those have been away games at chelsea , stoke and manchester city . ' international breaks are never easy because it does disrupt your preparations but we have to put that right on saturday , ' monk said ahead of hull 's visit to the liberty stadium . ' a lot of the players come back later on in the week and you might get only two or three days preparation with some of them . ' but these are the decisions you have to make , you assess them when they come back and see where they are physically and mentally . ' you see how well they did in those games , make sure there 's nothing from that and then select your side . ' but i do n't read too much into those games we 've had after the international break because we 've been unlucky in some of them . ' wayne routledge ( right ) marked by kyle naughton during the session as swansea prepare for hull . swansea captain ashley williams ( centre ) in training as they look to end their post-international break duck . swansea are seeking a double over relegation-troubled hull after winning 1-0 at the kc stadium just before christmas . but monk says games between the two clubs have always been tight affairs and he is not expecting anything different this time . ' i watched their last game against chelsea and thought they performed extremely well and were unlucky to lose , ' monk said . ' we 've always had close games with hull . it 's a tough physical game with them but they have got quality to hurt us if we 're not on our game . ' this is it , the business end of the season and everyone 's fighting for their own reasons . ' hull are trying to stay away from danger at the bottom of the table , they will be very determined and we have to be prepared for that . ' but we 're in good form at the moment and we 're trying to push on and focus on our own agenda . '