a 31-year-old british woman has died in a freak accident when she was crushed by a falling tree in the bolivian jungle while on her dream round-the-world trip . louise shepherd had been hiking through the remote madidi national park in the north-western part of the country when a tree toppled onto her during a storm . ms shepherd , from cobham , surrey , had taken a ' gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her sister hannah and college friend rose jones , both 30 . tragedy : louise shepherd , 31 , from cobham , surrey , was hiking through a national park in north-west bolivia with her sister and a friend when a tree toppled onto her during a storm . her grief-stricken parents , peter and christine shepherd from cobham , surrey said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday . mrs shepherd said : ' she lit up a room , everybody instantly liked her . ' we have been so moved by all the condolence cards from around the world . ms shepherd , from surrey , had taken a ' gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world . ' she was a special person and touched a lot of people 's lives . she was the kindest person you could meet . ' louise gained her first degree in business and marketing at the university of westminster in 2006 . ms shepherd went onto obtain a masters degree at kingston university in south-west london in museums , galleries and the creative economy , after which she took a position at the university 's alumni office . she formerly worked as a support worker for the disability and dyslexia support office . hannah shepherd said today that she herself was nearly killed at the same time as her sister . she said : ' it was like a tornado that hit us within seconds . we were told to run by the guides and heard a tree crack and then it fell . ' louise was killed instantly as she was hit by the full force of the tree . she was my best friend . she had such charisma and was beautiful and good to everyone . ' people just gravitated towards her . she died as she was having the time of her life - and not many people can say that . ' one friend said in an online message : ' a parent 's worst nightmare , lovely girl . ' ms shepherd 's former colleagues have also paid their respects on the university 's website . one staff member said : ' she was a beautiful young lady inside and out , and always a pleasure to work with . ' heartbreaking : friends and family of the popular university graduate have been paying tribute to her today . helen trott , the department head she worked with at kingston , said : ' louise had a passion for life and love of people . she was a beautiful young lady . our thoughts are with her friends and family at this sad time . ' the university has set up a book of condolences which , after being signed , will be handed to ms shepherd 's family . a kingston university spokesman said : ' louise was an invaluable member of the team and made a major contribution to developing relations with alumni across the world . ' she was one of those people who lit up the room wherever she was . our thoughts are with her family and friends at this sad time . ' staff and students are being invited to sign a book of condolence which has been opened at the university for people to make personal tributes in louise 's memory .