a judge has given a new york city woman permission to become the first person to legally file for divorce from her elusive husband via a facebook message . the woman 's lawyer says the ruling was made by manhattan supreme court justice matthew cooper . the daily news says victor sena blood-dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private facebook message . it will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until ' acknowledged ' by ellanora baidoo 's hard-to-find husband . attorney andrew spinnell says the couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony . first time : ellanora baidoo hopes to finally begin divorce proceedings with her husband by sending him facebook messages containing her petition to end their marriage . he says the relationship began to unravel when the defendant reneged on his promise to a traditional ghanaian wedding ceremony as well . because of this , the wedding was not consummated and the pair have never lived together . the ruling says blood-dzraku has only been in touch with his wife via phone and facebook . baidoo , 26 , has been ' granted permission to serve the defendant with the divorce summons using a private message through facebook , ' wrote manhattan supreme court justice matthew cooper according to the new york daily news . ' this transmittal shall be repeated by plaintiff 's attorney to defendant once a week for three consecutive weeks or until acknowledged . ' according to cooper , the ' last address plaintiff has for defendant is an apartment that he vacated in 2011 ' . indeed , cooper said that baidoo ' has spoken with defendant by telephone on occasion and he has told her that he has no fixed address and no place of employment . he has also refused to make himself available to be served with divorce papers . ' the ' post office has no forwarding address for him , there is no billing address linked to his prepaid cell phone , and the department of motor vehicles has no record of him , ' the first facebook message has been sent and blood-dzraku has not responded . 