commonplace they may be , but there 's nothing ordinary about camellias . polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers and brings life to dull winter gardens . and when the flowers open their '­alabaster petals ' — as the novelist balzac put it — camellias are positively regal . they are easy to grow , but picky about soil . if yours is acid , free-draining and nutritious , they 'll thrive , but they mope in alkaline or neutral ground . so , if your soil does n't suit , plant in containers in ericaceous compost . the polished evergreen foliage of camellias makes for a great contrast to the brightly coloured flowers . camellias are amazingly versatile . you can give them free rein or prune to keep them compact . i 've seen them trained on walls , bent over arches and even grown as hedging . tender kinds such as c. reticulata make outstanding conservatory plants . camellias are happy in sun or shade and grow as readily among other shrubs as in isolation . though frost will damage open flowers , the buds and plants of most are bone hardy . and unlike other spring shrubs , camellias stagger their flowering over a long time . perfect for pots . potted camellias wo n't last as long as those in the ground . they tend to lose their youthful charm after five or six years , but are not difficult to propagate . if you do n't want to buy new , take root cuttings and bring them on as replacements . the best time to take cuttings is between september and february , but you can try it now . select healthy young shoots for leaf bud cuttings . snip out sections , each with a single leaf and a little bud by the leaf stalk . sever each stem just above that bud and again an inch below the leaf . put the cutting in a mix of potting compost and grit or perlite and place in a cold frame or propagator . this is also a good time to buy camellia plants . you can see them in flower , select your favourites and enjoy this year 's display . the choice is vast , with 250 wild species and hundreds more garden varieties . camellia japonica — native to cooler regions of china , japan and korea — has given rise to the hardiest and prettiest . i grow sumptuous red semidouble adolphe audusson and single white alba simplex , which thrive in containers in our bracing lincolnshire climate . the williamsii hybrids are also gorgeous . developed in the twenties by j. c. williams , the former owner of caerhays castle in cornwall , they have a greatly extended flowering season . i grow the first-named of his progeny , st ewe . if the weather is mild , the single pink flowers appear in midwinter and continue until april . pink and perky . you may not have heard of st ewe , but you 're likely to know donation , britain 's most popular camellia variety . the semi-double , subtly veined pink flowers have a translucent alabaster gleam and it never stints on flower numbers . if your soil is borderline acid , williamsii camellias , such as donation , seem to do best . each spring , work sulphur powder into the ground round the plants at 200g per square metre to boost acidity . and feed camellias — as well as other lime-haters — with chelated iron tonic . otherwise , problems are few . premature bud drop is caused by lack of water in summer , so keep the potting compost moist . yellowing foliage signals a magnesium deficiency , but you can cure that with epsom salts . dissolve 20g per litre of water and sprinkle on the leaves and the ground around the plant . if , in mid-spring , your bush is disfigured by too many dead flowers , grab the main stems and give them an energetic shake . a storm of dead petals and debris will fly in all directions — but the buds will be unharmed and a glorious new display will be imminent . 