a man sentenced to death in the killings of a baby and her grandmother said he 's so dissatisfied with his attorneys he 'd rather be executed now than continue seeking a new trial with them . raghunandan yandamuri , 29 , who had served as his own lawyer before being convicted of murder , accused the attorneys of not responding to his calls or letters . he said monday in montgomery county court if his appeal keeps going the same way he would rather be executed immediately . raghunandan yandamuri , 29 ( left ) , of king of prussia , pennsylvania , is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder but says that he would rather be executed than continue with his lawyers . above , nov 2012 . yandamuri was convicted in the grisly stabbing death of satayrathi venna , 61 ( left ) and the suffocation death of her grandchild saanvi , 10 months ( right ) . judge steven o'neill called that ' a little dramatic . ' attorney henry hilles said he and colleague stephen heckman have spent more time with their client ' than has ever occurred in montgomery county history . ' ' mr . heckman and i met with mr. yandamuri at the prison tens and tens and tens of times at his request over the two plus years that we were representing him . it boggles my mind to hear him claim that we have not made ourselves available to him , ' hilles told the times herald . yandamuri was a technology professional outside of philadelphia and knew the baby 's parents in what prosecutors called a botched kidnapping plot . the indian national was given two death sentences in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old saanvi venna and 61-year-old satayrathi venna . he was expressionless as the verdict against him , which included up to 62 years in prison for kidnapping , burglary , and abuse of a corpse , was read in october . prosecutors argued yandamuri hatched the kidnapping plot to pay for a gambling habit . they said he was mired in gambling debts and told police he committed the crime after losing at least $ 15,000 at a casino . he told investigators he panicked after the grandmother , who had opened her family 's apartment door to him , was killed in a struggle over a kitchen knife he had carried . yandamuri , an indian national working as a technology professional outside of philadelphia , acted as his own lawyer during his trial before his post-conviction hearings were taken over by lawyers . yandamuri told police he accidentally dropped the baby , put a handkerchief over her mouth to quiet her and tied a towel around her head . he said he then left the baby — with her dark hair , huge dark eyes and white dress — in a trash-strewn , unused sauna in a basement fitness center and when he returned hours later with milk for her she was unconscious . prosecutors said that the man kept the baby in a suitcase in the trunk of his car for days and slashed the elder venna 's throat to the bone . yandamuri knew the baby 's parents , who also were young indian tech professionals , from his king of prussia apartment complex . the defendant had gone to a birthday party for the baby 's mother , had met the visiting grandmother and used family nicknames in a ransom note demanding $ 50,000 , authorities said . ' they both are working , so i thought maybe they have some money , ' yandamuri told police in a videotaped statement . ' my intention was not to kill anyone or not to harm anyone . i only tried to kidnap the baby . ' at trial , though , yandamuri argued two other men forced him at gunpoint to help and said he was pressured into confessing . ' mr . heckman and i met with mr. yandamuri at the prison tens and tens and tens of times at his request over the two plus years that we were representing him , ' attorney henry hilles ( pictured ) said . he also said during a post conviction sentencing hearing that he would rather receive the death penalty than sit through the hearings where relatives spoke about the victims , according to the philadelphia inquirer . his mother padmavathi traveled from india took the stand and said that her son had been traumatized since age ten after his father was killed in a terrorist attack . she said that he had previously tried to kill himself by drinking kerosene . yandamuri has tried to file motions on his own since the beginning of his appeal , but they can not be accepted because he is not representing himself . hilles and heckman plan on challenging the death penalty as well as alleged bias during yandamuri 's trial . all death penalty cases in pennsylvania are given automatic appeal up to the state supreme court level . earlier this year democratic pennsylvania governor tom wolf declared a moratorium on the death penalty , citing bias in proceedings , expense and inefficiency in repeated appeals . the state has not executed anyone since 1999 .