once in a while , a colossal chunk of ice breaks free from antarctica 's majestic landscape and drifts out into the ocean . in march , nasa was able to capture this remarkable event from space during a process that was months in the making . the monster iceberg , larger than manhattan , was spotted breaking away from west antarctica 's getz ice shelf by the u.s. national ice center ( nic ) . scroll down for video . last month , nasa captured a 17 miles ( 27km ) long iceberg being born in the west antarctica 's getz ice shelf . the image on the left shows the landscape before the iceberg broke three and on the right the monster berg floating in the ocean . glaciers in the amundsen sea of west antarctica are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels . measuring 17 miles ( 27km ) long , iceberg b-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into in the amundsen sea sometime in mid- to late-february 2015 , nasa said . the moderate resolution imaging spectroradiometer ( modis ) on nasa 's terra and aqua satellites took images spanning the calving event . b-34 is the 34th iceberg from the ' b ' quadrant of antarctica to be tracked by the nic . the new berg is still smaller , however , than the much older b-15t- a fragment of b-15 that initially broke off from the ross ice shelf in march 2000 . the first image ( left ) shows the iceberg on february 16 , when it was still attached to the ice shelf . by february 28 ( middle ) , it appears to have separated somewhat . by march 5 ( right ) , it is floating freely . b-34 is the 34th iceberg from the ' b ' quadrant of antarctica to be tracked by the nic . glaciers in this region are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels . large icebergs can have large-scale impacts on the southern ocean . for example , as the bergs melt , the addition of cold , fresh water to the saltwater ocean can affect ocean currents and circulation . researchers have shown , however , that even more fresh water comes from the melting of smaller and much more numerous bergs . the amundsen sea has long been thought to be the weakest ice sheet in the west antarctic . a study published in december suggests the barren region is haemorrhaging ice at a rate triple that of a decade ago . researchers believe that the melting of glaciers in west antarctica , which contain enough water to raise sea levels by at least a metre , may be irreversible . the findings of the 21-year study by nasa and the university of california , irvine claim to provide the most accurate estimates yet of just how fast glaciers are melting in the amundsen sea embayment . scientists found the rate by taking radar , laser and satellite measurements of the glaciers ' mass between 1992 and 2013 . they found they lost an average 83 gigatons per year ( 91.5 billion u.s. tons ) , or the equivalent of losing the water weight of mount everest every two years . scientists are hoping to combine images such as this with noises recorded from icebergs to detect the different ways that glaciers lose ice into the oceans . earlier this year , the incredible sounds of an ice ' cracking ' and crashing down into water as an iceberg were recorded by researchers.. . the scientists used underwater microphones aboard buoys to record a variety of iceberg births at the hans glacier in svalbard , norway during three days in august 2013 . the recordings were then combined with time-lapse photos of the glacier during the same period . by synchronising the sound recordings with the photographs , the researchers discovered that different types of ice loss are associated with distinct rumbles , snaps and splashes . they are interested in this because the ice floating around antarctica has thinned by nearly 20 percent , according to recent research . this is depleting the bulwark that prevents the permanent collapse of glaciers covering the southern continent . the study , based on satellite measurements between 1994 and 2012 by the european space agency , sheds new light on how antarctic ice responds to climate change . ice barriers have an average thickness of between 400 to 500 meters ( 1,300 to 1,600 feet ) and can extend hundreds of kilometers off the coast of antarctica . if the ice becomes too thin it would allow the permanent glaciers to slip into the ocean and start melting , sharply increasing the rise of ocean levels . researchers found that the total volume of antarctic ice changed little between 1994 and 2003 , but after that point melting markedly accelerated . ice in western antarctica declined throughout the study period . a slight increase in ice thickness was observed in eastern antarctica before 2003 when rapid melting began , leading to an 18 percent reduction of thickness compared to 1994 . ' eighteen percent over the course of 18 years is really a substantial change , ' said fernando paolo , a researcher at the university of california , san diego . ' overall , we show not only the total ice shelf volume is decreasing , but we see an acceleration in the last decade . ' if the rate of thinning continues , the ice shelves could lose half of their volume over the next 200 years , the researchers calculated .