the family of a four-year-old girl who was sexually assaulted and murdered more than 75 years ago have accused police of a 'cover-up ' after officers ordered that the case file be kept secret until 2040 . joyce cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from school in cardiff on september 28 , 1939 . the schoolgirl had been walking with her older brother dennis , who was seven at the time , but she disappeared when he lost sight of her . her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer . now , terry phillips , 71 , who is joyce 's cousin , has accused the metropolitan police of a 'cover-up ' after the force said information could not be released about her murder because it is unfair to the mystery suspect . joyce cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from school in cardiff on september 28 , 1939 . her body was found but her killer has never been caught . the front page of the south wales echo shows the newspaper report following joyce 's death in september 1939 , and reveals how officers want to track down a ' man with a slouch ' in connection with her murder . mr phillips , who was not born at the time his relative was abducted and killed , used the freedom of information act to find out more information about the case . he contacted the met about the killing - the oldest unsolved murder in wales - since the london-based force was drafted in to help south wales police with serious crimes at the time . he said that while he managed to establish that the force holds documents about the case , officers slapped an order on the file demanding it be kept secret for 100 years after the events concerned - until january 2040 . a decision letter sent to mr phillips said : ' a named subject who was a suspect is described derogatorily and should not be associated with these matters . ' as an unsolved murder , with potential of re-investigation at any indeterminate stage , practice to close for 100 years is invoked . the family of joyce ( pictured ) are accusing police of a 'cover-up ' for not releasing paperwork on the case . ' however unlikely - indeed remote - it may be that this case is re-opened , we have to afford for that possibility . putting information into the public domain will include naming specific persons who may yet be identified . ' these persons who may be living may have been witnesses and/or interviewees and who were not prosecuted and who therefore must be regarded as innocent parties . ' persons will have given witness statements in the expectation that their information would not become public knowledge . ' mr phillips said he ' does not accept the reason for refusing to release the documents ' . he said : ' this smacks of a cover-up to me . as a result of this decision , which i am appealing against , i would n't get access to the file until i was 96 , even if i lived that long . ' joyce 's murder had a devastating impact on the family . dennis never forgave himself for letting joyce out of his sight as they walked home . ' he never came to terms with it and died about eight years ago . ' the body of joyce , who lived in the whitchurch area of cardiff , was found on a railway embankment near coryton station just weeks after britain declared war on germany . it was discovered by a dog walker who came across her remains when his spaniel began barking . dozens of joyce 's schoolfriends turned out for her funeral on october 4 , 1939 , as documented in the south wales echo & evening express ( above ) . the funeral procession went through whitchurch in cardiff . joyce was buried at st mary 's parish church in cardiff and has since been joined by her late mother irene . police found a copy of the western mail newspaper and a tobacco pouch near her body , and outlined at least two suspects in connection with her murder . newspaper reports from the south wales echo at the time , reveal how police wanted to trace a ' man with a slouch ' in connection with the killing . however , despite interviewing more than one thousand people and following numerous leads , joyce 's killer has never been caught . mr phillips , who is desperate to learn more information about the case , has since been in touch with a leading forensic scientist who has told him that advances in dna technology could now make it possible to identify the killer . the family believe that had the murder occurred in modern day then her killer would have been caught . mailonline has contacted metropolitan police and south wales police for comment . 