a politics teacher at a £31,000-a-year boarding school attended by sir winston churchill has been banned from classrooms after he was caught on video exposing himself to a woman on a train . nuku vanonyi cudjoe-calvocoressi , 41 , who was head of politics at st george 's school in ascot , was travelling on a richmond to reading train when he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a 33-year-old female passenger . he has now been banned from teaching for at least five years following a hearing by a national council of teaching and leadership ( nctl ) disciplinary panel in coventry . scroll down for video . nuku vanonyi cudjoe-calvocoressi , who was head of politics at st george 's school in ascot , was on a train when he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a female passenger ( pictured ) . on june 30 2014 cudjoe-calvocoressi was convicted of indecent exposure at berkshire magistrates ' court following the june 13 incident on-board a train . the court heard at the time that he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to her . the woman began secretly filming him on her mobile phone and asked her husband to meet her at wokingham train station , where he confronted cudjoe-calvocoressi . cudjoe-calvocoressi left the station but was soon found and arrested by police and was charged with indecent exposure . when interviewed by police he initially denied that he had deliberately exposed himself , but when he appeared at berkshire magistrates ' court he pleaded guilty to the offence . at the school 's internal investigating meeting cudjoe-calvocoressi admitted that he had exposed himself - but said that he did not realise he was causing distress . following the court case he was sentenced to a supervision requirement , a community order which runs until july 27 2017 and was ordered to pays costs of £85 , compensation of £700 and a £60 victim surcharge . he was also told to sign the sex offenders register for five years . the woman filmed cudjoe-calvocoressi when he exposed himself on the train , leading to his conviction . the exclusive st george 's school in ascot ( pictured ) which was originally a boys ' school , has an impressive alumni including sir winston churchill , princess beatrice and even made in chelsea star kimberley garner . now , at the nctl disciplinary panel in coventry cudjoe-calvocoressi admitted the alleged facts and admitted that the conviction was for a relevant offence . imposing the ban on behalf of education secretary nicky morgan , nctl official paul heathcote said : ' there is no allegation that his actions were sexually motivated and his actions did not involve children , nor did he use his professional position . ' while his actions had the potential to cause harm , there is no evidence that they did so . ' in all the circumstances i agree with the panel's recommendation that mr cudjoe-calvocoressi be allowed to apply for the order to be set aside on or after 29 july 2019 . ' the ban means that he is prohibited from teaching and can not teach in any school , sixth form college , relevant youth accommodation or children 's home in england . he has the right to appeal to the high court against the decision . however , the door has been left open for him to return to teaching . in a decision imposed on behalf of the education secretary it was held that cudjoe-calvocoressi should be allowed to apply to return to teaching in 2019 when the five-year order that he signs the sex offenders register comes to an end . the exclusive st george 's school , which was originally a boys ' school , has an impressive alumni including sir winston churchill , princess beatrice and even made in chelsea star kimberley garner . princess beatrice on her first day at st george 's school accompanied by her parents the duke and duchess of york , in 2000 ( pictured left ) . sir winston churchill ( right ) was also a student at the prestigious school .