disarming images of the north korean dictator kim jong-un have emerged - apparently showing that he has hurt his wrist . the 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country 's capital of pyongyang in a visit filmed by north korean central tv . the footage shows the mysterious dictator waving and smiling to the crowds , with his right-hand wrist wrapped up in a white bandage . scroll down for video . pictures from state-controlled media show the dictator smiling and waving , with his right wrist in bandages . it is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the north korean dictator , aged 32 . according to a south korean official , quoted in sky news , jong-un must have suffered the injury in the recent past . ' he did n't have the injury when he inspected a military unit on april 4 , ' the government spokesman said , ' so it must be recent . ' doctors who have examined the photos say it is unlikely that he has fractured his wrist , and judged it to be a minor injury . the state of kim jong-un 's health is the subject of fascination around the globe , as he presides over the world 's most secretive state . kim jong-un resurfaced after six weeks of no appearances in october , walking with the help of a walking stick . there were rumours that he had had a gastric band fitted , or suffering from gout which put pressure on his feet . pictured here with army generals in 2012 , king jong-un is named the supreme leader of the democratic people 's republic of korea . he has previously revealed plans to launch nuclear strikes on us cities . in autumn 2014 he vanished for six weeks after he was spotted limping across a stage - sparking speculation that an attempted coup in the country or health problems including a leg injury , gout or a gastric band operation were behind the disappearance.. . during that time state media reported he was suffering from an unnamed ' uncomfortable physical condition ' . he re-appeared in october , walking with the help of a black cane .