at his lowest point in the 1980s , bruce jenner wanted to flee to europe for gender reassignment surgery and return to america as his children 's aunt heather . that was around the time his young sons asked their mother why their father had breasts . as diane sawyer 's explosive tell-all with bruce came to an end last night , his second wife published a blog detailing their love affair , idyllic marriage and the gender dysphoria revelations that led to their divorce after two sons and a seemingly picture perfect malibu life . linda thompson , now 64 , met bruce at the playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife , chrystie crownover , the mother of his two eldest children . they fell in love and got married in hawaii when she was already pregnant with their son brandon . a few years later they welcomed a second son together , brody . scroll down for video . former couple : bruce jenner and linda thompson ( seen together ) met at the playboy mansion . they fell in love and got married when she was already pregnant with their first son , brandon . they later had another son . as linda wrote on the huffington post , ' those were the happiest days of my life . i had a wonderful husband , who was the most athletic , high-spirited , energetic , easygoing , manly man imaginable . i had two beautiful , healthy baby boys . i had two great stepchildren . life was just about as good as it gets . ' bruce was travelling the world doing paid appearances and lived a glamorous life in malibu , frequently seeing his elder son , burt , and daughter , casey , from his first marriage . but when brody was 18 months old and brandon was three , bruce revealed to linda the secret that he finally told the world friday night . she was , she insists , blindsided . with a ' somber look ' bruce told linda - who had braced herself for the revelation of perhaps an affair - that he identified as a woman . ' what do you mean you identify as a woman ? ' she recalled asking . ' what does that mean ? and just as he told diane sawyer , bruce told his wife of four plus years that as long as he could remember , he felt wrong with the reflection staring back at him in the mirror . according to linda , her handsome husband told her , ' i have lived in the wrong skin , the wrong body , my whole life . it is a living hell for me , and i really feel that i would like to move forward with the process of becoming a woman , the woman i have always been inside . ' she insists she never saw it coming and there were no signs . family : the couple 's youngest son , brody ( left ) , was 18 months old and brandon ( right ) was three when bruce revealed to linda ( center ) the secret that he finally told the world friday night - that he identified as a woman . ' champion ' : on friday , linda , now aged 64 , took to instagram to express her support for her former husband . unlike bruce 's third wife kris , who walked in on jenner in a dress , linda says there was no evidence he had ever raided her closet or wore any women 's clothes . ' no . not a clue . nothing . nada . never , ' she said . the couple entered therapy after linda found someone who specialized in gender dysphoria , and the doctor ' broke my heart into a million pieces . ' she quotes the doctor as telling the couple of the sobering suicide statistics of transgender people at the time - 25 per cent committed suicide- and told linda she could stay with bruce as he became a ' she ' or linda could divorce him . but she could n't change bruce . while the couple was gutting it out in therapy for six months in a bid to save their marriage , linda writes , bruce was struggling . according to linda , bruce ' considered traveling out of the country , possibly to denmark , to have the gender-confirmation surgery and then come back to the u.s. identifying as female . ' with four little ones running around under the age of ten , she did n't understand how that would work . ''what about the children ? ' he thought maybe he could reenter their lives as ' aunt heather . '' while she says he referred to himself as heather at the time , he never revealed his female name to diane sawyer , referring to that identity as just ' she ' . as linda writes , she sobbed endlessly and was despondent about the end of her marriage , but as devastated as she was , her ' heart bled for bruce ' . linda decided she did n't want to be married to a woman , their marriage ended , and a few years later , she married music producer david foster . in the years during and after the couple split , bruce started taking female hormones . he detailed to diane that period in the '80s , saying that the hormones quieted and calmed his mind , while his breasts grew to a size 36b during the five years that he was taking them . linda remembers the time well , too , and also remembers the lengths he went to in order to change his macho facade . tearful : bruce revealed that he identifies as a woman in his explosive interview with diane sawyer last night . transitioning : ' one day , after having spent a little time at bruce 's house , both boys came into the kitchen and said to me , ' mommy , we saw daddy getting out of the shower naked , and daddy has boobs ! ' writes linda . ' thirty years ago the only hair removal that was permanent was electrolysis , ' linda writes . ' poor bruce began the process of having electrolysis performed on his heavily bearded face . he then began having the hair on his chest removed . ' and she - and their children - could n't miss his newfound bosom . linda writes that she had an open door policy for bruce to see his children , and he was welcome to visit brandon and brody anytime . but , and she does n't detail why , the boys never spent the night at bruce 's house and occasionally visited . most likely it was to shield them , as an anecdote about seeing their father undressed led to a lot of confusion . ' one day , after having spent a little time at bruce 's house , both boys came into the kitchen and said to me , ' mommy , we saw daddy getting out of the shower naked , and daddy has boobs ! ' and so she tried to cover for bruce , their father . ' well , boys , you know how your dad was super-muscular and trained very hard for the olympics ? he had big muscles , and some of those muscles are called ' pectorals . ' when you stop training and you stop lifting weights , sometimes the muscle turns to fat . so his pectoral muscles have probably just gotten a little flabby and look like boobs . ' soon enough , the exhausting coverup of his transition ended , and it was n't bruce 's gender dysphoria linda was protecting them from . bruce stopped taking hormones , did n't go to denmark , and started dating again . a source told et he had his breasts reduced . according to bruce during his abc interview , he chickened out of going through with it and stopped taking the hormones . linda then strongly hints that kris knew more about bruce 's gender identity crisis than bruce let on to during the diane sawyer interview . support : on the diane sawyer episode , brody and brandon both sit proudly alongside their father , supporting him fully as he enters the next phase of life as ' she ' . and their mother also wishes bruce well . linda 's second husband david foster showed his support for bruce after the interview . david was brody and brandon 's stepfather for 14 years- including the time bruce cut the boys off . ' bruce dated several women , even though he had begun his transition and showed signs of it . he had no facial hair , no chest hair , and boobs , and he had gotten a nose job and trimmed his adam 's apple . ' clearly he was still confused and conflicted as to how fully he was ready to commit to changing his life completely . ' then he married kris and stopped seeing his sons , the sons who 'd seen his breasts , for years . ' after bruce and kris married , there were periods of several years going by without bruce attempting to contact or visit his sons . no birthday cards or phone calls , no `` merry christmas '' , no `` everything ok ? '' after the big northridge earthquake . nothing . ' but , in hindsight , linda believes , the revelation of what her sons ' father was struggling with , and running away from , in the years he vanished from their lives , helps explain a lot . on the diane sawyer episode , brody and brandon both sit proudly with their father , supporting him fully as he enters the next phase of life as ' she ' . and their mother also wishes him well . linda took to instagram to support him on friday , hours before the tv show aired , writing : ' once a champion of olympian magnitude ... now a champion for those who share the struggle to just be who they are . # compassion # acceptance # tolerance # education # evolution # kindness # inclusion . ' and she ends her blog , ' i can now breathe a little easier , knowing he now has found the strength and the courage to fulfill his dream . ' linda divorced david foster in 2005 .