uefa have sensationally charged pep guardiola for wearing a t-shirt demanding justice for a journalist who died at last summer’s world cup . argentine jorge lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in sao paulo in july . guardiola was sporting the top - which read ‘ # justiciaparatopo’ - during his pre-match press conference before bayern munich emphatically dumped porto out of the champions league . the message appeared to support a campaign to investigate lopez’s death . uefa have charged bayern munich manager pep guardiola after he wore this t-shirt in a press conference . guardiola wore the top demanding justice for jorge ' el topo ' lopez who died in a car crash at the world cup . uefa say guardiola has been disciplined because of an ‘ incident of a non-sporting nature’ . jorge ' el topo ' lopez was killed when a taxi he was travelling back to his hotel in was hit by a stolen car . lopez was killed when a taxi he was traveling back to his hotel in was hit by a stolen car being chased by police . uefa revealed that the spanish manager had been disciplined because of an ‘ incident of a non-sporting nature’ , in a move likely to cause public outcry . the european governing body’s disciplinary regulations read : ‘ a breach of these principles is committed by anyone who uses sporting events for manifestations of a non-sporting nature . ’ they are to review the case on may 21 . on wearing the shirt , guardiola said : ‘ last week , the family has given me the t-shirt . i woke up this morning and knew that i would put it . ’ lopez was a highly regarded journalist in south america and his passing drew huge outpouring from the very top of the game . last year atletico madrid boss and former argentina midfielder diego simeone tweeted that lopez was ‘ not only a great journalist’ but ‘ also a friend’ after hearing of the news . lionel messi dedicated argentina 's world cup semi-final win to the 38-year-old , who died in sao paolo . fifa , diego simeone and javier mascherano have also paid tribute to lopez ( pictured with alfredo de stefano ) . jorge ' el topo ' lopez was working for la red radio at the world cup in brazil , as well as ole and spanish publications as and sport . married to marca 's argentina correspondent , veronica brunatti , lópez was well connected in spain , where he arrived to follow the career of javier saviola in 2001 . saviola and topo lopez remained close friends and he was ole 's correspondent in barcelona , a newspaper he had worked with since its launch . he had worked as a journalist for two decades , covering river plate and argentina for ole while collaborating with spanish daily sport while spending time back in buenos aires . in 2010 he became as 's correspondent in argentina was the journalist closest to lionel messi and the many of his team-mates . lionel messi also dedicated argentina’s world cup semi-final win to the 38-year-old . ‘ big hug to all the argentina fans and a very special memory for jorge “topo” lopez , ' wrote messi after their penalties victory against germany . ' this victory is especially for you , my friend . a big hug to the family , lots of strength . ' earlier this month javier mascherano devoted the launch of his new book to lopez , while he and messi were both pictured holding placards with the message on late last year . so too did legend diego maradona . both barcelona and atletico madrid have posed in front of a board during team photographs . fifa also paid tribute to the journalist , with head of media delia fischer saying they ' would like to send our sincerest condolences to the family , colleagues and friends of argentine journalist , jorge lopez ' . barcelona and atletico madrid players line up in front of a # justiciaparatopo sign before a game in january . diego forlan holds up a sign demanding justice for the journalist who died in a car crash in brazil .    