ed miliband this morning launched a furious attack on david cameron and other eu leaders for leaving refugees to drown by stopping search and rescue missions in the mediterranean . the labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in africa in the hope of making it to europe . he also called on the uk to take a ' fare share ' of refugees fleeing civil war . mr miliband 's remarks came amid growing alarm over the number of desperate families risking their lives to escape the raging civil wars in the middle east and north africa . scroll down for video . the labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in africa in the hope of making it to europe . around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach europe in boats launched from libya . speaking in manchester this morning , mr miliband attacked the decision to abandon european rescue missions . he said : ' the original decision was a mistake and it should be reversed . ' mr miliband said : ' the logic is we are leaving people to die because it is a pull factor . we are better than that . we ca n't be leaving people to drown . ' earlier , he said : ' we can not stand by as people drown in european waters simply to escape conflict in libya and syria . if i was prime minister , i would be working with other european leaders to act . ' local residents and rescue workers help a migrant woman after a boat carrying migrants sank off the island of rhodes , southeastern greece , yesterday . around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach europe in boats launched from libya . but senior conservative minister william hague insisted that the rescue missions had not helped . he also defended the government 's intervention in libya in libya 2011 , helping to overthrow colonel gaddafi . he said it would be ' wrong to think that whatever 's happened in libya in the last few years is the cause of this ' . tunisian mohammed ali malek , 27 , was arrested when in sicily last night some 24 hours after his overcrowded boat capsized in the mediterranean killing hundreds of migrants . he added on bbc radio 5live : ' let me remind you of something as well , which is that when colonel gaddafi was still in power , there were periods when he simply allowed people to do exactly this , to get into boats and try to go to europe – that was one of the ways in which he put pressure on europe . ' so i do n't think that is the change in this situation ; i think this is a problem that goes well beyond libya . ' the deputy prime minister , nick clegg , said the priority for stopping the migrant crisis had to be to stop people boarding boats rather than stepping up patrols in the mediterranean . he said : ' [ it is ] the human traffickers and smugglers who are peddling this terrible trade which is leading to so many people dying in the mediterranean . ' and i think if we can do [ tackle ] that and provide more aid and assistance in north africa to encourage people to stay put rather than risk life and limb moving great distances , that it seems to me is a more sustainable solution than coming up with lots of arbitrary numbers about who takes in which number of migrants from north africa . and that 's where the focus of our attention should be in the summit tomorrow . ' the political row over how to tackle the crisis was sparked after 950 men , women and children drowned this week . survivors told of how women and children died ' like rats in a cage ' after being locked into the boat 's hold by callous traffickers in libya . some resorted to clinging to their floating corpses until italian and maltese coastguards came to rescue them in the dead of the night . elsewhere three people died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on the greek island of rhodes . among them was a tiny child whose lifeless body was carried to the shore by a local man who had waded in to try to save him . sunday morning : italian coastguard responds to migrant ship after it capsizes off the coast of libya with 700 passengers unaccounted for . sunday afternoon : passengers accounts of the ship say as many as 950 people may have been on board with 300 locked in the hull . another boat is rescued off sicily carrying 100 syrian refugees . they are all brought to safety . monday morning : a boat runs aground on the greek holiday island of rhodes killing a man , woman and child . monday afternoon : italian and milanese coastguards respond to two distress calls off the coast of libya from boats thought to be carrying up to 400 people . eu heads of state call for urgent action to ease the migrant crisis with an emergency summit called for later in the week . monday at midnight : the surviving passengers of the libyan boat arrive in catania , sicily . among them is the crew 's tunisian captain and his syrian crew member . both were arrested and charged with ' favouring illegal immigration ' . the captain was additionally charged with multiple manslaughter .