a food supplier for supermarket giant tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables . a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet . the worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away . caught on camera : the farm worker seen urinating in a field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire . a member of the public took the picture and informed the field owner th clements & son . th clements & son , which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect . the passer-by who saw the man yesterday , who does not wish to be named , said : ' it was disgusting . it wants stopping . ' we name and shame people for dropping litter in the streets . we should do the same with this idiot . ' a spokesman for food producers th clements said : ' we terminated the services of the individual worker as he failed to follow company procedures which request that all workers use the toilets provided . ' despite the fact that a toilet was less than 18 metres away from him , he decided to urinate in the field rather than use the toilet . immediate action : th clements & son ( pictured ) which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , where the worker was caught urinating said he was sacked with immediate effect after the company was alerted . ' highest quality ' : tesco has said its vegetables undergo an ' extensive assessment and review process ' before they reach supermarket shelves . ' although he did not urinate on the crops , this does not excuse him from his actions . ' all our vegetables go through an extensive assessment and review process before they are distributed , including trimming and two quality assessment panels . ' the incident took place in an unplanted area of one of our fields and the worker in question has had his contract terminated as a result of this incident . ' on top of their usual training , all our field staff are currently undergoing a refresher induction . ' th clements also said there was absolutely no health issues arising from the incident . the spokesman added : ' urine is virtually sterile when it leaves the human body , it does not carry any bacteria , it has been used by avid growers for personal use for years as it is very high in nitrogen . ' urine is considered safe for individual use . ' the team has more than 150 years combined experience in the brassica industry . it grows vegetables in benington which are supplied to several businesses including tesco . a tesco spokesman said : ' we work closely with our suppliers to make sure all the products we sell are of the highest quality . ' all our vegetables go through an extensive assessment and review process before they reach our shelves . ' we are working with our supplier to make sure all the right processes are in place for the future . '