it was a real-life fairytale – the moment , 70 years ago , when two carefully guarded princesses were let loose to join the jubilant crowds in london celebrating the end of the second world war in europe . now the adventure has been re-created in a new film , showing the young princesses elizabeth and margaret as they wander incognito through the city streets . and among the most curious viewers of a royal night out , released next month to coincide with the anniversary of ve day on may 8 , 1945 , will be a woman who knows better than anyone what really happened on that extraordinary night . scroll down for video . royal role : canadian sarah gadon , left . plays a young princess elizabeth , pictured right . dancing queen : sarah gadon as princess elizabeth enjoying a night out to celebrate the end of the second world war . because she was there . ‘ it was a cinderella moment in reverse , ’ says the hon margaret rhodes , 89 , first cousin to the queen and her best friend . ‘ it was wonderful bedlam . i can’t remember whose idea it was . it was just one of those things that happened . ’ speaking to the mail on sunday from her home at windsor great park , she says : ‘ i think it’s one of the things that the queen remembers with great happiness . neither of them had ever done anything remotely similar , being let loose in a crowd like that to walk all the way from buckingham palace through to trafalgar square . ‘ everyone was kissing everybody and picking up hats and throwing them away . it was euphoria at its most euphoric ! ’ mrs rhodes , then young margaret elphinstone , was lodging at buckingham palace while working as a secretary for the military intelligence service mi6 . she recalls how a small gang including 19-year-old princess elizabeth , princess margaret , 15 , and mrs rhodes’s brothers , left the palace by the privy gate . ‘ with the best will in the world , i can’t remember if princess elizabeth kissed anyone , but kisses were being thrown about very liberally , ’ she says . ‘ it was like we had all been living under a huge , heavy , dark cloud . and suddenly , it had gone . i’m so old now , i’m literally the only other person left alive who was there with them on ve day . ’ the queen is said to remember the night with ' great happiness ' . in the film , which stars canadian actress sarah gadon as the future queen and british newcomer bel powley as princess margaret , the sisters are shown wearing cocktail dresses for their adventure . in real life , princess elizabeth was wearing her auxiliary territorial service uniform . mrs rhodes says : ‘ in order not to be recognised , the queen pulled her cap right down over her eyes and one of the officers who was with us said , “ look , i’m not going about with an officer who can’t wear her cap properly , ” so she had to put it back . mrs rhodes adds : ‘ i always thought it was very clever of the king and queen elizabeth [ the queen mother ] to let the girls go out into the night , with all those myriad of people around them . they knew it was something the queen and princess margaret would never forget . ’ princess elizabeth is also shown forming a brief attachment with a young serviceman called jack , who takes her gambling and to a soho brothel . ‘ that didn’t happen , ’ laughs mrs rhodes , whose younger self does not feature in the film . ‘ apparently , princess margaret escapes on the top deck of a bus . that never happened . ’ princess margaret is also shown quite drunk . ‘ no ! there was no possibility . we never encountered anyone offering one a drink , ’ insists mrs rhodes , the daughter of the 16th lord elphinstone . one of the true scenes in the film is of the royal party dancing the conga through the ritz . ‘ the smart old ladies having drinks were gobsmacked , ’ says mrs rhodes , although it actually happened on vj night , august 15 – when britain celebrated japan’s surrender . the princesses were protected on their ve day jaunt by captain harold campbell rn , equerry to princess elizabeth’s father , king george vi . ‘ he was deeply disapproving of the whole manoeuvre , ’ says mrs rhodes . the party returned to the palace after midnight . ‘ it was emancipation , ’ says mrs rhodes . ‘ i don’t think anybody realises what she has had to give up . you give up your independence . poor princess margaret is dead , but that night is something i know the queen will never forget . ’ ... and she recorded a secret song tape . friends : margaret rhodes , left with princess margaret and elizabeth , right . by michael powell . the queen and princess margaret recorded a secret tape of children’s songs as a touching gift for their mother on her 90th birthday , it has been revealed . pianist and composer laurie holloway has told for the first time how his friend princess margaret phoned him with the idea , days before the queen mother’s milestone birthday in august 1990 . he was summoned to buckingham palace and taken to an upstairs room ‘ where there was a dark brown , walnut grand piano and two microphones . there was also a sound engineer who i think they had got in from the bbc’ . mr holloway said the queen , then 64 , and princess margaret , then 59 , wanted to sing quite unusual children’s songs . ‘ one was called i know where the flies go in winter time , ’ he said . ‘ the queen said they were taught them by their mother’s father , the earl of strathmore . we rehearsed them a few times and then we recorded them in one take each . ’ mr holloway , 77 , musical director on strictly come dancing for its first three series , said the royal sisters sang ‘ very well , beautifully in fact’ during the two-hour recording session . ‘ the queen has a nice , sweet tone to her voice , ’ he added . he said margaret told him the queen mother loved the gift . ‘ she said that when they gave it to her at windsor , the queen mother said she didn’t have anything to play it on , so they had to go out to the car to listen to it . ‘ later , prince charles arrived and wanted to listen to it . they told him he would have to go out to the car and to everyone else’s surprise he opened a cupboard and there was all the latest stereo equipment right there . ’ sadly , the cassette went missing after the queen mother’s death in 2002 , although mr holloway wonders if a copy might still exist somewhere . 