it is a miracle she survived . with 18 broken bones , a broken nose , a ruptured kidney , a ruptured liver , missing teeth , and a fractured rib , christy mack was unrecognisable as she fled her las vegas home on august 8 , 2014 . it was the climax , the former porn star claims , of an abusive on-off relationship with mma fighter jonathan paul koppenhaver , known professionally as war machine . now , nine months later , she has to wear a wig and glasses , and is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see koppenhaver convicted of attempted murder . the journey , she tells espn , has been monumental . scroll down for video . recovering : nine months ago , ex-porn star christy mack was in hospital fighting for her life ( left ) . now she is on the road to recovery , and has to wear glasses and a wig ( right ) after her boyfriend allegedly beat her . relationship : mack , 23 , claims koppenhaver , 33 , became abusive months into their one-year relationship . ' i did n't look in the mirror for weeks , ' she said . ' just feeling my face , i knew it was n't right . so when i 'd look in the mirror , it 's not me - that person was n't me . it 's so hard to go every day without being you anymore . ' mack , 23 , claims koppenhaver , 33 , became abusive four months into their one-year relationship , which started fast . when they met on a photo shoot set , she had pneumonia and he offered to look after her , bringing pizza to her hotel , she told espn . ' it was an amazing connection . i feel in love really quick , ' she said . injuries : mack posted this message on twitter soon after the attack to show how she had been hurt . bruised : mack published this picture of her leg in the wake of the attack . beaten and swollen : as well as the shocking images , mack posted a description of the evening , claiming koppenhaver had also cut off her hair with a blunt knife in the scuffle . happier times : mack says they met on a photo shoot when she had pneumonia and he offered to care for her . she said she believed , after the first attack , that it would never happen again . around six months later , a male friend corey thomas was sleeping in her bed when she says koppenhaver , who had a spare key , burst in . koppenhaver allegedly beat thomas then told him to go , but not to phone 911 . then , prosecutors allege , he approached mack with a kitchen knife . he beat her and used the knife to saw off her mohawk , she told police . injured : mack , who has agreed to be identified in reporting of the case , was left with broken bones and a ruptured liver by the attack . she is pictured testifying against her former boyfriend in court last fall . objection : a prosecutor asked that the court record that koppenhaver was laughing and shaking his head as mack said that he sexually assaulted her . cuffed : koppenhaver has maintained his innocence and tweeted that he was also beaten by another man . war machine : koppenhaver , who has legally changed his name to war machine , will be tried this fall . it was n't until he went to the kitchen that she was able to flee to a neighbor 's house , it is claimed . koppenhaver maintains his innocence . throughout court proceedings , he has dismissed the 26 charges against him as ' heart breaking ' , insisting he was a victim . he took to twitter days after the alleged attack to say that he had gone to propose to mack but ' ended up fighting for my life ' . ' i only wish that man had n't been there and that christy & i would be happily engaged . i do n't know ( why ) i 'm so cursed . one day truth will come out , ' he wrote . mack , who had already been a supporter and donor for women 's right groups before her attack , slams the critics who targeted her with abuse that suggested she got what she deserved . ' it was n't ok for people to say i got what i deserved when they had no idea what my struggle was . ' the court will resume the case this fall . 