jim furyk defeated kevin kisner on the second play-off hole to win the rbc heritage title at hilton head and record a first pga tour victory since 2010 . the former us open champion , 44 , carded a superb final round eight-under-par 63 which included six birdies on his first nine holes to move ahead of overnight leader troy merritt , whose three-shot lead evaporated with a 69 on sunday , when play was started early because of fears over the weather . however , it was not enough to see off kisner , who also tied at 18 under when he sank a birdie with his final putt . us veteran jim furyk celebrates after completing victory at the rbc heritage . the 2010 winner claimed a second title at harbour town after coming through a playoff against kevin kisner . the former us open champion hit a final round 63 to finish 18-under in regulation play . jim furyk -18 . kevin kisner -18 . troy merritt -16 . brendon todd -15 . matt kuchar -14 . after levelling the first additional hole with birdies on the 18th , it was furyk who emerged victorious to claim the tartan jacket when he dropped in his second shot at the par-three 17th from 12ft after kisner had come up short . furyk revealed his delight at ending his title drought , telling the pga tour website : ' i 've let so many slide by , i really dug deep today and i 'm happy i got it done . ' he admitted he rode his luck on the front nine , where he approached the turn on six under for his round despite several way ward shots . ' i hit a bad drive at two , i hit a bad second shot at two , i hit about 14 trees down the right side and i hit a nine iron to two feet and made birdie , ' he said . ' i tugged it off three , it 's going way left - where i 'm going to get blocked out - and it hits a tree and drops on the fairway , i knock a five iron on to the green . ' then i tugged it off the fifth tee really bad , hit a tree and dropped down in front of the lake instead of going in the lake and turned that into a par . ' at that point i 'm thinking ' i 've got to start hitting the ball a little bit better here but things are going my way ' . i kind of righted the ship for six through 10 and felt a little bit better about my swing and putts were going in left and right on that front nine . ' i really did n't hit it that well to shoot 30 on the front ( nine ) , i know it sounds funny but i just made everything . ' kisner took his countryman all the way before losing sudden death playoff at the 17th hole . recent us masters champion jordan spieth finished tied 11th after a final round 70 . luke donald was the highest placed englishman after tied 15th on nine-under par . merrit , who had hit a course-record 61 on friday , finished third on 16 under , one stroke ahead of brendon todd with defending champion matt kuchar one further back . us masters champion jordan spieth ended tied for 11th at 10 under following a closing round of 70 , which included a double bogey on the par-three 14th after his tee shot went into the water . former open champion louis oosthuizen was tied seventh after a 67 left the south african on 12 under . a 70 from england 's luke donald saw him slip down the field to finish tied 15th at nine under having looked in contention after successive rounds of 66 .    