the secret service will have to drive scooby one and scooby two back to chappaqua without hillary clinton riding shotgun . instead , she 's flying coach and toting her own luggage . a united airlines regional jet carried her back to the east coast on thursday from the omaha , nebraska airport . her flight was bound for newark , new jersey , the major airport most convenient to her spacious chappaqua , new york home . a reporter with the liberal news outlet vox tweeted a photo of clinton toting her own luggage on thursday in omaha . she 's just like us ? a town car sedan ( right ) met mrs. clinton on the tarmac in newark on thursday , flanked by police and secret service vehicles . hillary clinton took the fast route home from iowa to the east coast : just a 3-hour flight instead of 20 hours of driving time . clinton had just finished a three-day presidential campaign swing in council bluffs , iowa . that 's just a few miles away , and home to a cafe where she held a top-secret meeting with democratic party insiders who were told to surrender their cell phones and cameras beforehand . in contrast with the private jet service hillary has been accustomed to on her storied and lucrative speaking tours , her ride home was a no-frills commercial flight without a first class seat to be found anywhere . for flights from omaha to newark , united uses embraer erj-135 and erj-145 jets with nothing but narrow economy-class seats . end of an era ? scooby 's first trip ended with a total of 10 confirmed sightings and more than 1,300 miles driven . clinton flew back east on an embraer erj-series plane like this one . easier to rub elbows : the aircraft mrs. clinton took home has narrow chairs and the whole plane is economy class , but at least there 's no middle seat . hillary 's handlers have been trying to reposition her as an ' everywoman ' eager to meet with ordinary people . but her first iowa event , promoted as a spontaneous coffee shop sit-down with average voters , turned out to be a carefully staged production whose young participants were driven to the cafe by clinton 's iowa political director . at least three of the ' everyday americans ' featured in hillary 's campaign launch video have ties to democratic party politics . and hours before her flight , secret service agents parked the now-familiar ' scooby ' van in a handicapped spot so she would have a shorter walk . on thursday a vox reporter photographed hillary at omaha 's eppley field airport , holding on to her own rollaboard luggage and talking with a member of the public . but while she boarded the plane like everyone else , she did n't disembark that way : afellow passenger tweeted a photo of the town car sedan – and police escort – that awaited her in newark on the airport tarmac . just one person tweeted that clinton was on their plane , not unlike her ohio lunch at chipotle where no one recognized her . embarrassing : u.s. secret service parked ' scooby ' in a handicapped space thursday while clinton held a top-secret meeting with democratic party officials . it 's not clear how clinton 's twin ' scooby ' vans , her armored and customized campaign vehicles , will get back to chappaqua . the secret service did not respond to a request for comment . agents will likely have to drive the vehicles back themselves . if hillary were the american president , they would be rolled aboard air force one and flown east . but that will have to wait at least until january 2017 .