plans for a ' rainbow ' zebra crossing to support gay rights could be abandoned amid fears it would cause hallucinations for dementia sufferers . the brightly coloured pedestrian crossing was due to be installed in totnes in devon - the first in europe - as a mark of the town 's pride for its gay community . but experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with alzheimer 's . scroll down for video . plans for a ' rainbow ' zebra crossing to support gay rights in totnes , devon , could be abandoned amid fears it would cause hallucinations for dementia sufferers . the brightly coloured crossing was due to be installed in totnes in devon - the first in europe - as a mark of the town 's pride for its gay community . fears were expressed to councillors who had been asked to back the plan to install the crossing across an area called the plains . councillors told the proud2be group , which has launched the campaign , to go away and seek further medical advice from experts . totnes town councillor carol wellwood said : ' somebody who works with the elderly is concerned that people with alzheimer 's might find a rainbow crossing very troubling . ' the claim is that it would cause them to have hallucinations . ' mat price , who runs the the proud2be group revealed that a trained dementia champion had contacted the group warning of the serious health impact . but he said : ' i do n't understand why it is any different from putting a rainbow-coloured display in a shop window or christmas lights up at christmas . but mat price , who runs the the proud2be group revealed that a trained dementia champion had contacted the group warning of the serious health impact . experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with alzheimer 's . ' i am concerned that if this keeps going backwards and forwards we will not be the first place in europe to do this , we will be the 40th . ' we have already trialled it in the high street and no-one got killed . ' the world 's first rainbow crossing has already been unveiled in vancouver in canada and melbourne in australia is planning to make a temporary crossing permanent . the crossing was temporarily installed to mark pride celebrations last year . the world 's first rainbow crossing has already been unveiled in vancouver in canada and melbourne in australia is planning to make a temporary crossing permanent . there have been temporary crossings in london and brighton but the one planned in totnes is hoped to be the first permanent one in europe . there have been temporary crossings in london and brighton but the one planned in totnes is hoped to be the first permanent one in europe . the estimated cost of £15,000 to set it up would be found through an international fund raising campaign , grant funding and commercial high-profile sponsorship . it was temporarily installed to mark pride celebrations last year . the crossing was removed but gay rights project proud2be has been fighting to create a permanent version ever since . mr price , who set up proud2be with his twin brother , said that he hoped the crossing would send a strong and positive message . mat , 32 , said : ' totnes is a brave and courageous town , which likes to do things first . we want to celebrate diversity and encourage people to be proud of who they are . ' his brother and co-founder jon price , 32 , said : ' growing up in a rural community as lgbt , i know how important it is to feel supported as it is easy to be isolated . ' the rainbow crossing is a great way to increase the visibility and awareness around these issues . this has brought the community together to do something positive . ' 