manager steve evans has revealed rotherham will find out whether they will be deducted points for fielding an ineligible player before the weekend . the millers were sanctioned by the football league last week as they played derby defender farrend rawson in their 1-0 win over brighton on easter monday after his youth loan had expired and the paperwork over an extension was not dealt with correctly . they have had to endure a nervy wait to discover their fate after the league said a disciplinary panel would hear the case at ' the earliest opportunity ' , while also indicating that the club will be open to the ' full range of punishments ' , which includes a potential points deduction . rotherham manager steve evans beleives a decision is imminent on a possible points deduction for his side . on loan derby defender farrend rawson ( third right ) played in the 1-0 win over brighton on easter monday . the three-man panel is finally set to meet on thursday , with evans expecting news of his club 's fate in the next 24 hours . ' it 's going to happen very soon , ' the scot , whose side host norwich on saturday , said . ' it 's not my job to talk when it is and when it 's not , it will be soon enough . ' i 've been told this morning that we hope it will be concluded by the time we arrive here on saturday , whether that 's today or tomorrow i am not 100 per cent sure . ' the millers have vowed to fight the charge , hiring top qc jim sturman to defend them , but a three-point deduction is thought to be the likeliest punishment should they be found guilty . but evans insists he does not know the strength of his club 's defence and has not been involved . rotherham drew 1-1 with fulham on wednesday night , leaving them four points above the relegation zone . ' i am not involved in the case , all i know is the chairman that has spent many hours heading the football club on this with a legal representative , i 've not been involved in any of the meetings because it is not my department , ' he added . ' i have almost been kept at a distance . ' you have to accept there 's been an error . certainly , knowing people inside this football club , no one means to make an error . ' i do n't want to cast judgement on people who make genuine mistakes . i have made enough of them . i have often said that in my career and i mean it . ' 