our young earth may have collided with a body similar to the planet mercury , says a new paper . the dramatic event could explain why our planet has a hot core that gives it its magnetic field . and it could also explain why certain rare-earth elements in earth’s mantle do not seem to originate from the planet’s other building blocks - meteorites . oxford scientists say a mercury-like body struck the young earth ( artist 's illustration shown ) . the object would have been the heat source for our planet 's core . the same object could have been responsible for creating the moon . it also explains where some rare-earth elements came from . the study , by two scientists from the university of oxford , was published in the journal nature . our current theory of earth’s formation involves basically more and more asteroids and other objects accumulating into one body . however , this model can not explain where the heat source for earth’s core - and ultimately its magnetic field - came from . in addition , earth’s crust and mantle appear to have a higher ratio of the rare-earth elements samarium and neodymium than most meteorites - suggesting there was more at play in earth’s formation than first thought . to address this discrepancy , scientists believe that earth was hit by a body that was the size of mars - but like mercury in its composition - early in its life . this likely would have happened about 4.5 billion years ago . the body would have been rich in sulphur but very poor in oxygen - just like mercury . many researchers believe the moon formed after earth was hit by a planet the size of mars billions of years ago . this is called the giant impact hypothesis . the hypothesis claims the moon is debris left over following an indirect collision between our planet and an astronomical body approximately 4.5 billion years ago . the colliding body is sometimes called theia , after the mythical greek titan who was the mother of selene , the goddess of the moon . but one mystery has persisted , revealed by rocks the apollo astronauts brought back from the moon - why are the moon and earth so similar in their composition ? several different theories have emerged over the years to explain the similar fingerprints of earth and the moon . perhaps the impact created a huge cloud of debris that mixed thoroughly with the earth and then later condensed to form the moon . or theia could have , coincidentally , been isotopically similar to young earth . a third possibility is that the moon formed from earthen materials , rather than from theia , although this would have been a very unusual type of impact . our current theory of earth’s ( left ) formation involves basically more and more asteroids and other objects accumulating into one body . now scientists think that earth was hit by a body that was the size of mars , but like mercury ( right ) in its composition , early in its life . in the young solar system 4.5 billion years ago , illustrated , various planetesimals and other small bodies coalesced together to form larger bodies like earth . as it collided with earth , it would have produced radioactive uranium and thorium , generating the heat needed to drive the ‘dynamo’ of molten iron in earth’s core . and they do not rule out the possibility that this is the same mars-sized body that formed the moon . ‘ we think that that is quite conceivable , ’ said study co-author bernard wood , reported the la times . ‘ it 's kind of exciting to think that this reduced body could actually be the thing which caused the moon . ’ in an accompanying news and views article for nature , dr richard carlson of the carnegie institution for science in washington , dc said the theory could open up new avenues for thought.. . for example , if true , it would raise further questions about ‘ how earth ended up in its present oxidised state , which it has apparently retained for more than three billion years . ’