britain has overtaken france to become the second biggest economy in europe , figures showed yesterday . the uk clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 – the strongest in the group of seven industrialised nations and seven times higher than france’s 0.4 per cent . according to an international monetary fund report , this was enough for britain to leapfrog socialist france and become the second most powerful economy in europe , behind germany . the uk is expected to cement its position in the coming years as one of the fastest growing major economies in the west . the imf is forecasting ‘solid’ growth of 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016 . scroll down for video . the uk clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 – the strongest in the group of seven industrialised nations . despite a slight downgrade for 2016 – the imf’s initial forecast was 2.4 per cent – this is still enough for britain to leave other eu nations trailing in its wake . output in france is forecast to expand by 1.2 per cent this year and 1.5 per cent next year , while germany is set to grow by 1.6 per cent then 1.7 per cent . within the g7 , only the us is expected to perform better than britain . ‘ in the united kingdom , lower oil prices and improved financial market conditions are expected to support continued steady growth , ’ the imf said . the world economic outlook report , which was published yesterday , will be seen as a boost for the conservatives ahead of next month’s general election . the fund also appeared to back tory plans to return britain to the black after years of borrowing and rising debt . it will come as another blow to labour leader ed miliband who has pledged to bring traditionally left-wing policies back to britain – mirroring the actions of francois hollande in france . the french president swept to power in 2012 promising to take on the rich and big business , but the country’s economy has been in a rut ever since . unemployment in france is 10.6 per cent compared to 5.7 per cent in britain . george osborne , left , said the recovery would be put at serious risk by a labour government , as imf chief economist olivier blanchard , right , warned that debt levels are ' very high ' in many european countries . george osborne used last month’s budget to boast that yorkshire has created more jobs than the whole of france . the chancellor yesterday said the recovery would be put at serious risk by a labour government propped up by the scottish national party . ‘ these imf growth forecasts for the uk are further proof our economic plan is working , ’ he said . ‘ so we must finish the job . ’ imf chief economist olivier blanchard warned that debt levels are ‘ very high’ in many european countries and said ‘ it would be desirable to decrease them’ . 