two whisky casks were given a royal seal as the prince of wales and duchess of cornwall visited a new distillery . charles and camilla , who are known as the duke and duchess of rothesay in scotland , were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the ballindalloch distillery in aberdeenshire . but they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature . two whisky casks were given a royal seal as the prince of wales and duchess of cornwall visited a new distillery . charles and camilla , who are known as the duke and duchess of rothesay in scotland , were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the ballindalloch distillery in aberdeenshire . the whisky from both casks will then be bottled to the benefit of the royal visitors ' charities . the couple met construction workers involved in converting the old steading building and talked to staff who will run the distillery . they then formally opened the site , which began production in september last year , by unveiling a plaque . described as scotland 's first single estate distillery , the owners harvest barley from their own farm , distil and mature the whisky on the estate and use the water which runs through the land . the duke and duchess , who were both dressed in tartan , often visit businesses in the area as it is close to the queen 's balmoral estate . the couple met construction workers involved in converting the old steading building and talked to staff who will run the distillery . guy macpherson-grant , whose family own the distillery , said : ' i think it 's a tremendous honour that the duke and duchess of rothesay made time in their busy diaries to come here . ' i think the prince of wales , who i spoke to , was tremendously impressed by the stonework , the carpentry , the tiling - the whole way the old has been made to work with the new . ' those casks which they placed the bungs into will now be on the rack quietly maturing away . ' described as scotland 's first single estate distillery , the owners harvest barley from their own farm , distil and mature the whisky on the estate and use the water which runs through the land . guy macpherson-grant , whose family own the distillery , said : ' i think the prince of wales was tremendously impressed by the stonework , the carpentry , the tiling - the whole way the old has been made to work with the new . ' they then formally opened the site , which began production in september last year , by unveiling a plaque . earlier , charles and camilla visited the nearby walkers shortbread factory in aberlour where they were given a tour of a new meringue-making facility . joseph walker founded his shortbread company in 1898 in a village bakery , and his grandchildren and great-grandchildren now run seven factories in the area . the duke and duchess , who were both dressed in tartan , often visit businesses in the area as it is close to the queen 's balmoral estate . 