kevin pietersen will make his long-awaited return to domestic cricket this weekend as he begins his attempt to force his way back into the england reckoning . the controversial batsman has been named in surrey 's 13-man squad for the three-day warm-up against an oxford university side at the parks , which gets under way on sunday . a short statement on surrey 's official website said : ' kevin pietersen is named in the squad as surrey head to the parks for their final pre-season game before their opening first-class fixture against glamorgan next week . ' kevin pietersen has been named in surrey 's 13-man squad to play oxford university . pietersen lines up with his surrey team-mates ahead of his long awaited return to domestic cricket . the former england batsman unsurprisingly got the lion 's share of attention from photograhpers . the 34-year-old has played almost exclusively twenty20 cricket in various leagues around the world since being axed by england following the humiliating ashes whitewash defeat last year . indeed , he has not played a first-class match since january 2014 , when australia sealed a 5-0 thrashing of england in sydney , while his last appearance for surrey in the lv= county championship was in june 2013 . but he has given up a lucrative deal with indian premier league side sunrisers hyderabad in order to come back to surrey as he bids to win back his england spot . pietersen hopes he can add to his 104 test caps and much-storied international career with successful performances for surrey , who have been only too happy to welcome back the south african-born batsman . the 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by england after last year 's ashes . piestersen jokes around by taking a picture of photographers from his phone . meanwhile , pietersen has thrown his support behind former team-mate michael vaughan as the right man to ' change the brand of cricket currently being played ' in england . ten years on from his career-defining captaincy in the 2005 ashes , vaughan is the hot favourite to be appointed as director of england cricket , a streamlined version of the managing director 's job which was abolished with paul downton 's sacking on wednesday . ' he ( vaughan ) is close enough to the game to make changes which need to happen for the good of english cricket , ' pietersen said . ' the way he captained shows he 'll change the brand of cricket currently being played , which we need . ' pietersen has backed former england captain michael vaughan ( left ) to lead england cricket .