a man has accused rapper dmx and his entourage of robbing him while at a new jersey gas station on easter morning . the unidentified newark resident , 22 , said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper , whose real name is earl simmons , while at an exxon station on sunday , according to newark police spokesman sgt . ronald glover . police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with dmx about rap music around 12.30am , according to nj.com . ' during the conversation a male in dmx 's entourage showed the victim a gun and demanded the victim 's money , ' said glover in a statement . scroll down for video . a man has accused rapper dmx ( above ) and his entourage of robbing him while at a new jersey gas station on easter morning . the 21-year-old victim said he recognized the rapper , whose real name is earl simmons , and that he had a conversation with him before a member of the entourage allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded money . the victim told police that he pulled $ 3,200 cash from his pocket and dmx grabbed it out of his hand . the rapper then got into one of four black cadillac escalades that fled from the scene . the resident was able to follow the car long enough to obtain one of the vehicle 's license plate number , which he provided to police , as the cars traveled down mccarter highway , according to pix 11 . it has not been made clear if police have tried to get in contact with dmx or whether the license plate has been traced to him or his entourage , according to nj.com . dmx was scheduled to perform on saturday night at the master of ceremony concert at the new jersey performing arts center . he wrote ' jersey ! ! ! ! ! thank you ! ! ' on his twitter on saturday . it appears dmx had been in new jersey on saturday night because he was scheduled to perform at the master of ceremony concert at the new jersey performing arts center . he wrote on twitter on saturday : ' jersey ! ! ! ! ! thank you ! ! for real thank you ! ! ! ! ! ' following the incident , no arrests were made and no criminal charges have been filed . the investigation is ongoing . following the incident no arrests were made and no criminal charges have been filed .