the skull of a 66-million-year old triceratops is expected to raise almost $ 2 million at auction . known as lung wong , or the dragon king , the fossilised item is said to be the world 's largest intact dinosaur skull , measuring 9.2ft ( 2.8 metres ) long . the auction is open now and the fossil is being sold by hong kong-based experts at evolved . the dragon king dinosaur skull ( pictured ) is being sold by hong kong-based experts evolve . it is more than 95 per cent complete bone , is 9.2ft ( 2.8 metres ) long , 5.2ft ( 1.6 metres ) high and 4.6ft ( 1.4 metres ) wide which is said to make it the world 's largest example of such an item . the last time something of this size and quality came to market was when a tyrannosaurus rex fossil named ' sue ' was sold for £5.6 million ( $ 8.5 million ) in 1997 . the rare lung wong fossil was first discovered in 1992 when rancher ray novakovich in glendive , montana reportedly found the tip of one of the dinosaur 's horns . owing to its size and a lack of resources , though , it was n't excavated until 2003 - and since then is said to have changed hands a number of times . it has also been restored and preserved into its current condition . the skull is more than 95 per cent complete bone , is 9.2ft ( 2.8 metres ) long , 5.2ft ( 1.6 metres ) high and 4.6ft ( 1.4 metres ) wide . the skull belonged to a male triceratops that lived 66 million years ago . the fossil - first found in montana in 1992 - is expected to fetch $ 1.8 million ( £1.2 million ) at auction . however , the experts have not revealed when the auction closes and mailonline has contacted it for more information . in a statement from sellers evolved , the firm said that a fossil ' of this magnitude and quality is only very rarely available for private sale anywhere , and never before in asia ' . the largest previously recorded triceratops skull measured 8.2ft ( 2.5 metres ) long but the creatures ' skulls were said to average at 7ft ( 2 metres ) . in a statement released by evolved , the firm said that a fossil ' of this magnitude and quality is only very rarely available for private sale anywhere , and never before in asia . ' however , the experts have not revealed when the auction closes and mailonline has contacted it for more information . the name of the fossil is inspired by the symbol of ' strength , good fortune and longevity ' in chinese culture - the dragon . the size of the skull apparently also suggests it might be an entirely new species . the largest previously recorded triceratops skull measured 8.2ft ( 2.5 metres ) long , but the creatures ' skulls were said to average at around 7ft ( 2 metres ) . ' if this [ theory ] is confirmed , the owner will be entitled to name the species for posterity , ' the group selling the skull added on its official website . however , some experts have bemoaned selling such a prized fossil to a private benefactor , rather than placing it in a museum . ' commercially sold fossils kept in private collections can not be studied by paleontologists because they can only publish research on fossils stored in museums or similar institutions , ' said dr. michael pittman , a research assistant professor at the university of hong kong , reported shanghaiist . this dinosaur lived in the late cretaceous period , from about 68 to 66 million years ago , in what is now north america . it is known for its three recognisable horns , the two largest being 3.3ft ( one metre ) long and a shorter one on its nose , with its name translating as ‘three-horned face’ from greek . it is thought to have shared its landscape with the tyrannosaurus rex , and may have also been preyed upon by the fearsome predator . triceratops were herbivorous , with low growth being their food of choice owing to their low heard . the exact purpose for its horns is not fully understood , though . the favoured theory is that they may have been used for courting , although combat was also a possibility . the creature was rather large , reaching up to 29ft ( nine metres ) in length and 10ft ( three metres ) in height , and it weighed up to 26,000lbs ( 12 tonnes ) . it is believed to have been wiped out in the cretaceous-paleogene ( k-pg ) extinction event 66 million years ago . 