a woman who was addicted to energy drinks ballooned to a size 20 after spending £11,000 on her high-sugar habit in just four years . jade wimsey , 24 , from goole , east yorkshire , would down up to seven cans a day at more than £1.50 a pop and totalling more than 1,540 calories . her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb . she is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months by kicking the energy fuel for good . jade wimsey went from a size 12 to 20 in four years as she guzzled up to seven cans of energy drinks a day . ' i never associated energy drinks with gaining weight . i did n't really consider the hidden calorie or sugar content in them , ' said jade , who runs a blog called girlupnorth.co.uk . ' in fact , some energy drinks brands say the beverage speeds up your metabolism so i figured it was alright for me ! ' jade 's weight made her the victim of cruel jibes by male customers at the bar she worked at . she was even humiliated for her size by bullies on facebook . ' i would down so many cans per day without thinking about it . ditching energy drinks - alongside a healthy eating plan - made an astonishing difference to my weight . ' growing up , jade had always lived a healthy lifestyle , eating home-cooked meals prepared by her mother . but that changed after she started university . living away from home , jade soon developed a taste for fast food and became hooked on energy drinks . jade has reached her goal weight of 11 stone 6.5lbs after losing six stone from kicking her fizzy habit . ' like most university students when they leave home for the first time , i started eating more takeaways and ready meals . ' around the same time , i also discovered energy drinks . i loved the sweet taste of them and the caffeine kick they gave . ' soon , i was relying on cans of the stuff to get me through the day . it got to the point where an energy drink was the first thing i drank when i got out of bed in the morning . ' i would insist on a can with every meal and then have a few extra as a snack . ' if i was driving , i 'd down an energy drink . then when i 'd stopped at the petrol station , i 'd pick up two more cans of the stuff . ' i would buy a can whenever i could get hold of one . if there was an offer on energy drinks , i would stock up on them . ' i could easily spend £10.50 on cans per day . ' the 24-year-old from yorkshire became the victim of cruel jibes as she ballooned to nearly 18 stone . in september 2013 , she joined slimming world , began a healthy diet and cut out energy drinks for good . consuming between five to seven energy drinks every day , jade piled on the pounds . she went from being a slim size 12/14 to a size 18 . ' in my head , i thought it was fine to drink so many energy drinks . i never thought it would have any impact on my weight . ' but in reality , i was slurping all these empty calories . ' jade 's fizzy beverage habit continued after she left university . her graduate job as a bar supervisor allowed her to slurp energy drinks throughout the day . ' when i was working at the bar during the weekend , i would drink about seven energy drinks in a shift . ' i could take a can from the bar whenever i wanted and it helped me get through a busy night shift . ' jade was drinking so many cans of energy drinks that it became a running joke with friends and family . she explained : ' my mates at work were always commenting about how many cans i had . ' most of my family knew that i was really quite addicted to them too . ' by the age of 22 , jade 's weight had crept up to size 20 and her shape was affecting her confidence . ' i resigned myself to being the ' fat one ' in my group of slim friends . i did n't like going out because i felt uncomfortable in clothes and i could n't find anything that fitted me . ' my size stopped me from living my life to the full and socialising as much as i would have liked to . ' ' i never associated energy drinks with gaining weight . i did n't really consider the hidden calorie or sugar content in them , ' said jade . jade 's weight also made her the victim of nasty comments and jibes . ' i felt self-conscious about how big i was , ' she said . ' working at the bar , a lot of the other female staff were bought drinks by male customers . but no one ever bought me a drink because i guess people thought i was unattractive . ' there were also a few occasions when men at the bar made unpleasant remarks about my appearance . ' but the final straw was when i came across someone 's cruel facebook status about me ' never having my head out of the fridge ' . ' i was hurt but i decided that i was going to make changes in my life so that nobody could ever make me feel that way again . ' as she started losing the weight , jade started to get compliments and told she smiled a lot more now . the awful incident forced jade to face her weight gain head-on . in september 2013 , she joined slimming world , began a healthy diet and cut out energy drinks for good . she explains : ' from the get-go , i decided i would go cold turkey on energy drinks . ' quitting was difficult at first , i experienced a dip in energy and waking up in the morning without my normal kick was tough . ' but i found ways to cope with the withdrawal symptoms . for instance , i would keep a few healthy snacks with me when i was working a long shift at the bar so i would n't turn to a can . ' and i also really enjoyed the slimming world diet . i felt i was eating delicious , homemade food again . ' the pounds fell away and within four months , jade had lost 2.5 stone . ' i started getting compliments about how i looked and friends started commenting about how much more i smiled now . ' snacks and drinks . 5 to 7 cans of energy drink per day and a chocolate bar . breakfast . chocolate biscuit or bar . lunch . white bread sandwich and crisps . dinner . takeaway or ready meal . snacks and drinks . water and diet coke . breakfast . yoghurt and fruit . lunch . wholemeal sandwich with a side of cherry tomatoes or pickled baby beetroot . dinner . spaghetti bolognese . jade went cold turkey on her energy drink addiction . she said she has more energy now than ever before ! in january this year , jade reached her goal weight of 11 stone and 6.5 lbs and she loves her new-found confidence . ' i feel like myself again . i actually want to go out and socialise now whereas before i 'd think of any excuse to stay at home . ' i get drinks bought for me when i 'm working at the bar now too ! ' jade - who is married to pub landlord , jason , 44 - wants to help others lose weight through her blog . she explains : ' i feel the sky is the limit now . i would love to travel and help others in their weight-loss journeys . ' i have more energy now than i ever had when i was drinking all those energy drinks ! '