it changed the world with its flat-pack furniture and now ikea wants to save the planet ... with vegetarian meatballs . the dish loved by millions of british customers is to get a meat-free makeover that it is claimed will cut carbon emissions by half . the swedish firm says producing the new version uses far less energy than making the pork and beef variety . green scheme : ikea claims it will ' save the planet ' with its new vegetarian meatballs as far less energy is needed both to produce and cook them than the pork and beef variety . its veggie balls will be rolled out this month , created from a secret recipe of chickpeas , peas , carrots , peppers , corn , kale and seasoning . ikea is as famous for its meatballs as its cheap self-assembly furniture and uk customers often spend entire days inside its large warehouses eating and shopping . the company now sells a staggering one billion of its regular meatballs every year . in an interview with the daily mail , ikea chief executive , peter agnefjall , said : ‘ we are launching a vegetarian meatball . we see a big opportunity . the vegetarian meatball will go global in april and have 50pc less carbon dioxide than a normal meatball . it’s healthier and better for the planet . ’ the firm has spent two years developing the veggieball , the first innovation to its meatball since it started selling food to encourage shoppers to stay inside its stores back in 1959 . the vegetable-based snack is more environmentally friendly than the meat version , because cows and pigs are responsible for methane emissions . it also takes less energy to cook a veggieball . a spokesman said : ‘ at ikea we want to offer healthy food choices that are delicious , sustainable and affordable for the many , based on our swedish identity . ‘ we are currently developing our food range to provide options that meet the different preferences of our customers . ‘ one of the exciting new products is a veggieball which will be launched in our stores from april onwards . ‘ the veggie ball does not have any animal content in the ingredients . we will share more information about our new veggieballs nearer the time of the launch . ’ meatballs are one of sweden’s national dishes and as iconic as volvo cars or the pop group abba . meatballs and malm beds : ikea is as famous for its meatballs as its cheap self-assembly furniture and the company sells one billion of its regular meatballs every year . ikea sells 5million meatballs in the uk annually and estimates it has sold 11.6billion in the uk since 1987 . however a spokesman said last night the veggieball will not be available in the uk until may . food contributed £1 billion to group sales last year . ikea has 361 stores worldwide which all sell food – its meatball even has its own facebook page . meatballs are sold in ikea’s restaurants for £3.80 and customer can also buy a frozen variety in its swedish food market for £4.35 for 1kg . it has not yet revealed the cost of the veggieball . ikea was caught up in the international food fraud scandal in 2013 when it emerged there was more than just beef and pork in its meatballs . tests showed that there was also a significant amount of pony and horse . the business was started by billionaire ingvar kamprad , 88 , who started selling matches in the 1920s . the ikea name comes from his initials along with the name of the family farm elmtaryd which was located in the local village of agunnaryd . his third store in stockholm was designed to be round so customers did not cut corners whilst walking around . the flat packed idea came while shipping a table by rail . it had been damaged in transit so the idea to separate the legs was hatched to protect it . shipping it flat was also cheaper .