paige vanzant and felice herrig had to be pulled apart as they squared off ahead of their strawweight clash in new jersey . vanzant , at only 21 and with just five fights behind her , has already ruffled feathers after being one of a select few to sign an individual contract with reebok . and herrig was clearly riled during the traditional staredown in times square . felice herrig and paige vanzant face off during the weigh-in . herrig and vanzant will face each other in the octagon on saturday night . vanzant steps on the scale during the ufc fight night weigh-in event at the prudential center . vanzant fights for the second time under the ufc banner when she takes on felice herrig . vanzant and herrig had to be separated after getting too close during the traditional staredown . at 21 , vanzant has been hyped as the ufc 's next big thing despite only having fought five times . she said : ' i think i 'm a better striker than paige , a better grappler than paige , i have a better submission skill set than paige , i 'm stronger than paige and more athletic than paige so i believe i 'll be able to take the fight wherever i want to . ' i 'm glad paige has a lot of hype around her because i feel when i beat her it will make the victory that much sweeter and feel that much more rewarding and it will make people respect me more . ' at only 21 and with just five professional fights to her name , vanzant has enjoyed a spectacular rise since her first bout in 2012 . after three wins and a decision defeat , she was signed by the ufc for the newly-formed 115lb division and initially selected to appear on the ultimate fighter . but due to her being under 21 at the time , she was unable to take part and instead made her debut against kailin curran last november , stopping the 24-year-old in the third and final round . ' it 's very surreal , ' vanzant said . ' even the fact i 'm part of the ufc is a huge experience . it 's a blessing and i do n't think it will set in for a very long time . vanzant admitted it feels surreal to be part of the ufc having made her debut aged 20 . vanzant works out in the week of her next fight , against herrig in new jersey on saturday night . vanzant made a winning start to her ufc career , stopping kailin curran in the third round . ' we were backstage at one of the other weigh-ins and someone threw it out , would you fight felice herrig and i said yeah and took the fight right away . ' i 'm very excited about the match-up , stylistically it 's a good one for me . ' as of right now , the only thing on my mind is winning this fight . i hope to win every fight the ufc offers me and see where this crazy journey can take me ' . vanzant has a realistic chance of becoming the ufc 's youngest-ever champion . that record belongs to light-heavyweight jon jones who won the title in 2011 aged 23 . ' obviously , that would be huge , and that would be awesome ; i try not to think about it and try not to focus on setting records , ' she told mmajunkie . ' i strictly want to beat every opponent i face whether it 's for a title or for a small show . the only thing for me is winning my fights and being the best athlete i can be . ' victory for vanzant will take her closer to a title shot as she bids to become the youngest-ever champion .