an artist has carved out a unique genre for herself with her colourful portraits of celebrity bottoms . spanish artist catalina viejo , 31 , who is based in new york , paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots rather than using glossy magazine images , and has worked her magic on stars including kim kardashian , katy perry , miley cyrus , rihanna and beyoncé . in total she has completed 42 tiny pictures , which are the size of a postage stamp and do n't feature any faces , and cost around $ 90 ( £60 ) . scroll down for video . artist catalina viejo paints miniature pictures of famous bottoms , including kim kardashian 's , from candid paparazzi shots . amber rose is catalina 's favourite portrait of the 42 miniatures , as hers was the biggest bottom on the smallest canvas . the bite-sized series is aptly titled ' a view of the end ' and is currently on display at the shag gallery in brooklyn , new york . catalina explained that she wanted to paint her celebrity subjects while they were relaxed or on holiday - not as they are seen in glamorous campaigns which have been polished and airbrushed . in keeping with this approach , catalina named each work with just the celebrity 's first name , making each piece more personal . miley cyrus : in total , the 31-year-old artist has completed 42 miniature works , which cost up to $ 90 ( £60 ) each . cameron diaz : the bite-sized series is titled ' a view of the end ' and is currently on display at the shag gallery in brooklyn , new york . katy perry : catalina explains that she wanted to paint her celebrity subjects while they were relaxed or on holiday - not as they are seen in glamorous campaigns . as well as the current exhibit , 30 of the artist 's works are also available in a book under the same title . speaking about the series , catalina said : ' the fact these butts belong to celebrities increases the viewer 's curiosity . ' partly because you feel as if you 're looking at intimate images of people you 're familiar with , but also because of the contradiction created in the context of celebrity .  britney spears : catalina named each work with just the celebrity 's first name , making each piece more personal . penelope cruz : as well as the current exhibit , 30 of the artist 's works are also available in a book under the same title . gisele bundchen with her baby : speaking about the series , catalina said , ' the fact these butts belong to celebrities increases the viewer 's curiosity . partly because you feel as if you 're looking at intimate images of people you 're familiar with . ' catalina added : ' the most powerful marketing tool a celebrity has is his or her public identity , and the face represents that identity . ' even when we see a famous rear in a magazine , it 's accompanied by the celebrity 's face . ' my miniature paintings include no faces and some would be very difficult to recognise without the title forcing people to become their own paparazzi . ' people tell me they feel as though they are looking literally at the ' back of fame ' which is fun to think about . ' i enjoyed painting each one for different reasons , but i really liked painting amber 's bum ( one of the largest bums ) at the smallest scale . the painting of her bum is the smallest in the exhibition , about the size of my thumbnail ! ' rihanna : catalina said ' my miniature paintings include no faces and some would be very difficult to recognise without the title forcing people to become their own paparazzi . ' nicki minaj : catalina takes her paintbrush to the singer 's ample bottom , but changes the colour of her hair . beyonce : mrs carter 's rear end gets an arty makeover . 