a pre-med student in new york city is taking microscopic images of diseases and other biological structures and turning them into prints for her innovative new athletic apparel and accessories line . lizzie cochran , a student at columbia university , has launched a kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line epidemia designs , which she came up with after spending days upon days staring at cells through microscopes in her biology classes , and then spotting an article on epidemics that displayed images of deadly diseases from recent history . ' the one that jumped out at me was the flu of 1918 virus , ' lizzie told today . ' it was one of the most devastating epidemics in the history of the world , but there on the page , colored with dyes , it just looked incredible , interesting and vibrant . ' scroll down for video . from the microscope to the mat : proposed clothing line epidemia will take images from biology and print them on eye-catching active apparel . picture of health : among the designs is a sports bra showing images from a healthy mammogram . lizzie , who will be returning to her native texas for medical school in the fall at university of texas san antonio , was soon mocking up ideas for clothing incorporating the beautiful and unique imagery she 'd seen on slides during her classes . using mirroring , photoshop and kaleidoscope effects , each biological subject was turned into an eye-catching pattern that could be printed on fabric . the designs in the line include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns , a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio , muscle cells and rabies . the patterns will also be available for printing on iphone cases after the company , which has already raised $ 13,798 , reaches its $ 15,000 crowdfunding goal . in her design work , lizzie also began to see the potential for changing perceptions of infectious diseases , as well as the relatively apathy towards them that results in the preventable deaths of 1.5 million children per year simply because they have n't been vaccinated . the brains of the outfit : pre-med student lizzie cochran came up with the idea for the fashion line after studying biology under a microscope . giving ' cell phone ' a whole new meaning : epidemia will offer phone cases with eye catching patterns from microscopic images including that of heart tissue , chicken pox and polio . from the petri dish to the yoga pant : epidemia legging , s like the pair featuring a lung x-ray design pictured , will initially be priced at around $ 75 . ' frankly , it 's unacceptable , ' lizzie told today . ' it 's not like we 're trying to solve an unsolvable problem . we really have the power to lead the way toward a healthier future . we already have the tools . ' with this idea in mind , lizzie is promising to send 15 per cent of the profits to funding projects aimed at limiting the impact of preventable diseases such as polio , rubella and hepatitis , as well as expanding medical care access around the globe . now , with an expanding team - and an exploding online following - epidemia 's goal of $ 15,000 has nearly been reached , meaning the line is just on the cusp of going into production . team epidemia : based on the strength of her idea , lizzie has enlisted a new vp of retail , taylor newby ( third from right ) , and several friends as models for the project . showing off their muscles : the kickstarter campaign to produce the clothing for the public has nearly reached its goal of $ 15,000 . the first group of designs lined up will be called ' she 's got it ' will have the theme of beauty in a woman 's body and will feature images of brain , nerve , heart and epithelial ( stomach ) . aside from bringing awareness of preventable diseases to the forefront , the ' she 's got it ' line has its own unique purpose . ' we hope women will wear these clothes and feel empowered to join the discussions of public health , science and technology that are so vital to our world , ' lizzie explained . ' our hope is that our stylish , feminine , fun , and most importantly , interesting designs will appeal to girls of all ages - and maybe encourage them to get involved in the scientific community . '