former prime minister kevin rudd and his wife therese rein have said goodbye to their family home in brisbane 's east of more than 20 years after slashing over $ 100,000 off the asking price to pocket $ 1.14 million . the tropical queenslander home still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought the house just over two decades ago , when they snagged the norman crescent property for $ 384,000 in december 1994 . the house was snatched up by applied economics professor uwe dulleck , who already owns a home in the area with his wife monica . scroll down for video . the two-storey property is a striking queenslander , aptly painted a sunny yellow with forest green features and weatherboard panelling . former australian prime minister kevin rudd and wife therese rein leave their home in brisbane in 2013 , whilst their son nicholas ( far right ) was photographed outside the property in 2012 . the pool is also perfect for hours of enjoyment . it is a tranquil settinhg , surrounded by palms and vines and ornate rocks , ensuring the home has a luxurious resort-feel . the house has a history of encouraging bargains , as the rudd 's paid $ 116,000 less than irene and nicholas kassos who paid $ 500,000 just five months before the rudd 's did in 1994 , reported news.com.au . there is no doubt that the home belonged to kevin rudd , as it features a kangaroo and emu emblem in pride of place on the veranda 's lattice - twice . the polished but warm home is the place the former prime minister and his wife therese rein raised their three children , jessica , marcus and nicholas . ' sad to farewell our family home after 20 years as k & i get some more sunny coast sand between the toes . : ) hope a new family loves it too , ' therese rein announced on twitter . it 's white , bright and airy , with weatherboard cladding in the living spaces and bedrooms . the bedrooms also have beautiful french doors leading out onto the patio . the modern kitchen has grey marble bench tops and state of the art appliances . there is an island bench and beautiful wooden and glass cupboards . to ensure there is no doubt this tropical queenslander home belongs to kevin rudd , a kangaroo and emu emblem has pride of place on the veranda 's lattice - twice . the city sanctuary is a breath of fresh air , with a stunning garden surrounding the home , filled with lush green ferns , beautiful old trees and tropical palms . it appears in photographs and for inspections without styling , meaning the furnishings and decorations are exactly as chosen and enjoyed by the rudd family . the property is an understated but nonetheless stunning home which is perfect for a family , young or old . it is a classic colonial home with the warmth of a country property yet the convenience of its proximity to the city , schools and public transport , including the citycat and ferry services . the two-storey property is a striking queenslander , aptly painted a sunny yellow with forest green features . the bathroom is fascinating , with yellow , green and red glass mosaic doors complete with the word ' bathroom ' and an image of a bird . the spacious home has extra high ceilings , fresh wooden panel walls and original hoop pine polished floors throughout . downstairs is a sprawling rumpus room ; a perfect retreat to fill with couches , toys and allow for fun , messy , carefree play - or for teens to retreat with the tv and friends . the extra private home has a north-east facing wraparound balcony on the upper level and a corrugated iron roof- a calming space for a busy pm overlooking the lush surroundings . the spacious home has extra high ceilings , fresh wooden panel walls and original hoop pine polished floors throughout . it 's white , bright and airy , with weatherboard cladding in the living spaces and bedrooms . the bedrooms also have beautiful french doors leading out onto the patio . there is a sunny living room , filled with light due to the windows which line the room . it is filled with the rudds ' couches and is clearly spacious enough to welcome a plenty of dignitaries ! the modern kitchen has grey marble benchtops and state of the art appliances . there is an island bench and beautiful wooden and glass cupboards . the bathroom is fascinating , with yellow , green and red glass mosaic doors complete with the word ' bathroom ' and an image of a bird . the bathroom has green and white checkerboard tiles , a standalone bathtub and a timber vanity . there is a sunny living room , filled with light due to the windows which line the room . it is filled with the rudds ' couches and is clearly spacious enough to welcome a plenty of dignitaries ! the five-bedroom home is perfect for any family , with its white , bright and airy rooms , with wooden panelling . the bedrooms also have beautiful french doors leading out onto the patio . best of all , the home is a perfect place for children to explore and teenagers to enjoy on an 802-square-metre block . downstairs is a sprawling rumpus room ; a perfect retreat to fill with couches , toys and allow for fun , messy , carefree play . the pool is also perfect for hours of enjoyment . it is a tranquil settinhg , surrounded by palms and vines and ornate rocks , ensuring the home has a luxurious resort-feel . the rudd family say the property will be ' sadly missed ' after over 20 years of memories . in november last year they sold a nearby site , also in norman park , where they had once planned to build their dream home . the block alone cost $ 1.4 million in 2011 . the rudds were also disappointed when they sold the building block , which overlooks the city and the river , at a significant loss for just $ 1,751,000 . the couple will now make what they called their ' other home ' their base - a luxury property in noosa just a stone 's throw to some of australia 's most breathtaking beaches . the high ceiling , polished floorboards and beautiful glass mosaic around the front door offer a warm welcome to the rudd home . the rudd family say the property will be ' sadly missed ' after 20 years of memories . they will now make their luxury noosa home their base .