bernie madoff allegedly tried to persuade his drug dealer 's girlfriend to become his mistress . bernie madoff , who carried out one of the world 's largest frauds , tried to persuade his drug dealer 's girlfriend to become his mistress , it has emerged . madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $ 65 billion ponzi style fraud - which became the largest in financial history . a new book about the financier claims he had put pressure on an israeli model who was working for him as a stock analyst and dating his dealer silvio eboli to sleep with him . he is said to have met eboli at a christmas party in 1997 at the montauk yacht club with his son mark , who later committed suicide over his father 's fraudulent activities , page six reported . ' bernie had put enormous pressure on ' leah ' to sleep with him and be his mistress , offering her practically anything if she just let him f*** her , ' the book by toby rogers states . eboli is believed to have never confronted madoff but warned he would injure him if he ever crossed the line with his girlfriend . after ' leah ' became pregnant with eboli 's child in 2001 madoff apparently summoned her into his office to say she had made a mistake . in the book madoff is described as bellowing ' you could have had gold . you could have had me . you could have had an apartment , a car , a driver . but instead you throw all that away for some f****** hippie ! ' madoff was arrested in december 2008 after he confessed his multi-billion dollar fraud to his two sons and they reported him to the fbi . he pleaded guilty to 11 federal felonies in march 2009 . the charges included securities fraud , wire fraud , mail fraud , money laundering , making false statements , perjury , theft from an employee benefit plan and making false filings with the sec . mark madoff killed himself on the second anniversary of his father 's prison sentence . andrew madoff , who had been head of equities at his father 's new york based company , died last year after a battle with lymphoma , and had previously blamed the stress caused by his father for his relapse . madoff ( left ) is pictured with his wife ruth and his son mark , who killed himself after his father 's arrest . andrew madoff , on the today show with fiance catherine hooper , left , and mother ruth madoff , right , said he would never forgive his father - not even on his death bed . earlier this year 76-year-old madoff wrote a letter from prison saying the pain he inflicted on victims of his ponzi scheme is nothing compared to having to deal with losing both his sons . defrauded madoff investors have long viewed the convicted swindler 's sons , wife and other family member suspiciously , arguing it is impossible that they did not know about his lies . but they were never criminally charged - and never forgave him . the allegations about madoff 's advances towards his dealer 's girlfriend are contained in rogers ' book the ganja godfather .    