at last , some good news for sunderland and newcastle united — apparently form goes out of the window in a derby . now isn’t that a relief ? on sunday afternoon , both sets of supporters will have the chance to suspend the depressing reality of their current plight . over the course of their last six matches — 12 in total — the pair have amassed a not-so-mighty six points . during that same period — 18 hours of football , no less — they have scored four times between them , conceding 22 along the way . it is little wonder they have billed this one ‘ the desperation derby’ . perhaps ‘ the donkey derby’ would be more apt . john carver issues instructions to his players during training on friday ahead of sunday 's derby . carver put his newcastle players through their paces during the session at st james ' park . dick advocaat wraps up warm as he prepares his sunderland side for sunday 's crunch clash . sunderland are the country’s most out-of-form side and , unless new boss dick advocaat can reverse what is a sorry slide towards the bottom three , they will be back in the championship come august . newcastle won’t be , but therein lies the problem . it is job done on tyneside . the magpie mandate is survival and little more , a dispiriting acceptance of mediocrity which has permeated a squad in desperate need of overhaul , both in terms of quality and character . the same can be said of a sunderland side who have won just four times all season . if it wasn’t for the history and intensity of the rivalry , this would have all the appeal of the dog and duck versus the red lion . perhaps that is being disrespectful to pub teams , however . but , amid all of the gloom , the stakes remain sky high , albeit for different reasons . for sunderland , it is about survival . forget their bid for a record-making five straight victories over the enemy . forget , even , bragging rights . carver is fighting to secure his future as newcastle manager beyond the end of this season . advocaat was all smiles as he attempts to steer sunderland clear of premier league relegation . with trips to arsenal and chelsea to sign off their dismal season , this is one of six winnable matches which will determine their fate . advocaat knows as much and hinted on friday that he is working on a six-game rescue plan . their last six have yielded just two points and one goal . should that sad sequence persist then it will end in a future-defining demotion to the second tier . for never has relegation come at such a cost given the fulsome flow of the premier league cash-cow . for newcastle head coach john carver , it’s about making a point . the outcome of this game will shape his future also . lose , and the chances of him landing the job beyond the end of the season will take a serious hit . ‘ i have stopped thinking about getting the job on a permanent basis , i really have , because if i keep worrying about everything that’s going on , if i keep worrying about everybody who has been linked with the job , then i won’t be giving this my 100 per cent , so i don’t even think about “permanent” , ’ said carver . ‘ in my eyes , i am permanent . in the contract i signed there was nothing about “ short term” , there was nothing about “interim” . i am the permanent manager and that’s my mindset on this , so i don’t even think about the summer . ’ newcastle are not in danger of relegation but their season has faded away in recent months . jermain defoe , who has scored twice since his return to england , trains with team-mates on friday . advocaat , meanwhile , will be gone come june , regardless of which division he leaves sunderland in . to that end , his reputation is on the line . ‘ if i didn’t think i could do it then i would have said “no” , ’ said the 67-year-old , who has never been relegated , as a player or manager . ‘ i need to give the players confidence . i need to be a little bit softer because of the position we’re in , but if they don’t do what i want then they won’t play . ‘ the game against aston villa [ 4-0 home defeat ] shows you that something is wrong . they will not play like that under me . ’ history is at least on advocaat’s side . by a quirk of footballing fate , his predecessors — paolo di canio and gus poyet — both won derbies in their second match in charge . ‘ the pressure is on then , yes ? ’ laughed advocaat . he may joke and dismiss such coincidence , but those victories both played a part in sunderland avoiding relegation . gabriel obertan ( left ) closes in on mehdi abeid during friday 's training session at st james ' park . tim krul works on his handling as he prepares to keep sunderland out in the tyne-weir derby on sunday . and that is a recurring theme on wearside — a tedious tale of an annual battle against the drop . at least that , however , offers some perverse excitement for supporters . up the road at newcastle , the club who returned profits of £18.7million last week are in debt to a fanbase which , mystifyingly , still exceeds 50,000 on a fortnightly basis . anger has made way for apathy at gallowgate , for fans have accepted that , as long as mike ashley remains in power , their lucrative existence — at least that is for the owner — resides somewhere between 17th and 10th . for the toon army , it is ‘ the derby of disillusion’ . indeed , many supporters resent their own club as much as they do their rivals across the river . throw in jack colback returning to the stadium of light for the first time since his defection to newcastle , sunderland’s adam johnson playing at home for the first time since his arrest on suspicion of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl , as well as a ludicrous 4pm kick-off in the middle of a bank holiday weekend , and you feel that a potentially poisonous atmosphere awaits . but the good news is that form goes out of the window . we can only hope that much is true .