at last , after months of grey skies and miserable weather , the sun is out . if you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip , there are a few places you could try . lidos , which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration , are a good first port of call . picking the right one - that is n't too over-crowded or too run down - is crucial . in response to extra demand , many pools are extending their opening hours in line with the weather or organising late night swimming slots for busy workers . scroll down for video . if you are looking to celebrate this wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip , there are lots of places to try . for those who are more adventurous ; look around , there are acres of countryside watery holes to dip your toe into . whether you pick a lido , river , lake , pool or stream - here are ten of the best swimming locations in the country to cover all your watery needs . tinside lido , plymouth . as art deco style lidos go – and there are quite a few – this has to be the most lavish . a fountain spews water from the centre , stripes adorn the lanes and the waterfront pool has panoramic views out to sea . tinside lido underwent a £3.3 million restoration in 2003 and has been voted one of europe 's top 10 pools . it was built in 1935 and underwent a £3.3 million restoration in 2003 to restore it to glory . voted one of the top 10 best outdoor pools in europe , it’s definitely worth a splash . lake windermere , cumbria . where better than lake windermere to take a plunge ? the cumbrian expanse is the largest natural lake in the country and its wide views inspired wordsworth . at ten and a half miles long and 219 feet deep , you’ll have your work cut out if you are swimming lengths . best western salutation hotel offers swimmers a tour of the best swimming spots around lake windermere . best western salutation hotel in ambleside ( a mile inland ) offers keen swimmers a dedicated tour of the best swimming locations and bucolic spots , and will provide wetsuits to those who need them . stonehaven open air pool , aberdeen . an olympic-sized , open air pool containing heated , filtered sea water . it claims to be ‘ often warmer than the med ! ’ with sheltered sun terraces and a paddling pool for under-eights . bordered by a colourful art deco-listed building , the pool celebrated its 80th birthday last year . there’s also the option of midnight swimming sessions while listening to music . stonehaven open air pool in aberdeen holds midnight swimming sessions during which music is played . bude sea pool , cornwall . it could be your last chance to swim in this beautiful sea pool due to funding cuts threatening its closure . the part-natural , part man-made swimming pool nestles under cliffs on the north cornwall coast and is filled by the atlantic twice a day . it stretches 88 metres by 50 metres at its longest points , and allows visitors to bathe in glorious , sparkling and calm sea water . bude sea pool in cornwall is part-man made and part natural , and stretches 88 metres by 50 metres . llyn y fan fach , brecon beacons , wales . this natural lake is thought to be one of the most haunted bodies of water in wales . it lies at the western border of the indomitable black mountains and local lore says that at 2pm on the first sunday of august the ‘ lady of the lake’ emerges from its depths . stories wildly vary , but many claim she is the wronged wife of a violent husband who walked into the lake after he struck her . that aside , it makes a wonderful place for a bracing swim . llyn y fan fach is thought to be haunted by ' the lady of the lake ' but surrounded by stunning scenery . brockwell lido , brockwell park , london . for those in the capital looking for a refreshing dip , brockwell lido is a 50-metre-long pool and another 1930s art deco triumph . it closed in 1990 but reopened after four years thanks to local pressure . now it’s grade ii listed and hosts barbeques and film nights , including screenings of jaws where viewers float about in dinghies while watching the movie . brockwell lido is 50-metre-long pool that is another 1930s art deco triumph with huge local support . rheidol vale , aberystwyth , wales . a beautiful area , dotted with sets of pools , waterfalls and a beachy bank for barbecuing . this is the perfect place for family summer outings . give children free reign to scrabble around the rocks or float down small chutes . rheidol vale gives children free reign to scramble around the rocks and trees or float down small chutes . lymington sea water baths , hampshire . built in 1833 , these are the oldest open air sea water baths in the uk . the lido overlooks the solent with stunning seaside views . it’s also enormous , and home to the south coast’s biggest inflatable obstacle course . this is a great option for hardy children and offers kayaks and water rollers to play on . also available for private bookings . built in 1833 , lymington sea water baths are the oldest open-air sea water baths in the uk . nantwich outdoor brine pool , cheshire . probably the only inland brine pool left in the country , nantwich swimming pool measures 30.5 metres by 15 metres . brine ( salty water ) is pumped into the pool from an underground source , the medicinal benefits of which are well-documented . a swim in salt-enriched water thought to cure ache and pains , including rheumatism , and was popular with victorians . the extra buoyancy of salted water can be helpful too for those recovering from injuries and looking to build strength . stainforth force ( right ) in the yorkshire dales has a rushing waterfall and plunge pool for children to play in . stainforth force , yorkshire dales . if you are in the area , this is a brilliant place for children . don’t expect peace and quiet , though . an assault course of pools lead their way to a waterfall on the river ribble , just north of settle . you’ll find a plunge pool ( with ladder ) at the waterfall’s edge and people daring each other to jump off the top .