a woman has warned of the dangers of getting a cut-price boob job abroad after a bungling surgeon left her with a deformed breast that ' looked like a croissant ' . alison , 43 , from gloucestershire , has since had to go under the knife a further 12 times but is still living with the damage that ensued following a breast augmentation operation six years ago . ' it 's horrible to look at and horrible to live with , ' says alison , who admits she would do ' anything ' to look normal again . badly damaged : alison was left with a breast that resembled a croissant following an infection . desperate to improve the look of her breasts , the retail worker has now had a 13th operation on her breasts , this time as part of tlc show extreme beauty disasters . speaking on the show , surgeon vik vijh , a cosmetic doctor who specialises in correcting botch jobs , said he was shocked by the appalling damage . ' when i first saw alison i thought she looked mutilated , ' he said . ' she had an imploded breast , it looked like a croissant . ' more surgery , he said , was the only way to fix it but warned more than one operation could be needed . alison 's problems began as a teenager when , embarrassed by her small breasts , she began using a booster bra . horrible : alison , who wants to ' feel normal again ' , has consulted plastic surgeon vik vijh . hopes : alison had hoped to boost her bust but ended up loathing her body ( picture posed by model ) . ' i was always conscious of the way i looked , i bought a booster bra so i could look bigger , ' she remembers . but when she decided to fix the problem by going under the knife in a bid to increase her cup size to a dd , it proved to be the worst decision of her life . initially pleased with the results , she noticed shortly after the operation that one implant was going hard . ' it started to go hard so i went back and got another implant inserted but that got an infection , ' she said . bacteria attacked her breast tissue causing it to die so she was left with one shrivelled , deformed breast and one enlarged by surgery . relief : following 13 different operations to fix the damage , alison now has the normal breasts she hoped for . now she says she would do anything to feel like a normal woman again . ' i hate the way i look and want to be fixed in some way , ' she adds . mr vijh , who had initially thought she would need several operations , used fat cells from her stomach combined with an implant to fix the damage . although a course of antibiotics was needed to keep a repeat of the infection at bay , alison says she is delighted with her new-look breasts . ' i feel fantastic and feminine , ' she says . ' i can wear anything now . my partner gets flashed on a daily basis and i have a smile back on my face . '