with pearl lowe and gavin rossdale for parents , there 's no denying that daisy lowe is rock and roll royalty . the genetically-blessed model proves she 's a chip off the old block in an edgy new beauty shoot for rodial . wearing a leather jacket and skinny black jeans , daisy smoulders in the new shoot to promote the beauty house 's contouring range . daisy lowe , 26 , is the ultimate rock chick as she rocks leather and heavy eye make-up in her new beauty shoot for rodial . the 26-year-old was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her ' modern , cool and quintessentially british edge . ' so how does she achieve that flawless look ? femail caught up with the young star to discover her style and beauty secrets . ' it 's a fail safe range , ' says daisy . ' you just have to learn where to place the contouring . my top tip is : suck in your cheeks and make a fish face , which casts a natural shadow on your face . ' then apply the bronzer over that shadow and then pop the highlighter above that . ' daisy , who has been working as a model for years , shows off her flawless skin and razor-sharp cheekbones in the new shoot to promote the brand 's contouring range . daisy was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her ' modern , cool and quintessentially british edge ' . after years on the modelling circuit , daisy says the top tip she 's picked up is using concealer around her nose to even the skin tone . ' oh , and make your forehead and chin a lighter shade than the rest of your face for a more defined look , ' she said . as well as starring in beauty campaigns , daisy has been busy partying at coachella festival with her famous friends . the it girl was spotted representing the british talent at the soho desert house coachella party in the company of stars like zoe kravitz and katy perry . the supermodel , who counts the likes of alexa chung and cara delevingne as her best friends , even created a lipstick for the beauty giant . daisy poses on set with the brand 's president , maria hatzistefanis , who met the model at the rodial beautiful awards , where she was named woman of the year . the english rose had her porcelain skin on show in the floor-sweeping number , catching some of the la rays at the riviera spot . gushing about her picturesque weekend in the sunshine , daisy wrote on instagram : ' oh stop it palm springs- you are just too much for my eyes to handle ' alongside a picture of the palm trees . palm springs was a long way from little old england and the beauty later told her 165k twitter followers : ' never want to leave ' before hitting the field in the same maxi dress . daisy lead the british talent at the soho desert house coachella party in the company of stars like zoe kravitz and katy perry over the weekend .  