jack grealish wants to replace the wembley misery he suffered as a fan with joy as a player when aston villa face liverpool in the fa cup semi-final . twice the teenage winger visited the national stadium to cheer on his boyhood club in 2010 but villa lost both times , to manchester united in the league cup final and chelsea in the fa cup final four . grealish , 19 , was handed his first premier league start by tim sherwood in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers and is hopeful of retaining his place for the april 19 date . jack grealish made his first premier league start for aston villa against qpr on tuesday night . grealish saw villa lose twice at wembley in 2010 - in the league cup final and in the fa cup semi-final . ‘ i went twice to wembley as a fan , the man u game and chelsea game five years ago , ’ said grealish . ‘ unfortunately we didn’t win either of them , hopefully this time we can go and get a result . ‘ it would be brilliant to stay in the team for wembley but at the end of the day the gaffer will pick who he thinks he will win . i go with the flow . ‘ to start for my boyhood club was a dream come true . i hope towards the end of the season i can play more of a part and help the team stay in the division . ’ wayne rooney scores for united as villa were beaten 2-1 in the 2010 league cup final at wembley . frank lampard finds the target during villa 's 3-0 defeat by chelsea in the fa cup semi-final in 2010 . villa are three points above the drop zone but grealish says manager tim sherwood has bred confidence throughout the squad . ‘he’s so positive around the place , gives everyone a boost which you can see in people’s performances , ’ grealish added . ‘he’s given me my first start in a crucial game which i’m really grateful for . you can see what he did at tottenham with the young lads , bringing them through . grealish expressed his gratitude towards manager tim sherwood for giving him his first start . ‘ here he’s brought the younger lads to come and train next to the first team , which is so little but means so much . ’ the return to form of christian benteke also inspires survival hope . ‘ yes , when you have christian in the team who can score goals every game , ’ grealish said . ‘ we are going to go in saturday 's game ( at tottenham ) positive and 100 per cent we will stay up . ’ 