helping children to get safely to school as a lollipop man might seem the ideal job for an active pensioner nearing his 80th birthday . but john doyle , 79 , was left with a punctured lung and a broken rib after he was beaten up by an angry driver during a terrifying road rage attack . the grandfather was ushering two 12-year-old girls across the road when businessman genti rustemi , 45 , drove over the crossing point without slowing . genti rustemi , 45 , ( left ) left john doyle , 79 , ( right ) with a broken rib and a punctured lung after attacking the lollipop man as he helped children cross the road to get to school . mr doyle was helping youngsters cross the road to wellington school in timperley , greater manchester ( pictured ) , where his wife is a dinnerlady . to show his disapproval , mr doyle tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the bmw as it hurtled past and then , when the driver stopped , told him to be more careful . but after rustemi had dropped off his daughter at a different school , he returned to the crossing minutes later in a fit of temper and attacked mr doyle , who was still helping pupils cross the road . as children and parents looked on in horror , the incensed businessman threw a punch towards mr doyle’s face . it failed to connect but managed to knock off his glasses . he then punched mr doyle in the chest causing him to fall over backwards into the road where he sat gasping for breath . the former pub landlord was taken to hospital where he was found to have suffered a fractured rib and a punctured lung . kosovo-born rustemi , from stockport , escaped a jail sentence this week after admitting assault causing actual bodily harm and dangerous driving . instead , he was handed a six-month suspended jail term , ordered to pay mr doyle £2,000 in compensation , told to carry out 200 hours of unpaid work and banned from the roads for 12 months . mr doyle ( pictured at the scene of the attack ) was helping two 12 year old girls across the road outside their school , when rustemi drove over the crossing without slowing . mr doyle took the post as a ' patrol crossing officer ' three years ago to to stave off boredom during retirement . mr doyle , who has been married for 55 years to jean , 80 , a dinner lady , took the job as a ‘ patrol crossing officer’ three years ago to stave off boredom during retirement . minshull street crown court in manchester heard that the incident happened at 8.30am on january 20 while he was working outside wellington school , a secondary school , in timperley , greater manchester . yesterday mr doyle , who had to take six weeks off work following the attack , said : ‘ it was an extraordinary thing . i’ve spent most of my working life in the licence trade so i’ve had to escort my fair share of people from my premises but this was something else . ' what he did was like going through a red light . both myself and the children could have been run over . i’ve been verbally abused in the past but i never expected to get hit . ‘ but i’ll keep doing lollipop patrols until i stop enjoying it , and that’s even after getting a punctured lung . i love the job and love meeting people . i’ve got no plans to stop yet . ’ mr doyle , who was sent this get well soon card by pupils , said he plans to continue his job as a lollipop man despite being injured by rustemi . speaking of the incident , he said : ' i had dropped my lollipop down to draw the driver 's attention to the fact i was in the middle of the road with two schoolchildren . ' but he was only about 18 inches away from me as he went by . he asked me what the bloody hell i thought i was doing . i said , `` did n't you see me standing on the road ? '' he said `` no '' so i said , `` you should bloody well open your eyes then . '' rustemi tried to argue that mr doyle had been the ' aggressor ' during the incident , but police took statements from a number of schoolchildren witnesses who said the opposite . ' he drove off and i thought that was it then three or four minutes later he came charging across the road towards me and hit me in the side . much to my mortification i collapsed . ' i have never experienced anything quite like that . it was just not being able to stand up at again . i was lying on the floor and could n't stand up . i had to crawl across the pavement to a wall and hauled myself up against it and by this time i had people around me . i did n't think there was proper injury at that point , i was just deeply ashamed that i had fallen and could n't stand up again . ' it was n't until later in hospital having an x-ray they discovered that i had broken my rib . i ca n't imagine anybody would drive away , park the car and come charging back because of a sudden burst of temper . this must have been something that was festering for one reason or another . ' sentencing him the judge mr recorder david heaton qc said : ' you behaved in a way in front of your daughter and in front of other schoolchildren which is repugnant to right-minded people . you drove along the road and it appears you failed to see mr doyle , the school crossing patrol man , who at that time was escorting two 12-year-old girls across the road . ' so frustrated was he by your driving that he , perhaps unwisely , allowed his crossing banner to drop on to your vehicle and no doubt that surprised your daughter and caused you to exchange words with him . if matters had rested there i imagine you would not be here . foolishly , you went away but returned two minutes later , more angry , it appears , than you were previously , and threw a punch at mr doyle . ' he was carrying out a public service escorting schoolchildren safely from one side of the road to the other and is a much older man . i am prepared to accept you did not realise at the time but nonetheless an inexcusable feature was his age . ' the service he performed is one which parents of children up and down the country value every morning of the school term . you assaulted a public servant , you did it in front of children in the morning and to a man who was significantly older than you . i note you have not been well and that might be some sort of explanation for this extraordinary behaviour . ' 