this is the emotional moment walter scott 's family met with the man who filmed his death - and threw the case wide open . feidin santana , 23 , visited the family 's charleston , south carolina home on thursday to meet with the man 's heartbroken parents , son and other relatives - in a moving moment witnessed by nbc . santana has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on officer michael slager as he fired eight shots at scott , 50 , in north charleston on saturday and later releasing the video . ' oh , thank you god ! ' judy scott , the mother of walter scott said , as she embraced santana tightly . ' thank you lord ! blessed god ! thank you , thank you god . thank you , thank you ! ' scroll down for video . hero : feidin santana , 23 , is seen entering the scott family home in charleston on thursday to meet the slain man 's family , days after he recorded their son being shot dead by a white police officer . thankful : scott 's mother , judy scott , looks at santana before they embraced at the emotional meeting . emotional : scott 's father looks on , right , as his wife thanks the man who captured the video on saturday . mr scott 's father , walter scott , sr. , also hugged the man and said : ' thank you for another son , god , thank you . you 've got a family in charleston right now ... anytime . ' ' you did a good thing , brother , ' walter scott 's son , walter jr. , 20 , added as he embraced santana . ' i do n't know how this would 've turned out without the video , i just want to thank you . i do n't know how much i could thank you more . ' santana , a barber who is originally from the dominican republic , said he shared the footage because he wanted the family to know precisely how their son had died . ' just amazing that they know the truth , you know , ' he told nbc news as he met with the family . ' and they know that mr scott wo n't , like i say , this did n't just happen and stay that way . ' god put me there for a reason , i 'm a very believer of god . ' scott 's mother added : ' he was supposed to be there . ' scott was pulled over for a broken tail light on saturday , but when officers approached his car , he fled - perhaps because he had previously been arrested for failing to pay child support . as he ran , santana saw him and pulled out his cell phone camera to record the moment officer slager shot scott , who was unarmed , multiple times as he ran away . santana said he is glad the video could show the true story of what happened to the scotts ' son . grateful : mr scott 's son , 20-year-old walter jr. , said he was n't sure how he could thank santana enough . new friends : mr scott 's father , also called walter , told santana he now has family in charleston . the officer , who is white , slowly approached the man 's body , calmly checked for a pulse and failed to perform cpr . santana got closer and continued recording the man 's body on the ground . ' i know what i saw and i expressed myself to [ the police ] , ' santana told morning joe on thursday . ' it was an abuse and i saw with my own eyes . i said i had a video tape . ' one of the police officers told him to wait but ' i realized that would not be good in that moment , ' he said - and he ran to his workplace . santana then contacted a friend who came to his barber shop and watched the video . ' when i showed him [ the video ] , he said this was not good , ' santana said . following the shooting , officer slager , 33 , filed a police report defending his actions , saying he feared for his life and that scott had wrestled his taser gun from him during a scuffle . but four days later , santana 's explosive video emerged , throwing doubt on the officer 's story . killer : officer michael slager ( left ) was arrested on tuesday for the killing of u.s. army veteran scott . caught on camera : officer michael slager , right , fired eight shots at walter scott as he fled from the officer in north charleston , south carolina on saturday . the cop has been charged with mr scott 's murder . santana told the today show on thursday that scott , a u.s. coast guard veteran and father-of-four , ' was trying to get away from the taser ... he never grabbed the taser from the police ' . slager was charged with scott 's murder on tuesday and could face the death penalty . he was terminated from the north charleston police department the following day , with chief eddie riggers telling a press conference that he had watched the video and found it ' sickening ' . slager has not entered a plea to the murder charge nor commented publicly on the killing . he has retained an attorney . walter scott will be laid to rest on saturday and his family has said they will be filing a civil lawsuit against the north charleston police department . see below for video .