england are in danger of losing their fourth champions league spot in the coming years , as poor performances from premier league clubs in europe take their toll . this season , for the second time in three years , there were no english clubs in the quarter-finals of the champions league , while none of our clubs have reached the last eight in the europa league either . and with italian and german clubs performing significantly better this season , england could slip from their current ranking of second to a lowly fourth by the end of next season . chelsea look dejected as they exited the champions league in the last 16 against psg last month . arsenal 's olivier giroud punches the ground in frustration as his side suffered a defeat to monaco . germany will begin next season with a higher ranking than england , once 2010/11 points are discounted . if juventus , napoli and fiorentina win all their remaining games possible , italy will go into next season within 0.1 points of england . even if italian clubs fail to reach finals , a repeat of this season would see them overtake england in third place next season . germany is guaranteed to move ahead of england at the end of this season , while if italian clubs continue to perform well this season and english clubs fail to reverse their slump , the premier league could end next season out of europe 's elite . that would see england reduced to three champions league places for the 2017/18 season , with serie a taking the extra place from the premier league . uefa 's country coefficient rankings take into account the previous five seasons ' performance by teams from each association , which means england are set to lose a huge chunk of their total at the start of next season . napoli striker gonzalo higuain celebrates as the italians all but booked their place in the europa league semis . arsene wenger can not hide his disappointment as arsenal were eliminated in the last 16 yet again . david luiz celebrates scoring at stamford bridge as psg knocked chelsea out oeurope . the 2010/11 season saw tottenham and chelsea reach the quarter-finals of the champions league , while manchester united lost in the final . coupled with liverpool and manchester city reaching the last 16 of the europa league , that earned england a massive 18.357 points , which will be knocked off the total at the start of next season . italy and germany will lose a significantly smaller number of points ( 11.571 and 15.666 respectively ) meaning that by the beginning of next season , england will have slumped to third , and be in danger of falling further . gianluigi buffon celebrates as juventus took a big step towards the last four by beating monaco in turin . mohamed salah runs at the dynamo kiev defence as they scored late to stay in with a chance of progress . the premier league will still be defending a lead from serie a going into the 2015/16 campaign , although how big that is remains to be seen . each season every association gets points depending on how well their teams do . these are then divided by the number of teams that country provided for european competition . the previous five seasons make up a country 's coefficient . how do the points work ? each team gets two points for a win and one point for a draw , with half-points for qualifiers . teams get a bonus point for every round they reach in the knock-out stages of the champions league , or every round after the quarter-finals of the europa league . qualifying for the champions league group stages gets you a further four bonus points , as does reaching the last 16 . with juventus in pole position to reach the semi-finals of the champions league , napoli all but into the last four of the europa league , and fiorentina in with a chance of joining them , italy are likely to out-score england by at least four points this season , and that margin would grow if all three italian clubs reach the final of their respective competitions . if all three teams were to win all of their remaining games - with the exception of an all-italian europa league final - italy would pick up another five points for their coefficient , narrowing the gap to just 0.095 points . with real madrid and barcelona still in the champions league that may not be very likely , but any more italian success will narrow the gap - and if the difference is less than four points , the english clubs will be nervously looking over their shoulders . a repeat next year would then certainly result in falling behind serie a for the first time since 2006 . and even if next season does n't see england slump to fourth , without a significant reversal in the fortunes of premier league and serie a clubs in the next two years , the season afterwards would see england in major trouble . so if the likes of chelsea , manchester united , arsenal , manchester city and liverpool think fighting over the top four is a struggle , they need to start winning in europe - or it could be down to a top three . england are set to lose their points from the 2010/11 season , when tottenham reached the quarter finals .