as the sun sets on the saharan desert , its colours cast a glow on its vast sand dunes causing rainbow light to dance across the landscape . and nasa has captured how this stunning show appears from space using its landsat 7 satellite . it shows ' ribbons ' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the erg chech , a desolate sand sea in southwestern algeria - but the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known . linear dunes , like these captured by nasa 's landsat 7 satellite , are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles ( 160km ) . this image shows ' ribbons ' of sand and patterned stripes in an area known as the erg chech , a desolate sand sea in southwestern algeria - but the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known . the image was spotted by io9 and the colours were caused as rays of sunlight hit the sand and were reflected off . linear dunes are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles ( 160km ) . ridges are categorised as linear when they are significantly longer than they are wide , and they occur on isolated ridges of dunes as well as , more commonly , as sets of parallel ridges separated by miles of sand and gravel . linear dunes are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles ( 160km ) . ridges are categorised as linear when they are significantly longer than they are wide , and they occur on isolated ridges of dunes as well as , more commonly , as sets of parallel ridges separated by miles of sand , gravel . the dunes have also been known to merge and form so-called 'y-shaped compound dunes ' , and the formation of these patterns are caused by the wind and movement of sand . but exactly how this wind movement forms the structures is disputed . the dunes have also been known to merge and form so-called 'y-shaped compound dunes ' , and the formation of these patterns are caused by the wind and movement of sand . but exactly how this wind movement forms the structures is disputed . one theory , suggested by steven hanna in 1969 in his formation of longitudinal sand dunes by large helical eddies in the atmosphere paper , is that linear dunes are created by helical roll vortices . these are long rolls of air that spiral , or rotate one way before rotating another . they are commonly seen in clouds , creating what 's known as ' cloud streets ' that appear as cumulus-type clouds . as the wind moves and switches direction it causes the sand to move accordingly and create grooves and ridges in the sand . ' the dunes are aligned in the direction of the prevailing wind and are spaced 1.2 miles ( 2km apart ) ' , explained professor hanna . ' observations in the atmosphere and in the laboratory indicate that dominant forms of motion in the boundary layer of the atmosphere are counter-rotating helical roll vortices aligned along the wind . ' the necessary conditions for the formation of these roll vortices are fulfilled over large deserts and their spacings agree with the observed spacings of the dunes . ' one theory , suggested by steven hanna in 1969 , is that the linear dunes are created by helical roll vortices ( illustrated left ) . these are long rolls of air that spiral , or rotate one way before rotating another . they are commonly seen in clouds , creating what 's known as ' cloud streets ' that appear as cumulus-type clouds align to be parallel to the wind ( illustrated right ) . in his book , geomorphology of desert dunes , nicholas lancaster from the desert research institute argues that this theory has its flaws . he said professor hanna compared data on the spacing of linear dunes with the expected dimensions of helical roll vortices in subtropical desert areas , concluding their ' probable wavelength was 1.9 miles to 3.7 miles ( 2km to 6km ) . ' but measured dimensions of roll vortices indicate their wavelength ranges between less than 50 metres and 31 miles ( 15 km ) . ' the observed scale of helical roll vortices is in many cases much larger than average dune spacing , suggesting that linear dunes are not the product of such atmospheric motions , ' explained mr lancaster . ' evidence for the existence of helical roll vortices in linear dune landscapes is slight . the theory is attractive but there is little empirical data to support it in dune area . ' ridges are categorised as linear when they are significantly longer than they are wide , and they occur on isolated ridges of dunes as well as sets of parallel ridges separated by miles of sand and gravel . linear dunes in the namib naukluft national park , namibia are shown . the dunes have also been known to merge and form so-called 'y-shaped compound dunes ' , and patterns are caused by the wind and movement of sand . another theory believes barchan evolution may play a role . ' barchans ' are crescent-shaped sand dunes ( top left ) that form in regions where there is almost unidirectional wind . if windblown sand comes from one direction , a dune will be a crescent-shaped barchan but if winds switch direction seasonally they become linear ( pictured left centre and in morocco right ) . while in the ' formation of the complex linear dunes in the central taklimakan sand sea , china ' study , chinese researcher xunming wang and his colleagues said that in the case of ' complex ' linear dunes - that are a combination of two shapes - the theory of barchan evolution may play a role . ' barchans ' are crescent-shaped sand dunes that form in regions where there is almost unidirectional wind . the shapes depend on the wind’s direction , and if windblown sand comes from one direction , for example , a dune will be a crescent-shaped barchan but if winds switch direction seasonally - coming from the southwest for half the year and from the southeast for the other half , for instance - this dune will be linear . if wind direction is more varied , star-shaped dunes appear . the erg chech features both compound and complex linear , as well as star dunes . erg ' comes from the arabic word for ' field of sand dunes ' . mr wang said : ' complex linear dune formation is shown to have five stages . ' analysis clearly shows that under the control of wind regime , sand supply and other factors , the simple linear dunes move sideways while they evolve . ' the evolutionary processes of complex linear dunes in the region partly support the theory of ‘ barchan evolution’ but do not support the ‘roll-vortex’ and ‘ bimodal wind regime’ hypotheses . ' the researchers continued that after the complex linear dunes develop , local wind patterns and the amount of sand suggest it is possible for them to maintain their linear shape , rather than evolving into star shapes for example , even as wind direction changes . the erg chech features both compound and complex linear , as well as star dunes .