ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for west ham 's home clash with stoke ... west ham united vs stoke city ( upton park ) . team news . west ham . west ham will have ecuador forward enner valencia available again following a toe injury for saturday 's barclays premier league game against stoke at upton park . defender james tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery and hopes to be in contention again before the end of the season . west ham 's enner valencia takes on hull 's curtis davies in a premier league clash back in september . striker andy carroll ( knee ) remains sidelined , along with canada defender doneil henry ( hamstring ) . provisional squad : adrian , jenkinson , collins , reid , cresswell , noble , downing , noble , song , kouyate , nolan , sakho , jaaskelainen , cole , amalfitano , nene , demel , o'brien , jarvis , valencia . stoke . stoke defender marc wilson is available for saturday 's barclays premier league trip to west ham despite a broken hand . wilson complained of a problem after last week 's clash against chelsea and scans have revealed a crack , but he will be able to play if wearing protection . marc wilson ( left ) clashes with chelsea 's juan cuadrado during stoke 's 2-1 defeat last weekend and the midfielder is set to play with a broken hand against west ham united . striker jon walters has had a knee problem but has been training and is also in contention . provisional squad : begovic , butland , shawcross , wilson , wollscheid , muniesa , bardsley , pieters , teixeira , cameron , whelan , adam , nzonzi , sidwell , ireland , arnautovic , diouf , walters , crouch . kick-off : saturday , 3pm . odds ( subject to change ) : west ham 6/5 . draw 9/4 . stoke 23/10 . referee : roger east . managers : sam allardyce ( west ham ) , mark hughes ( stoke ) . head-to-head league record : west ham wins 28 , draws 18 , stoke wins 27 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . west ham are winless in three against the potters , losing two and drawing the other . stoke have won three of their last six against the hammers in all competitions ( d2 l1 ) . upton park has seen the most goals from indirect free-kicks this season ( 6 ) . west ham have won only one of their last nine premier league games ( d3 l5 ) . after winning three games in a row in february/march , stoke have now lost three games in succession . charlie adam has had 25 shots ( inc. blocked ) from outside the box in the premier league this season but has scored only with one of those . thomas hitzlsperger ( right ) battles for possession with stoke 's jermaine pennant and was on target for west ham when they last beat the potters at upton park with a 3-0 win in march 2011 . aaron cresswell is the only hammer to have played every minute of every west ham game in the premier league this season . peter crouch has the same number of premier league goals as ruud van nistelrooy ( 95 ) but has played 238 games more in the competition . 10 of the 13 premier league goals that stewart downing has been involved in this season came before the new year . mark hughes has lost only one of his last 10 premier league encounters with sam allardyce ( w6 d3 ) .