a married couple who have endured the heartbreak of ten miscarriages in ten years , have revealed the joy of becoming parents to their miracle daughter . last year sarah , 36 , and mark brennan , 35 , from south wales , never gave up hope of becoming parents despite being told they 'd never conceive naturally . yet last september they defied doctors to have eryn , who was born seven weeks early , weighing just 3lb 11oz . sarah and mark brennan show off their longed-for daughter eryn elisabeth . sarah , a project manager , said : ' we 'd just been put on the waiting list for ivf , when i had an inkling i might be pregnant . ' after feeling queasy and exhausted , she decided to take a pregnancy test , which confirmed that she was expecting . mark , a technician , said : ' it was wonderful to find out that sarah was pregnant , but after so many miscarriages , we could not help but worry . ' the pair , who met when they were 18 , were just about to jet off to egypt for a holiday and quickly booked themselves in for a private scan . mark said : ' it may sound strange , but after about six miscarriages , we just got used to it - to being let down every time . ' during their holiday , sarah continued to suffer from sickness and giddiness and went straight to the princess of wales hospital in bridgend when they returned home . project manager sarah , pictured with her treasured daughter , advises other mums struggling with infertility to not give up . after telling the midwife their history they were referred to the sonographer and a scan revealed a heartbeat . ' we could n't stop the tears - we were in pieces . we even had the sonographer in tears , ' sarah said . in the weeks that followed , the pair were told that their baby was developing well and found out at the 20-week scan that they were expecting a girl . everything went smoothly until 29 weeks , when sarah 's waters broke so early , the doctors did not believe they had gone . she recalled : ' i was in a state of panic . but they hooked me up to machines to check her and , thank god , she was ok . ' sarah was told that she was experiencing braxton hicks - a tightening of the muscles in the womb - and sent home . the couple then spent the next few days in and out of hospital . ' fear was creeping back into both of us , ' she said . ' in fact , scared just is n't the word . ' the doctors eventually confirmed that her waters had broken and she was sent to a specialist unit at singleton hospital in swansea for close monitoring . after going into labour early , sarah feared she 'd lost eryn and could n't hold her newborn for five hours . ' i was in agony with the pain of every baby kick , stretch , minor movement or hiccup , ' she said . sarah spent the next two weeks in hospital , but did not go into labour and decided to go home . she eventually went into labour on september 30 and was booked in for an emergency caesarean , as the baby was in the breech position . eryn was born at 33 weeks at the princess of wales hospital in bridgend at 2.52pm , weighing just 3ib 11oz . sarah said : ' she let out a cry and we were in tears - we were finally parents . but instead of handing her to me , the midwife raced away because she needed help breathing . ' i did n't get to see her until five hours after she was born and the first cuddle , with wires and tubes , was not until the next day . ' the couple decided to call their daughter eryn elisabeth . the couple said they became ' used ' to the heartbreak of miscarriages after losing ten babies . sarah said : ' i was handed eryn , complete with tubes and wires , and i crumbled with a perfect rush of emotion and love . ' sarah was discharged from hospital , but eryn had to stay in neonatal care for three weeks . ' it was terrifying to leave her , ' she said . ' we spent all day by her cot and i was in tears every night . ' the pair eventually returned to their home in llantwit major and eryn is now growing well . sarah said : ' we were so happy - i would say to anyone else who is going through the same thing - never give up hope . '