scientists are baffled after discovering a rare deep sea oarfish had washed up on a salt marsh in new zealand . the serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the otago harbour , in dunedin on thursday . samples of the bizaree creature , known to swim vertically as well self-amputate its own tail , were sent to see otago museum for testing . department of conservation service manager david agnew pictured with a three-metre oarfish which washed up at the entrance of the otago harbour on thursday . department of conservation service manager david agnew told daily mail australia he had never seen anything like it . ‘ i was in the area when a local man called me and said he had found a strange looking fish on his morning walk . it was unlike anything i had ever seen . ' ' it must have just washed up and it was very fresh . it’s a very weird looking creature . instead of scales it has this smooth skin , like tinfoil , and if you rubbed it the silver would come onto your hand . ' mr agnew snapped some images and sent them off to the university of otago . ‘ they got back to me very quickly to say it was an oarfish , which i had never heard of . it’s incredibly rare to see them in new zealand . ’ samples of the deep sea fish , known to swim vertically as well self-amputate its own tail , were sent to see otago museum for testing . the bizarre deep sea creatures are known to swim vertically as well as eating sections of their own tail . the fish , which can grow to eleven metres in length , are are known to eat of sections of their own tail . scientists have been unable to explain why they self-amputate , but some have proposed it is a form of protection . the frightening appearance of the fish means they have have been associated with various myths , including people mistaking them for sea-serpents . it has even been suggested that the loch ness monster was an oarfish . the frightening appearance of the fish has led to some people mistaking them for mythical sea-serpents . otago museum later took tissue and organ samples of the elusive fish in a bid to find out what caused it to be washed ashore . ‘ oarfish are typically often found hundreds of metres underwater . it’s likely this fish was moved here from a very strong current , ’ mr agnew said .