dramatic footage has emerged of the moment police in texas pulled an unconscious man from the burning wreckage of his car mere moments before it was engulfed by flames . officers in mesquite early sunday came upon the burning suv belonging to 25-year-old hector valles , who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel . valles ' clothes had begun to burn as officers ryan nielson and autumn soto finally unpinned him from the car and pulled him down onto the safety of the interstate service road . certain death : police in mesquite , texas arrived to find a crashed car burning as the driver lay unconscious behind the wheel . pulled him out : the dashcam rolled as officers ryan nielson and autumn soto managed to get 25-year-old hector valles out of his suv and stamp out his burning clothes . moments later , while nielson and soto were still dragging valles across the pavement , the fire in his suv erupted ever further , fully engulfing the interior . bystanders alongside valles car can be heard yelling , ' he 's still breathing ' in the dashcam footage that shows nielson and soto 's heroic rescue . the level-headed officers tell valles ' relax dude , ' and 'c'mon man ' before realizing he 's out cold . officer soto can be heard begging him to ' stay with us ' as they drag valles ' limp form along the concrete and out of harm 's way . tense seconds pass before valles can be seen to move his body on his own as the relieved officers assure him help is on the way . nick of time : while the officers were still dragging valles across the pavement , flames fully engulfed the interior of his car . ' stay with us ! ' : valles was unresponsive and some tense moments pass in the footage before he 's seen to move under his own power . he was transported to baylor university medical center in dallas , the morning news reports , where he remained hospitalized in the intensive care unit as of monday . valles ' mother olivia valles told kdfw that her son was going to pull through as she thanked the officers who made his recovery possible . ' we would like to thank the mesquite police officers and witnesses whose heroic efforts saved our son , ' olivia valles said in a statement . ' hector is strong . he is a fighter . we are thankful to the lord that he is here , he is recovering and is in good hands . ' meanwhile , hector 's accident remained under investigation monday as police revealed only that he crashed into a steel pillar after swerving off i-30 and onto the adjacent service road . victim : by monday , it remained unclear why 25-year-old valles ( pictured ) veered off of i-30 before crashing into a pillar , nearly ending his life sunday . ' we would like to thank the mesquite police officers and witnesses whose heroic efforts saved our son , ' valles mother olivia valles said in a statement . ' hector is strong . he is a fighter . we are thankful to the lord that he is here , he is recovering and is in good hands . '