a ginger tabby cat sneaked inside a shipping container in egypt before embarking on a mammoth 3,000 mile trip to herefordshire - without food and water . the kitten , who has since been named sinbad , was discovered by puzzled staff at mediterranean linens in moreton-on-lugg , hereford . they heard meows coming from inside the container , which was carrying laundry linen . the rspca was called out to investigate and there they found the exhausted and ravenous eight-month-old kitten , who had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes . sinbad the cat survived a 3,000 mile and 17 day journey from egypt to hereford in a shipping container . sinbad with vet amy wheelr ( left ) and rspca inspector pippa boyd ( right ) , who was called out by the company to investigate after they heard strange noises coming from the container . laura quinn , from the rspca , described the case as ' unique ' and said it was incredible sinbad had survived the 17-day journey . she told mailonline : ' when we found him , he was really hungry , thirsty and tired but he also looked really friendly and was quite vocal . ' it 's really unique , we 've not had anything like this before . he had travelled quite some way . the linen company were also shocked by what had happened . ' rspca inspector pippa boyd , who was called out to the scene , added : ' the company showed me the paperwork . they have to seal the containers and put a tag on there , which they did when the container left . they showed me the paperwork and the tag , and it did all match up . we thought maybe at customs someone might have opened it up , but they did n't . ' once found , sinbad was taken to the laurels veterinary surgery in whitecross , hereford , where he was fed a little at a time . he has now gone into quarantine in bristol for four months . he will then go to an rspca centre for checks and it is hoped he will then be re-homed . this map shows the route taken by sinbad took , from alexandria port in egypt to moreton-on-lugg , hereford . sinbad , a ginger tabby , was found in the container where he had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes . rspca inspector pippa boyd said it was an incredible feat to have survived the 17 days and hard to believe . his epic journey began at the nile linen group in alexandria port in egypt on march 8 . the container got to el-dekheila port on march 9 , felixstowe in suffolk on march 24 and then moreton-on-lugg on march 25 . graham monteath , 56 , managing director at mediterranean linens , said they could not work out what the noise was when the shipping container arrived . he said : ' i have never heard a cat meow like that in my life . i would never have thought that was a cat . ' one of the lads thought it was a baby . i thought it could have been a buzzard trying to get into the warehouse because we do get lots of them around here . ' i just turned round and thought `` good god ' , what is that ? '' then this cat 's head popped out of the door . ' we checked the seal and it had not been tampered with . it was very odd . the rspca woman said that she was very surprised how well the cat looked . ' it had scratched open one of the boxes . there was not much of a mess but we did not use any of the linen by that . ' he added : ' i gave him the beef which was for my lunch . he scoffed it . ' so he got some good british food for his first meal on english soil . ' sinbad , the ginger tabby cat , started his epic journey in alexandria port in egypt ( pictured ) on march 8 . the container carrying the cat got to el-dekheila port on march 9 , felixstowe in suffolk ( pictured ) on march 24 . after covering 3,000 miles and following his 17 day ordeal without food and water , he arrived at the mediterranean linens ( pictured ) in moreton-on-lugg , hereford . the quarantine stay will cost the rspca almost £2,000 , so an appeal page has been set up to cover costs . mediterranean linens has donated £100 . donations have also been received from paragon laundry/ clean linen services and fresh linen . so far more than £1,500 has been raised .