as our cities get busier parking spaces become harder to come by and it can be difficult to squeeze into a tight spot in rush hour . but german engineers have come up with an innovative solution - a small electric car that can turn on the spot , shrink in size and even move sideways , like a crab , so it can park itself . the eossc2 is described as an ' ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities ' and is designed to connect to others to form a train . scroll down for videos . engineers at the dfki robotics centre describe the eossc2 ( animated ) as an ' ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities ' and plan on enabling it to drive itself . the concept car can turn on the spot , shrink in size and even move sideways , like a crab , so it can park itself . crabs have a wide flat body to make it easier squeeze into narrow spaces and the eossc2 works in a similar way . the arthropods flex the second joint of each leg to move sideways , although some crabs can walk forwards as well . in the case of the eossc2 , the car turns its wheels to manoeuvre and mimic this movement . its unusual design also features a forward tilt and doors that open like the delorean in back to the future . its unusual design also features a forward tilt and doors that open like the delorean in back to the future ( pictured ) . currently , the two-seater vehicle can be driven in the traditional way , diagonally and sideways . it pivots using wheels powered by separate motors and shrinks from 8ft ( 2.5metres ) to 5ft ft ( 1.5metres ) crabs ( stock image ) have a wide flat body to make it easier squeeze into narrow spaces and the eossc2 works in a similar way . the arthropods flex the second joint of each leg to move sideways , although some crabs can walk forwards as well . in the case of the car , the wheels pivot sideways . created at the dfki robotics centre in bremen , germany , the concept vehicle is intended to be semi-autonomous . the car 's computer and its auto-navigation system enables it to park itself , ' even within narrow and congested roads , ' the firm said . size : 8 feet ( 2.5metres ) to 5 feet ( 1.5metres ) weight : 1,653 lbs ( 750kg ) . power : 54v - lifepo4 battery . speed : 40mph ( 65 km/h ) motors : four 4kw wheelhub motors . sensors : 360 lidar sensor on the roof . testing : bremen , germany and dalian , china . ' later , an autopilot will be able to drive the car without a single passenger intervention creating the driverless car , ' it added . currently , the two-seater vehicle can be driven in the traditional way , diagonally and sideways . it can also pivot on the spot and shrink from 8 feet ( 2.5metres ) to 5 feet ( 1.5metres ) while maintaining a comfortable seating position , according to the firm . it does this because its wheels are individually powered by separate motors so they can turn in different directions . the car has a top speed of 40mph ( 65 km/h ) and its semi-autonomous features are possible because of inbuilt cameras and a lidar sensor on its roof , which lets the vehicle scan its environment and locate itself in it , 10 times a second . it is designed to link with others to from a kind a connected convoy that can save energy over long distances - such as on motorways or as a car-sharing scheme . a team of 10 engineers built the car from scratch over a three year period . the eossc2 is currently being tested in the cities of bremen and dalian , china . the car has a top speed of 40mph ( 65 km/h ) and its semi-autonomous features are possible because of inbuilt cameras and a lidar sensor on its roof , which lets the vehicle scan its environment and locate itself in it , 10 times a second . the eossc2 is currently being tested in the cities of bremen and dalian , china .