jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney . literally . the 27-year-old bared all to those at the hyland race colours plate in canterbury , austalia as he attempted to ride miss royale to victory . during the final turn in race 1 , shinn stood up on his horse to gain momentum as he tried to overtake leader tommy berry with the finishing line in sight . australian jockey blake shinn ( right ) suffered an unfortunate wardrobe malfunction while racing on thursday . shinn ( right ) bared his bum to all at the hyland race colours plate in canterbury , australia during the race . shinn 's ( right ) elastic in his pants gave way as he attempted to ride miss royale to victory on thursday . however , unfortunately for shinn the only thing sight that took the gaze of those watching was his naked behind . atop miss royale as it tore down the home straight , the elastic in shinn 's pants gave way , exposing his backside to punters track-side . ' i was more worried about winning the race . they [ the pants ] went just after the start and there was nothing i could do , ' he said afterwards . ' i think a lot of people are going to have a bit of fun with this , but they ca n't say i was n't focused and went to the line . ' the 27-year-ol shinn was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down . despite his embarrassing mishap , shinn was in good spirits after the race when he jokingly compared his situation to that of beauty queen jennifer hawkins . back in 2004 , hawkins ' skirt slipped off her waist during the westfield miranda catwalk fashion parade . and shinn saw the funny side of his own untimely reveal by tweeting : ' now i know how jen hawkins feels . tried to give my fellow jocks a bum steer but unfortunately backfired . should of had my @ bondsaus on . ' australian beauty queen jennifer hawkins embarrassingly revealed her backside during a catwalk in 2004 . acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing . ' he needed a belt at the 200-metre mark , ' rudolph said . ' we usually report gear malfunctions , but we are leaving that one alone , ' mr rudolph said , according to fairfax media . unfortunately for the champion jockey , he was n't able to win the race , but he proved once and for all he always has a crack .