imminent arrival : the duchess of cambridge , pictured with prince george . they could have been any mother and child . the pony-tailed young woman sitting on a hay bale at a petting zoo with her little boy perched on her knee wore barely a trace of make-up . the only giveaway that she was someone special was the diamond and sapphire ring sparkling on her left hand . while some other mothers nudged one another in disbelief as kate and prince george cooed over the new-born animals , staff at snettisham farm park , norfolk , are so familiar with the duchess of cambridge she knows many on first-name terms . helped by his mother , her prominent bump hidden beneath what appeared to be william’s green barbour coat , prince george tenderly gave a bottle of milk to one of the farm’s new-born piglets . if it seems to be a picture of a typical middle-class day out , that is no accident as this is exactly the informal , away-from-the-cameras upbringing william and kate want for their children . that is why they are turning their new country bolt hole , anmer hall , on the north norfolk coast , into a secluded fortress home , far from prying eyes – and far removed from traditional royal protocol . anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years as william focuses on family and his new flying career . for him , a life of peace and quiet is far preferable to his own pressure-cooker upbringing under the global spotlight . royal aides have confirmed that the cambridges will head to anmer after the birth ( they will spend the first night at kensington palace ) – as will kate’s mother , carole , to help with childcare and housekeeping . kate will be taking a longer maternity leave this time round and the mail on sunday can reveal that the pilot prince plans to scale back his black-tie charity commitments so that he can enjoy more time at home . ‘ his focus for the next two years is on family and flying in that order , ’ a close friend revealed . already the couple have immersed themselves in a notably more domestic – not to say middle class – life style than many royals , with under-the-radar shopping trips to nearby market towns and evening dinners in country pubs . a noticeable part of the mother-and-child day out at snettisham was the absence of fuss and preferential treatment . the duchess’s security detail , stationed a respectful 50 yards away , left kate and george to enjoy their morning in peace . it was a sunny monday earlier this month , just days after the couple finally moved into anmer hall . and kate and george were enjoying one of their last days out together before the arrival of the new royal baby . scroll down for video . family home : william has created a secluded retreat for kate , george and their new arrival at anmer hall , in north norfolk . according to one farm source : ‘ kate comes here a lot with george . she is absolutely lovely and george is delightful . there is never a fuss when she’s here . ‘ if she wasn’t pointed out to you , you wouldn’t know she was here . she goes about her business like any other young mum and dotes on her child . little george is lovely , extraordinarily social and other children seem to fuss over him . they have no idea who he is . ’ according to a close friend of kate’s : ‘ she can’t wait to escape the hustle and bustle of the city . both she and william love the country and it’s where they want to raise their family . ’ it’s not hard to see why they want to escape the confines of apartment 1a , kensington palace , their official residence . fiercely private , the cambridges are faced with the problem of being both public figures and private people . william has a complicated relationship with the media , dating back to his mother’s tragic death . he despises the paparazzi and has threatened legal action against any individuals taking unofficial photographs of his family . pregnant kate and young prince george have enjoyed meeting the new-born animals at snettisham park farm . prince george and his mother are also regular visitors to the children’s play area at a nearby village . as a result , prince george is rarely photographed in public and has not made an official appearance in this country since leaving st mary’s hospital 21 months ago . this is no mistake . it is part of william’s strategy to shelter his family and he has a team of qualified aides and lawyers to advise him on privacy laws . of course , william and kate are also keen to enjoy the fruits of their two-year £1.5 million remodelling of their new home , with its ten bedrooms , swimming pool , tennis court and extensive grounds . their official residence will remain kensington palace , but anmer hall will be their de facto family home for at least the next two years as william embarks on a new career with the east anglian air ambulance service . as part of the costly renovations – which also included installing a new roof , a state-of-the-art kitchen and a conservatory – william had the driveway to the property , which used to belong to his close friends the van cutsem family , rerouted so that anyone accessing the property is shielded by trees . security is paramount and the outhouses have been converted into dwellings for the couple’s security staff . at anmer hall , prince george can enjoy playing in the garden and william can cycle freely around the country lanes . kate loves shopping in the locals villages of burnham market , holt and holkham and locals often see her playing with george at a play area in a nearby village . moving to anmer has afforded the couple the peace and freedom william especially has always craved . the tiny hamlet where they live is so small there isn’t even a pub , just a social club where the couple sometimes mingle with locals at its film nights . the residents of the blue-doored cottages , part of the sandringham estate , are fiercely protective of their new neighbours . remember , too , that some of william’s happiest childhood memories are of when his mother ripped up the stuffy royal protocols and introduced her two young sons to ‘normal’ life by taking them to theme parks , go-kart tracks and public beaches – trips echoed by kate and george’s visit to the petting zoo . the duchess of cambridge enjoys shopping in picturesque north norfolk villages such as holt ( pictured ) . friends say they are considering sending prince george to a local nursery or playschool . while a royal aide says it is ‘ a bit premature’ , the couple will soon have to think about the option for their son . the couple have already become central to the elite group of aristocratic locals known as the ‘ turnip toffs’ . prince george’s godfather william van cutsem and his wife rosie live in hilborough , 40 minutes away , while the duke’s old friends the duckworth-chad family live at pynkney hall near king’s lynn . william’s friend , etonian archie soames is often at the family seat , west barsham hall in fakenham , less than an hour from anmer hall , and the couple socialise with baron howard of rising’s children annabel , charlie and tom who william plays football with . the duke’s cousin laura fellowes and her husband nick pettman also live in west norfolk . the couple already have a list of favourite pubs . two weeks ago , they shared a dinner with six friends at the crown in nearby east rudham . william , seated at the head of the table next to his heavily pregnant wife , organised the supper to celebrate them finally moving to anmer . ‘ william and kate have friends in norfolk , and they enjoyed a private dinner in a dining room , ’ reports a source . ‘ they wanted a night out and they can do it here . the locals are very protective of them , as are the pub owners . they organise special tables out of the way of prying eyes and escape routes so they are never seen coming in or leaving . ’ the couple have been seen dining at the dabbling duck in great massingham , the king’s head in great bircham and the rose and crown at snettisham . while they are relaxed , their discreet security detail of five protection officers remains on high alert . friends say the plan is for carole to move in to look after her daughter once william resumes work following a fortnight’s paternity leave . the duke , 32 , will be stationed at cambridge airport when he is fully trained to fly a powerful ec145 t2 helicopter . he is said to be ‘ enormously excited’ about flying again , but it will be a challenge juggling his new career with official duties . william will be based at cambridge airport as part of his duties with the east anglian air ambulance service . the cambridges have already enjoyed dinner with friends at one of their locals , the crown inn at east rudham . the mail on sunday has been told that william has implemented a number of changes to his diary and will be cutting back on black-tie charity events in particular . instead , a friend insisted , he plans to continue with the informal , more intimate charity work he loves . a spokesman for the duke said he remains committed to his charities , adding : ‘ the duke’s intent is to work as full time as possible . he starts flying in the summer and his roster will take into account his official engagements . these will be broadly consistent with previous years . ’ meanwhile , his family will be staying in the background . princes william and harry were filmed as toddlers playing the piano in the kensington palace nursery with their parents , but william and kate have refused to allow the cameras into their home . pointedly , prince george fulfilled his only official engagement on the other side of the world in wellington during the couple’s tour of new zealand and australia . that short yet charming photocall has been his sole appearance in the public eye . diana strove to create as ordinary a life as possible for her boys and william wants the same for his own children . he has seen the charm , security and joys of a happy family life with the middletons and it is what he desires for his own family . both he and kate realise such a dream is far more realistic far from the madding crowds at anmer hall . 