a second cruise has docked in san diego with a massive outbreak of the noxious norovirus , which causes vomiting and diarrhea . royal caribbean 's legend of the seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked tuesday . just one day prior , the celebrity infinity cruise liner docked in the southern california city with 106 sick . both ships are owned by royal caribbean . the legend of the seas was carrying 1,763 passengers and 747 crew on 15-night cruise from fort lauderdale , florida . scroll down for video . the legend of the seas docked on tuesday with 135 sick passengers aboard - the second royal caribbean ship infected in two days . the celebrity infinity , which docked monday , reported 106 people who had fallen ill with norovirus . crews immediately got to work scrubbing down and sanitizing both ships . norovirus can live on surfaces for weeks , meaning other passengers could also be infected . the celebrity inifity , which carried 2,117 passengers and 964 crew , sailed the same path from florida through the mexican riviera . one of the passengers on the legend of the seas , brooke fagan , described a day of horrible gastrointestinal problems aboard the ship . ' i ended up feeling very very sick , very lethargic , very run-down . could n't really get out of bed . ended up throwing up and just had major issues all day , ' she told kfmb-tv . fagan believes the virus came from the ship 's port of call in guatemala . she says she fell ill shortly after that stop . the crew aboard the legend of the seas quarantined 15 people who fell ill to their staterooms for 48 hours . norovirus is an extremely contagious virus from contaminated water or food that can live on surfaces for weeks . it causes severe gastrointestinal distress . after both ships docked , crews went to work scrubbing down every inch of the cabins and common rooms . the cdc , which is investigating the matter , said : ' one cdc vessel sanitation program environmental health officer and one epidemiologist have boarded the ship in san diego , ca on april 13 , 2015 to conduct an environmental health assessment and evaluate the outbreak and response activities . both ships sailed from fort lauderdale , florida , to san diego for 15-night cruises . the celebrity infinity is pictured here . ' specimens have been collected and have been tested by cdc to determine the causative agent for this outbreak is norovirus . ' the cdc also sent a crew aboard the legend of the seas . in a statement sent to daily mail online , celebrity cruises said : ' those affected by the short-lived illness responded well to over-the-counter medication being administered onboard the ship , ' the company said . ' during the sailing , we took a number of steps to prevent the transmission of the illness , including implementing enhanced cleaning procedures and protocols , and using special cleaning products and disinfectants that are proven to kill norovirus to clean throughout the ship . ' additionally , when celebrity infinity arrived to san diego , california , today , we began an extensive and thorough sanitizing onboard the ship and within the cruise terminal , to help prevent any illness from affecting the subsequent sailing . ' the statement continued ' also , all guests will receive a letter at boarding that asks if they have experienced any gastrointestinal symptoms within the last three days . similarly , if any guest is uncomfortable taking their cruise , for reasons related to personal health or otherwise , our staff assisted them in rescheduling their sailing for another time . ' the maritime-executive reported the ship previously experienced gastrointestinal illness outbreaks in 2006 and 2013 .