people flocked to apple 's stores around the world to get a close-up look at the apple watch , the tech company 's first foray into the personal luxury goods market . the device was available for preorder online and to try out in stores by appointment , but not to take home . tim cook , interviewed on cable television channel cnbc , said initial orders were ' great . ' scroll down for video . a throng of apple lovers gathers at its store in tokyo 's upscale omotesando neighborhood for their first look at the apple watch . apple ceo tim cook showed off his personal apple watch to customers at an apple store in palo alto . apple predicted on thursday that demand would exceed supply at product launch . without knowing how many watches consumers have ordered , wall street analysts said it was too early to adjust their estimates for sales of the gadget . another key factor in the watch 's success will be demand once an initial wave of interest from apple enthusiasts subsides . the watch goes on sale officially on april 24 , online and through appointments in shops , including trendy fashion boutiques in paris , london and tokyo , part of apple 's strategy of positioning the wearable computer as a must-have accessory . but soon after online preorders opened on friday , apple 's website listed shipping times in june for some models of the watch and four to six weeks for others . there was immediately brisk bidding on ebay for confirmed orders for watches , with hundreds of sellers looking to make a few hundred or even thousand dollars by passing on their watches , once received . customers look at apple watches at an apple store in hangzhou , capital of east china 's zhejiang province . an assortment of apple 's new watch lies on display during a preview day at the apple store in covent garden in london . ' will the apple watch change your life ? well , possibly more than many realise until they start using it . ' after a day or two with the watch , a strange thing happened - i completely stopped checking my phone . ' while apple may be the firm that really creates phone addiction , meaning we are constantly checking our handsets , with the apple watch it may have cured it . ' apple undoubtedly has another hit on its hands with the watch . ' as more and more apps appear , and developers actually get to spend time with it , i fully expect it be used in ways we ca n't even imagine now . ' much like the iphone , apps could propel this to become a new computing platform - and even with the features it already has , the apple watch is the most elegant way to communicate digitally . ' mark prigg in new york . the lowest-priced sport model on ebay was $ 470 , a markup of more than $ 100 . a top-of-the-line gold apple watch edition was listed for $ 20,000 on ebay , $ 3,000 more than its official price . testing apple 's mastery of consumer trends , the watch is an untried concept for the cupertino , california-based company . it straddles a technology market accustomed to rapid obsolescence and luxury goods whose appeal lies in their enduring value . at an apple store in paris , staff cheered the first customers , most of them men under 30 years old . ' i have everything from apple , so now i need to get the watch , ' 19-year-old jeremy dugue , wearing an armani leather jacket , said after ordering the stainless steel model at 1,149 euros ( $ 1,218 ) . the apple watch sport starts at $ 349 while the standard version comes in at $ 549 in the united states . high-end ' edition ' watches with 18-karat gold alloys are priced from $ 10,000 and go as high as $ 17,000 . the watch also went on display in apple stores across these regions , as well as in galeries lafayette in paris ( pictured ) , isetan in tokyo , selfridges in london , and select apple resellers in japan and china . at apple 's flagship store in new york , jack weber , who was visiting from charlottesville , virginia , said he would give his wife a top-of-the-line ' edition ' as a 50th-anniversary gift . ' what more perfect wedding present could there be than this watch , ' he said . long wait times will likely stimulate more demand for the watch - which allows users to check email , listen to music and make phone calls when paired with an iphone - with little risk of losing impatient customers , said jmp analyst alex gauna . ' you would want to catch up by the holiday season , ' gauna said . ' but based on what 's out there in android land , i do n't think there 's an extreme risk in near term of losing customers who must have a smartwatch and will go to some alternative . ' android is google 's mobile operating system used on many smartwatches . reviewers this week praised the watch , which also helps users monitor their health and exercise , as ' beautiful ' and ' stylish ' . apple 's new watches are displayed at a store in san francisco , friday , april 10 , 2015 . apple has started taking orders for the watch on its website and the apple store app . customers wait in line outside of an apple store in front of a display for apple 's new watch in san francisco . apple ceo tim cook looks over a selection of apple watches in palo alto . sales estimates for 2015 vary widely . piper jaffray predicts 8 million units and global securities research forecasts 40 million . by comparison , apple sold nearly 200 million iphones last year . apple 's watch is widely expected to outsell those by samsung , sony corp and fitbit , which have attracted modest interest from consumers . it will likely account for 55 percent of global smartwatch shipments this year , according to societe generale . ' apple will outsell its wearable rivals by a very wide margin but it will do this on the power of its brand and its design alone , ' independent technology analyst richard windsor said . ' consequently , i am sticking to my 20 million forecast for the first 12 months and see the potential for some sogginess in the stock as reality sets in . ' apple shares were up 0.45 percent at $ 127.13 in afternoon trading on the nasdaq .