greece 's football federation ( epo ) could be suspended from international competition over government interference should a proposed new law be voted in , fifa and uefa have warned . following continuous problems with crowd trouble , the greek government has put together a new set of regulations in an attempt to crack down on violence at sports events . fifa and uefa have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations ' independence in running their own affairs and sent a joint letter to epo president giorgos girtzikis warning that it ' would have no option but to refer the case to the relevant bodies for immediate sanctions , including the suspension of the hellenic football federation ( epo ) . ' the greek government wants to stamp out incidents such as this in a march aek athens-olympiakos match . a new set of regulations to try and crack down on violence at sports events is opposed by fifa and uefa . the bill , entitled ' measures for the confrontation of violence in greek sports and other provisions ' , will be initially reviewed by the cultural affairs committee from april 27-30 and then discussed in parliament on may 4-5 . stavros kontonis , deputy minister for education , culture and religious affairs , criticised fifa and uefa in a strongly worded media statement , accusing both governing bodies of showing little interest in helping solve the issues of violence which have caused matches in greece to be suspended three times just this season . ' it appears that they are not interested in solving the evils plaguing greek football , but are instead seeking ways to offend the greek constitutional order and the greek people , especially the country 's football fans , which have to put up with the current scene of rot and corruption , something which the government is trying to overturn , ' kontonis said . football 's governing bodies have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations ' independence . kontonis has invited fifa and uefa to athens ahead of the planned three-day discussion of the bill . ' we hope that both federations understand the serious , accumulating problems of greek football and that they will engage constructively and actively in the process of consolidation , democratisation and transparency , ' he added . ( editing by justin palm . 