an 86-year-old kansas city chiefs superfan had one dying wish - to see her beloved team before taking her last breath . great-great grandmother betty johnson of missouri , a chiefs season ticket holder since 1986 , had said goodbye to everyone except for her team . but her wish was granted on thursday after a visit from chiefs hall of famer nick lowery , and johnson passed away shortly after , just as he was leaving , her family said . ' i believe she [ was ] holding on to say goodbye to her chiefs , ' her daughter , susan told kctv5 . scroll down for video . betty johnson , 86 , was a kansas city chiefs ticket holder since 1986 . a devoted fan , she was known as ' grandma ' by several players and received a kiss from wide receiver dwayne bowe every game ( above ) . as a devoted fan , johnson , who was known as ' grandma ' by several current players , would sit front row on the 45-yard line during home games . her presence at the games did not go unnoticed . wide receiver dwayne bowe would kiss her at every game , and former return specialist and wide receiver dante hall took off his coat and gave it to her , susan johnson said . the last game the retired school bus driver saw was on november 30 when the chiefs played the denver broncos . last season , she attended every home game apart from three . chiefs hall of famer nick lowery ( above ) visited johnson on thursday and shortly after the visit , she passed away . ' she is such a die-hard chiefs fans and loves them so much , ' susan johnson told kctv5 . ' her chiefs were more important to her than her home . ' johnson actually lost her north kansas city home in order to pay for her chiefs season tickets , according to kctv5 . the ailing mother-of-five daughters had been in hospice care since april 7 , and her health had been deteriorating after breaking her hip in february . in a bid to get johnson 's last request completed , her great granddaughter shared a photo of bowe kissing her grandmother at a recent game on twitter . autumn barricks wrote to the team on twitter : ' my gma is the teams gma and she is on hospice : ( i believe she is holding on to say goodbye to her chiefs . ' after users shared the picture of bowe and johnson together , as it went viral , word eventually reached the team which sent lowery . barricks wrote on april 17 : ' we did it ! ! ! thank you all for sharing and liking and retweeting ! ' the chiefs ambassadors shared on twitter that betty would be missed by chief kingdom . the post said : ' hofer nick lowery visited w/ longtime season ticket member betty johnson in her last moments . chiefs kingdom will miss you betty . ' following lowery 's visit , the chiefs shared a post on twitter saying she would be missed . it said : ' chiefs kingdom will miss you betty ' . during lowery 's visit , barricks told kshb the family said a prayer and as lowery was going to leave they realized she had passed away . barricks said : ' we sang a prayer , and he was going to leave , and we noticed that she was no longer breathing . ' we believe that she was just waiting to say goodbye to her chiefs . ' during home games , johnson would sit front row at the 45-yard line . she even lost her north kansas city home in order to pay for chiefs season tickets ( above the chiefs playing the oakland raiders ) .