moors murderer ian brady has revealed he is a ukip supporter and thinks david dimbleby is an ' establishment dumpling ' . the 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside . brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley . scroll down for video . moors murderer ian brady , pictured ( left ) from ashworth psychiatric hospital and ( right ) in a court sketch in 2013 , has revealed that he is a ukip supporter and thinks david dimbleby is an ' establishment dumpling ' in a series of letters . in a series of rambling letters , he wrote : it comes four months after brady - who has to use a zimmer frame to move around - wrote a letter to a channel 5 news correspondent , in which he expressed no remorse for his killings . instead he complained he is ' bedridden and worsening ' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago . brady ( left ) was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley ( right ) . the victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on saddleworth moor above manchester . above , police search the area for the bodies . in the december letter he wrote : ' this cell block is described as a `` discharge ward '' ; i 've been sitting here 30 years ... and there 's no turnaround of inmates unless in a coffin . ' brady murdered five children between 1963 and 1965 along with accomplice hindley , who died aged 60 in 2002 . the victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on saddleworth moor above manchester . pauline reade , 16 , disappeared on her way to a disco on july 12 , 1963 , and john kilbride , 12 , was snatched in november the same year . keith bennett was taken on june 16 , 1964 , after he left home to visit his grandmother . lesley ann downey , 10 , was lured away from a funfair on boxing day , 1964 , and edward evans , 17 , was killed in october 1965 . his letter reads : politicians of today ? compared to the only truly democratic and altruistic peoples’ government ever elected , labour 1945 , the uk corrupt , greedmotivated ( sic ) political vermin of today , aren’t worth even assassination , all being tory clerks/lackeys . however , i hope that ukip not only wipes out the lib-dems but also decimates the tory and labour vote , and that the snp achieves the same in scotland . in addition , i hope the ira is reactivated , as promised for a united ireland . [ ... ] the corporate controlled ( including the bbc ) lower middle class , collusive , servile media generate a false appearance if of democracy and free speech , in a now spineless population constantly asking , `` am i allowed to say ( this and that ) ? '' ( sic ) . where the voters now have the choice between a coalition of public school millionaires or a refugee privileged german jew . absurdity ! incidentally , the scottish dictionary definition of `` cleg '' ( sic ) is , aptly , `` a course grey bloodsucking horsefly '' . cleg ( sic ) , like his us lickspittle blair , would form a coalition with literally anyone , just to retain his public image of secondhand power and pathetic grandiosity . as i stopped reading uk newspapers or relying on uk media , depending only on aljezeers ( sic ) and teletext , i know nothing of any eu decisions on uk prisoners possibly voting , and couldn’t care less ! ironically in my half century of imprisonment , i discovered that most professional criminals are tory voters ! [ ... ] yours faithfully , is brady . keith bennett ( left ) , 12 , was snatched and murdered in 1964 and john kilbride ( right ) , also 12 , was snatched in november the year before . since being convicted brady has hardly been seen . above , a police convoy takes brady to liverpool crown court in 2000 for what was his first appearance in more than 30 years . brady was given whole life sentences for the murders of john , lesley ann and edward - but did not admit to killing keith and pauline until he was in prison . keith 's body has never been discovered . hindley was convicted of killing lesley ann and edward , and shielding brady after john 's murder . she was jailed for life . taxpayers have forked out more than £14million on brady since he was convicted nearly 50 years ago . he has racked up the costs by staging a 15-year hunger strike and a series of failed legal challenges - for which he has relied on legal aid . he lost his last appeal to be transferred to a ' ordinary ' prison in june 2013 .