unsurprisingly , the champions league and europa league draws have dominated the headlines on the continent - especially in spain and italy who make up six of the last eight teams remaining in both european competitions . in italy , juventus ' semi-final with real madrid has been likened to a pair of films with tuttosport comparing the clash to ' star wars ' complete with cristiano ronaldo and mauro icardi brandishing lightsabers , while corriere dello sport confidently claim it 's ' mission possible ' . la gazetta dello sport are equally bold in their conviction that the old lady can overcome the holders and have even mapped out how the tie can be won , which seems to pin hopes on former manchester city striker carlos tevez . film themes have been used to brand the champions league semi-final between real madrid and juventus . la gazzetta dello sport pins juve 's hopes of reaching the champions league final on carlos tevez . italians have a plan to beat the holders while spain is holding out for a clasico final . bernabeu boss carlo ancelotti apparently fears hos former team since : ' they 've won the scudetto and can now focus only on europe ' . and , former liverpool and chelsea manager rafa benitez is being equally cautious over his napoli side 's chances of beating europa league minnows dnipro , warning : ' they are a good side ' . with fiorentina facing holders sevilla in the second semi-final , there is hope that the final will be contested between two serie a teams . meanwhile , spain are looking towards an all-spanish champions league final between arch rivals barcelona and real madrid with marca referring to semi-final opponents bayern munich and juventus as ' the berlin walls ' blocking ' the mother of all finals ' . pep guardiola faces an emotional return to the nou camp as bayern munich take on barcelona . benfica and porto meet in a top of the table clash in portugal ( left ) pavel nedvedis looking forward to real . pep guardiola will of course be facing his former barcelona team as manager of the germans with as reporting him as saying : ' it will be special : it feels like my home ' while mundo deportivo have him praising barca as ' the strongest team ' . there 's also the small matter of a derby between the catalans and espanyol on saturday , a game luis enrique has called ' a key match on hostile territory’ . fc porto and benfica will be staging a top of the table clash in portugual which has been described as a ' duel of goals ' by a bola who have mocked up jackson martinez and jonas oliveira as cartoon figure cowboys preparing for the shoot out .