theo walcott understands just how difficult it is now to hold down a place in the arsenal side , who he says have been the ' best team in europe ' this year and could lift the title next season if everyone stays fit . the gunners ' slim hopes of overhauling chelsea 's 10-point lead at the top of the barclays premier league were all but extinguished following a goalless draw at the emirates stadium on sunday . walcott watched on from the bench again before a late substitute appearance , with the forward 's last club start having been back in march . theo walcott believes arsenal have been the ' best team in europe ' in the second half of the season . arsenal had earned eight successive premier league victories before the 0-0 draw against chelsea . the 26-year-old - who recovered from a serious knee injury last season , but has yet to agree a new long-term deal - feels such strength in depth can only be positive for the squad , if sometimes frustrating for individuals . fellow england internationals danny welbeck , jack wilshere and kieran gibbs also did not make the first xi against chelsea . ' there is a lot of competition for places so everyone seems to lift a gear and play extremely well . it makes it a bit more difficult for people to get into the team , ' walcott said , quoted on the club 's official website , www.arsenal.com . ' i think , especially this season , not many people thought we would be challenging for the premier league . ' in this calendar year , we have been the best team in europe . ' it is the strongest the squad has been and everyone is staying fit as well . the english midfielder ( left ) has struggled to maintain a first team place under arsene wenger this season . ' there are n't many injuries in the squad , which is important . if we had an injury-free season , i think we could lift the title . ' arsenal head to hull on bank holiday monday looking to keep pressure on manchester city in the race for second place , and with it automatic qualification for next season 's champions league . captain mikel arteta is set to step up his training this week after an ankle problem hampered recovery from a calf injury , while midfielder alex oxlade-chamberlain is another continuing rehabilitation from an inflamed groin which has seen him out since the fa cup win at manchester united last month . 