shocking footage of a vagrant christian family band attacking police officers in a walmart parking lot has been released . the video taken from a patrol car dashcam captures the ' end of days ' group brawling with cops in cottonwood , arizona , on march 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight . the gaver family had allegedly been camping outside the store for a few days when they had the confrontation with police . enoch gaver , 21 , was killed in the fight and suspect david gaver , 28 , was shot in the stomach and taken into custody . scroll down for video . violent : the video captures the ' end of days ' band brawling with cops in cottonwood , arizona , on march 21 just moments before a a deadly gunfight . chaos : during the footage , you can hear one of the officers saying they needed to ' separate these folks ' and talk to them . ten-year cottonwood police veteran sgt jeremy daniels was also shot and hospitalized , but has since been released . during the footage , you can hear one of the officers saying they needed to ' separate these folks ' and talk to them . but one of the group says : ' no , you are not going to separate me from my parents , ' followed by , ' do n't touch me . ' the officer is then put into a headlock and pulled to the ground as the confrontation gets more violent . a walmart employee is also seen trying to aid police and throws a punch in a bid to subdue the band members . assistance : a walmart employee ( right with nis arms outstretched ) is also seen trying to aid police and throws a punch in a bid to subdue the band members . brawl : some fall to the ground during the fight , but immediately get back up . during the confrontation gunshots are heard . eric garver , 21 , was killed and cottonwood police sgt jeremy daniels , 31 was shot . musical team : the gavers were part of a band called matthew 24 now , which sometimes played outside a grocery store in boise , idaho . above , a picture of the band from their facebook page . matthew 24 is a bible verse dealing with the end of times . fatal : one member of the gaver family was killed in the shootout , now identified as enoch gaver . when police arrived on the scene , the gavers ' immediately ' started attacking , according to the arizona dps . according to facebook , the family is part of a band called ' matthew 24 now ' ( they are also go by ' busking in the son ' back in idaho ) . the name refers to a biblical passage dealing with the end of times . the remaining members of the gaver family have been jailed , including an 11-year-old and 15-year-old who were sent to a juvenile detention facility . on duty : cottonwood police sgt jeremy daniels , 31 ( pictured ) , was shot in the leg during the attack but is expected to make a full recovery . one of the suspects , david gaver , was shot in the abdomen but has since been released from hospital . the arizona department of public safety , who are investigating the shooting , said it was sparked when a few members of the gaver family went into the walmart to use the bathroom , and one of the store employees followed them into the restroom . at least one member of the gaver family shoved the female employee , which led to the store calling 911 . when police arrived on the scene to investigate the incident , they found the gavers in the parking lot where they had been living out of a large suv for the past few days . when police arrived on the scene to investigate the incident , they found the gavers in the parking lot where they had been living out of a large suv for the past few days . dps spokesman bart graves says when the police arrived , the gavers ' immediately ' started attacking , according to az central . witness louie solano told kpho that the fight ' looked like a riot in the middle of the parking lot ' . ' lots of screams . just screeching noise , like unreal , unreal , ' solano said . ' during the course of the fight , we believe there was a struggle for the officer 's gun , ' graves said . that 's when three shots were fired , though it 's not clear who had the gun at that point . sgt daniels was shot in the leg , while david gaver was hit in the abdomen . a walmart employee who came to the aid of police suffered a sprained arm and cuts in the fight . other officers were treated for lacerations , bruises and a twisted ankle . behind bars : the suspects who engaged in a shootout with police in a cottonwood , arizona walmart parking lot on saturday have been identified as eight members of a idaho family band . above , two of the suspects , currently jailed : jeremiah gaver , 28 ( left ) , and nathaniel gaver , 27 ( right ) . fighting cops : police say the shootout was sparked by one of the gavers pushing a walmart store employee while trying to use the building 's restroom . above , suspects ruth and peter gaver , 52 and 55 .   