a four-year-old boy got trapped in an arcade game after climbing in to the ' claw ' machine when he failed to win a teddy . henry howes narrowly failed to pick up a despicable me toy as he played the notoriously difficult claw game at his local swimming pool in tamworth , staffordshire . desperate to get to his hands on the teddy , he put his hand inside the machine 's hatch - but when he reached too far , he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside . scroll down for video . trapped : henry howes got stuck inside an arcade game at the snowdome in tamworth , staffordshire . grumpy : but the four-year-old was unhurt after spending half an hour trapped in the machine . luckily , his nine-year-old brother harvey witnessed the accident , so was able to run and call their mother emma . she alerted staff at the snowdome leisure centre , but henry was trapped for half an hour as workers looked for the key to the machine . mrs howes , 33 , said : ' he asked if he could have a go on the teddy machine so i gave him £1 and told him to go with his big brother . ' off they went round the corner and then his brother came back and said , `` henry is stuck in the machine . '' i assumed he meant his hand - i did n't think he 'd be inside the machine . he was completely inside it ! ' he had picked the teddy up with the claw and it had dropped with the teddy 's leg hanging over the edge . struggle : it took workers half an hour to free henry as they searched for the keys to the machine . free at last : henry eventually made his way out of the machine - and got to keep the cuddly toy . ' he opened up the hatch and reached up to get it and when his bottom got under the hatch door it just flipped down . it came down on him . ' she added : ' i do n't know how he managed to get in there . he 's only four but he 's a tall lad . ' i was laughing my head off . i could see that he was fine and he was n't upset . ' i had to go to the reception and tell them my son was stuck in the machine . they could n't believe it either . he was in there for a good half an hour . ' henry had previously gone for a swimming lesson with harvey , and was waiting for his sister scarlett , seven , to finish her class when he got stuck in the machine . relief : henry 's mother emma said she could tell that the young boy was unhurt while in the machine . venue : henry had just finished a swimming lesson at the snowdome in tamworth , pictured . as staff hunted for the keys , mrs howes tried to encourage henry to open the machine from the inside , but he refused because he did n't want to release the teddy from his grasp . ' they tried to take one side off but they could n't find the keys , ' she said . ' we were asking him to reach up and get at the screws but he would n't let go of the teddy . eventually they managed to get the other side open . ' i said to the lady , `` i hope you 'll let him have it , '' and they did . he has n't let go of it since . he went to bed with it that night . ' mrs howes , who lives in tamworth with husband don , added : ' when i showed his dad he laughed too . he said it was the kind of thing he would have done when he was young . ' henry is very adventurous . i 'm worried he 's going to do it again to get another toy because it really did n't bother him . he 's quite pleased . '