horrifying images of a baby elephant tied to a pole and forced to perform tricks has sparked a push to have it freed , just weeks after one of the endangered animals was ridden by drunken tourists around a swimming pool . the campaign was kicked off by jaime singleton , who saw the baby elephant , nadia , tied to a pole outside a restaurant at marina phuket resort in december last year . the change.org petition , titled ' please release nadia the baby elephant to a sanctuary immediately and let her live the life she deserves ! ' , has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago . the target is 75,000 . scroll down for video . baby elephant , nadia , seen in a picture posted to marina phuket resort 's facebook page , is a ' mascot ' for the resort and is forced to do tricks for guests . ms singleton said nadia is also used by another company in thailand in weddings . another holiday resort in thailand has come under fire after it posted a picture online of drunken guests riding an elephant around its swimming pool . ' it 's absolutely barbaric , ' ms singleton told daily mail australia . ' they use bull-hooks and chains on the animals , and handlers sneakily have nails in their hands they hit the elephants with to make they move around the resorts . it 's terrifying . ' ms singleton said she has been told by sanctuaries and animal rights workers in the area that the resorts do n't own the elephants themselves , and they instead rely on private contractors who ' rent ' the animals out to different places . the elephants are bought at a very young age by these groups , so that they can be ' trained ' for the job and are often forced to live in appalling conditions . the elephants are also put through a breaking in process called ' phajaan ' that uses cruel behaviour and negative reinforcement to break its spirit . jaime singleton launched the online campaign after she saw nadia tied up outside a restaurant ( pictured ) at the resort . elephants are forced to pose for pictures and be ridden by guests at the resort , and others across thailand . ' they use bull-hooks and chains on the animals , and handlers sneakily have nails in their hands they hit the elephants with to make they move around the resorts . it 's terrifying ' . nikki beach resort in phuket published the picture along with a caption that stated it was ' amazing sunday brunch ' . ms singleton said nadia is rumoured to be kept in a tiny enclosure , and does not have any interaction with other elephants . she also said a elephant sanctuary has committed to taking nadia in if she was released , which would allow the elephant to ' live the life she deserves , surrounded by other elephants , and in the care of those who will love and cherish her . ' ms singleton said she had repeatedly tried to contact the resort since earlier this year , but she it had not replied to any of her calls or emails . ms singleton said she has been told by sanctuaries and animal rights workers in the area that the resorts do n't own the elephants themselves , and they instead rely on private contractors who ' rent ' the animals out . world animal protection 's dr jan schmidt-burbach said this sort of behaviour is a ' far cry from their natural lives in the wild ' . ' when you look behind the scenes , holiday snaps like these support an industry that relies on animal cruelty , ' dr schmidt-burbach said . animal rights activists slammed the way resorts treat animals , and said tourists should not take part in the behaviour . ' this sordid side of tourism is conveniently hidden from public view . ' earlier this year , tripadvisor posted a blog criticising beyoncé after the superstar was snapped riding an elephant while on vacation . ' hi @ beyonce ! we do n't want to ruin your vacay , but elephant rides are not fun for elephants , ' the company tweeted . ' hi @ beyonce ! we do n't want to ruin your vacay , but elephant rides are not fun for elephants , ' tripadvisor tweeted . ' people often think that an elephant in captivity is domesticated , and so somehow it 's ok to have them under human command , ' the company wrote . ' but the reality is that [ elephants ] never have been domesticated like dogs or horses . even if born in captivity , they are still a wild animal , and need to be `` broken '' to accept human control . ' there is much evidence that this process is exceptionally cruel . ' world animal protection 's dr jan schmidt-burbach said this sort of behaviour is a ' far cry from their natural lives in the wild ' . ' when you look behind the scenes , holiday snaps like these support an industry that relies on animal cruelty , ' dr schmidt-burbach said . one sanctuary in the area has said it would be willing to take nadia in , if it 's owners freed her . the petition comes after another resort in the island holiday haven was criticised last month for allowing tourists to party with a baby elephant . a holiday resort in thailand has come under fire after it posted a picture online of drunken guests riding a baby elephant around its swimming pool . the picture , which drew widespread criticism immediately after it was posted , was accompanied by a caption that stated it was ' amazing sunday brunch ' . the resort is located about 30 minutes away from the tourist hot-spot of patong . nikki beach resort in phuket was flooded with complaints over the photo , reports the daily telegraph . people were enraged such a young elephant had been brought onto the property so that guests could ride it for fun , and that guests were more than willing to take part . the resort quickly deleted the photo , and released a statement to address the controversy . ' we would like to make it clear that we do not , have not and will never own an elephant , ' the statement read . ' the elephant in the photo is from a reputable elephant caretaker who has no affiliation with nikki beach . ' we would like to make it clear that we do not , have not and will never own an elephant , ' a statement from the resort read . ' elephants are a highly respected and regarded symbol of thailand . as a global company , nikki beach respects every country 's culture and traditions and as such , we fall into the normal behaviors in usage of elephants to represent their culture . ' we never intended to be disrespectful . ' the statement did little to calm the stampeding herd of online protesters , and the anger spilled onto the resort 's tripadvisor page . however , tripadvisor deleted negative reviews based on the elephant incident . to sign the petition to have nadia released , click here .