hulk hogan 's ex-wife has listed her simi valley mansion in california for sale at $ 5.5million . linda hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $ 3.5 million a year after she divorced the wwe hall of famer in 2009 . called villa di montagna , the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated wood ranch golf & country club community . scroll down for video . hulk hogan 's ex-wife linda has listed her simi valley mansion in california for sale at $ 5.5million . the property includes an award-winning swimming pool , complete with fountains , a waterfall and slide . linda hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $ 3.5 million a year after she divorced the wwe hall of famer in 2009 . it enjoys stunning 360-degree views of the golf course , surrounding mountains and the valley , reports the tampa bay tribune . after buying the property , linda threw herself into remodeling the 6,300 sq ft house by adding stone walls , stone fireplaces , carved wood details and coffered ceilings . built in 2005 , the tuscan-style mansion has five bedrooms and 5.5 baths . after buying the property , linda threw herself into remodeling the 6,300 sq ft house , which has five bedrooms and 5.5 bathrooms . linda added stone walls , stone fireplaces , carved wood details and coffered ceilings to the tuscan-style mansion . one of the intricate bathrooms in the property , which was built in 2005 . visitors enter the villa through a turret-shaped foyer that features an antique chandelier , while french doors open to a high-ceiling dining room and a courtyard . the master bedroom suite features a large balcony . a 1,200 sq ft guesthouse in the orchards has a full kitchen , a loft-style bedroom , a bathroom and a family room with the floor-to-ceiling stone fireplace . there is also an award-winning swimming pool , complete with fountains , waterfalls and a water slide . the estate 's master bedroom suite , which features a large balcony overlooking the sprawling property . another bedroom in the house , styled in a red and white color scheme . the estate also includes an avocado orchard with 2,500 trees , a turret gym , a john deere tractor , producing vineyards , plus a six-car detached garage and a helicopter landing area . there is also a one acre private lake with nature reserve . the lake is stocked with koi , catfish and turtles . ' be king or queen of the hill at the spectacular linda hogan private gated celebrity compound at wood ranch in simi valley , ' reads the description on zillow . french doors open to a high-ceiling dining room and a courtyard in the estate . a balcony on the estate features a stunning view of simi valley , tucked away 30 miles from downtown los angeles . hogan , 55 , co-starred on the family reality show hogan knows best and appeared on the spin-off show brooke knows best , which followed her daughter . hogan , 55 , co-starred on the family reality show hogan knows best ( 2005-07 ) and appeared on the spin-off show brooke knows best ( 2008-09 ) , which followed her daughter . linda and hulk hogan were together for 25 years before their divorce in 2009 . in late 2011 , court papers revealed that she acquired more than 70 per cent of their liquid assets , plus a 40 percent ownership stake in his companies . after their divorce , hulk hogan , whose given name is terry bollea , sold the belleair mansion he received in the settlement for $ 6.2million . linda and hulk hogan were together for 25 years before their divorce in 2009.in late 2011 , court papers revealed that she acquired more than 70 per cent of their liquid assets , plus a 40 percent ownership stake in his companies . the mansion 's courtyard . the property also features an avocado orchard with 2,500 trees , a turret gym , a john deere tractor , producing vineyards , plus a six-car detached garage and a helicopter landing area . the estate encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated wood ranch golf & country club community . 