accused : patrick fredricksen , 30 , in a police photo . a known child sex offender has been arrested on suspicion of stealing a school bus and driving it around to pick up youngsters . patrick james fredricksen , 30 - who has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter - was stopped on his way to one child 's home in eastern utah , police say . he had already used the bus 's on-board list of children 's names and addresses to try and abduct a young girl , they added . fredricksen has now been booked into emery county jail for investigation of theft of a vehicle and attempted child kidnapping . he is also expected to face a charge of damaging a prison after breaking a sprinkler pipe inside his cell and flooding the booking area , said sheriff spokeswoman janalee luke . fredricksen 's crime spree is alleged to have started while he was laying turf for a landscaping firm at a baseball complex in huntington on monday . an employee at the site phoned the local sheriff 's office to report a worker ' was acting strange ' and had left on foot with a set of master keys to the complex . shortly afterwards , a nearby funeral-parlor worker reported that his car had been stolen from the company car park . audacious : fredricksen is said to have taken an american school bus and driven it to youngsters ' homes . he told police he had noticed a ' suspicious ' person around the building ' but was talking to a bereaved family at the time so ' was n't too concerned ' , according to the sheriff 's office . they claim fredricksen was the thief and that he drove the car to an empty school bus , which had its keys inside . ' after stealing the bus and using a list he found in the bus containing names and directions [ to children 's houses ] , fredricksen attempted to pick one child up at her home and was asking directions to a second child 's home , ' said the sheriff 's office . he had been foiled in his first attempt to a child after parking the bus on the family 's driveway , according to ksl news . the girl 's father got to the vehicle first and would not let her board after quizzing the driver . fredricksen was eventually stopped by a sheriff 's lieutenant following a report of a suspicious person driving a school bus in the cleveland area of emery county . the lieutenant said he halted the slow-moving vehicle by pulling in front of it . the empty school bus , thought to be identical to the ones seen here in utah , reportedly had its keys inside . fredricksen , who has also used the names pat shelton and patrick fredrickson , is on utah 's sex offender registry after pleading guilty in 2004 to unlawful sexual activity with a minor . court records show he was separately charged in 2005 with sexual exploitation of a minor and dealing in material harmful to a minor but the case was dismissed as part of an apparent plea bargain that resolved another case against him . the following year , fredricksen was living in salt lake county when he pleaded guilty to impersonating a fireman . he had previously worked as a volunteer firefighter for the huntington fire department but was dismissed in 2003 for stealing clothing and equipment . after his dismissal , he pinned on a stolen badge and lent a hand at emergencies , the court was told . he discovered where the real firefighters were working by listening to a police scanner . he also stole firefighting equipment and used his fake status to rent an apartment and get credit , according to newspaper reports from the time . he was sentenced to 36 months of probation and ordered to have counselling .