the emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of ferguson , missouri were released on thursday . seven in particular are remarkably racist , including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer richard henke says of president barack obama ; ' what black man holds a steady job for four years . ' in the other emails president obama is labelled a monkey , welfare recipients are described as ' lazy ' and unable to speak english before being compared to dogs and black individuals are first lady michelle obama is called a tribeswoman . scroll down for videos . the emails ( above ) that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of ferguson , missouri were released on thursday . police captain richard henke ( left ) and city cleark mary ann twitty ( right ) were fired after exchanging racist emails . former police sergeant william mudd ( above ) said he was getting his dogs welfare in one email as they are ' mixed in color , unemployed , lazy , ca n't speak english , and have no frigging clues who their daddies are ' . one email , sent by city clerk mary ann twitty to captain henke and former police sergeant william mudd , and obtained by the washington post , shows president ronald reagan holding a monkey and feeding it a bottle . the caption underneath reads ; ' rare photo of ronald reagan babysitting barack obama in early 1962 . ' twitty wrote at the top of that email ; ' some of these emails just touch me more than others . ' all three were removed from their jobs after the emails were discovered . another email sent by twitty , this one to unknown recipients , is a story about a man having his daughter deliver his final child support check to her mother called ' leroy 's last child support payment . ' last week i went to sign my dogs up for welfare . at first the lady said , ' dogs are not elgible to draw welfare . ' so i explained to her that my dogs are mixed in color , unemployed , lazy , ca n't speak english , and have no frigging clues who their daddies are . they expect me to feed them , provide them with housing and medical care . so she looked in her policy book to see what it takes to qualify . my dogs get their first checks friday . damn , this is a great country ! ! ' i be anxious to hear what she say , and bout the ' spression on her face , ' says the father . when she returns , he asks his daughter ; ' now what yo momma say about that ? ' the girl replies , ' she say to tell you that `` you ai n't my daddy '' and what the ' spression on your face . ' there is then a photo of a black man who is missing almost all of his teeth screaming ' lawd a mercy ! ! ! ! ! ' what 's more , at the bottom it says ; ' a smile is contagious , pass it around . ' twitty also sent an email that showed a group of tribespeople in costumes dancing with the subject line ' simply beautiful , ' and wrote ; ' michelle obama 's high school reunion . ' twitty is also responsible for sending an email called ' insensitive one liners , ' saying ; ' this is pretty funny stuff . ' to the question ' are there too many immigrants in britain ? ' the email says that 72 % responded ; ' i am not understanding the question please . ' another says a man converted to islam so he could stone his wife to death after she cheated , and there are numerous references to pedophilia and sex with underage girls . ' went to the pub with my girlfriend last night . locals were shouting `` pedophile ! '' and other names at me just because my girlfriend is 21 and i 'm 50 , ' says the email at one point . ' it completely spoiled our 10th anniversary . an email sent by mudd to twitty and then forwarded on by twitty to unknown recipients is about a black woman getting an abortion in new orleans . ' two weeks later she received a check for $ 5,000 , ' reads the email . ' she phoned the hospital to ask who it was from . ' it then closes by saying ; ' the hospital said , ' crimestoppers , '' ' in another , mudd writes to twitter about getting his dogs on welfare as they ' are mixed in color , unemployed , lazy , ca n't speak english , and have no frigging clues who their daddies are . ' he adds ; ' they expect me to feed them , provide them with housing and medical care . ' mudd then says at this point the worker went to see if his dogs qualified for welfare . ' my dogs get their first checks friday , ' he wrote after that . ' damn , this is a great country ! ! ! ! ' the only email sent by captain henke meanwhile was the aforementioned one about president obama . president obama ( above ) has not commented yet on the emails released on thursday . analysis of more than 35,000 pages of police records in ferguson last month found racist comments from officers as well as statistics that showed african-americans make up 93 percent of arrests while accounting for only 67 percent of the population in ferguson , an unnamed department official said . a black woman in new orleans was admitted into the hospital [ for ] pregnancy termination . two weeks later she received a check for $ 5,000 . she phoned the hospital to ask who it was from . the hospital said , ‘crimestoppers . ’ the department of justice report also found that 88 per cent of people against whom police used excessive force were black . according to figures recorded between 2012 and 2014 , blacks were also twice as likely to be searched than whites during traffic stops , though contraband showed up more during searches of white drivers . what 's more , charges for minor violations such as ' manner of walking in roadway ' disproportionately affected black residents and were used ' not as a public service , but as a tool for raising revenue . ' nationwide protests of police actions that resulted in deaths of african americans in ferguson , new york and cleveland laid bare racial tensions and what president barack obama called ' simmering distrust ' between police and communities . black offenders are also less likely to have their cases dismissed by a municipal judge and they are more likely to be taken into custody on outstanding warrants during traffic stops , compared to their white counterparts . the justice department plans to use the findings to negotiate policy changes with ferguson officials and enter a consent decree , or to sue the city to force change . previous federal investigations into police departments have resulted in such changes as reporting arrest data to the justice department and installing federal monitors to oversee operations . the report 's findings vindicate critics who have cited a pattern of abuse in ferguson . but they are unlikely to restore full trust in the ferguson police by citizens who were angered when a grand jury decided not to indict michael brown 's killer , officer darren wilson . after a separate investigation , the justice department decided not to pursue federal charges against darren wilson , who has said he acted in self-defense . ' what it shows is that a culture existed and was allowed to fester in ferguson municipal government and ferguson police department . what we have seen so far is a few voluntary resignations but not a full acceptance of responsibility for that culture that has been allowed to exist in that municipal government , ' st. louis official antonio french said of the emails . ' even after the doj report . . . there is still a lot of work to be done and it still remains to be seen whether the people who remain in power will be the ones to make the change . ' 