the transportation security administration will ' enhance ' officer training for hair pat-downs after complaints that african-american women were being racially targeted for unnecessary screenings . new training will commence at los angeles international airport , one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the american civil liberties union . the complaint was filed on behalf of malaika singleton , who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from los angeles to london in december 2013 . the transportation security administration will ' enhance ' officer training for hair pat-downs after complaints that african-american women were being racially targeted for unnecessary screenings ( file photo ) . according to an aclu statement , tsa agents grabbed singleton 's hair , which was styled in tightly-wound ' sisterlocks , ' and proceeded to ' squeeze it from top to bottom ' at lax airport . singleton 's hair was patted down again two weeks later during a layover at minneapolis international airport and , once again , nothing was found . new training will commence at los angeles international airport , one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the american civil liberties union . ' the humiliating experience on countless black women who are routinely targeted for hair pat-downs because their hair is `` different '' is not only wrong , but also a great misuse of tsa agents ' time and resources , ' novella coleman , singleton 's aclu attorney , said in a statement . in a letter sent to coleman , the tsa said the re-training will stress ' race neutrality ' , and that a special emphasis will be placed on the ' hair patdowns of african-american female travelers ' . tsa said the administration will also track of pat-down complaints filed by african-american women throughout the country to ' assess whether a discriminatory impact may be occurring at a specific ' airport , according to the letter posted by buzzfeed . this is not the first time tsa 's pat-down policy has come under harsh light . solange knowles claimed in 2012 she was racially profiled while going through security at miami airport , dubbing it 'discrim-fro-nation ' because she wears her hair in the afro style . ' my hair is not a storage drawer , ' she tweeted . an agency spokesman later told cnn that the ' advanced imaging technology machine ' only shows ' an outline of an individual ' that was ' the same for every single person ' . ' if the hair area is highlighted , the machine may have picked up an anomaly or a possible threat in the head area ' , such as bobby pins , hair and extension clips , or head wraps . solange knowles claimed in 2012 she was racially profiled while going through security at miami airport , dubbing it 'discrim-fro-nation ' because she wears her hair in the afro style . but aclu said it was these kinds of ' subjective rules ' that made the agency more susceptible to ' unconsciously interpret the circumstances in a way that is consistent with racial stereotypes ' . in a statement released friday , the tsa said they do not tolerate racial profiling , according to the hill . ' not only is racial profiling prohibited under dhs and agency policy , but it is also an ineffective security tactic . ' coleman told the huffington post she will be looking for ' clear and objective guidelines ' from the tsa when she attends the lax training later this month . 