breathtaking scenery , beautiful castles and that signature scottish hospitality . these are just some of the reasons that scotland has recently been named the most popular wedding destination in the uk , according to a survey by the country 's tourist board . and as local tennis hero , andy murray , prepares to marry his sweetheart kim sears in dunblane on saturday , interest in the country is at an all time high . the tennis star will wed kim sears in his hometown of dunblane , north of stirling , on april 11 . visitscotland promotes country as the ideal wedding destination , in light of andy murray 's upcoming nuptuals . in fact , last year , a quarter ( 24 per cent ) of all marriages in scotland involved couples from outside of the country . and the allure of the picturesque countryside and unusual scottish wedding traditions has also had a serious economic impact on the region , with the wedding tourism industry bringing in £80 million last year alone . a recent survey has found that scotland held 5.54 marriages per 1,000 - making it the most popular part of the uk in which to tie the knot . southwest england was a close second however , boasting 5.40 per 1,000 . the pair will tie the knot at the dunblane cathedral , a beautiful medieval church in central scotland . however , the most popular wedding destination in the country is the council area of dumfries and galloway . gretna green , dumfries and galloway . the council area of dumfries and galloway , in the southwest of the country , was the most popular , thanks in large part to gretna green . the village , historically one of the first in scotland , is famous for its runaway weddings , which began in 1754 during the time of lord hardwicke 's marriage act . such popularity can be attributed in large part to gretna green , a town famous for its ' runaway weddings ' . today , it remains one of the world 's most popular wedding destinations , playing host to 5,000 weddings each year . and it 's popular among scots as well , with one in six opting to get hitched in the romantic locale . argyll and bute is the second most popular area for weddings in scotland and is home to barcaldine castle . argyll and bute . another popular wedding destination , argyll and bute is home to 11.21 marriages per 1,000 in scotland . not only is the area known for its stunning scenery , but it 's also conveniently located less than two hours north of glasgow . with plenty of stunning castles littering the countryside , couples are undoubtedly spoiled for choice when it comes to picking a venue , with barcaldine castle a popular option . on the coast of the firth of clyde , the culzean castle in south ayrshire is a beloved wedding site . south ayrshire . slightly further north than dumfries and galloway , on the coast of the firth of clyde , is the beautiful south ayrshire council . rich in historical significance , the area is also known to be the birthplace of robert burns - and couples even have the option to get married at the scot 's birthplace museum . other popular venues include the opulent culzean castle , the gorgeous crumbling ruins of the dundonald castle , and the sprawling grounds of the enterkine house hotel . a-listers have long favoured scotland for the big day , with jennifer connelly marrying in east lothian in 2003 . 1 . dumfries and galloway . 2 . argyll and bute . 3 . south ayrshire . 4 . perth and kinross . 5 . highland . 6 . stirling . 7 . edinburgh . 8 . east lothian . 9 . north ayrshire . 10 . scottish borders . according to a visitscotland report , those who choose scotland for their wedding usually fall into one of four groups : those with scottish roots ; those who want to get away from it all ; those with a university or childhood connection to the area ; and those inspired by the romance and celebrity appeal of scotland , such as andy murray selecting the country for his high-profile affair . and the tennis star is keeping good celebrity company . other a-listers who have opted to marry in scotland include madonna and guy ritchie , who wed at the skibo castle in 2000 . actress jennifer connelly married paul bettany at gilmerton house in east lothian , scotland , in 2003 . and daughter of paul mccartney and fashion designer to the stars , stella mccartney , opted to tie the knot at mount stuart in the summer of the same year . fashion designer stella mccartney wed at mount stuart on the isle of bute in scotland in summer 2003 . tourist weddings in scotland tend to be a bit more expensive than those in other parts of the uk , although the average number of guests is generally smaller . couples tend to stay in scotland for six nights around their wedding date and make several weekend trips in advance of the big day to make arrangements . ' put simply , scotland is one of the most beautiful places in the world in which to get married , ' explained mike cantlay , chairman of visitscotland . ' from the splendour and magnificence of our castles and historic homes , to the wild romantic nature of our lochs , mountains , islands and coastlines , there is a uniqueness and magic to having your big day on scottish soil . ' 