professor stephen hawking : world-renowned physicist , best-selling author - and now he 's shown off his musical talents as well . one of the world 's greatest scientists has covered monty python 's classic galaxy song , taking listeners on a journey out of the milky way . the author of a brief history of time can be seen in the music video whizzing through space in his wheelchair , while the footage is interspersed with scenes of the monty python live shows . scroll down for video . british physicist stephen hawking has sung monty python 's galaxy song ( clip from the video shown ) . the song is being released digitally and on vinyl for record store day 2015 . it is a cover of the song from 1983 film monty python 's meaning of life . professor hawking , 73 , appeared on film alongside professor brian cox . professor hawking can be heard singing the show 's famous song , which is being released digitally this week , and available on vinyl this weekend as part of record store day 2015 . in the video , professor hawking ‘ runs over’ professor brian cox before taking to the sky and making his trip through the universe . the video is interspersed with clips of monty python 's recent live shows . it is a recreation of the song from the 1983 film monty python 's the meaning of life , when eric idle originally took viewers on a journey through the cosmos . interestingly , much of the science in the song is right - or at least , fairly accurate , with a few exceptions for artistic reasons . for example , the lyrics state that earth is ‘ revolving at nine hundred miles an hour . ’ measured in nautical miles , this is true , but the current estimate near the equator is actually 1,040mph ( 1,670km/h ) . it is also stated that ‘ the sun is the source of all our power , ’ which fails to consider that geothermal energy and the moon both also play a part in our planet’s life . our galaxy is correctly said to have a hundred billion stars , though , while its size - a hundred thousand light-years across - is correctly stated . towards the end of the song , the speed of light is said to be 12 million miles per minute - which is pretty close to the actual figure of 11.16 million miles . whenever life gets you down , mrs. brown . and things seem hard or tough . and people are stupid , obnoxious or daft . and you feel that you 've had quite enough .  just remember that you 're standing on a planet that 's evolving . and revolving at nine hundred miles an hour . that 's orbiting at nineteen miles a second , so it 's reckoned . a sun that is the source of all our power .  the sun and you and me and all the stars that we can see . are moving at a million miles a day . in an outer spiral arm , at forty thousand miles an hour . of the galaxy we call the ' milky way ' .  our galaxy itself contains a hundred billion stars . it 's a hundred thousand light years side to side . it bulges in the middle , sixteen thousand light years thick . but out by us , it 's just three thousand light years wide .  we 're thirty thousand light years from galactic central point . we go ' round every two hundred million years . and our galaxy is only one of millions of billions . in this amazing and expanding universe .  the universe itself keeps on expanding and expanding . in all of the directions it can whizz . as fast as it can go , the speed of light , you know . twelve million miles a minute and that 's the fastest speed there is .  so remember , when you 're feeling very small and insecure . how amazingly unlikely is your birth . and pray that there 's intelligent life somewhere up in space . 'cause there 's bugger all down here on earth . pictured here are eric idle ( left ) , stephen hawking ( centre ) and brian cox . professor stephen hawking can be heard singing the show 's famous galaxy song , released digitally this week , and available on vinyl this weekend as part of record store day 2015 . the monty python group recently embarked on a tour of live shows . from left to right are michael palin , terry gilliam , eric idle , john cleese and terry jones . one of the cult comedy act 's members , eric idle , tweeted to let people know the record is available . he wrote : ' stephen hawking sings monty python . the galaxy song digital download & video has now been released . the limited edition 7 '' vinyls will be on sale on saturday 18th april in uk and us as part of record store day 2015 . ' a novelty online game has also been released in which players are invited to ' destroy all monty python asteroids before they collide with stephen hawking ' . professor hawking , 73 , appeared on film alongside professor brian cox as part of the live shows featuring john cleese , michael palin , terry gilliam , terry jones and idle last year as the group performed together for the first time in decades at london 's o2 arena . the world-famous theoretical physicist , who was diagnosed with als shortly after his 21st birthday , showed his comedy credentials earlier this year when he took part in a comic relief sketch alongside david walliams in the grounds of cambridge university . watch the original galaxy song below .