a woman who was kidnapped at knife-point by her ex-boyfriend has been found by police after she made contact with a family member . billy-anne huxham , 18 , from caboolture , queensland , was found at 9.45pm at aerodrome road in maroochydore , on queensland 's sunshine coast , after police found the nissan suv that was used in her abduction earlier that day . ms huxham 's ex partner carl garry chapman , 32 , has been detained and charged with a string of offences including assault , torture and deprivation of liberty . scroll down for video . found : abducted teen billy-anne huxton was located by police on thursday night after she made contact with a family member . her ex partner carl garry chapman has been charged with unlawful use of a motor vehicle , entering dwelling with intent , assault occasioning bodily harm , torture , deprivation of liberty , dangerous conduct with a weapon , possession of a weapon , evading police , unlicensed driving and breach of bail . the 32-year-old was out on bail charges at the time of the abduction where he used a firearm to subdue the victim . while chapman was holed up in a friends home ms huxham allegedly escaped her captor and fled to a local restaurant where she called her parents who then contacted police , the courier-mail reports . the man is due to appear in the maroochydore magistrates court saturday morning . police located the silver 2014 mitsubishi outlander the teen was forced into early on tuesday morning . the vehicle was found abandoned on kift st in kallangar at around 11.15am thursday morning . this news came as ms huxham 's facebook page was inundated with posts by friends concerned with her welfare . a worried friend wrote : ' ca n't believe what i 'm hearing and seeing ' . ' i know you 're a staunch b**** and would put up a fight no matter what but my girl please just come back home safely . ' after hearing of ms huxham 's abduction her friends took to facebook to beg her to turn her life around and ' stay away from those type of people ' . ms huxham 's facebook account was made private shortly after the abduction . another said : ' time to pull your head in woman get out of that… scene ! get home safely ' . ms huxham , who also goes by the name of billy-anne kunst , made a post to her facebook page just 20 minutes before she was reportedly abducted . it reads : ' well good morning f*****s ; today looks like its fine form yeeeeeow do n't be getting lippy unless yas wan na have crack 4510 , mwa xo ' . shocked neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before ms huxham was abducted from her home . relatives of ms huxham , 18 , told officers she was forced into a car at gunpoint outside a caboolture home , just north of brisbane , at around 6am . shocked neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before ms huxham was abducted from her home by a man who reportedly attacked her with a machete . the abandoned vehicle was found on kift st in kallangar at around 11.15am thursday morning . ms huxton posted to facebook only 20 minutes before she was allegedly assaulted with a machete and taken by her ex partner - ' well good morning f*****s ; today looks like its fine form yeeeeeow do n't be getting lippy unless yas wan na have crack 4510 , mwa xo ' . a neighbour , who did n't want to be identified , said she heard screaming before the mitsubishi took off down the street . ' i did n't really think much of it because that sort of thing is n't uncommon for that house , ' she said . it was initially claimed that ms huxham sustained wounds to her leg and bruising to her face as a result of the violent ambush . 18-year-old billy-anne huxham was reportedly woken up , attacked with a machete and taken from her home . following the abduction , the perpetrator broke into another home in caboolture and threatened the residents with a gun , believed to be shotgun or rifle . a police chase on the bruce highway was unsuccessful after mr chapman and ms huxham were spotted driving on anzac avenue at 11.30am - five hours after the abduction .