a five-year-old iranian girl who has spent more than a year in australia 's offshore nauru detention centre has been prescribed anti-depressants , has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder , her lawyer says . she is now living in fear of being returned from a holding centre in darwin to troubled nauru for years while her family 's asylum claim is processed , lawyer john lawrence said . the girl 's father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing form the military police in iran . the visa can take up to three years to process according to the department of immigration . mr lawrence told daily mail australia : ' the prospect of that little girl remaining in any type of detention is horrific ; she might not still be alive . ' a five-year-old iranian girl is living in fear of being returned to nauru detention centre . ' the medical reports tell me there have been reported incidences of her self-harming ... swallowing shampoo and swallowing nails . ' he also told the abc he was concerned about the possibility of abuse at nauru . ' i have medical material relating to this five-year-old girl , which informs me that she is displaying inappropriate sexualised behaviour , as a consequence of experiences that she has either seen or experienced directly or indirectly , on nauru , ' he said . mr lawrence told daily mail australia he met with the girl in detention in darwin on sunday and said it is the most heartbreaking case he has ever worked on . ' in over 20 years as a criminal barrister i can not explain how obscene it is to go on a prison visit to a client across the desk when the client is a five-year-old little girl . ' in the interview with the wee girl on sunday , i just swooned and thought this is completely beyond the pale and i know she 's been a prisoner for over a year in the sh*t pit that is nauru . ' ' i guess like all children she is strong , resilient and lovely , however when you ask her to write her name and she writes her detention number not her name and you ask her to draw her picture and she draws a stick person with a stitched up mouth , you realise how wrong it is for a five-year-old old to be in jail and of course her medical results completely confirm that , ' he said . the girl wrote her boat number when asked to write her name , and when asked to draw a picture of life on nauru drew an image of a person with their lips sewn shut . mr lawrence said doctors and psychologists have recommended that she be released and that she should n't be returned to nauru because of her post-traumatic stress disorder and anxiety disorder . ' the government have got a child who has been damaged in their detention facility and they know she 's been damaged in their facility , she 's psychologically seriously damaged and should n't be returned to nauru . ' mr lawrence said the girl 's mother had suffered episodes of depression as well as attempting self-harm . mr lawrence will lodge an injunction in the federal court against the department in an attempt to block the family 's return to nauru . a department spokesperson said all detainees had access to health care ' at a standard generally comparable ' to that available to the australian community . but the department would not comment on an individual 's medical issues or transfer arrangements . ' persons brought to australia from a regional processing centre for medical reasons are clearly informed and clearly know that they will be returned ... to continue their refugee assessment and processing , ' the spokesperson said . a former building at nauru detention centre in nauru pictured in 2012 . lawyers are fighting to stop the girl being sent back to the island . last week the united nations children 's fund says australia is violating the rights of children being sent from nauru to cambodia under the refugee transfer agreement . unicef has joined a chorus of international agencies in raising concerns over the $ a40 million refugee resettlement pact with cambodia , with the first of the refugees expected to be flown out from nauru this week . unicef has warned that no government policy or action should knowingly put children 's lives or their well being at increased risk . a unicef spokesman , chris de bono , said australia and cambodia needed to be aware of their international obligation under the convention to protect children . ' the world has an expectation that as signatories to the convention on the rights of the child , whatever action they take , they will have given due consideration to its impact on children and they will put the best interests of the child as a primary concern in making any decision , ' de bono told aap . a recent australian report by a former integrity commissioner , philip moss , on conditions at the australian funded centre in nauru was highly critical and detailed allegations of rape and assault , self harm among children , and trading of sexual favours for drugs . the unicef comments come against a backdrop of heightened fears over the welfare of the detainees both in nauru and at detention centres in australia , especially the wickham point facility in darwin . on saturday a number of detainees with at least one three-month-old child were flown from darwin to nauru despite protests . in the coming week , possibly as early as monday , a charter plane is expected to fly out from nauru with some 10 refugees for resettlement in cambodia .