for a player known for his fearsome , fire-breathing nature in the centre of arsenal’s midfield , who would protect goal like it was a pot of gold , it is fitting that he is preparing to be a football manager at dragon park . patrick vieira is set to complete his uefa pro licence this summer leaving manchester city’s head of the elite development equipped for the top job . he has been taking his coaching badges with the welsh football association under their technical director osian roberts . given manuel pellegrini’s capitulation at city , the timing of their conclusion could not be better with vieira itching for a chance to test himself amongst the best . patrick vieira has been part of the coaching team at manchester city since he retired . vieira worked as football development executive at city before becoming reserve team manager . vieira is one of the potential candidates in the frame to replace manuel pellegrini - if he were to leave . under premier league rules , there is nothing stopping vieira taking charge now as they allow coaches without the full qualifications to take charge for 12 weeks . there is currently no real hurry , but in the coming months city’s top echelons will have some important decisions to make . vieira’s contract at city is due to expire this summer and he is not prepared to hang around forever waiting for a chance at the helm . city’s teenagers are in awe of the man , having grown up watching him torment the premier league for a decade at arsenal and city and across europe . vieira played for manchester city towards the end of his career after spells at juventus and inter milan . vieira was signed by former manager roberto mancini in 2011 . one of their brightest prospects on loan at lille , rony lopes , told sportsmail in an interview : ’it was like a dream just to meet someone like vieira . for him to be the coach , it was the best thing in the world . from the first day , he was always very friendly , talking to me a lot , trying to pass on his knowledge and make me grow up as a player and a person . that was he wanted . he is very important to me . he keeps in touch with me , asking how i am . ’ after a poor start to his time in charge of city’s young players they have made it to the uefa youth league quarter-finals for two successive seasons , enhancing vieira’s reputation . young portuguese player rony lopes spoke highly of vieira . the frenchman also has allies in the first team , having played with vincent kompany and joe hart in his one season at the club in 2010/11 . when vieira joined city in a coaching capacity in june 2013 his aim was to see how he progressed in ‘ the next few years , ’ suggesting he is coming to a decision-making juncture in his career . he chose the welsh fa and roberts , who works alongside his deputy carl darlington , to complete his badges because the pair are known for developing individual coaches through their personality . vieira is best remembered for the nine years he spent at arsenal . vieira made his name in england at arsenal where he won seven major honours . vieira has his own idea of how he wants to manage a side . ‘ my coaching style is a combination from my experience of working with arsene wenger , fabio capello and jose mourinho , ’ he told sportsmail in an interview . ‘ there is a little bit of all of them , plus my own experience to deliver my message . the relationship with the players is so important . i want to trust them but they must trust me , too . i like it because i want to be close with them . ‘ . in february he added another stellar manager to his list of influences when he spent time at bayern munich with pep guardiola and his backroom staff . city’s academy director mark allen described how he likes his sides to play : ‘ we play out from the back , through the thirds , into midfield and then a possession-based game but with fast , attacking play . we want to keep the ball , have full-backs bombing on and work on a very fast recovery . press , press , press and play again . ' 