a 12-year-old boy has succeeded where many in the media have tried and failed by fearlessly cutting president obama off mid-ramble during a q & a session on thursday . osman yaya from bennett middle school in salisbury , maryland , was moderating a town hall event when the president started getting a little long-winded when answering a question about how to avoid writer 's block . as the president started to repeat himself , osman politely stepped in : ' yeah . i think you 've sort of covered everything about that question , ' he said as the audience laughed . osman yaya , 12 , from bennett middle school in salisbury , maryland , moderated a town hall session with the president on thursday . during an answer about writer 's block , obama started getting a little long-winded and osman stepped in . obama grinned and replied , ' osman thinks i 've been talking too long . ' ' no , i think you just… ' yahya hesitated . ' no . let 's move it along , i got you , ' obama agreed . the president had been talking about the topic for more than three minutes when yahya politely intervened after shifting nerviously in his seat . obama was at the anacostia library in washington for a ' virtual field trip ' with students to promote white house initiatives to make free e-books available to low-income students and to get cities to provide access to universal library cards . yaya also managed to skillfully tease details about obama 's early reading habits , his post-presidency plans and his facility with digital media . middle schoolers at a washington library and students watching online may have puzzled over obama 's reference to the hardy boys , just like obama appeared stumped by osman 's mention of alex rider . ' yeah . i think you 've sort of covered everything about that question , ' he said as the audience laughed . obama grinned and replied , ' osman thinks i 've been talking too long ' . ' and our first question is from mrs. cook 's second-grade class at pinegrove elementary school in alabama , ' osman began . ' they asked : `` as a child , did you enjoy reading ? '' well , you said you loved reading , so that question is done . and they also asked : `` if so , what type of books spark your imagination and interest ? ' '' obama conceded that the youngsters probably did n't read the hardy boys mysteries anymore and said he had been fond of the book treasure island . what did osman read , he asked . osman described the alex rider spy books and their gadgets and offered to lend obama some books . then , with a bit of sympathy , he added : ' to make you feel younger , my best friend read treasure island . ' when osman asked why it was important to have access to electronic books , obama , a father of two teenage girls , revealed every parents ' knowledge of the digital age . obama was at the anacostia library in washington for a ' virtual field trip ' with students to promote white house initiatives to make free e-books available to low-income students . ' so you 're texting all day and you 're looking at vine and instagram , and you 're looking at grumpy cat or some video of your favorite singer , rapper , ' obama said . ' what that means is , is that we want to make sure that that becomes a tool not just for entertainment , not just for talking to your friends , but also for learning . ' asked what inspired him to be president , obama conceded he had once harbored wishes to be an architect or basketball player but was ultimately inspired by the civil rights movement . as for his post-presidency career , the president seemed to suggest he might just return to his old job as a community organizer . ' i 'll still be pretty young , ' he said . ' and so i 'll go back to doing the kinds of work that i was doing before , just trying to find ways to help people — help young people get educations , and help people get jobs , and try to bring businesses into neighborhoods that do n't have enough businesses . ' 