david cameron has admitted he will have failed as tory leader if he does not win a majority at the next election . the prime minister said voters were not ‘ fully sure’ about the tories at the last election , but claimed they would back the party this time . he said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority , before adding : ‘ if i fall short of those 23 seats i will feel i have not succeeded . ’ david cameron has admitted he will have failed as tory leader if he does not win a majority at the next election . the prime minister said voters were not ‘ fully sure’ about the tories at the last election , but would back them this time . mr cameron made the remarks in an interview with the bbc’s evan davis in the second of a series of special election interviews . the pm also revealed that nothing made him ‘ more angry’ than the tories being called the party of the rich and admitted there were people who did not pay tax in britain who ‘ damn well should’ . mr cameron’s remarks came after the deputy prime minister nick clegg insisted the tories were getting rattled because they knew they could not win an outright majority next month . polls have consistently put the tories and labour party neck and neck with just three weeks to go before polling day . but mr cameron insisted voters would come round to the tories in the final days of the campaign . he said : ‘ at the last election when we came close i think frankly people were very worried about the state of the economy , we were teetering on the brink and they weren’t fully sure we had all the ideas and plans . ‘ what i would say is this time people can see a track record . an economy turned round , more people in work , the deficit paid down , britain on the brink of something special . ‘ this time i believe they can put their trust in me and in the conservative party to deliver that better future for the country . ’ the pm also revealed that nothing made him ‘ more angry’ than the tories being called the party of the rich and admitted there were people who did not pay tax in britain who ‘ damn well should ' . mr cameron made the remarks in an interview with the bbc’s evan davis in the second of a series of special election interviews . but mr cameron admitted he would be seen as a failure if he failed to win an outright majority on may 7 . he said : ‘ we are only 23 seats short and if i fall short of those 23 seats i will feel i have not succeeded in what i want to achieve . ’ in the first of the series of leaders ' interviews mr clegg said he would reject another coalition with the conservatives if they insist on their proposed £12bn welfare cuts . the tories have said details of this will be set out after the election , and mr cameron said : `` what we 're proposing is totally affordable and doable . '' despite his planned welfare cuts , mr cameron said the tories were not the party of the rich . he said : ' look there will be people watching this programme who go out , who work damn hard every day , they pay their taxes . ' they don’t pay their taxes so that people who can work choose not to . you know , the reward sometimes for irresponsible behaviour can drive people mad – can drive me mad and that’s one of the reasons to reform welfare . ' he said that accusations that the conservatives are `` the party of the rich '' make him `` more angry than almost anything else '' . he said : ' what infuriates me so much about this is i think of what we’ve done . we’ve taken three million of the lowest paid people out of tax . 'it’s the people at the bottom end that i care about . that’s what this government has been about – more good schools for children from low income backgrounds getting people into work who’ve been unemployed . ’ 