incredible footage has emerged of a mysterious pair of white lights seen hovering perilously close to to the chilean volcano eruption . volcano calbuco , which has laid dormant for more than 40 years , suddenly erupted on wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky while thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee the 'apocalypse-like ' event . hundreds filmed the eruption , near the southern port city of puerto montt , chile , and its deadly ash cloud which caused all nearby flights to be grounded for safety . but one amateur cameraman was surprised to see what appeared to be white lights close to the enormous plume of ash and smoke rising from the mouth of the volcano . scroll down for video . mysterious white lights have been spotted hovering near chile 's erupting calbuco volcano on wednesday . a pair of strange glowing white lights were filmed floating perilously close to the smoke and gas clouds from the eruption . the pictures have since gone viral with internet user suggesting the lights were either police helicopters , an optical illusion or an alien aircraft . the footage shows the unexplained pair of lights floating dangerous close to erupting volcano before disappearing . tens of thousands of people have speculated on what the ufo could be , suggesting everything from police or emergence services helicopters , to a kind of optical illusion or even an alien craft . one youtube user , perkoff , believed it was time travelers . he wrote : ' most ufos are not aliens like a lot of people think . they are in fact time machines from the future . the reason you see so many ufos at historic events is because people from the future want to come back in time and witness history . a lot of these ufos are filled with students and are just going on a futuristic version of a field trip . ' bud ekins wrote : ' it wants to be filmed ! drones and planes do n't disappear like that . ' others argues it was something a little more mundane . one youtube user wrote : ' for me , chances are it 's a drone . ' while francisco javier segurasaid : ' it 's a airplane , come on ! up in smoke : volcano calbuco , in southern chile , has erupted forcing 1,500 residents from ensenada , about 10 miles away , to flee their homes ( pictured , a view of the eruption from puerto montt , a small city around 20 miles from the volcano ) . smoke and lava can be seen spewing from the calbuco volcano in this picture taken from the shores of lake llanquihue in puerto varas . an electrical storm lights up the night sky as a huge column of ash and lava shoots out of the volcano . the eruption sparked a red alert in the port city of puerto montt . volcano calbuco , believed to be among the three most dangerous of chile 's 90 active volcanoes , had erupted for the first time at 6pm local time on wednesday . an estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of ensenada after the eruption , while several smaller townships were also cleared . experts said the main risk was now now of a pyroclastic flow - a superheated current of gas and rock that can destroy nearly everything in its path and travel at speeds upwards of 200 to 300 kilometers per hour . gabriel orozco , a vulcanologist with chile’s geological and mining service , said : “ in this situation , with the eruption column so high , the main risk is that it collapses , falls due to gravity because of its own weight and causes a pyroclastic flow , ” . locals described an apocalyptic scene as ash clouds were shot six miles into the air creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night 's sky . another unexpected eruption in the los lagos region yesterday heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated , residents developing severe breathing problems and more flights being grounded . the ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway . previous and equally violent eruptions at calbuco have continued for up to a week , according to a volcanologist from oxford university who told mailonline it is impossible to predict what will happen next . the volcano is located near the tourist town of puerto varas and the city of puerto montt , a little more than 620 miles south of chile 's capital , santiago . the national mining and geology service issued a high alert , setting up an exclusion zone of 12.5miles around the volcano , barring access to the area . trevor moffat , who lives in ensenada , some six miles from the volcano , said the eruption happened without warning . volcano calbuco 's last major eruption happened in 1961 , with a weak eruption following in 1972 . he said : ' it sounded like a big tractor trailer passing by the road , rattling and shaking , guttural rumbling ... we left everything there , grabbed my kid , my dog , got in the car with my wife . mr moffat , who was originally born in canada , said he was now driving his family to puerto varas . he added : ' all the neighbors were outside , a lot of young people crying . armageddon type reaction . ' dusted : a car covered in ash at the ensenada locality , on the outskirts of calbuco volcano . ghost town : most people have abandoned the la ensenada locality in puerto varas ( pictured ) which has been caked in ash despite being over 18 miles away from the massive eruption at calbuco volcano . boats dusted with volcanic ash deposited from the eruptions of the looming calbuco volcano , background , sit parked in front of a home . television pictures showed a spectacular mushroom-shaped column billowing into the sky with occasional lighting bolts shooting through it . the eruption was seen up to 100 miles away in neighbouring argentina . derek way , a resident of puerto varas , said : ' there are a lot of people out in the streets , many heading to the gas stations to fill up on gas . a friend told me to fill everything we have with water . ' chile , on the pacific ' rim of fire ' , has the second largest chain of volcanoes in the world after indonesia , including around 500 that are potentially active . in march , volcano villarrica , also in southern chile , erupted in spectacular fashion , sending a plume of ash and lava high into the sky , but quickly subsided . volcanoes occur at the edges of tectonic plates which make up the earth 's crust , either where these plates are moving toward or away from one another . eruptions occur when magma from the earth 's core forces its way to the surface , exploding through weak points in the crust . unexpected : the volcano last erupted in 1972 , and while it is widely believed to be among chile 's most dangerous , it was not under observation before it erupted today ( the eruption pictured from puerto varas ) . explosion : residents in nearby puerto varas go about their business while in the background the ash cloud from volcano calbuco is seen . green fields : the scene looked calm away from the fall out from the ash , but southern chile remains on alert .