robbie williams has scaled back plans to revamp his multi-million pound home following a public spat with neighbour jimmy page . the 41-year-old star has ditched the proposal for a two-storey basement extension under the garden and glass studio at the top of his house . the take that singer angered the veteran led zeppelin rocker with ambitious proposals for the 46-room mansion , which was previously owned by the late film director michael winner . neighbours : the homes of robbie williams ( left ) and led zeppelin guitarist jimmy page ( right ) . williams has submitted fresh plans to extend his mansion having angered the veteran rocker with an earlier proposal . williams responded by withdrawing the blueprints but has now returned with a fresh set of plans . after ditching the underground extension , the focus now is on the inside of the property , which he bought for £17.5million in 2013 and includes a swimming pool . williams wants to lower some of the floors and knock down a number of the walls to create bigger rooms and doorways . one of the walls earmarked for demolition by the pop star is between his lounge and home cinema . the application reads : ' the proposed alterations have been considered in regard to a holistic programme of contemporary family living that will ensure the long term occupation and appropriate use of the place into the future . ' scrapped : pop singer williams has ditched the proposal for a two-storey super basement extension ( pictured ) under the garden and glass studio at the top of his house . new blueprints : williams wants to focus instead on the inside of the property , which he bought for £17.5million in 2013 and includes a swimming pool . spat : williams ( left ) and page ( right ) have been locked in a battle not over chart position but instead whether the pop star should get the green light for his plans to expand his mansion . somewhere to cool off : williams ' home included a swimming pool when he bought it . he wanted to build a new one in an underground extension but has since backtracked on the idea . rocker jimmy page was upset that building work in williams ' garden ( pictured ) would cause disruption to the neighbourhood . he claimed the work could damage his property , built in the 1870s by victorian architect . the plans have been submitted to kensington and chelsea council and also include the demolition and rebuilding of the garage . williams lives at the property with his wife , u.s. television actress ayda field , and their two children . led zeppelin guitarist jimmy page , who lives next door house , hired a team of experts to help him rebuff the couple 's original plans . he claimed the work could damage his property , which was built in the 1870s by victorian architect william bruges . family man : williams lives with his wife , u.s. television actress ayda field , and their two children . the plans submitted to kensington and chelsea council include the demolition and rebuilding of the mansion 's garage . super basement : this shows how robbie williams was previously looking to expand his mansion . late film director michael winner , who died in 2013 , had a home cinema built into the house , which williams now owns . one of the walls earmarked for demolition by the pop star is between his lounge and home cinema . the take that star wants to lower some of the floors and knock down a number of the walls to create bigger rooms and doorways . one of the walls earmarked for demolition is between his lounge and home cinema . going deeper underground : the previous proposal williams submitted included an underground extension . high ceilings and old fireplaces can be seen in williams ' home in this picture taken when winner lived there . page also raised fears that they would be able to peer into his house , where he has lived since 1972 . writing to town hall planners , page argued : ' i am extremely concerned that this work will cause vibrations and possible structural damage with my house ' . he added : ' as you will know , it is listed grade i and is thus one of the most important buildings in the borough . ' another neighbour , the marks and spencer heir jonathan sieff , was also upset by the plans and objected . rock royalty : page wanted to make sure he protected his property , which includes this imposing fireplace below a medieval scene , so hired a team of experts to help him rebuff williams ' original plans . design : the led zeppelin guitarist's grade 1 listed tower has intricate paintwork featured heavily inside . not on the same wavelength : jimmy page wrote to town hall planners : ' i am extremely concerned that this work will cause vibrations and possible structural damage with my house ' . pictured are williams ' old plans . revised : this is what the new plan looks like . it has been submitted to kensington and chelsea council .