as patrick bamford fired home his 19th middlesbrough goal of the season on tuesday night , there was one question on everybody’s lips : can he make the grade at chelsea next season ? the 21-year-old striker has been prolific in his loan spells at boro , derby and mk dons , so much so that sportsmail understands his parent club are opening talks with him over a new deal . needless to say it would see his wages rise from his current £7,500-a-week deal . he will also be given the chance to impress jose mourinho on chelsea’s summer tour although at the end of it he is expected to go out on loan again . this time , though , bamford will be sent to a premier league club , preferably aitor karanka’s middlesbrough should they join the blues in the top flight . scroll down for video . patrcik bamford ( centre ) scored in middlesbrough 's their 2-1 championship win over wolves on tuesday . bamford reels away in celebration after netting his 19th goal of the season in all competitions for boro . the 21-year-old 's ( centre ) sparkling form has led his parent club chelsea to open talks over a new deal . the worry is that it is the same tactic the club employed with romelu lukaku , who was eventually sold to everton . but bamford is a confident young man and will believe he can emulate tottenham’s harry kane and force chelsea’s hand . bamford is currently one of 26 players out on loan from stamford bridge - five of which are rival frontmen - while academy forwards dominic solanke and isaiah brown have already won elevation to the senior set-up . then there are diego costa , loic remy and didier drogba already competing for that sole striking role . the chances of bamford making his mark next season , you feel , are slim . but then weren’t the chances of kane scoring 29 goals for spurs in his breakthrough season and then netting on his full england debut also outlandish ? bamford has already impressed mourinho with his attitude . the striker was sat with his dad and chelsea’s technical director two years ago when the manager walked in and boldly demanded of the youngster , ‘ what do you want ? ’ he was encouraged by the reply . ‘ to play for chelsea , ’ returned the well-mannered but equally brazen rookie . chelsea boss jose mourinho ( right ) has been impressed with bamford 's attitude as well as his development . romelu lukaku ( pictured in 2011 ) was sold to everton in the summer after failing to make the grade . chelsea youth product dominic solanke ( centre ) has won elevation to the first-team squad this season . tottenham striker harry kane ( left ) has scored 29 goals in his breakthrough season for the club . bamford has always achieved his goals in life - be it straight a grades at nottingham high school , teaching himself spanish and to play guitar or , indeed , scoring goals as a footballer . he left mourinho in no doubt as to his ultimate ambition . last summer , when mourinho convinced bamford that middlesbrough was the best place for him , the manager dispensed with his cool exterior and hugged his player . ‘ he was very emotional , ’ recalls the 21-year-old . and there is the ace which bamford holds - mourinho likes him . in june he will line up alongside spurs’ kane for england at the under 21 european championships . kane is just six weeks older and has plotted a similar path through the football league . on tuesday night he became boro’s first player since 1990 to score 17 league goals in one season . the play-offs are boro’s most likely destination . but for bamford - favourite to land the football league’s young player of the year prize - the chance of a showcase match at wembley is no bad thing . asked to detail the aspects of his game which have improved this season , bamford said : ‘ i now know how to use my strength in that position ( lone striker ) , and i can run a lot more . ’ if mourinho was listening it would have been music to his ears . for bamford’s ability - the raw talent which persuaded chelsea to prise him from nottingham forest as an 18-year-old after only 12 minutes of first-team football - has never been in question . that much was in evidence during the midweek win over wolves . his goal was a ruthless combination of technique and instinct . at times he reminds you of a young teddy sheringham , but with more pace . but more eye-catching was the selfless pursuit of a hopeful punt forward when , after out-muscling and out-pacing his minders , he squared for a team-mate to score . there is , then , graft as well as craft . silk allied to steel . but it is bamford’s personality which is most endearing . bamford scored in middlesbrough 's surprise fa cup fourth round win at manchester city on january 24 . the striker 's style of play has been compared to ex-england and tottenham forward teddy sheringham ( left ) . after training every day he goes home and practises guitar for ‘ one hour only’ because he doesn’t want to ‘p*** off the neighbours’ . he already plays piano , violin and saxophone and is conversational in german as well as french . there was an offer from harvard university to study economics , and he could even have followed his two sisters down a medicine and science route . he shunned all of that , however , for a career in football . bamford knows what he wants , and so does mourinho . he feels he is ready to make the grade at chelsea . to do that , like kane , he first needs the chance . bamford enjoyed two loan spells at mk dons before spending the second half of last season at derby .