former toronto mayor rob ford has announced that he will undergo ' very serious ' surgery to remove a cancerous tumor in his abdomen . in an emotional press conference on thursday , the 45-year-old politician said he met with doctors who told him chemotherapy and radiation have shrunk the tumor to a size where they can operate . four surgeons will carry out the eight- to ten-hour operation on may 11 , and he will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days , he said . he hopes to return to work in september . ' i 'm just lucky to be alive today and i 'm just lucky that i 'm getting another chance at life , ' he said . scroll down for video . emotional : rob ford announced on thursday that he will undergo a lengthy operation to remove a cancerous tumor from his abdomen in may . he hopes to return to work as a councilor in september , he said . ford was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue - last year , forcing him to quit his bid for re-election for mayor . instead , he ran for his old seat in city council and won . the success came after he acknowledged in 2013 that he had smoked crack cocaine in one of his ' drunken stupors ' - but despite the emergence of embarrassing footage of him allegedly taking the drug , he refused to resign and instead completed a stint at rehab . the city council stripped ford of most of his powers but lacked the authority to force him out of office because he was n't convicted of a crime . ford 's antics made him the target of late-night television comedians in the us . battle : ford , pictured talking to deputy mayor denzil minnan-wong last december , has undergone five rounds of chemotherapy and nearly a month of radiation , which has shrunk his tumor significantly . having a laugh : toronto 's chief budget officer councillor frank di giorgio is pictured with ford during a budget meeting in january 2014 - before the embattled mayor headed to rehab . last march , he appeared on jimmy kimmel live ! after months of wooing by the talk-show host , who introduced his guest by saying he ' has tripped , bumped , danced , argued and smoked his way into our national consciousness . ' after his cancer diagnosis , his brother doug took his place in the mayoral race but he lost out to mayor john tory . he underwent 27 days of radiation and five rounds of chemotherapy and the 14cm tumor found in his lower abdomen has now shrunk to a manageable size , 5.6 by 4.3 by 4.6 cm , he said . he said doctors are optimistic but there’s a chance the cancer could come back after surgery . ford thanked his wife renata - who was at the press conference - his family and the people of toronto , as well as his medical staff , for their support .