ukip candidate kim rose ( pictured handing out sausage rolls today ) is being investigated by police over claims he tried to ' corruptly influence ' voters by giving them sausage rolls . a ukip election candidate will be grilled by the police over claims he tried to ' corruptly influence ' voters by giving them sausage rolls . kim rose , who is running for nigel farage 's party in southampton itchen , is being investigated by officers after laying out the snacks at an event , which also featured snooker star jimmy white . electoral commission rules state food and entertainment can not be provided by parliamentary candidates if their provision is intended to influence votes - a criminal offence known as ' treating ' . mr rose , 57 , branded police involvement as ' absolutely ridiculous ' , adding that voters in the marginal seat were unlikely to ' change their mind for a sausage roll ' . the ukip candidate put on a spread of sandwiches , sausage rolls and teas and coffees for the event , which also saw veteran snooker player white play pool with local youngsters . mr rose , a jeweller , said he was oblivious until he was contacted by hampshire constabulary 's economic crime unit . laughing off the allegations , he said : ' thank god they did n't find out about the jaffa cakes . ' the sausage rolls were for the kids but now i have been reported to police who i believe have received a complaint from one of the main parties . ' under parliamentary rules allegations of treating is bribing people with food and drink . i thought it was a joke at first and i said to the police officer it was a bit daft . ' he said , `` it is n't daft it could be a very serious offence '' . fortunately i have eaten all the evidence . ' mr rose , who will now have to report to a police station on monday , added : ' it was a fantastic day . we laid on teas , coffees , sandwiches and some sausage rolls . ' it 's absolutely ridiculous . i 'm sure people are n't going to change their mind over voting for a sausage roll . ' mr rose ( pictured with jimmy white , left , and nigel farage , right ) branded police involvement as ' absolutely ridiculous ' , adding that voters in the marginal seat were unlikely to ' change their mind for a sausage roll ' . today mr rose was seen out in southampton handing out sausage rolls to members of the public . he said : ' the ukip support is very strong here and i feel the main political parties will do anything they can to scrutinise everything about us . ' mr rose added that if other politicians fear voters could be ' bribed with sausage rolls ' , perhaps it is not surprising they will not trust the country with a referendum on eu membership . today the parliamentary candidate was out campaigning on the streets of southampton , handing out sausage rolls to members of the public . ukip leader nigel farage weighed into the dispute , backing mr rose . he said : ' i think it’s utter nonsense . there seems all sorts of cases in politics of people behaving badly and doing things wrong , abusing their positions . ' having a few sausage rolls i don’t really think counts as one of those . ' mr rose said the event , which was attended by 250 people , took place at a community centre in southampton on february 21 - more than a month before parliament was officially dissolved . he invited veteran snooker star jimmy white , 52 , who he described as a long-time friend . the former world number two and six-time world champion , nicknamed ' the whirlwind ' , played pool with residents , who were charged £2 to attend the event . ' i 've known jimmy as a friend for a number of years and so i asked him to come down and play pool with the kids , ' mr rose said . mr rose , 57 , branded police involvement as ' absolutely ridiculous ' , adding that voters in the marginal seat were unlikely to ' change their mind for a sausage roll ' . ' i did n't want to make the event very ukip so we put all the party banners away and everybody had a game of pool with jimmy . ' the electoral commission said the pastry provision was a police matter . a hampshire police spokesman said : ' we have a received an allegation of `` treating '' by a prospective parliamentary candidate , contrary to the representation of the people act 1983 . we are looking into the complaint . no arrests have been made . ' electoral commission rules on treating state : ' a person is guilty of treating if either before , during or after an election they directly or indirectly give or provide any food , drink , entertainment or provision to corruptly influence any voter to vote or refrain from voting . ' treating requires a corrupt intent - it does not apply to ordinary hospitality . ' anyone found guilty of treating can be fined and imprisoned for up to a year . mr rose has been a member of ukip since 1999 . he briefly stood as an independent in the key marginal southampton itchen seat in 2010 before pulling out . he is campaigning on tackling deprivation in southampton , as well as wanting to pull the uk out of the eu . prime minister david cameron came under criticism in the constituency earlier this week after sending a letter to residents spelling the constituency 's name wrong three times . his letter , which has his letterhead and signature , had ' itchen ' spelled as ' itchin ' , prompting the conservatives to apologise for the embarrassing mistake . the constituency 's mp has been labour 's john denham since 1992 . he held the seat in 2010 by just 192 votes and is standing down after may 7 .