earlier this week , brazilian commuter nelson felippe was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform . he proceeded to take a photo , and express his disapproval on facebook , after which the image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours . in the picture , taken on a train platform in rio de janeiro , two women hug and gaze into each others ' eyes , but the source of his outrage soon becomes clear in a post that cleverly spoofs conservative attitudes . brazilian man , nelson felippe posted this image , expressing his disapproval at the ' scene ' . the viewer believes he is conducting a homophobic rant , as he mentions : ' they are challenging social conventions , and this can be dangerous ' . in his facebook post , felippe stated : ' i am not prejudiced , i think everyone does what they want out of your life . but i find it absurd that i should be forced to witness a scene like this . ' what one does in private is your business , but what you do in public concerns me yes . and i refuse to see a scene like this and consider it normal . ' a man breaks safety regulations by standing with his foot on the yellow line . ' i do not wish ill of anyone , but people should be preserved . [ they ] are challenging social conventions , and this can be dangerous . continuing with what the unknowing reader assumes at this point is a homophobic rant , the next part of the post starts to become confusing . ' if after a tragedy strikes , or worse , if someone dies , who will put the blame on who ? on me ? worst of all is the example for children . suddenly it becomes clear what felippe , who works at the catholic university of rio de janeiro , is really warning against - with his tongue firmly in this cheek . ' what would happen to a child who sees this scene every day ? ' kids will think it 's normal to wait for the subway on the yellow line . so , do n't act like that guy over there . ' follow the example of the girls . ' it seems the brazilian commuter was in fact observing a public transport safety regulation , which the man in the far top-right is clearly breaking . felippe warns others not to follow in the delinquent man 's footsteps . the post has received thousands of comments with users applauding his witty way of exposing homophobia . leando da silver wrote : ' great text . shows that do not need to be boring to combat homophobia . ' celia rodrigues added : ' there are people that judge before concluding the reading . '  