esa’s rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67p after the probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby . on saturday the spacecraft had dipped to within nine miles ( 14km ) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface . but during the manoeuvre , rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ‘ safe mode’ , causing it to momentarily lose contact with earth . the european space agency 's rosetta spacecraft ( illustrated ) has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67p after the probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby . rosetta launched into space in 2004 and entered orbit around 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko in august 2014 . ‘ not the best month to choose to go dry…’ rosetta project scientist dr matt taylor quipped on twitter , as the team back on earth sweated over the safety of the spacecraft . the problems arose due to rosetta’s limited vision owing to the amount of material it was flying through . the spacecraft uses two star trackers to work out where it is in space , in addition to a sun sensor , navigation cameras and three laser gyroscopes . crucially , the star trackers allow rosetta to know where it is with respect to the sun and earth , so it can correctly orient its antenna to send and receive signals from ground stations on our planet . the rosetta probe , which was carrying philae , launched into space in 2004 , using the gravity of earth and mars to slingshot its way towards comet 67p . it chased comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko through space for more than ten years , and entered orbit in august 2014 . after a four billion mile ( 6.5 billion km ) journey , the probe then successfully released the philae lander from its grip to land on the comet on 12 november 2014 , travelling at 3.3ft ( one metre ) per second relative to the comet . but when it first made contact with the surface it failed to fire harpoons that would have kept it attached to the comet . this resulted in it bouncing to a height of 0.62 miles ( 1km ) above the comet before again landing on the surface . it then bounced again , but to a much lower altitude . philae managed to perform more than 90 per cent of its goals before running out of power . rosetta , meanwhile , is continuing to orbit and study the comet . from data collected by the two proves , esa said that water on the comet was different to that on earth - suggesting water on our world came from an asteroid , not a comet . when the star trackers are not working properly , the antenna drifts , causing communications to be temporarily lost . and during the recent flyby , the spacecraft started to mistake comet debris for stars , causing it to lose sight of earth . the spacecraft autonomously attempted to readjust itself but struggled due to its close proximity to comet 67p . esa said that ‘ hundreds of “ false stars” were registered’ and it took nearly 24 hours before the spacecraft could properly start tracking again . during this dramatic event , the antenna had become mis-aligned with earth , so that only a very weak radio signal was being received . once the tracking system was restored , the off-pointing was immediately correct and the operations team on the ground saw a return to full signal strength . some issues with ‘ false stars’ were still occurring , though , and attempts to eradicate them caused the same problem to occur . this time , the spacecraft but itself into ‘ safe mode’ to preserve its safety , during which it switched off its science instruments to replace them . esa said it took until monday to get the spacecraft back into ‘normal’ status . on whether the problem could cause rosetta to lose permanent contact with earth if it happened again , dr taylor told mailonline that they were ' looking at ways to minimise this from happening . ' ‘ plans for the future are being discussed now , ’ he added . he also said they had been ‘ flying at a very low relative velocity to the comet to reduce the chance’ of any lasting damage being caused by debris . the spacecraft is now performing a wide sweep around the comet , giving engineers ample time to make sure the problem does not occur again . ' we are looking to examine the best way to mitigate the chance of re-occurrence , ' said dr taylor . the spacecraft completed a manoeuvre yesterday that will bring it from about 250 miles ( 400km ) of the comet to within 90 miles ( 140km ) by wednesday next week . the spacecraft uses two star trackers ( shown in red ) to work out where it is in space , in addition to a sun sensor , navigation cameras and three laser gyroscopes . the star trackers allow rosetta to know where it is with respect to earth , so it can send and receive signals . the high gain antenna is in the background . rosetta was tasked with studying the jets coming from its surface ( shown in image ) . it is hoped that continuing studies like this could reveal what the comet 's interior is composed of - but engineers will be hoping that this ' false stars ' anomaly does not occur again . this diagram shows an example of rosetta 's recent flyby trajectories at comet 67p . the spacecraft completed a manoeuvre yesterday that will bring it from about 250 miles ( 400km ) of the comet to within 90 miles ( 140km ) by wednesday next week . the purpose of flying in so close is to examine 67p 's geysers . these jets are formed when ice on the surface sublimates - or vapourises - and they become more active as the comet approaches the sun . it is getting closer and closer over the next few months , with its point of closest approach taking place in august . as it becomes more active , rosetta has a fantastic opportunity to sweep through the increasingly large jets and gather data . studying the jets could reveal vital data on how gas and dust flows out from the surface , and it could also reveal the connection between the comet’s atmosphere - its coma - and the surface . despite the drama , esa was still able to release some amazing images recently taken by rosetta . this stunning scene was created from two rosetta frames acquired at 12 miles ( 19.9 km ) from the comet centre on 28 march . the scale is about 1.7 m/pixel and the image measures 3.1 x 1.7 km . the latest images include ones of earth and mars which were taken when the probe was attempting ‘ gravity assist manoeuvres’ in which it used other planets to slingshot its way towards the comet . pictured is mars as seen by rosetta in 2007 . as the comet gets closer to the sun , scientists will also be hoping to hear from the philae lander on the surface . the washing machine-sized philae probe gripped the imaginations of the world when it landed on comet 67p on 12 november 2014 . but after making two unscheduled bounces on the surface , the probe landed in an unknown location and ran out of power . now , as the comet approaches the sun , it is hoped that solar rays will recharge philae’s batteries and bring it back to life . as the comet approaches the sun , it is hoped that solar rays will recharge philae’s batteries and bring it back to life . shown is one of the first images returned by philae on the surface , showing what appears to be the probe on its side wedged in darkness against a cliff .