a few weeks ago , some members of tottenham’s ground staff thought the club’s principal owner joe lewis had arrived for an impromptu visit to the training ground when a rolls royce phantom drophead coupe pulled into the car park . lewis is an infrequent visitor to england , exiled for tax and lifestyle purposes in the bahamas , where he conducts much of his business on his enormous yacht . results on the pitch had taken a bit of a downturn and there was an air of anticipation when the driver got out to open the door for his wealthy passenger . emmanuel adebayor pictured on his last start for tottenham against aston villa back in early november . adebayor travelled in style to training earlier this year in a rolls royce phantom drophead coupe . age : 31 . nationality : togo . clubs . mets ( 2001-2003 ) : 53 appearances , 19 goals . monaco ( 2003-2006 ) : 115 apps , 26 goals . arsenal ( 2006-2009 ) : 142 apps , 62 goals . man city ( 2009-2012 ) : 45 apps , 19 goals . real madrid ( 2011 ) : 22 apps , 8 goals . tottenham ( 2011- ) : 106 apps , 41 goals . honours . monaco - champions league runner-up ( 2003-04 ) real madrid - copa del rey ( 2010-11 ) it was then that the grinning figure of emmanuel adebayor emerged , throwing sand in the face of his employers with another outlandish display of his extravagant lifestyle . he went on to train as normal with the first team , while his driver waited in the rolls before returning the forward to his london home shortly after mauricio pochettino had finished the morning session . since adebayor’s last start in the barclays premier league for tottenham , when he was dragged off the pitch after 58 minutes at aston villa on november 2 , he has pocketed £3.4million in wages . it was that day at villa park when harry kane came on as a substitute , scoring his first premier league goal of the season for spurs and diving , jurgen klinsmann-style , in front of the travelling fans after he scored the winner . by then adebayor had taken his seat on the bench after one of the most listless , lifeless displays of his entire career . that day he had just 32 touches of the ball and none of them were good . on the bad days at spurs , when he is in a particularly confrontational mood , he tells people that he is only prepared to leave tottenham if they can fix a move to real madrid or chelsea . he played for real once before , a short-term solution for jose mourinho during his spell at the bernabeu , and he has always craved the chance to play for chelsea . this has not been a good year . he has scored just twice - in the 4-0 victory over qpr on august 24 and the defeat by newcastle on october 26 - under their new head coach . adebayor has spent a large chunk of the campaign on the substitutes ' bench for tottenham . adebayor 's last goal was against newcastle in october - one of only two scored this season . this is the final year that manchester city will make a contribution to his salary , topping up his £100,000-a-week wages at white hart lane with another £70,000 each week as part of the deal that took him south . they , like tottenham , did not get their money’s worth out of him either . his last appearance for pochettino was as a substitute on march 15 , sent on to the pitch at old trafford when the team were already 3-0 down against manchester united . he has no future at spurs . last season , tim sherwood made a point of saying his job was ‘ to manage men’ when adebayor went through something of a renaissance under the former tottenham head coach . getting him off the wage bill this summer will be a problem , with spurs in hock to him for one final year on £100,000 a week until his contract expires on june 30 , 2016 . talks aimed at removing him from the list of players on the club’s wage bill are already underway , but adebayor will not go easily . naturally , like anyone else in his position , he will want his money . this could have been solved in february , when west ham came to the table with an offer to take the forward on loan for the rest of the season . darren dein , son of former arsenal vice president david , was brokering a deal that gave west ham , adebayor and tottenham the option to make his move permanent . throw in the £75,000 a week the hammers were willing to contribute to his complicated salary and it looked like pretty good business for tottenham . adebayor did have something of a renaissance under former tottenham manager tim sherwood ( right ) . adebayor , pictured during a session , turned up at training in a rolls royce phantom drophead coupe . harry kane ( left ) has 30 goals in all competitions for tottenham this season . daniel levy’s intransigence on the issue is well known , highlighted by david gold’s tweet - ‘ no matter how hard you try there are some people out there that you just can’t do business with’ - when the deal collapsed . in recent weeks adebayor has been named a substitute on occasion , making up the numbers on the bench because of an injury to another troubled forward , roberto soldado . the thing with adebayor is that it is not all bad , despite goading his employers with pictures on his instagram account when he is goofing around at home when his team are travelling for a europa league tie . he is capable of extreme acts of generosity , such as the house he rented out in rio de janeiro for all his friends and their girlfriends last summer during the world cup . adebayor footed the bill for the lot . as ever , though , adebayor’s clubs will continue to pay the biggest price . 