wisconsin ended kentucky 's bid to become the first college basketball team to remain undefeated in nearly 40 years , beating the wildcats 71-64 behind 20 points and 11 rebounds from frank kaminsky . wisconsin will play duke , an 81-61 winner over michigan state in the earlier semi-final , at the lucas oil stadium in indianapolis on monday night . ' it gives us another 40 minutes , i know that , ' said wisconsin coach bo ryan , who leads the badgers to their first final since 1941 . wisconsin celebrate a 71-64 victory over kentucky in the semi-finals of the ncaa tournament . wisconsin players run onto the court in celebration as kentucky 's unbeaten season was brought to an end . wisconsin moved through to the final with a tense victory over kentucky at the lucas oil stadium . and kentucky has a long ride home , finishing the season at 38-1 - two wins short of becoming the first undefeated team in college basketball since the 1975-76 indiana hoosiers . instead , these nba-ready group of wildcats join the star-studded 1991 unlv team as the latest to take an undefeated record into the final four but lose in the semifinals . trailing by four and gasping for breath after going 6 minutes without a bucket , the badgers ( 36-3 ) responded with an 8-0 run to take a lead kentucky could n't overcome . kaminsky and bronson koenig went 7 for 8 from the line over the last 24 seconds to seal the win . the 70,000-capacity lucas oil stadium in indianapolis , home of the colts in the nfl , is hosting the final four . wisconsin badgers fans cheer on their team at the lucas oil stadium in indianapolis . kentucky 's last , best chance came while trailing by three with 12 seconds left . but karl-anthony towns received the ball in the post and got fouled . he made only one free throw , and from there , wisconsin clinched it from the foul-line . earlier saturday , justise winslow scored 19 points and jahlil okafor added 18 to lead top-seeded duke to an 81-61 victory over michigan state on saturday and a shot at its fifth national championship . winslow , who played through some early foul trouble , had nine rebounds and was 5 for 7 from the field , while okafor grabbed six rebounds and was 7 for 11 from the field . duke celebrated reaching the final of the ncaa tournament with a 81-61 win over michigan state . justise winslow of the duke blue devils goes up for a dunk in the semi-final in indianapolis . senior quinn cook had 17 points for the blue devils , who dominated the game except for the opening minutes when they trailed 14-6 . defensively , it was a team effort , just the way coach mike krzyzewski has stressed for his 35 seasons at duke . what had been wide open 3-pointers early for michigan state became contested shots and when the blue devils started getting up and on the spartans , the points were suddenly tough to come by . denzel valentine finished with 22 points , which included hitting three quick 3-pointers in the first quarter to give the no.7 seed michigan state an early lead . trice scored 16 points and branden dawson added 12 for the spartans .