the lawyers for a female pennsylvania police officer charged with criminal homicide last month are trying to keep a video of her fatally shooting an unarmed motorist in the back out of the courtroom . footage of hummelstown police officer lisa mearkle shooting two bullets into david kassick 's back as he lay face down on february 2 that was recorded by her stun gun has not been made public . her attorneys asked a judge on friday to bar the distinct attorney from releasing the video . scroll down for video . pennslyvania police officer lisa mearkle is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of david kassick . kassick , 59 , was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground on february 2 . he was unarmed . mearkle , 36 , claimed she shot kassick in self-defense because she saw him reach into his jacket for a weapon . a preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for monday , cbs news reported . a lawyer working for kassick 's family who has seen the video , christopher slusser , said it ' leaves nothing to the imagination ' . mearkle is free on bail and suspended without pay . he said : ' whether she would have been charged or not had the video not existed , i ca n't answer that , ' ' but i can tell you having that video , for me - i wo n't speak for the da - but it made it very clear the da had very little choice not to charge her . ' mearkle , who is free on bail but is under electronic monitoring , is suspended without pay . dauphin county district attorney ed marsico previously called the video the strongest evidence in the case when mearkle was charged at the end of march . the stun gun 's camera started recording when mearkle , 36 , used it on kassick , 59 , after she tried to pull him over for expired inspection and emissions stickers . kassick sped away but she caught up to him after he got out and ran . marsico said kassick was trying to remove stun gun probes from his back when he was shot . mearkle 's lawyer , brian perry , said his client fired at kassick in self-defense because she thought he was reaching for a gun . she performed cpr after the shooting . kassick 's family said he had struggles with drug addition but that he was not a violent person . a syringe was found near kassick 's body and he had alcohol and unspecified drugs in his system when he died . he was a construction worker . dauphin county district attorney ed mrisco ( left ) called video of the shooting the best evidence in the case . the offense of criminal homicide encompasses charges from misdemeanor involuntary manslaughter to murder . according to the arrest affidavit : ' at the time officer mearkle fires both rounds from her pistol , the video clearly depicts kassick lying on the snow-covered lawn with his face toward the ground . ' furthermore , at the time the rounds are fired nothing can be seen in either of kassick 's hands , nor does he point or direct anything toward officer mearkle . ' marsico planned to show the video on monday , but mearkle may waive the hearing . the motion filed by her defense team about the video is scheduled to be addressed on tuesday . the offense of criminal homicide encompasses a range of charges , from misdemeanor involuntary manslaughter to felony first-degree murder . prosecutors often narrow the charge later in the process , about the time when defendants are formally arraigned .