muhammed tahir at the old bailey . he was banned from using london underground during rush hours after rubbing himself up against a woman in a busy carriage . a dry cleaner in his fifties has been banned from using the tube during rush hours after targeting a young woman and rubbing his crotch and pot belly on her bottom . mohammed tahir , 53 , of leytonstone , east london , got off his train at mile end and picked a target on the platform - a ' confident and articulate ' professional in her 20s , a court heard . he then followed her onto a central line service and stood as close to her as he could . tahir sidled up to the victim and pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh as she stood with other passengers in the busy carriage on a hot summer’s day . unable to leave the packed train , she tried to change position and lean as far away as possible to escape his advances . but tahir moved even closer and began rubbing his crotch and pot belly against her thigh and bottom . his behaviour was so obvious that it had attracted the attention of undercover police officers who were watching his every move . eventually , the horrified young woman managed to attract the attention of one of them and tahir was arrested , finally putting an end to the nightmare ordeal . detectives later discovered that tahir was charged with two similar offences in 2003 only to be cleared after the prosecution file failed to arrive in court in time . at the old bailey , judge rebecca poulet qc said that the experience was clearly very ' frightening and shocking ' for the victim , who cried while giving evidence , despite seeming very confident and self-assured . he was convicted of sexual assault after a two-day trial at the old bailey , but the judge decided not to jail tahir in the hope that he can tackle his problems under the supervision of probation officers - despite saying ' there must be a custodial sentence ' . tahir was given a six-month prison sentence suspended for two years , a 12-month supervision order , told to complete to do 150 hours of unpaid work and ordered to pay an £80 victim surcharge . the judge also prohibited him from travelling on the tube or entering any london underground station between 7am and 10am and 4pm and 8pm for five years . undercover police officers first spotted tahir when he got off his train at mile end at around 8am on 24 july last year . he followed a young woman onto a train , unaware that officer were watching his every move . the judge told tahir : ‘ your purpose in getting off was not because you were hot as you claimed but in order to look for a suitable young woman and to follow her on to the train for your activities . ‘ that is exactly what you did . so blatant was your conduct that no less than three undercover police officers saw you doing it and saw you looking at young women . ‘ you spotted [ the victim ] and followed her on to the central line train . it was fairly crowded and she stood centrally in the area near the double doors holding the rail with her right hand . ‘ when the train moved off she felt something brush her left side . she looked down and saw your hand by her side in a somewhat unnatural position and it made her uncomfortable . ‘ she moved to get away from you , still thinking the touching might be accidental . when the train moved again you came closer , pushing your stomach up against her and then your crotch . ‘ she leaned as far as she could in order to move herself away from you but you moved with her , pressing up against her . you pressed your crotch on her thigh and buttock . she could feel you pressed firmly against her buttock . ‘ despite being a confident and articulate and fair witness she cried giving evidence and the experience was clearly frightening and shocking for her . ‘ in my view there must be a custodial sentence . you were in grave peril of going immediately to prison . i want to impose a sentence that will prevent you from behaving like this ever again and the public is best served by suspending this sentence . ’ 