a man has been jailed after fathering a child with his own daughter who he raped repeatedly from when she was aged just 10 ( file image ) . a man has been jailed for life after fathering a child with his own daughter who he raped repeatedly from when she was just 10 . the man , who can not be named for legal reasons , was given a life sentence after derby crown court after jurors heard how he ' took his daughter 's life ' through sexual abuse . his depravity was exposed when he impregnated her when she was just a teenager , having ' poisoned ' the girl against her mother . as she watched her abuser being led away from the dock the girl ran towards him , crying out : ' i love you and miss you . ' earlier the court heard how her father had been her primary carer for years and began raping her when he felt ' out of sorts or angry ' . despite promising to stop the abuse after each attack , the man carried on abusing her until she became pregnant . in a bid to terminate the pregnancy without raising concern he encouraged his daughter to continue kick boxing , the court heard . eventually , when the girl refused to tell authorities who the father of the baby was they ordered a paternity test . the pair fled but were apprehended by police and the man taken into custody . giving evidence the girl told of how she was too scared to reported her father to police and still ' loved him ' . ' the abuse has set my life on the wrong course and destroyed the normal childhood and teenage years that everyone deserves , ' she said in a statement . ' i feared the consequences of disclosure because i love my dad . ' i know what he did was wrong , but i grew up with my dad by my side . ' i just wanted him to get help to make him better but unfortunately that never happened and it has come to this . ' it 's come to me having a baby and to the father being my dad and to him being sentenced and my life falling apart . ' the man , who earlier admitted rape , had ' poisoned ' the girl against her mother who did not live with them , the court heard . applying the same sentence as is handed to murderers , judge stuart rafferty qc told the man : ' you took your daughter 's life . ' jailing him for a minimum term of 15 years , he said : ' it 's difficult to find words that could properly describe the extent of your deprivation and the damage that that deprivation has caused , not to a stranger but to your own daughter . ' children do not ask to be born . children are entitled to expect the best from their parents , in terms of care and parental love , that they can possibly receive . ' you gave your daughter a warped variation of that , a variation that suited you , not her . ' and , although i know you have to serve a prison sentence for that , the sentence you imposed upon her is a far greater one . ' he added the girl has been consigned ' to a life of darkness ' . ' she loved you , as any child loves its parents , and although people may think it strange , she loves you still - that 's what children do . ' the man was sentenced to life imprisonment at derby crown court ( above ) . his daughter cried : ' i love you ' as he was led way from the dock .    