representatives from comcast and time warner cable will meet with us department of justice officials to discuss concerns raised by their planned $ 45billion merger , according to reports . the meeting next wednesday would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants , staffers at both the justice department and the federal communications commission remain concerned the combined company would have too much power in the internet broadband market . reps from comcast and time warner cable plan to meet with us department of justice officials on wednesday . there are also concerns the merged company and would have unfair competitive leverage against tv channel owners and businesses offering online video programming . the proposed meeting will be the first time the cable companies have met with regulators since announcing their proposed deal a year ago , the wall street journal reported on saturday . representatives of the two companies and the justice department did not immediately respond to reuters ' requests for comment on the journal report , which cited people familiar with the matter . news of the planned meeting followed a report by bloomberg on friday that staff attorneys at the justice department 's antitrust division were nearing a recommendation to block the deal . a spokesman for time warner cable questioned the bloomberg report , saying on friday the company had been working productively with both the doj and the fcc . the meeting would aim to negotiate concessions related to antitrust concerns over their planned merger . a source close to comcast said on friday that discussions with the doj had been positive and that the fcc was still gathering material from companies , making it early for any discussion of conditions for a deal . the bloomberg report said justice department attorneys were citing concerns for consumers as they lean against it and their review could be handed in as soon as next week . a final decision would be made by senior officials . time warner cable shares closed down 5.4 per cent at $ 149.61 on the new york stock exchange on friday , while comcast shares ended down 2.1 per cent at $ 58.42 on nasdaq . in its report on saturday , the journal said the doj and the fcc were nearing the final stages of scrutinizing the deal . discussions on potential remedies to concerns would be an indication that the two agencies had not yet made a firm or final decision on the merger , the paper said . but it added the meeting could be the first of many and said it was not clear whether the companies could offer concessions that would satisfy the regulators .