faris al-khori , 62 , was found with a hoard of explosive ingredients and recipes for bombs in his flats . a former syrian doctor has been jailed after police discovered a hoard of explosive ingredients and bomb-making instructions at his home . faris al-khori had dozens of chemicals , poisonous materials , bolts and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb , a court heard . the equipment was found purely by chance in april last year after a fire at a block of flats in the muirhouse area of edinburgh . firefighters , who were responding to a 999 call over a fire within a rubbish chute on the 11th floor , had forced entry to a flat registered to al-khori and found jars containing various powders . castor beans , which can be used to make ricin , were also found . the building was evacuated while the police and army explosive ordnance device ( eod ) experts were called in to test the substances - some of which were years old . al-khori also had a small amount of a highly volatile explosive lead picrate which was so dangerous that the forensic explosives laboratory refused to take delivery of it and it was destroyed . a search was carried out at a further block where the 62-year-old lived with his wife in leith and a further haul of material was recovered . both blocks of flats were evacuated and the areas around them sealed off . al-khori said the materials were used for cleaning and as fertiliser but in february he pleaded guilty to a breach of the 1883 explosive substances act . police seized bomb-making instructions and equipment including a bag containing an electrical circuit ( pictured ) from the properties . two coleman 's mustard jars were found being used to store a small amount of a highly volatile explosive , lead picrate . sentencing him to three years and four months in prison , judge lady wolffe said : ' you assembled large quantities without lawful purpose and some were stored in a high rise flat in a densely populated area . ' the number and nature of the explosive substances and the places you chose to store them lead me to conclude there is no alternative to a custodial sentence . ' the court heard that much of the bomb-making equipment , which also included electrical circuits , had been ordered from online retailers . defence qc brian mcconnachie said : ' what seems to be clear from the narrative and material is that it has been directly ordered from legitimate companies , mainly through amazon . ' the material has always been delivered to domestic addresses and paid for by genuine credit cards registered to mr al-khori . ' it has always been done in the open and over a period of time . many of the items have never been opened . al-khori pleaded guilty to a breach of the 1883 explosive substances act after officers seized dozens of explosive ingredients . ' it is difficult to understand the hoarding of this material but it does appear that he is someone who has some kind of academic interest in the materials . ' it seems he has accumulated materials with some kind of peculiar interest in the subject without ever intending to do anything or make anything . ' detective superintendent david gordon , who led the investigation , said : ' this was a significant and complex inquiry for police scotland , to safely deal with these volatile items and seek to establish al-khori 's motives for storing them . ' a thorough investigation by the organised crime and counter terrorism unit and crown office found no known links to terrorist offences and we believe faris al-khori was acting independently . however , he showed utter disregard for the occupants of both buildings . ' thanks to the swift actions of our partners in the fire service and armed forces , we were able to quickly assess the contents of the flats and make them safe by removing a number of items for forensic examination or controlled explosion . the items from the flats in edinburgh were discovered by chance during a fire within the rubbish chute which was then evacuated whilst the items were recovered . ' i am also grateful to the city of edinburgh council for their work to re-house vulnerable residents whilst we carried out our searches . ' public safety was at the forefront of our response to this incident and all agencies worked together to minimise any risk to the public . 'al-khori 's activities went unnoticed for many years , demonstrating the importance of community vigilance in our efforts to keep scotland safe . ' counter terrorism is one of police scotland 's highest priorities , and whilst al-khori has no such known links we will always treat all information received with the utmost importance where any risk to the public is identified . ' al-khori , who was born in damascus and raised in a christian family , trained as a doctor in iraq but has never practised medicine in britain after arriving here in 1984 . he was the full-time carer for his wife , who suffers from schizophrenia , and has had british citizenship since 1998 . police and army explosive ordnance device ( eod ) experts had to be called in to remove the explosive materials . lindsey miller , the crown office 's procurator fiscal for organised crime and counter-terrorism , added : ' the conviction of al-khori is a good example of agencies working closely together to protect the public . 'al-khori possessed a significant number and volume of explosive substances across two properties in edinburgh as well as recipes for explosives . ' we worked closely with police service of scotland and other agencies to prepare the case to ensure that al-khori was brought to justice . ' ' i want to reassure the people of scotland that we take any such offences extremely seriously , and our specialist prosecutors will continue to treat them as an absolute priority . '