angelina jolie has said that the cost of testing for breast cancer genes ' remains an obstacle for many women ' . the actress , who underwent a double mastectomy in 2013 , was referring to a genetic test that currently costs more than $ 3,000 ( £2,000 ) . now a silicon valley-based start-up is offering an at-home dna saliva test that detects the same gene mutations but is priced at only $ 249 ( £167 ) . a silicon valley-based start-up is offering an at-home dna saliva test to detect the same gene mutations priced at just $ 249 ( £167 ) . it tests for mutations in brca1 and brca2 . it tests for mutations in brca1 and brca2 , along with 17 other markers , all of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer . women with a mutation in brca1 have a lifetime risk of up to 80 percent for developing breast cancer and up to a 50 percent chance of developing ovarian cancer . the company behind the test , color genomics , was founded by elad gil , a former cancer researcher at mit and otman laraki , a former engineer at twitter and google . ' we founded color because we want to give every person the opportunity to understand their genetic risk of cancer , ' said dr gil . angelina jolie recently said that the cost of testing for breast cancer genes ' remains an obstacle for many women ' . the actress , who is pictured here with her husband brad pitt , was referring to a genetic test that currently costs more than $ 3,000 ( £2,000 ) ' this important information gives people the opportunity to work with their physician to manage their risk and make key life choice . ' to get hold of the test , a physician will need to order it online , with the patient receiving a kit at home . the kit has instructions on how to take a sample of saliva and send it back to a central lab for processing . ' we want to make sure that there is always a physician involved , ' the founders told quartz . color genomics is currently available in 45 states and is hoping to comply with regulations required in new york , maryland , rhode island , pennsylvania and florida . however , the test has received mixed responses with some saying it might not be useful , and could even be harmful . ' i worry it will give women information that we really do n't know what it means - and that women will make very difficult choices that turn out to be incorrect , ' frances visco of the national breast cancer coalition told npr . ' if we have more women who believe they are at increased risk , ' visco says , ' we will have more women removing healthy body parts . ' we really do not have enough information to base this kind of expansion of this kind of testing . ' color genomics did not immediately respond to dailymail.com for comment . researchers found coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women who have already been treated with the drug tamoxifen . just two cups of coffee a day could halve the risk of breast cancer returning in women recovering from the disease , a study has found . researchers found coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women who have already been treated with the drug tamoxifen . tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause , and is usually taken for five years or longer after treatment for breast cancer . most breast cancer tumours rely on the hormone oestrogen to grow , and tamoxifen blocks oestrogen from reaching the cancer cells . this means the cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing altogether . as part of the study , swedish and british researchers looked at data from 1,090 breast cancer patients , in a follow up of a similar study carried out two years ago . they found that more than 500 women who had been treated with tamoxifen , and those that had drunk at least two cups of coffee a day , had only half the risk of their cancer returning than those who drank less coffee , or none at all .