whistleblower chelsea manning has given in an in-depth interview from behind bars in fort leavenworth , kansas , describing the ' painful and awkward ' process and conditions of transitioning to a woman from inside a military prison . born bradley manning , the 27-year-old former intelligence analyst was convicted of espionage in july 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the wikileaks website and was subsequently sentenced to 35 years prison . one month after being found guilty , manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named chelsea elizabeth manning , officially switching names in april 2014 . in february this year , after suing the defense department , manning was approved for hormone treatment , allowing the former army private to make the transition into a woman while serving out her sentence . speaking : chelsea manning , 27 , the soldier convicted of leaking a trove of secret documents and sentenced to 35 year prison , has given her first in-depth interview since announcing plans to transition into a woman . manning , a former army private who enlisted as bradley , has had her name officially changed to chelsea and recently received approval to undergo hormone therapy for gender reassignment while in prison . she was also permitted to have some amenities , including makeup and underwear , but is not allowed to grow her hair long , which she sees as a major affliction . just this month , manning started tweeting and interacting with supporters online from prison . there is no internet access , making it a complicated process that involves her dictating messages over the telephone . now , manning has done an interview for the may edition ofcosmopolitan , which was conducted through written letters back and forth . manning said not being able to grow her hair is ' painful and awkward ' , because she is forced to reject one of the biggest physical transformations her body will go through now she is taking hormones . ' i am torn up , ' she told the magazine . revelations : in the new interview , manning speaks of a tumultuous childhood , why she enlisted in the military , and realizing she was a woman trapped in a man 's body . ' i get through each day ok , but at night , when i 'm alone in my room , i finally burn out and crash . ' manning grew up with a dysfunction home life in oklahoma , and that combined with bullying at school made him retreat into denial . he found solace by sneaking into his older sister 's room and trying on her clothes makeup . she had a mirror that allowed you to see yourself under different lighting , which manning found fascinating . manning was constantly being called ' girly boy ' and ' faggy ' at school , however his father would tell him to ' man up ' in the face of such comments . this caused manning to get into a lot of fights at school , she says . after her mother attempted suicide and her marriage to manning 's father brokedown , she moved with her mother to wales . of attending high school in overseas , manning recalled : ' i do n't think i ever said `` i 'm gay '' or `` i 'm trans . '' it was more like , `` is it normal for guys to crossdress a lot ? '' ' projection : manning recently started a twitter account operated using the telephone from prison , and this is her profile photo , which is believed to be an impression of what she will look like as a woman . former life : manning , had already secured permission last year to be known under the name ' chelsea ' instead of ' bradley ' . manning returning to oklahoma after graduating and moved back in with her father , starting an internship as a software programmer and designer . however a falling out with her father lead to a period of homelessness . she lived out of her car in chicago for a while until moving in with an aunt in washington d.c . there she attended montgomery college and worked two sales jobs to pay for her tuition . she was growing more and more to understand her transgender self , and wanted to seek therapy , but could not afford it . on top of studying and working so much , she was falling apart with stress . ' it was all exhausting me to the point i was turning to soda , cigarettes , and the internet for an escape , ' she told cosmopolitan . suddenly , enlisting in the military seemed like a good alternative , and her father supported the move . despite a troubling experience in training , where manning received school-like bullying and torment , she went to become an army intelligence analyst in new york and prepared to deploy to iraq . there she started a relationship with a student at brandeis university . ' i fell in love with him , ' manning told the magazine . ' he was not my first relationship , but he was certainly the most serious one . it was the first time manning spoke to someone about wanting to become a woman . while the relationship fell apart once manning got to iraq , his understanding of self only intensified . the experience ' made me absolutely certain of who i am , ' manning said . ' dealing with reams and reams of emails , memos , and reports of people dying around me every day — to the point it becomes just a statistic to many people — made me realize just how short and precious our lives really are . ' i could 've been killed at any moment too . we all can , really . ' so what better day to start being ourselves than today , right ? yeah , it sounds tacky , but it 's absolutely true . ' when i went on leave in january 2010 , i was comfortable dressing as a woman in public . ' i would n't have been able to do that before i deployed to a combat zone . ' prison : manning is serving out a 35-year sentence at fort leavenworth for violating the espionage act . manning refused to be drawn on leaking documents , which occurred a little after this time . the former army intelligence analyst was convicted in august 2013 of espionage and other offenses after admitting to handing over more than 700,000 classified documents , including military intelligence reports and state department cables , to the anti-secrecy website wikileaks . us officials describe manning 's document dump as the biggest leak of classified files in american history . she could be eligible for parole in about seven years , however may have to answer to an army parole for the duration of her 35 year sentence .