with 17 feature films , two fashion campaigns and a role as a un ambassador under her belt , it 's hard to believe that emma watson is just 25 . the harry potter star reached a quarter of a century yesterday , celebrating what must arguably be one of the recognisable a-lister names on the planet . now renowned for her effortless style and influential role in women 's right movements , emma has come a long way from her frizzy-haired days as harry potter 's loyal companion . scroll down for video . emma watson turns 25 and has already carved a career that many of us can only dream of . but how has the actress made the transition from hermione granger to a feminist heroine ? here , femail charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon . 2001 . emma was placed firmly in the global spotlight after taking on one of the world 's most famous roles . aged just 11 , she joined the cast of harry potter and the philosopher 's stone as the geeky but loyal hermione granger . alongside daniel radcliffe and rupert grint , she was catapulted to fame after the adaption of the jk rowling book grossed at $ 317m ( £214m ) worldwide . emma 's career began when she landed the roll of hermione granger alongside daniel radcliffe ( centre ) and rupert grint ( right ) who play daniel radcliffe and ron weasley in the harry potter saga . emma was just 11 when she filmed harry potter and the philosopher 's stone . she is pictured here bright-eyed at her first ever premier for the first film . 2002 . a year later saw the release of the second film in the series - harry potter and the chamber of secrets which saw harry potter and ron weasley go it alone after emma 's character hermione is petrified by a giant snake known as the basilisk . critics criticised the director chris columbus for under-employing emma 's talents in the film . after her appearance in the second harry potter flick critics criticised the director for underplaying emma . 2004 . in the third installment of the harry potter series , hermione took a more prominent role , aiding harry in restoring peace in hogwarts , travelling back in time . the actress earned kudos for her powerful female role after she famously punched the gang 's arch nemesis draco malfoy , which the actor tom felton described as ' hardcore ' . the film also sees her famous frizz take some taming , as her hair appears softer and more tamed . 2005 . as harry potter and the goblet of fire was released , emma was recognised as an individual . she received a bronze otto award for her performance and , after her yule ball costume sent many teenage boys ' hearts a flutter , she landed a cover on teen vogue magazine . hermione takes a much bigger role in harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban . emma won over the hearts of many teenage boys when she was transformed from a girl to a woman at the yule ball in harry potter and yhe goblet of fire . emma may be an on-screen siren however she was still finding her fashion feet in 2005 . 2007 . in the fifth film - harry potter and the order of the phoenix - we also begin to get a sense of her worth , with her earnings so far estimated to be £10m . this year also sees emma branch out from her role as hermione , taking the lead in the bbc production of ballet shoes based on the novel by noel streatfeild , which was aired over christmas . it was also this year emma considered leaving the harry potter franchise . when she was asked to renew her contract that she had been presented with at the tender age of nine , she wanted to give it serious thought after she said her life had become out of her control . ' i get told what time i can eat , when i have time to go to the bathroom . every single second of my day is not in my power , ' she said at the time . eventually at the age of 16 , she signed up for another five years with warner brothers . emma 's hair took a bleach blonde tone in 2007 following her appearance in the fifth potter film . the bbc adaptation of ballet shoes was the first non-potter role for emma watson aged 16 . 2008 . it was a role in which we heard emma , but did n't see her as the actress voiced the role of princess pea in the animated film the tale of desperaux . it was her first - and only - animated film to date . 2009 . in march 2009 , emma was named in sixth place on the forbes list of the most valuable young stars . she was also named hollywood 's highest paid female star having earned an estimated £19m aged just 19 . in 2009 both emma and her brother alex ( left ) took centre stage in the burberry campaign . it was to be the first of several modelling jobs for the actress . emma took on her first modelling job in 2009 , appearing in the aw09 campaign images for burberry alongside her brother alex . she also appeared in the brand imagery a year later for the aw10 campaign . as if she did n't have enough on her plate , emma also embarked on her degree at brown 's university in usa , but shortly after dropped out in order to continue filming harry potter and the half blood prince which was released that year . 2010 . in the penultimate potter flick , harry potter and the deathly hallows part 1 , we see the trio step away from hogwarts for the first time . the film was split into two parts for financial reasons . emma became a regular at fashion week taking to the front row and brushing shoulders with stars . pictured : emma at the burberry ss10 show with gwyneth paltrow and mario testino . emma made headlines when she debuted a cropped haircut at the premier of harry potter and the deathly hallows part 1 , a far cry from hermione 's bushy waves . after getting a taste for fashion as a burberry model , emma was seen on the catwalks of several fashion week shows . she took front row at the burberry catwalk in london where she was sat with gwyneth platrow and vogue photographer mario testino . at the world premier of harry potter , the actress showcased her desire to disassociate herself with hermione when she debuted her cropped haircut . 2011 . this year saw the end of hermione granger for emma after the release of the final film harry potter and the deathly hallows part 2 . despite her previous gripes with the movies , emma was moved to tears at the world premiere of the last instalment , which marked the end of 10 years of filming . 2011 saw the final instalment of harry potter and emma was moved to tears at the world premiere . emma grew as one to watch in the fashion industry when she was awarded style icon at the elle style awards . after having waved goodbye to the potter franchise , emma picked up a new role as lucy , a wardrobe assistant in my week with marilyn . emma 's style efforts were further acknowledged when the actress took home the style icon award at the elle style awards . emma also returned to her studies at oxford university before having to put her studies on hold in order to film . her first post potter role came when she acted alongside eddie redmayne in my week with marilyn . in 2012 emma abandoned her english rose status as she adopted an american accent to play sam , a glamorous high school student in the perks of being awallflower . 2012 . emma took a complete turnaround from her famous english schoolgirl role as she adopted an american accent in the perks of being a wallflower , in which she played sam in the adaption of stephen chbosky 's novel . 2013 . emma took on her most unrecognisable role yet , playing the pot-smoking underage drinking nikki in the bling ring , based on the true events of teenagers in la who burgled from the homes of hollywood a-listers . in a bizarre turn of events , emma appeared in a cameo role as a more exaggerated version of herself along side seth rogan and james franco , in the post apocalyptic film where she famously used a four letter swearword . emma 's role in the bling ring saw her go from british school girl to la socialite in 2013 . 2014 . emma proved she had brains as well as beauty when she graduated from brown university with a degree in english literature , after commencing her degree five years earlier . additionally , emma took on the role of ila in noah where she played the girlfriend of noah 's son , starring alongside russell crowe and douglas booth . but by far the most applauded achievement that emma gained in 2014 was for her role as a un goodwill ambassador for women . in early 2014 emma graduated from brown 's university with a degree in english literature . the speech that she gave in new york made waves around the world and paved the way for her to continue her work as ambassador . the paris-born actress launched her heforshe follows feminism 's principles of striving for equal rights and opportunities for men and women , including the political , economic and social equality of the sexes . but it aims to repackage the concept without emphasis on oppression by the male sex . in fact emma formally invited men - who may have previously felt alienated from the movement - to play a greater role in ending gender inequality . emma was applauded by feminists as she launched the heforshe campaign as part of her work as the un goodwill ambassador for women . she addressed the united nations in new york and called for the support of men in women 's rights rather than the oppression of the male sex . the campaign attracted a celebrity following with simon pegg and joseph gordon levitt and seeing the star recognised for something other than her role as the bushy haired hermione . 2015 . emma has a busy year ahead . september will see the release of her latest flick colonia in which she plays a woman in search of her boyfriend who was abducted in seventies chile . she will also begin filming perhaps her most magical role yet as belle in the live-action remake of disney 's beauty and the beast . 