in the previews for bruce jenner 's much-anticipated interview with diane sawyer , he said that his whole life has been getting him ready for this moment - and truly , the olympian 's changing looks over the years most certainly seem to have been building up to some kind of dramatic transformation . since achieving fame in 1976 , when he won olympic gold in the men 's decathlon , bruce , now 65 , has notoriously undergone countless cosmetic procedures , from multiple nose jobs to the shaving down of his adam 's apple , many of which - including a revisionary face lift - have been documented as part of his well-known reality series keeping up with the kardashians . now sporting manicures and ponytails , the former playgirl cover hunk has evolved from being the picture of american manliness into a favorite feminine topic of tabloid speculation . scroll down for video . moving with the times : bruce jenner 's face has changed dramatically over the years , and the star has finally spoken out about speculation that he is transitioning . he confirmed this is the last time he will appear as bruce before becoming ' her ' . after taking home the gold , bruce was a national hero - and a national heartthrob . muscles bulging , the athletic champ quickly became the media 's darling , and appeared in a variety of advertisements , including a wheaties box cover , as well as many magazine covers . in 1982 , he famously posed shirtless on the cover of playgirl magazine alongside then-wife linda thompson , now 64 , epitomizing the manly ideal of a strong athlete with a hairy chest . but underneath that uber-masculine exterior , bruce confirms , he was already looking to transition from a man to a woman . boyhood flashback : bruce shows no hint of his future penchant for pony tails in his closely cropped high school yearbook photo in 1968 . crossing the finish line : the former athlete has n't looked like the olympian who won gold , here in 1976 , for years . while competing in the iconic sporting event , bruce was known for his bulging muscles and athletic physique . body hair gone : since this hairy-legged high jumper competed in canada in 1976 , he has reportedly undergone numerous electrolysis treatments , and photos from the 1975 pan am games show a much more hirsute physique . he told diane sawyer that in the mid-1980s , he started hormone therapy and was undergoing electrolysis to rid himself of his ' repulsive ' facial hair , and had already gone under the knife in a bid to make himself look more like a woman . in 1984 , he got what his future step-daughter kim kardashian would later describe as an 'ill-advised ' nose job and facelift . he had also noticeably begun thinning out his eyebrows , which only made him look like a better-groomed metrosexual . in fact , bruce had even been considering getting gender reassignment surgery - until , divorced from linda thompson , he began dating his future wife kris jenner , known as the matriarch-turned-momager of the kardashian clan , and changed his mind . swingin ' 70s hunk : as an athlete who gained national recognition in the 1970s , bruce , shown here in 1978 , once oozed masculine sex appeal . his eyes have barely changed , but bruce is now virtually unrecognizable as the testosterone-fueled man pictured here in 1981 . 1980s : the buff olympic hero evolved from scruffy athlete to polished celebrity as he cleaned up his hairstyle and began thinning his eyebrows . he is seen far right in 1985 . 1990s : before the end of the decade , bruce admitted that he had at least six procedures on his face , including nose jobs and face lifts . 2000s : bruce 's hair got shorter and his skin got smoother as keeping up with the kardashians propelled his family to superstardom . 2010s : the tv patriarch pierced his ears and grew his hair longer again as the naughties past . but though he put a hold on his plans to live his life as a transgender woman , bruce continued to play with his appearance throughout the 1990s . during the first few years of his marriage to kris , bruce 's appearance remained much the same , although he would sometimes let his hair grow out a bit longer , which only served to draw more attention to the numerous cosmetic surgeries bruce is known to have undergone during this time . before the year 2000 , the former olympian admitted that he had undergone at least six procedures on his face , including nose jobs and face lifts . ' if you google my name , the worst plastic surgeries of all time or whatever it is… they 've compared me to michael jackson , ' he once said . so in 2009 , bruce went under the knife again , ostensibly to ' correct ' his previous procedures , a process which was documented closely on keeping up with the kardashians . pictured here in 1982 in costume , bruce was still considered the height of manliness at this time , having won a gold medal and appeared on the cover of playgirl . pearly whites : jenner has also gotten and maintained a fantastic set of teeth , even more perfect in 2014 , right , than they were decades ago . in 2009 bruce had a revisionary face lift . he is seen , left , in 2007 and , right , with a smoother jawline in 2013 . indeed , fans of the reality show have continued to watch as bruce 's appearance has changed more and more since the show premiered in 2007 . when the family rose to a previously uncharted level of reality show fame , bruce adapted to his new hollywood lifestyle , often showcasing an orange-toned tan while appearing on the red carpet , and even piercing his ears in 2011 . but as his marriage to kris began to fall apart , the former star athlete gradually started revisiting his old desires to transition . his simple gold studs were switched out for diamonds , his hair grew down to his shoulders , and , in 2014 , he began going out in public with colorful , perfectly-pampered manicures . ear-ily feminine : bruce made headlines when he pierced both of his ears in 2011 ; in 2012 ( pictured here ) , he upgraded from simple gold studs to flashy diamonds . january 2012 : ellen pierson , who married kris jenner 's ex-husband robert kardashian , claimed bruce had been a cross-dresser ' for years ' . she claimed his first wife chrystie crownover told her he had a penchant for women 's clothing , shoes and lingerie . that same month , star magazine alleged that kris was unfazed by her husband 's odd habit and that he continued to cross-dress for years after their 1991 wedding . january 2014 : the olympic gold medalist reportedly underwent a laryngeal shave to flatten his adam 's apple . may 2014 : bruce refused to cut his long hair for kim kardashian 's wedding , despite pressure from the bride and his estranged wife kris jenner . august 2014 : photos appeared to show bruce had breasts , sparking rumors he was having hormone therapy as he explored the idea of transitioning from male to female . september 2014 : as his divorce from kris was being finalized , bruce started growing out his hair and shaving his legs . november 2014 : he was spotted on various occasions wearing nail polish , a sports bra , and spanx . january 2015 : when asked about her step-father 's changing appearance , kim kardashian said he was on a ' journey ' and added : ' he 'll share whenever the time is right . ' february 2015 : tmz reported that bruce told his family that he has known he was meant to be a female since the age of five . march 2015 : people magazine claims bruce 's ex-wives chrystie crownover and linda thompson knew how he felt and both were supportive . the same month he had rhinoplasty to give himself a more feminine nose . march 31 : it was claimed bruce had had breast implants . april 6 : abc news announced that bruce would do a 'far-ranging ' interview with diane sawyer . april 24 : bruce finally confirms his gender transition , telling sawyer : ' i am a woman . ' from 2012 ( left ) to 2013 ( right ) , bruce grew his hair longer and began being pictured with glossy lips . bruce experimented with other coifs in the late 1980s and early 1990s as well , opting for a slightly lengthier look , for example , at the 1989 country music awards ( left ) . at this point , jenner revealed , he was already taking hormones and had done electrolysis . transition underway : the gold medalist revealed a suspiciously smooth chest , legs , and arms during a trip to greece with his family in 2013 ( right ) , a marked change from the hairy , muscular man pictured during a sports illustrated shoot in 1980 ( left ) . changing body : in march , bruce sparked further speculation about his plans to transition , when he was pictured with what appeared to be breasts , just a few months after it was reported that he had undergone a breast augmentation . in the spotlight : discussion about bruce 's long hair and full lips has been increasing for months leading up to his interview with diane sawyer . this grab from keeping up with the kardashians was filmed last fall . while his go-to ponytail and bright nail polish are only superficial , if shocking , changes , bruce has n't abandon the use of surgical procedures . he notably had his adam 's apple shaved down in 2014 , first sparking widespread rumors that he would come out as transgender . since then , rumors have circulated he has gotten lip fillers and breast implants - both of which can possibly be seen in recent photos of the television star - in order to more completely transition into living his life as a woman .