a luxury knightsbridge flat which is brushed with a touch of hollywood glamour has gone on the rental market - for more than half a million pounds per year . the spacious five bedroom home , based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and hollywood icon ava gardner spent her final years , offers 3,054 sq . ft. of high-end accommodation with two reception rooms , five bathrooms , a study and kitchen/breakfast room . entered through a long entrance hall , it has a grand double-sized reception room , private study and kitchen/dining room with a lift servicing each floor of the building . there are five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes . scroll down for video . this is the stunning living room of the knightsbridge flat which is based in the same building as the former home of screen goddess ava gardner . the luxurious bedroom , decorated in purple and neutral colours , is one of five at the flat which also boasts a private study and kitchen/dining room with a lift servicing each floor of the building . the high-end flat which is brushed with a touch of hollywood glamour features a bathroom with marble topped sinks and bath . the gleaming white modern kitchen at the property which is based in ennismore gardens , london where gardner , who famously starred in the killers , the barefoot contessa , 55 days at peking and the night of the iguana , lived until her death in 1990 . it is based in the high-end ennismore gardens , london where gardner , who famously starred in the killers , the barefoot contessa , 55 days at peking and the night of the iguana , lived from 1968 - after her three failed marriages , to mickey rooney , artie shaw and frank sinatra - until her death in 1990 . homes along ennismore gardens have a long history , built in 1870 as part of the redevelopment of kingston house , a palladian mansion dating back to the 18th century , belonging to elizabeth chudleigh , duchess of kingston . the mansion and its estate was later sold to william hare , baron of ennismore , in 1837 , but was sold off for development following his death , with the street and private gardens named to commemorate him . once completed the five-storey homes along ennismore gardens , designed with porticos and corinthian columns , commanded a premium of £17,000 per year . the pin-up girl of her era , ava gardner ( right ) was listed 25th among the american film institute 's greatest female stars in the 1950s with high-profile marriages to mickey rooney and frank sinatra ( pictured with ava , left ) . gardner , pictured at her knightsbridge flat in the same building was once quoted as saying ' i love the history and grandeur of my little london retreat , some say it is too big for me alone , but i love the space ' . once described as ' the most irresistible woman in hollywood ' , ava gardner became one of the pin-up girls in the 1950s . high-profile roles in in films such as the hucksters ( 1947 ) , show boat ( 1951 ) and the night of the iguana ( 1964 ) catapulted her into the limelight . but her off-screen life was often as dramatic as the roles she played , with marriages to mickey rooney , artie shaw and frank sinatra . she was said to have been the only woman who could ever tame the notorious playboy sinatra . after they met he told ava : ‘ all my life , being a singer was the most important thing in the world . now you’re all i want . ’ the pair married in 1951 but it was tumultuous . ava was a diva with a soul whose turbulence equalled his own . both ­harboured profound feelings of ­worthlessness , which expressed ­themselves in volcanic furies . ‘ we were high-strung people , ’ she said . ‘ possessive , jealous and liable to explode fast . when i lose my temper , you can’t find it any place . he’s the same . ’ like him , she was infinitely restless and easily bored . in both , this tendency could lead to casual cruelty to others —and to each other . they quarrelled ­constantly . friends whose house the lovers met in recalled how ava would scream at frank and he would slam the door and storm downstairs . eventually the couple split in 1957 . she later moved to london where she was to pass away on january 25 , 1990 , at age 67 . she is listed 25th among the american film institute 's greatest female stars . the property offers triple aspect views with private gardens at the front and rear of the building , and access to the large private garden square on ennismore gardens . mark tunstall , managing director of tunstall property , said : ' this property is just steeped in history . it is in a quiet yet well-connected pocket of prime central london and with five bedrooms provides space for all the family . ' the location is hard to beat , with hyde park and harrods on the doorstep , as well as the royal albert hall and museums and bistros of south kensington a short stroll away . this home meets every requirement , providing ; space , amenities and location . ' the flat is now available to rent through tunstall property at £10,500 a week - or £546,000 a year . the spacious home at 34 ennismore gardens is now available to rent through tunstall property at £10,500 a week - or £546,000 a year . it provides 3,054 sq . ft. of luxurious accommodation with two reception rooms , five bathrooms , a study and kitchen/breakfast room . the homes along ennismore gardens have a long history , built in 1870 as part of the redevelopment of kingston house , a palladian mansion dating back to the 18th century , belonging to elizabeth chudleigh , duchess of kingston . the plushly decorated flat is in prime location , based within minutes of hyde park and harrods as well as the royal albert hall . 