dawn was breaking as we pulled out of calvi station , and the town 's medieval citadel , perched on a headland , was bathed in the rosy glow of the first rays of sunlight . trundling along the coast on the narrow-gauge railway , i was heading deep into the mountains of central corsica for a self-guided walking trip . ' are you doing the gr20 ? ' was the question on everyone 's lips as soon as they spotted my hiking boots . i responded with an emphatic ' non ' . the trail , which runs down the mountainous spine of the island , happens to be the toughest trek in europe . the corsican mouflon , or mountain sheep , make easy work of the tough gr20 hiking trail . the gr20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of corsica and happens to be the toughest trek in europe . i had chosen a much gentler route , or so i thought . i was following the ancient sentiers de transhumance , footpaths used for more than 1,000 years by shepherds leading their animals to summer pastures . it started in the remote golo valley , a wild and desolate canyon flanked by barren cliffs . after trudging up a stony ledge high above the valley floor the first morning , i began to wonder what i had taken on . over the following days i found myself scrambling over dry river beds , scaling rock-strewn gullies and clinging to cable handrails as i inched across wobbly suspension bridges . everywhere i looked the views were jaw-dropping . fortunately , i was travelling in comfort with my luggage transported from one hotel to the next , so all i needed was a daypack and water bottles filled to the brim . the golo valley , where the ancient sentiers de transhumance used for more than 1,000 years begins . most of the trails were clearly marked with orange daubs of paint and i was equipped with maps and detailed instructions . even so , there were times when i got hopelessly lost . accommodation ranged from small auberges to family-run hotels . the first night i stopped at the casa balduina , a simple b & b in calacuccia , where i was welcomed by owner jeanne with earl grey tea and home-made fruitcake in her shady garden . each morning i would set off early to avoid the blistering midday sun . the average hike was five to seven hours and at times i walked for ages without meeting another soul . the water below one of the hiking track 's footbridges proves too enticing to not jump in for a swim . sometimes i 'd pause beside little packhorse bridges to dangle my feet in water that was as clear as gin . at the piscine naturelle , an emerald rock pool in the midst of the pine trees , i took a deep breath and plunged in up to my neck for a refreshing dip . it was cold as ice . i stayed at the hotel aitone further up the hillside which served hearty corsican fare in its panoramic restaurant . tucking into civet de sanglier , a wild boar casserole , i watched a crimson sun slip below the sea . next day i decided to cheat and cut short the itinerary . after trekking through the beautiful spelunca gorge , i caught a cab to the seaside resort of porto where a 16th century genoese tower stands guard over the harbour . after trekking through the beautiful spelunca gorge ( pictured ) , wendy took a cab to porto ( below ) . a 16th century genoese tower stands guard over the harbour in the seaside resort of porto . a packhorse bridge on wendy’s route , which can be walked for ages without seeing another person . corsican places ( 0845 330 2113 ) offers a seven-night corsican island mystery selfguided walking tour from £1,049pp including return flights from stansted or manchester , five nights ' half-board and two nights ' b & b , transfers and luggage transfers , maps and guide notes . holiday extras ( 0800 1313 777 ) offers a choice of uk airport hotels . joining the mare norstrum ii for a boat trip , i looked up at the remains of fortifications built on impossibly steep precipices . we sailed along the calanques , a series of rocky inlets , caves and sea cliffs which have been sculpted into exotic shapes by constant erosion . it was as if gaudi had fashioned battlements , spires and organ pipes . i was to see them close-up on my final hike along the cliffs to les roches rouges hotel in the village of piana . flinging open the shutters the last morning , i was greeted by an unforgettable sight . the entire gulf of porto lay below me . i promised myself i 'd be back to do a coastal walk or - who knows - maybe i will attempt the gr20 . the stunning coastline of corsica that has been sculpted by constant erosion . a final hike along the cliffs led wendy to les roches rouges hotel in the village of piana . the remarkable view of the gulf of porto that can be seen from the balcony of les roches rouges .   