per mertesacker is not one to shy away from a verbal confrontation and the defender revealed that bringing back the ' arguing culture ' to arsenal was key to their upturn in results - following a number of heavy defeats . arsene wenger 's side were thrashed 6-3 by manchester city and 5-1 by liverpool last season as they slipped from the top of the summit to a battle for the champions league places . and mertesacker , who last season was pictured remonstrating with mezut ozil , admits being embarrassed by the bigger teams was the catalyst for a number of much-needed confrontations . per mertesacker says arsenal have brought back the ' arguing culture ' after some heavy defeats last season . the central defender gives mezut ozil a piece of his mind following arsenal 's heavy defeat at the etihad . he told the independent : ' we tried to think what went wrong for us last season , especially when we got beaten heavily by those big teams . very severe . ' it 's always a big discussion . i mean , we are responsible for our performances . no one wants to have such a miserable day again . ' ' you need that arguing culture . we lost that at times . it gets personal , and someone gets upset too quickly , but you have to face the truth and have a proper argument . that was normal 10 years ago and it has slightly changed . the german thinks confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality and it has helped arsenal since . aaron ramsey ( left ) , jack wilshere and nicklas bendtner of arsenal stand dejected after the fifth city goal . ' we lost that a bit , what is the intention of argument . it 's really important , not only in general , but in a footballer 's life . it has to get louder sometimes . we need to discuss , to find solutions , to get everyone in one direction . ' this season is very different , with an in-form arsenal closing in on manchester city in second and showing that they can compete for the premier league title. # champions league chasing rivals liverpool visit the emirates on saturday lunchtime , knowing that nothing less than a win is acceptable , after their disappointing home defeat to manchester united . arsenal face liverpool on saturday in a crucial clash for both sides for the champions league places .