what started out as a harmless april fools day prank turned out to be anything but funny when the joke resulted in a fire at an apartment near a college campus wednesday . units from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of grand valley state university in michigan after an april fools prank involving fireworks sent one apartment unit up in smoke , the holland sentinel reports . four girls live in apartment 4 of building b of the campus west apartments . fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate ; the firework landed in a laundry hamper , setting the contents on fire . april fools : an april fools day prank went horribly wrong when a joke involving fireworks led to an apartment fire ( photographed ) near grand valley state university in michigan . fireworks : fire officials said one of the apartment building 's residents threw a lit firework at a roommate ; the firework landed in a laundry hamper , setting the contents on fire . no one was hurt , fox reports , and the girl is not expected to face charges . one of the girls ' neighbors , addison walstra , 19 , told the sentinel that her neighbors came to her apartment and she had given them a fire extinguisher -- the units are not required to have fire extinguishers because they are townhomes . ' the fire was too big for [ the extinguisher ] so they told us to get out and then we knocked on everybody else 's doors to get them out as well , ' walstra said , describing the moment her neighbors returned to her apartment to tell her they could not put out the fire . firefighters arrived at around 9.30am and the building was evacuated . the fire was contained to the upper-level of the building , the sentinel reports . contained : firefighters arrived at around 9.30am and the building was evacuated ; he fire was contained to the upper-level of the building . damage : allison mitchell ( photographed ) , who lives in a neighboring apartment , said her room had smoke damage . capt . dave pelton with the allendale fire rescue said firewalls prevented the fire from spreading to neighboring apartments and fox reports that the fire was extinguished at around 9.45am . ' [ the residents ] were lucky , we had a great response and everyone was able to make it out safely , ' pelton told mlive . sarah long , who lives in a neighboring apartment told mlive that she heard the smoke alarm and someone crying before residents told her and her roommates to leave the building . ' it 's just an april fools gone wrong.. ' long said . ' it was supposed to be funny , and , now it 's not . ' the apartment residents are allowed to return to two of the six apartments in the building , wood-tv reports . the remaining students , except for apartment 4 's residents , are expected to be able to return later wednesday . return : no one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges ; all students , except for apartment 4 's residents , are expected to be able to return to the apartments wednesday .   