edmund echukwu collapsed in a swimming pool and died at a 007-themed sex party last friday . the man who died in a swimming pool at a swingers ' party in an upmarket village has been named as a father-of-three . edmund echukwu , 35 , was pulled from the water at a james bond-themed sex party at a £3million mansion in radlett , hertfordshire last friday night . fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at watford general hospital after emergency services were called . it is believed mr echukwu is a nigerian from north london who was at his first swingers ' party at the eight-bedroom house . mr echukwu 's neighbour in edgware , margaret brown , paid tribute to him today . mrs brown , 67 , said : ' i 'm devastated . he was such a sweet guy . i remember i used to talk to him a lot of the time . ' he kept himself to himself , but he used to talk to me and was very friendly . i think he was going through a difficult time . ' he was just such a gentle person . - i ca n't believe this has happened . sometimes he would help me look after my disabled husband . ' mrs brown said she believed mr echukwu was a care worker . she said she knew he had two sons from a previous relationship , but did n't see them very often . she added : ' he was a good-looking guy , and he always looked really slick . ' mr echukwu had told others at the party he had three children , but there was no suggestion he was married , it was reported this morning . a 35-year-old man , named today as edmund echukwu , died during a sex party at this house in hertfordshire . witnesses said mr echukwu was in the water with a woman when he started getting into difficulties . he wrote about his love of football and described himself as an ' evil genius ' on twitter , according to the sun newspaper . a post mortem examination is due to be held today , after which a coroner will open an inquest into his death . the party was one of the regular swingers ' events put on by retired management consultant richard stanley , 66 , and his partner janet harrison , 58 . mr stanley said : ' i heard a shout and ran over . i dived in fully clothed , pausing only to take my iphone out of my pocket . he was enormously heavy . ' three of the guys pulled him out , with me pushing him from behind . they put him straight into the cpr position and tried to revive him . one of the guests was a qualified nurse . ' the death happened at a swingers party run by richard stanley and janet harrison , pictured in a channel 4 documentary . mr stanley said the death may have been caused by a heart attack . the mansion 's owners say the pool complies with all health and safety rules and has been inspected . mr stanley added : ' i got straight on to 999 . the call operator gave very clear instructions , which i shouted to the team performing cpr . we kept doing that until the ambulance arrived . ' then the police turned up – there were about a dozen officers in total by the end of the night . after interviewing various people , the inspector said to me , ' this is a non-suspicious death ' . it may well be that he had a heart attack . ' he said guests brought their own alcohol to the parties and mr echukwu had ' severely dented a bottle of jack daniel 's ' . a woman who was in the pool with mr echukwu was left distraught by what happened , witnesses said . the event on friday night featured 007 references including a roulette wheel , a woman covered in gold paint inspired by goldfinger and chocolate replicas of the weapon from the man with the golden gun . the property features a converted attic which mr stanley calls the ' dungeon in the sky ' .