liverpool boss brendan rodgers vowed not to give up on champions league qualification after a convincing 2-0 win over newcastle . the reds moved within four points of the barclays premier league top four after goals from raheem sterling and joe allen saw off the struggling magpies at anfield . with fading champions manchester city now looking vulnerable in fourth , liverpool 's hopes - which took a hefty blow in back-to-back losses to manchester united and arsenal - could have been reignited . raheem sterling wheels away in celebration after scoring liverpool 's opener . rodgers said : ' the players and myself are very motivated to do the best we can . we have shown we can put results together consistently . we have important players coming back which is good news . ' but we are looking for other teams to slip up and we have to continue winning . ' there are teams above us but , as we have seen last year , there can be changes and points dropped and i think there will be changes . ' sterling curls the ball in to the far corner of tim krul 's net to give liverpool the lead . liverpool , inspired by philippe coutinho , started superbly with sterling scoring after nine minutes and several other chances being created . newcastle rallied before the break and had a strong penalty appeal turned down but allen made the game safe in the second half . rodgers said : ' it was a good performance . i thought that our attacking play was very bright , we looked exciting going forward , we worked hard in the midfield . sterling 's shot nestles in to the back of the net as krul picks himself up from anfield turf . ' at times our possession could have been better but we had a real attacking intent and created chances and could have scored more goals . ' the defeat was newcastle 's fifth in succession and left them with work still to do to ensure they do not get pulled into the relegation battle . their misery was compounded when moussa sissoko was sent off for what was deemed a second yellow card offence , when he caught lucas leiva on the ankle . manager john carver admitted sissoko could easily have been shown a straight red , however . allen secured three points for liverpool that narrowed the gap on manchester city . he said : ' the sending off , it could have been a straight red , i will be honest . i have said that to moussa , i am quite straight and i wo n't defend anyone if it is indefensible . ' asked if sissoko could be fined , carver said : ' i am sure there will be some kind of disciplinary procedure . i said before the game we needed to keep 11 players . ' while carver did not complain about that decision , he was angry that ayoze perez did not earn a penalty after apparently being felled by dejan lovren . he said : ' the game hinged on a huge decision . i do n't want to be seen to be a moaner but it is fact we do n't get big decisions for whatever reasons , it could be me . i have spoken to the referee , but it does n't help me . ' lovren clears the ball with his head as lucas and perez also scrap for the ball . carver did see reason for some optimism , feeling that his side 's performance was much improved from their derby loss to sunderland last time out . he said : ' i thought the first nine minutes we were very tentative , nervous after our performance against sunderland . it was a bad goal to concede . ' after that we grew into the game . it is easy to crumble at anfield but we did n't . one or two guys rolled their sleeves up . ' i think we got a response . we did n't get a result but i saw enough . ' there are lot of positives to take from the game . a lot of people expected us to get a hiding and i think we held our own for the majority of the game . ' 