a massive extension of margaret thatcher’s landmark right-to-buy housing policy will be announced by david cameron today . in a bold pitch to blue collar voters who delivered lady thatcher’s three election victories , the prime minister will call the tories ‘ the party of working people’ . he will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home . scroll down for video . thatcher 's plan : prime minister david cameron will announce an extension of the right-to-buy scheme which will allow all 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home . the subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant . mr cameron will borrow a phrase used by mrs thatcher in her first speech as party leader to declare the ‘ dream of a property-owning democracy is alive – and we will fulfil it’ . ‘ the next conservative government will extend the right-to-buy to all housing association tenants in this country – 1.3million extra families – a new generation given the security of a home of their own , ’ he will say . mr cameron is also expected to promise to link the minimum wage to increases in the income tax allowance – meaning more than a million workers on £6.50 an hour will pay no tax at all . original plan : the right-to-buy scheme became lady thatcher’s most famous single policy . launching his party’s election manifesto , the prime minister will urge voters not to risk a change of government : ‘let’s not waste the past five years . ‘ now is not a time to put it all at risk , but to build on the progress we have made . ' we are the party of working people . so if you want a more secure britain , if you want a brighter future for your family , and for you , then together , let’s build on what we’ve done – and see this through . ’ the pledge to extend right-to-buy , which was introduced in 1980 but has now been stopped in its tracks by labour in wales and the snp in scotland , will delight the tory faithful , who were buoyed last night by a six-point poll lead over labour . senior figures , including iain duncan smith , boris johnson and david davis , have been calling for the measure to be at the heart of the party’s manifesto . the original right-to-buy saw more than 1.5million council homes being sold off at discounted rates . leading to a surge in home ownership , it became lady thatcher’s most famous single policy . the coalition government has already increased right-to-buy discounts for council homes , meaning more are moving into the private sector . but most tenants living in homes provided by housing associations – not-for-profit bodies that have gradually replaced councils as the main providers of social housing – do not qualify . enabling them to buy their homes is expected to require major changes to the 1996 housing act , and is likely to be fiercely opposed by housing associations themselves . as well as promoting home ownership , the scheme could also dramatically reduce the vast housing benefit bill . promises : the prime minister , pictured posing for a selfie as he campaigned in alnwick on monday , will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties , should the tories win the election . currently , taxpayers subsidise the housing costs of many unemployed and lower paid workers who live in housing association properties . the 1.3million housing association homes are occupied by 2.75million people . ‘ at the heart of this manifesto is a simple proposition . we are the party of working people , offering you security at every stage of your life , ’ mr cameron will say today . ‘ if you’re a young person looking for training , if you’re looking for a decent job , if you want to buy your own home , if you’re raising a family and need help with childcare , if you fall ill , and need to rely on our nhs , if you are reaching retirement , and want real security . we are there for you – offering security at every stage of your life . ’ some labour figures , including former welfare minister frank field and former cabinet minister alan milburn , have previously championed the idea of extending the right-to-buy to housing associations . ruth davison , of the national housing federation , which represents housing associations , said : ‘ extending right-to-buy to housing associations is the wrong solution to our housing crisis . while extending right-to-buy will see some people being able to buy their own home with help from the taxpayer , these are people already living in good secure homes on some of the country’s cheapest rents . ’ how does right-to-buy work ? introduced in 1980 , it gives council house tenants discounts to buy their home . labour dropped its opposition to the policy but , in 1999 , tony blair’s government cut the top discount from £50,000 to £38,000 and sales slowed . what has the coalition done ? it has sought to reinvigorate the scheme , cutting from five to three the number of years tenants need to have been in a home before they can buy it and upping the discounts to a maximum of £77,000 for most areas . are housing association tenants covered ? housing associations – autonomous , not-for-profit bodies that receive public money and loans from the private sector to provide low-cost homes – are largely exempt . however , around 800,000 ha tenants have a limited ‘ right to acquire’ with discounts capped at between £9,000 to £16,000 . the other 500,000 tenants lack any right to buy . what are the tory proposals ? they would legislate to give all housing association tenants full right-to-buy . tenants in houses would get a 35 per cent discount , increasing by 1 per cent for every extra year they have been a tenant . those in flats will get a 50 per cent discount , going up 2 per cent every year . discounts for houses and flats would be capped at the lower of 70 per cent or £102,700 in london and £77,000 across the rest of england . how will this be paid for ? the tories say they will make councils sell off expensive properties when they become vacant . council homes that rank in the most costly third of all properties of that type in their area will be sold off . around 15,000 such properties become vacant each year , because tenants die or move . the sell-off could net £4.5billion a year . what about the proceeds ? they will be split , with a proportion used to replace on a ‘one-to-one’ basis the council homes sold off . the new properties would be more affordable , probably in less expensive locations , and could be built either by a council or housing association . another slice of the proceeds would be used to fund the new right-to-buy discounts for housing association tenants . the rest would go to create a £1billion fund , enabling councils to bid for cash to develop brownfield land for housing . it would enable them to clean up derelict or contaminated land , and could lead to 400,000 new homes in five years , tories say .