despite being fierce rivals , apple and samsung have a somewhat symbiotic relationship when it comes to manufacturing their handsets . now it has been reported that the korean tech giant will be the main supplier of the a9 chips in apple 's upcoming iphone range . although this is n't the first time samsung has manufactured parts for iphones , it signals that the frosty partnership between the two may be thawing . samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the a9 chips in apple 's upcoming iphone range . samsung has previously supplied apple with various iphone parts , but following legal disputes , apple shifted away from its rival and signed a monopoly deal with taiwan semiconductor manufacturing ( tsmc ) in 2013 . apple relies heavily on other firms to produce the various components it uses in its iphones and ipads . and for years , samsung was a dominant member of this group . it produced the flash and working memory in the iphone 4 , for example , and was a substantial apple chip partner until 2013 . however , following legal disputes , apple shifted away from samsung and signed a deal with taiwan semiconductor manufacturing ( tsmc ) to produce the a7 seen in the iphone 5s . samsung has announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015 . a rising demand for memory chips is said to be helping offset a slump in the firm 's smartphone sales . during a call on tuesday , the electronics giant estimated an operating profit of 5.9 trillion won ( $ 5.4 billion/£3.6 million ) between january and march . this beat analyst expectations and was up 11.5 per cent from the previous quarter . but this forecast was down 30.5 per cent from a year ago . it did n't cut samsung off completely , though , and around 40 per cent of chips in the iphone 6 are still made by the korean giant or partners . but by handing the monopoly to tsmc , it directly affected samsung 's business . reports of the a9 deal first appeared last year when a ' source familiar with the deal ' told the korea times : ' apple has designated samsung as the primary supplier of its next chips powering ios devices from 2016 . ' the deal is said to be worth ' billions of dollars . ' from next year , this report continued samsung will supply 80 per cent of apple 's supply of application processors , with tsmc supplying the remaining 20 per cent . samsung then confirmed it was planning to mass produce its latest chips later this year . the korean firm recently partnered with new york-based semiconductor experts globalfoundries . it was said to be this deal that appealed to apple because it will help samsung meet the demand for apple 's chips globally , and lets globalfoundries use samsung 's latest technology patents . as part of this deal , bloomberg said samsung will start making the a9 at its giheung plant in south korea , with additional orders going to globalfoundries . reports of the a9 deal first appeared last year when a ' source familiar with the deal ' told the korea times that apple had designated samsung as the primary supplier of its next ios chip in 2016 . samsung will supply 80 % of apple 's supply of application processors , with tsmc supplying the remaining 20 % earlier today , samsung announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015 thanks to a rising demand for memory chips . but profits are predicted to be 30.5 % down compared to this time last year . this follows news samsung is facing a ' bendgate ' controversy after a video showed its s6 bending and shattering . earlier today samsung announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015 . a rising demand for memory chips is said to be helping offset a slump in the firm 's smartphone sales , but profits are predicted to be 30.5 per cent down compared to this time last year . this follows news samsung is facing a ' bendgate ' controversy , after famously mocking apple when it emerged its iphone 6 plus could bend out of shape in people 's pockets . a video from warranty firm squaretrade shows the galaxy s6 edge bending under similar pressure as the iphone 6 . but , more importantly , the screen on the s6 edge shattered during this test , while apple 's did n't . this led to samsung releasing its own video , demonstrating a three-point bend test on both its galaxy s6 models . ' we are confident that all our smartphones are not bendable under daily usage , ' the company said in a statement . squaretrade found that the galaxy s6 edge bends and shatters under 110lbs ( 50kg ) of pressure . it also tested the htc one m9 both deformed and broke at 120lbs ( 54kg ) . samsung added that the test done by squaretrade ' does not show the strength of the back side ' and it has now asked squaretrade to do the test again on both the front and back sides of the device . apple had to go to similar lengths during its own ' bendgate ' crisis , by allowing reporters into its labs to showcase iphone 6 plus durability tests . the teardown shows , from the front , the screen , logic board holder , battery , logic board with processor , camera , rear case and antenna . it is a fascinating view of exactly what goes into a modern smartphone - and how samsung does business . the chipworks site has posted this amazing image revealing the internals of the firm 's galaxy s6 , which goes on sale on april 10th . the internals reveal samsung used more of its own chips to power the new galaxy s6 smartphone than it did for the predecessor s5 , according to an early teardown report , in a blow to u.s. chip supplier qualcomm . samsung is not only using its own exynos mobile processor , as had been widely reported , but also decided to rely on its in-house semiconductor business to source other parts , including the modem and power management integrated circuit chips , ottawa-based consultancy chipworks said . samsung is counting on its new flagship galaxy s6 and s6 edge phones to help revive earnings momentum after a disappointing 2014 . strong sales of system chips such as its exynos processor could also help boost earnings , analysts and investors say . the galaxy s6 also comes with samsung 's shannon modem chip , u.s. phone carrierat & t said on its website . 