german chancellor angela merkel did not look too pleased about the weather during her annual easter holiday in italy . as britain basks in sunshine and temperatures of up to 21c , mrs merkel and her husband , chemistry professor joachim sauer , had to settle for a measly 12 degrees . the chancellor and her spouse have been spending easter on the small island of ischia , near naples in the mediterranean for over a decade . not so sunny : angela merkel and her husband , chemistry professor joachim sauer , are spotted on their annual easter trip to the island of island of ischia , near naples . the couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star miramare spa hotel on the south of the island , which comes with its own private beach , and balconies overlooking the ocean . guests are also given exclusive use of the aphrodite apollon thermal gardens spa centre which has 12 natural thermal pools , a naturally heated sauna and a gym . prices start at £160 per night but can go up to £280 for some of the more expensive suites . due to the lack of sunshine , mrs merkel has reportedly avoided the pool and lounges , and instead been enjoying pilates classes . the couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star miramare spa hotel on the south of the island . healthy holiday : the german chancellor has reportedly hired a private pilates instructor and enjoying vegetarian meals at the five-star hotel where she stays . luxury stay : prices at the five-star miramare spa hotel start at £160 per night but can go up to £280 for some of the more expensive suites . the german chancellor has hired a personal pilates trainer who will be working with her during the couple 's holiday , italian media reports . she is also said to have spent time in the spa 's thermal baths and enjoyed healthy vegetarian dinners in the hotel restaurant , the newspaper said . mrs merkel 's husband , a professor of theoretical chemistry , is rarely seen alongside her and has shunned the limelight throughout their marriage . mr sauer never speaks to the media and famously skipped her inauguration in 2005 , instead watching the event on tv at his berlin university .