this incredible video shows the stomach-churning moment a man performed surgery on himself at the top of the mountain using items from his first aid kit . the russian man , who was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains , found himself injured and unable to continue the ascent . it is believed the man , whose nickname is ' che ' , was struck by a huge falling icicle , causing a collection of blood under the skin called a haemotoma . the blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising , leaving him in pain and unable to walk . scroll down for video : viewers must be aware the footage contains extremely graphic content . a russian hiker performed surgery on himself at the top of some snow-covered mountains using only items in his first aid kit . the man was struck by a falling icicle ( he is pictured pointing to it with his stick ) which caused a blood clot and a swelling in his leg which left him unable to walk . in order to get back down to the city at the foot of the mountains , he decided to perform surgery on himself while lying in the snow . speaking in russian in the video , he said : ‘ if you mountain climb , fish or hunt , you must be ready for difficulties and think of safety . ' the insignificant trauma can cause serious problems if you don’t take the right actions . ’ carrying out the operation - with some surgical instruments he had in his backpack - was ‘ the most reasonable and effective action’ , he said . viewers must be aware the footage contains extremely graphic content . first , he decides to use snow as an anaesthetic , and rubs it on his leg to numb the injury . then , he burns a scalpel on a gas torch in order to make it sterile . ‘ now it is possible to start the operation , ’ he explains in the video . in the original film , which has been edited by mailonline , the man is seen making a deep incision into his leg with a scalpel , and blood is seen flowing out . he reaches into the cut with his fingers and scoops out the coagulated blood – almost black in colour – which had formed into a clot . with no sign of pain – or any emotion at all – he says : ‘ as you can see here it isn’t necessary for special anaesthesia , snow perfectly coped with this task . ’ he cleans away all the clotted blood , until fresh , red blood is seen . he then pours hydrogen peroxide on the wound to clean it , which fizzes and clears away the blood . hydrogen peroxide is commonly used as an antiseptic . the man decided to perform a procedure to remove the blood clot himself , rubbing snow on his leg as an anaesthetic . he used items in his first aid kit which included a gas lamp , a scalpel , surgical string , a needle holder and a curved needle as well as a hydrogen peroxide antiseptic . ‘ we consider that a tiny wound , we will sew it up now , ’ he said after wiping the cut clean with a tissue . using some surgical string , a needle holder and a curved needle , he then sews up the wound , creating large , rustic-looking stitches . once again , he comments on how remarkably unpainful the whole procedure has been . ‘ it is worth noticing that anaesthesia by means of snow is very effective . pain isn’t felt , ’ he tells the camera . wrapping a bandage around the wound , he stamps his leg on the snow to indicate he can walk again . ‘ operation is finished , ’ he declares . he cuts a deep incision in his own leg using a scalpel , which he sterilised by heating it with a gas lamp . using his own hands he scoops out blood which has coagulated and formed a clot , before sewing the wound up with surgical string . incredibly , ten days later the seams were removed and the wound healed completely , leaving barely any scar . two weeks later , he is seen casually sitting on an armchair in the snow , having completely recovered . ‘ i didn’t die of gangrene , ’ he exclaims , adding that wound did not become infected and there was no need to discharge any pus from it . incredibly , the seams were removed in ten days and the wound healed completely . the camera pans in on his leg and , amazingly , he was left with barely any scar . while others may have waxed lyrical about their ordeal , his concluding thoughts are that it is essential to have a surgical needle in one’s backpack . ‘ it is possible to use a sharp penknife instead of a scalpel and flat nose pliers instead of a needle-holder , ’ he said . ‘ but unfortunately it is difficult to replace a surgical needle with something else so i advise having it in the first-aid kit . ’ 