more than 30,000 cases of the country 's most popular hummus dip are being recalled after sabra , the manufacturer , said they could be contaminated with listeria . the company said the total number of containers in the recall comes to ' approximately 30,000 . ' only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company 's classic hummus . ' this measure is limited to five skus of classic hummus sold nationwide , ' sabra dipping co. said in a release . ' to date , no other sabra product is affected by this recall . ' scroll down to see the batches of hummus being recalled . listeria concerns have led to thousands of classic hummus containers being part of a voluntary recall , sabra dipping co. said monday . the company said that ' the potential for contamination was discovered when a routine , random sample collected at a retail location on march 30th , 2015 by the michigan department of agriculture and rural development , tested positive for listeria monocytogenes . ' the positive test happened at a kroger in port huron , michigan , a mdard spokeswoman told the detroit free press . the newspaper reported that michigan officials contacted both the fda and inspectors located in virginia . sabra has a production plant in virginia 's chesterfield county . sabra dipping co. said that customers will be refunded if they return the products to stores . both supermarkets and food service accounts had received products , the company said . the company said ' listeria monocytogenes is an organism , which can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , frail or elderly people , and others with weakened immune systems . ' although healthy individuals may suffer only short-term symptoms such as high fever , severe headache , stiffness , nausea , abdominal pain and diarrhea , listeria infection can cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women . ' the company said it has so far not yet received any sickness reports . on its website , the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) says about 260 people are killed each year by listeriosis , and about 1600 people get sick . antibiotics are used on those who get listeriosis . prevention methods include rigorously washing both produce and kitchen equipment ; cleaning kitchen and food storage areas ; rigorously cooking poultry and meats ; storing food as soon as possible ; and avoiding both unpasteurized milk and food products that include it as an ingredient , according to the agency . for a full list of steps you can take to reduce the risk of listeriosis , visit the cdc 's website . the company said ' to date , there have been no reports indicating that these products have caused any illness ' ( file photo ) .  