these are the horrific injuries inflicted on a 21-year-old dancer who has been left ' unable to smile ' after a stranger smashed down her car window while she was sitting in a traffic jam . chloe knapton , from holmfirth , west yorkshire , had to have surgery after a man shattered her car window with a bottle , causing the broken glass to become embedded in her neck . ms knapton 's family has now released shocking photos which show the extent of the young woman 's injuries . chloe knapton , 21 ( pictured left ) has been left with horrific injuries and is ' unable to smile ' ( right ) after a stranger smashed down her car window while she was sitting in a traffic jam . the 21-year-old dancer has released shocking photos which show the extent of the young woman 's injuries . the incident took place when ms knapton was driving home from a night out on thursday last week . ms knapton was driving with her friend , who was in a separate car , when she came across a bike lying across the middle of the road . her friend stopped to get out of her vehicle to move the bike out of the way of traffic . but as she left the car , a man waiting at a nearby bus shelter came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle . the man then hurled abuse at the girl , before walking up to the ms knapton 's car and smashing the bottle against her window . ms knapton has been left with deep wounds to her shoulder , neck , nose and mouth following the attack . the impact caused glass to shatter all over ms knapton , leaving her with deep cuts to her face , neck and shoulders . the glass bottle even became embedded in her neck . after ms knapton was attacked , she managed to drive to a friend 's house nearby where she called 999 . she was then rushed to leeds general infirmary where she underwent surgery for her injuries . she was also given several stitches on both sides of her lips and made to stay in hospital for three days . her mother allyson also revealed that she can no longer smile because of the stitches around her mouth . she said : ' she ca n't smile . she ca n't eat so she has liquid food . ' they were extremely deep wounds to her shoulder and a two or three inch wound to her neck , which was embedded with bottle . ' among her injuries , ms knapton was also left with a deep cut to her shoulder , a deep wound to her neck and cuts between her nose and mouth . she also lost a tooth . mrs knapton added that her daughter had been ' incredibly brave ' . she said : ' she was so brave . the ambulance did not arrive for an hour and 15 minutes . it was ridiculous . there was pools of blood on the pavement . ' she was taken to leeds general infirmary . there was glass everywhere . she has had to have stitches on both sides of her lips , inside and out , and round her nose . ms knapton ( pictured left and right ) had to be rushed to leeds general infirmary where she underwent surgery for her injuries . she was also given several stitches and made to stay in hospital for three days . the attack took place when ms knapton stopped on new road in holmfirth , west yorkshire ( pictured ) to remove a bike out of her way . ' she had three different lots of surgery and also needs dental treatment as one of teeth has gone too . ' ms knapton , an aspiring cruise ship dancer , runs her own dance school , kt academy in holmfirth . she has received hundreds of messages of support from her friends and colleagues . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .