a boyfriend said he ' thought ' he had to kill six members of his girlfriend 's family during a christmas eve dinner as he took to the stand in a bid to avoid the death penalty . joseph mcenroe , 36 , from carnation , washington , was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007 by a jury last week . the same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole . scroll down for video . joseph mcenroe , 36 , from carnation , washington , ( pictured in court on thursday ) who murdered six members of his girlfriend 's family on christmas eve , 2007 , is testifying in the penalty phase of his trial in a bid to avoid the death penalty . in an attempt to spare his life , mcenroe told the court on thursday he ' thought ' he had to kill wayne anderson , 60 , and judy anderson , 61 ; their son and daughter-in-law scott and erica anderson , both 32 ; and the younger couple’s children olivia , 5 , and nathan , 3 . the court heard that mcenroe and his girlfriend michele anderson gunned them down and then hid their bodies in a shed behind the house . ' i know that’s not a good excuse ' he said . 'i’m not trying to excuse myself . i’m trying to explain my actions . ' there is no question i did these awful things . i thought i had to . ' during his testimony , according to kiro-tv , he claimed he was abused as a child at the hands of his unstable mother and her boyfriends . wayne and judy anderson ( pictured ) were the first to be killed by joseph mcenroe on christmas eve 2007 . mcenroe had been living with his girlfriend in a mobile home in the backyard at the time . erica and scott anderson ( pictured ) and their children were also shot and killed during the holiday gathering . according to the seattle times , he was constantly interrupted by the prosecutor or court reporter , asking him to speak up or slow down . at one point he started giggling and had to apologize to the court room for his ' terrible ' speech impediment . he added : ' i did not do this because i wanted to . i was trying to protect michele . i was completely wrong . anderson had been living in a mobile home with mcenroe on her parents ' property and prosecutors said the couple was upset michele 's parents did not pay their rent . the defense called dr donald dutton , a professor of psychology at the university of british columbia , who said mcenroe was a victim of ' folie à deux . ' michele anderson , mcenroe 's girlfriend , is set to stand trial for the brutal killings later this year . court hearings have been delayed because of concerns over her mental capacity . because he had shared a home with anderson , dutton explained , mcenroe had become to believe her claims she had been sadistically abused by her father . anderson will face trial for the killings later this year , but court hearings have been delayed over questions regarding her mental competency and whether she is fit to stand trial . if the jury decides on the death penalty , mcenroe would be the first person sentenced to death in king county since 2010 . there is currently a moratorium on executions while washington governor jay inslee is in office . 