harry panayiotou has scooped the barclays premier league player of the month award after impressing for an in-form leicester city side in march . the striker , 20 , scored three goals , including those in impressive victories against sunderland and reigning champions chelsea , and has been chosen ahead of all the players in division 1 and 2 based on his performance statistics . panayiotou also netted a hat-trick in his third game for st kitts and nevis on international duty , and is looking to make an impression under nigel pearson at the king power stadium . sportsmail held an exclusive q & a with the forward after he found out about the accolade . harry panayiotou has scooped the barclays premier league u21 player of the month award for march . congratulations , harry . how would you describe your style of play at leicester ? hold up play , roll the defender . and i 've got a good burst of acceleration ! who do you look up to in the first team ? jeff ( schlupp ) . i grew up with jeff so to see him come through the youth ranks , he 's definitely my role model . do you train with them often ? i do , but not as much as i 'd like to . your record at leicester reads one game , one goal . how did that come about ? i was a first year and i scored 20 goals that season . they had nothing to play for [ against leeds ] so they chucked me up there , and i came on and scored ! how often do you speak to nigel pearson ? not too much this season , he 's a busy guy ! but when he has a chance to come talk to me , he comes and talks to me . is your goal to make it at leicester next season , or go out on loan ? i 'm leicester born and bred and my goal is to make the first team , that 's all i 've ever wanted to do , it 's not about going anywhere else to me . i 'd love for us to stay in the premier league , and i believe i can handle it . panayiotou hopes to make leicester city 's first team in the premier league and has grown up nearby . how do you relax away from football ? chill with my friends , i 'm around some really good people . on to that international hat-trick ... how did you get to play for st kitts ? my mum and grandma are from st kitts , and my grandma passed away when i was younger - so making the choice to play for them came from the heart . what was the reaction when you came back ? everyone 's jealous when i go away ( laughs ) , but they were still really happy . u21 manager steve [ beaglehole ] could n't stop looking at me for a week ! where did you play , and what was it like ? turks and caicos . it was really hot ! when you go to the caribbean , you either have to train at 7am or at night time . the players in the caribbean are much stronger and really quick , so you have to think quick - that 's all it is . some of them are n't the best players but they have certainly got a lot of strength so you 've got to adapt to that . any st kitts players you would tip to make it ? romaine sawyers from walsall , he 's technically brilliant . i think he 'll get a move this summer because he 's really good . and our captain is doing great with fc dallas in the mls right now , atiba harris . there 's a few others from england , who could definitely be higher up but they just have n't been seen . panayiotou posted this picture on twitter with the caption ' motherland ' while he was away on international duty . last album you listened to ? i went to the nicki minaj concert the other day [ in nottingham [ so has to be the pink print . last film ? fast and furious 7 ... emotional to be fair . last holiday ( apart from your international break ! ) ? egypt . a player you would tip to make it at leicester ? ben chilwell ( england u19 international ) . best advice you 've received from a first team player ? i remember andy king once speaking to me . he said when you come and make an impression , do n't worry about what anyone has to say and just make sure you 're seen . keep working hard , going to the gym , keep practicing . best player you 've ever played against ? sammy ameobi , he 's got great feet , we played him a tournament a couple of years ago . for how tall he is it 's actually amazing , and his finishing is on point ! what would you be doing if you were n't a footballer ? i 've always seen myself as a footballer . nothing else . maybe i 'd be in the caribbean , it 's just peaceful . the striker battles with everton 's ryan ledson during an under 21 premier league game in january . the award has been established to recognise the next generation of players coming through , coinciding with barclays ' own work to encourage the next generation of fans , which will see thousands of tickets and unique football experiences given away via the barclays spirit of the game website . a winner will be selected every month for the rest of the season , as well as the barclays under 21 premier league player of the season being unveiled in may .