they see less of leigh griffiths on the streets of leith now than they used to . he no longer plays for hibernian for a start . reinventing himself as celtic’s top scorer , the front-page headlines are also less evident . if no one imagines he now spends his days train-spotting , the nights seem a little quieter than they once were . leigh griffiths celebrates scoring his third goal of the afternoon against dundee united on sunday . hat-trick hero griffiths takes the ball home following his heroics against dundee at tannadice park . the 24-year-old ( left ) embraces his manager ronny deila after sunday 's convincing win . ‘ leigh used to put himself around in the leith area , ’ says tam currie , his former coach at boys club leith athletic . ‘ not that he was doing anything off limits . ‘ but i’ve not spoken to him in a good while . before you would see quite a bit of him round here . but we don’t see nearly as much of him now as we used to . ’ it may be a conscious thing . google the words ‘ leigh griffiths and controversy’ in the same search and there are more answers than pubs on leith walk . in football people talk and older , wiser colleagues and managers whispered of a player with a reputation for being unmanagable . ‘ there was never any doubt about the boy’s ability , ’ says former dundee manager gordon chisholm . ‘ it was the off-field stuff that concerned you . he was a young boy when i had him . he was quiet , withdrawn at times , and wasn’ t exactly the life and soul of the dressing room . ‘ he kept himself to himself - but he couldn’t get back to edinburgh quick enough . ‘ that seemed to be the case any time he got a day off . any spare time and he wanted back to leith to be with his mates , which probably wasn’t a good thing . 'i’m not sure he was doing the right kind of things . i’m sure he is now being guided by the celtic management team . ’ it has taken time , work and effort to get to a point where griffiths can now boast 14 goals in his last 17 games . griffiths celebrated his hat-trick with a trophy as he became celtic 's top scorer . griffiths caused a stir when he first arrived at hibernian but proved to be a fans favourite in the end . griffiths celebrates scoring the winning goal for hibs in the scottish cup semi-final in april 2013 . as a child , he stood out in edinburgh amateur football . but concerns about the impact of his formative years on the company he kept prompted hibs , his boyhood idols , to reject his talents . ‘it’s well known he could be a feisty character , ’ recalls tam currie , a leith athletic committee member . ‘ i go back with leigh to when he was 12 and he was a lad who had to be looked after . ‘ he came from a split family and you take on the role of social worker in that situation . but he was no different from the others in that regard . ‘ he was like any other young lad . he had his troubles with different folk and what not . ’ ‘ troubles with different folk’ is a polite way of summing up his career . boldly , neil lennon took a gamble on signing him for £900,000 in january 2014 . celtic supporters were underwhelmed . griffiths had accumulated yet more front-page cuttings from while on loan at hibernian from wolverhampton wanderers following a racism row on social media . the doubts over his perceived shortcomings as a human being were amplified when he returned to leith – where else ? – to attend an edinburgh derby as a hibs fan . he was in a pub where offensive chants about hearts and former tynecastle attacker rudi skacel were filmed and posted on the internet . in october , he will stand trial on offensive behaviour at football . when the legal action is concluded one way or the other the sfa will revisit charges of bringing the game into disrepute . griffiths was wolves leading goalscorer in january of last year , scoring 13 goals in all . that attracted interest from celtic though , with the scottish striker penning a four-year deal with the bhoys . the potential for embarrassment to celtic is apparent and , perhaps for that reason , lennon’s successor , ronny deila , appeared to make a judgement the player wasn’t worth the hassle . he was no one’s definition of a deila 24-hour athlete . yet the norwegian’s attitudes to griffiths began to soften when the player opted to drive three hours to play for celtic’s development team against sunderland of his own accord . within days he was back in the first team , scoring in a 2-1 defeat to dundee united at tannadice . in the five months since , he has usurped john guidetti in the starting xi and is now regarded as deila’s most potent attacker . ‘ he looks as if he has matured as a player , ’ adds chisholm , now a scout with sunderland . ‘ he never wanted to be an out-and-out striker when i had him at dundee . he always drifted out into wide areas . ‘ he still does that , but i think he has improved . his hold-up play and movement is better . ‘ he is playing with good quality players , getting better service and i am hopeful he has turned a corner now . ’ bolton and hibs wanted griffiths on loan in the last window . the court case notwithstanding , however , his no 28 celtic shirt looks a better fit now than it did even three months ago . ‘ he is silencing a few critics now , ’ says his former leith coach currie , with griffiths having grabbed his second hat-trick of the season against dundee united on sunday . ‘ the celtic supporters didn’t fancy him much . there were certainly a few doubters there . ‘ people here in this neck of woods was hoping he would end up back at hibs on loan . ‘i’m delighted for him it didn’t come to that because i don’t think it would have been a good move for his career . ‘ to be honest , i would take him over steven fletcher every time . ‘ he is a better striker . i used to see fletcher a lot when he played for hibs and , all round , leigh is a better player . ‘ i read he still has a trial to go through for the pub incident - but he knows now he has to be on his best behaviour . you have to be to be a celtic player . ‘i’ll tell him that if i see him again in leith . but it looks to me now like he has turned the corner . ’ 