' washington 's horribly broken , ' kentucky republican sen. rand paul said tuesday , but it came in the midst of a tv interview broken up by prickly moments and interruptions . paul , who launched his presidential campaign tuesday in louisville , kentucky , sparred with today host savannah guthrie about his past foreign policy positions . as guthrie rattled off a list of issues where she said the senator had flipped and flopped – iran , aid to israel and defense spending – a testy and impatient paul cut her off . ' why do n't we let me explain instead of talking over me , ok ? ' he griped . prickly : newly minted white house hopeful rand paul and nbc host savannah guthrie talked over each other on wednesday . paul , a libertarian-leaning kentucky senator , launched his presidential bid on tuesday in louisville . ' no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no ! ' listen , you 've editorialized , ' paul blasted at guthrie . ' before we go through a litany of things you say i 've changed on , why do n't you ask me a question : `` have i changed my opinion ? '' that would be sort of a better way to approach an interview . ' guthrie obliged , asking him if he had changed his views , but he charged ahead . ' no , no , you 've editorialized , ' paul said . ' no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no ! ' listen , you 've editorialized . let me answer a question ! you ask a question , and you say , `` have your views changed ? '' instead of editorializing and saying my views have changed . ' a spokesman for american bridge 21st century , a liberal opposition-research group , leaped on paul after the broadcast . ' rand paul ca n't seem to step in front of a camera without proving that shooting from the hip is a good way to shoot yourself in the foot , ' ben ray told daily mail online . ' he 's got miles to go before his ability catches up to his ambition , ' ray added . ' and judging by his temper , he knows it , too . ' when style gave way to substance on today , paul clarified that when he said in 2007 that iran was n't a threat to the united states , the world was different and he was n't yet a candidate for the senate . '2007 was a long time ago and events do change over long periods of time , ' he said . ' so we 're talking about 8 years ago . we 're talking about a time when i was n't running for office and i was helping someone else run for office . ' that ' someone else ' was his father , ron paul , a former congressman who ran for president three times but never grabed the brass ring . the elder paul was known for strictly non-interventionist views overseas in the face of growing threats abroad , a trap that his son has taken great pains to avoid . ' there has always been a threat around gaining nuclear weapons and that 's greater now than it was many years ago , ' he said wednesday . his troublesome 2007 moment came during an interview with conspiracy-theorist radio host alex jones . ' you know , it’s ridiculous to think they’re a threat to our national security , ' paul said then of iran . 'it’s not even that viable to say they’re a national threat to israel , ' he added later . ' most people say israel has 100 nuclear weapons , you know . ' on the today show , paul the younger avoided taking a stand on the nuclear agreement the white house says it has carved out with tehran 's mullahs . paul was joined by his wife kelley ashby on stage tuesday as he declared that he would campaign to ' take our country back ' . ' i 'm going to keep an open mind and look at the agreement , ' paul said , while allowing that ' i do believe that negotiation is better than war . ' he mirrored other republicans in questioning the ' sincerity of the iranians ' in reaching an agreement with the u.s. and five european nations . ' if they 're immediately saying that the agreement does n't mean what president obama says , that is a big problem , ' paul said . ' the iranians put out 500 words , the americans put out 1,300 words , the europeans put out 200 words . and they do n't all seem to agree , but it 's very , very little information so far . ' he defended his position on foreign aid , saying that even israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has agreed that his country should one day shake off its dependence on america to fund its defense program . ' i still agree with my original precept , which is – lem me answer the question ! – i still agree with my original statement from years ago that ultimately all nations should be free of foreign aid , ' he said , ' because we should n't borrow money to do it . ' ' but my opinion 's not any different than netanyahu 's opinion . ' the paul campaign did not respond to a request for comment no whether or not guthrie gave him a fair interview .   