even when the cricket is torpid and the scoring rate is barely more than two an over , life with england will never be dull while ben stokes is around . stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second test as england strove to set up the victory that is essential to their wellbeing . first the durham all-rounder injured himself , then he struck immediately when he came on to bowl and finally became embroiled in a heated dispute with marlon samuels that led to him being admonished by umpire steve davis . all in a day’s work for a gifted cricketer who looks destined to endure as many lows as he does highs in what is shaping up to be an eventful career . stokes athletically fields a shot from samuels off his own bowling at the grenada national stadium in saint george 's . australian umpire steve davis reprimands england 's ben stokes after he exchanged words with marlon samuels . stokes went wicketless in 32 overs in the first test , even throwing away a dismissal for the second time by overstepping , and ended up in a strident twitter debate with his critics . here he slipped on the greasy outfield and twisted his body in a manner that had anyone who saw simon jones suffer serious injury in brisbane in 2002 holding their breath . thankfully stokes was able to continue after treatment but was still feeling the injury when he came on to bowl , with england battling for the wickets they desperately needed to justify alastair cook’s decision to insert west indies . it clearly did not hinder him . stokes struck with his second ball , forcing shiv chanderpaul to steer loosely to point and open the door for england to take command of this test and the series . kraigg brathwaite is first to fall as james anderson bowls the west indies opener with a massive in-swinger . ben stokes races in to celebrate with anderson after the opening bowler makes the breakthrough with a sensational delivery . anderson 's 84mph huge in-swinger bamboozled brathwaite ( left ) and the batsman falls over having played a line way outside off stump . replays show devon smith clearly misses the ball before being dismissed caught behind off chris jordan . smith declines his option to review the decision which would have likely been reversed with hotspot not available in this test series . smith is given out as england players celebrate their second wicket of a rain-shortened first session . it was just what cook needed from a gifted but raw all-rounder who seemingly will always flirt with the self-destruct button but who has the ability to become a key figure in england’s future . when he scored an ashes century in the most difficult of circumstances in perth he was a rare ray of light in a lamentable series and looked destined to bat at no 6 for england and act as an attacking fourth seamer for the next 10 years . yet just a few months later he was putting himself out of the world twenty20 by punching a locker in frustration in barbados at the start of a nightmare run of form with both bat and ball for england . it did not get any better when stokes regained fitness and he was so out of touch that england , having moved him up and down the batting order , left him out of their doomed world cup campaign . now he is back he should become a fixture but already , with moeen ali returning after injury , he has lost his no 6 position again despite impressing in antigua by taking the attack to west indies . there were times on tuesday night when bayern munich seemed to be scoring at a faster rate than west indies . this was a day for the purist , a stultifying example of modern-day caribbean cricket where there is far more life in the stands than in the pitches . bayern may have hit six in the champions league but there was never any danger of a six being hit in the 70 overs that were possible here . the atmosphere was made for swing bowling but the 22 yards of dirt masquerading as a cricket pitch did not assist the england attack one bit . it was jimmy anderson , fresh from breaking sir ian botham’s record to become england’s leading wicket-taker in test cricket , who began the day by producing an unplayable inswinger to demolish kraigg brathwaite . at that stage english hopes were high that anderson would run through west indies . sadly for them it was not that simple . england were helped by a couple of caribbean rushes of blood , but devon smith for one can justifiably feel very hard done by . the first grenadian to play test cricket on his home island was given out by australian umpire davis for what seemed a regulation edge after smith had played a wild shot at chris jordan . trouble was , replays showed smith was nowhere near it and the sound that both davis and presumably he heard was his bat hitting the ground . a review would have surely led to smith’s reinstatement even though there is no hotspot or snicko here to attempt to provide conclusive proof of an umpiring mistake . but smith did not call on technology . neither darren bravo nor chanderpaul will be happy with the strokes that cost them their wickets and at 74 for four west indies were teetering . yet samuels , despite being dropped by cook off jordan on 32 , and jermaine blackwood made life hard again with the help of that annoying 22 yards of turf . jordan celebrates his first wicket of this match , devon smith , as the west indies went to lunch 36 for two . west indies batsman jermaine blackwood leaps as he avoids a bouncer from the bowling of anderson . marlon samuels flashes a drives through the covers which alastair cook has no interest in being collected by as he jumps out of the way . samuels hits moeen ali , who came in for james tredwell , through the covers as cook leaps out of the way . umpire davis had another uncomfortable moment when he ruled blackwood not out when jordan , who would have been the man to miss out had england plumped for a second spinner here in adil rashid , appealed loudly for lbw . england decided to review and the ball was found to be hitting . but cook’s miss of samuels began to look costly when he opened his shoulders in partnership with denesh ramdin after taking 141 balls to reach 50 . the calm was broken when samuels , who has a far better record against england than any other team and names nasser hussain as his ultimate batting hero , wound up stokes , who had been sledging him constantly . it ended with stokes throwing wildly in an attempt to run out samuels and conceding overthrows . the spiky jamaican ended unbeaten on 94 with west indies reaching 188 for five on a truncated day . darren bravo got a start of 35 from 81 balls before he was caught at first slip by cook off the bowling of broad to put the windies 65-3 . bravo shows his frustration after edging a routine delivery from broad outside off stump , which followed some loose bowling . england celebrate the key wicket of west indies most experienced batsman shivnarine chanderpaul cheaply for one . cook is on his hands and knees after dropping a catch from the edge of marlon samuels , who put up the greatest resistance for the hosts . samuels finds himself on his back after a bouncer from stuart broad , who was criticised for bowling too short on day one . stokes overcame an injury scare after falling awkwardly but required a period of treatment from the england medical staff on the field .