changes : mark dawe , head of the ocr exam board , said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests - and compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam . an exam board boss has today been accused of ' dumbing down standards ' after suggesting students should be allowed to use google in their gcse and a-level exams . mark dawe , head of the oxford , cambridge and rsa examinations board ( ocr ) , said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests - and compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam . he said most pupils now learn through search engines anyway – and teachers should test how students interpret answers , rather than how they find them . today chris mcgovern , chairman of the campaign for real education , said the idea would lead to a ' dumbing down of standards ' . he told bbc radio 4 's today programme : ' it 's a nonsense . ' we have a crisis in standards in this country . we are three years behind the chinese at the age of 15 , we have got universities running remedial courses . ' we have got employers saying too many youngsters are unemployable . ' and here we have the ocr board saying `` let 's dumb things down '' . row : education campaigners say that this would send standards plummeting and said exams are about knowledge not hunting for information . ranking : according to the latest oecd international rankings on education , from 2013 , the uk is behind much poorer countries including lithuania , latvia and hungary . ' you can have an exam on how to use google , but that is not the same as having a history or geography exam . ' exams should be about knowledge and understanding . it includes knowledge , therefore we do have to test what children are carrying the in their heads . ' it would damage the board 's credibility , he insisted , because ' sensible people ' want their children to take proper exams . mr dawe told the programme that the arguments were the same used in relation to allowing calculators in maths exams . he added : ' you do need to have a base understanding of things . ' actually , one of the most important things is about understanding what comes up on google or some search engine . ' it is about understanding the tools they have got available and how to utilise those . ' i think that is a very rich way of learning and a very rich way of assessing . ' that is relevant , that is what they will be doing in working life . ' he said google could be allowed on some papers but not others , depending on the type of questions being asked . ' you ask different questions and it is about interpretation , ' he added . ' it 's about discussion , it is about application . ' he said he could not see google coming in any time soon but suggested it was ' certainly inevitable ' longer term .