south korean prosecutors on wednesday indicted a man who slashed the u.s. ambassador in seoul last month on charges of attempted murder . kim ki-jong , 55 , was also indicted wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction , according to an official at the seoul central district prosecutors ' office , who did not want to be named , citing department rules . on monday , the recovering diplomat , mark lippert , was pictured out on the streets of seoul flanked by five bodyguards . his left hand is still in a cast from the attack . south korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days , and there is a possibility that it could start as early as next week , according to an official at the seoul central district court , who did n't want to be named , citing office rules . he said it was too early to comment on the potential penalties kim could face . us ambassador mark lippert was pictured with five bodyguards on wednesday , following the attack that left his arm in a cast . lippert required 80 stitches to close up the wounds on his hand , arm and face that he sustained from the anti-us activist . victim : u.s . ambassador to south korea mark lippert , pictured on march 10 , was allegedly slashed by kim ki-jong at a breakfast forum on march 5 . charged : south korean maverick political activist kim ki-jong , who faces possible attempted murder charges after slashing us ambassador mark lippert , as he leaves a police station for a court in seoul on march 6 . alleged attacker : kim ki-jong is pictured being arrested at the site where u.s . ambassador to south korea mark lippert was attacked on march 5 , 2015 in seoul , south korea . prosecutors have also been investigating whether kim violated a controversial law that bans praise or assistance for north korea . the court official said it was possible prosecutors may add such charges against kim during the trial . police say kim attacked ambassador mark lippert with a knife during a breakfast forum on march 5 . he suffered deep gashes on his face and arm and was treated at a seoul hospital for five days . lippert , 42 , was bleeding from deep wounds to his face and wrist but was able to walk after the attack . doctors said later his condition was stable after ' very successful ' surgery that required 80 stitches in his face as the white house expressed optimism for his quick return to his duties . police say kim chose lippert as a target to highlight his opposition to ongoing u.s.-south korean military drills . north korea has angrily reacted to the drills , calling them an invasion rehearsal . anti-u.s. activists such as kim have long blamed the presence of 28,500 u.s. troops stationed in the south as a deterrent to the north for the continuing split of the korean peninsula . in 2010 , kim tried to attack the japanese ambassador to south korea by throwing a piece of concrete and was given a suspended jail term , according to police . after the attack : kim ki-jong during his arrest after he allegedly attacked ambassador lippert with a razor blade to protest the presence of 28,500 u.s. troops stationed in south korea . watchdog organization : kim ji-jong reportedly identified himself as a representative for a watchdog organization of the disputed island dokdo/takeshima and was arrested immediately on site .