gone are the days when eileen dover was considered an unfortunate name , with celebrity culture booming like never before , sharing a name with a star can be pretty unlucky , too . something that new york resident beyoncé knows about all too well . no , not the legendary singer but another woman who says having the same name as the wife of jay-z has caused her grief her entire life . humans of new york photographer shared this image of a ny resident whose name is beyoncé . the photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name . in a post that has now gone viral on facebook , beyonce says : ' sometimes i hate my name because it always draws attention to me , and i 'm not a very social person . ' my family moved this year from pennsylvania . i was so scared the first day of school that someone would notice me . i would n't even adjust my seat because i thought it would make a noise . one time i really had to cough , but i held it in . this was followed with thousands of facebook comments from users who suffer from the very same problem . all expressed their shared pain with beyoncé after living with unfortunate name clashes . although this kaity perry has inherited an extra ' i ' it has n't prevented her from being the butt of the jokes . ' when the teacher started calling attendance , i got really nervous , because every time people learn my name is beyoncé , somebody starts singing single ladies . and some did , of course . but the second day of school was n't too bad . because everyone knew my name . ' her photo was posted on facebook accompanied with this statement as part of the humans of new york project . the photo series was created by photographer brandon stanton who travels around the city capturing images of its residents and sharing their stories . as well as joint celebrity names users expressed their annoyance at sharing names with famous songs . and then there was gaining an embarrassing name through marriage . tanya 's name became slightly more awkward after her career saw her gain a new title . his photos are picking up a lot of interest with his facebook page already receiving more than 12 million likes , however his photo of beyoncé has encouraged the biggest reaction . following its upload the photo has received almost 300,000 shares as well as thousands of comments from people with equally if not more unfortunate names showing their support for beyoncé . bridgett jones wrote : ' if i had a dollar for every time someone asked me about my diary ... ' referring to the famous chick flick character . people ca n't resist but turn abeer 's name into an inanimate object . the parents of merry have no excuse as christmas was definitely around when she was born . for jane she received twice as many jibes as bad names run in the family . marykate olsen added : ' believe me i understand , my name really is mary kate olsen . i get all the olsen twin jokes you can imagine . ' while kaity perry says that having an extra ' i ' makes no difference : ' i totally understand that since my name is kaity perry . if i had a dime for every time someone made a katy perry joke i 'd be rich ! ' macarena diab chimed in : ' you 're not alone ! i know the feeling ! ca n't introduce myself that 2 minutes after people are singing and dancing ! and they think they 're the first ones to make the connection : p i just try to laugh about it , if it helps : ) ' ( sic ) . carolina ahs gained her bad name once married : ' i was once married ; my last name is ahs , his hull . we were the ahs-hulls ... ' tanya boob kluck said : 'beyoncé is n't bad ! try having the last name boob , and then join the army as a private . yes , private boob ! ' sharing a name with one of the most-wanted ca n't be easy . and then there are names that do n't exactly trip off the tongue . many of the users were able to see the funny side of their names . abeer khan joined in : ' my name is abeer khan . and people wo n't stop calling me a beer can . ' julius christmas has sympathy for his sibling : ' my sister 's name is merry ... we share last names . ' jane bond 's bad name runs in the family : ' checking in . i have to use my boyfriend 's name when making a lot of reservations because people think i 'm lying . then they ask me if my dad 's name is james . and it is : ( ' osama siddiqui argued that his name was worse : ' better than a terrorist . ' north11 has opted for an alternative on screen name : ' my full name is zephaniah gustavus park . do n't worry , i was homeschooled . ' those who commented seemed happy to find someone to relate to . katherine holmes said : ' katie holmes here . tom cruise and little suri are doing great . ' rachel green is resentful of her name pairing with a friends character : ' always being asked if i found my ross yet ... ' serena williams added : ' girl you do n't know how many people ask me if i play tennis ! ! ' victoria elizabeth beckham is able to laugh at her name : ' just posh here . ' kelly rowland knows the feeling all too well : ' i feel you honey ! ! ' jack haas accepts his unfortunate name : ' hey my name pretty much sucks too ! ' jim 's first and last name pairing must have escaped his parents . chukwuebuka okoli added : ' lol , you 're worried about your name ' . julia roberts chirped up : ' i understand this completely : ' ) although , i am pretty social , i can still be kinda shy . when people learn of my name , they always begin singing `` pretty woman '' so i just sit and laugh . it 's funny though , because i actually want to become an actress . be proud of your name , keep your head up ! ' iona mclachlan makes fun of her title : ' i own a car . i own a bike . i own a house . ; ) ' kinga burger envies beyoncé : ' better hearing `` single ladies '' than hearing about hamburgers and fries . ' jennifer lopez breaths a sigh of relief : ' i can relate to this : ) ' the bottom commenter knows all too well the toils of being names isis . will smith adds : ' try being called will smith . ' but jim socks thinks he has it worse : ' try being called gym socks : ( ' shakira lamb is sick of being quizzed about her hips : ' i feel your pain ! every time someone hears my name is shakeira , i get asked if my hips do n't lie ' . tina turner shares the embarrassment : ' i know the feeling ; ) ' sammy smith is feeling a sense of relief : ' feeling better about sam smith right now . ' isis d'ascoli 's name has recently fallen out of favour : ' try being called isis ... ' meghan griffin shares her name with the family guy star : ' the meg griffin jokes are endless . ' chris brown finally pipes up : ' i feel you . ' meghan shares her name with the cartoon character from family guy . chris brown knows exactly how beyoncé feels .