a policeman has ploughed a lone furrow after ten years as one of the most remotely stationed officers in australia . later this year senior constable neale mcshane is set to retire from his decade long post in the harsh region of birdsville , which borders on the simpson desert in far south-west queensland . the 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states , but he told daily mail australia that nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling birsdville , which has a jurisdiction of about the size of the united kingdom . ‘there’s nothing quite like it . i call birdsville the land of plenty . plenty of dust , plenty of insects and most of all , plenty of heat ! ’ he said . scroll down for video . senior constable neale mcshane at thesimpson desert in far south-west queensland , in the midst of the notorious 2009 dust storm which swept as far as sydney . temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees , giving rise to a number of desert rescues that mcshane must execute every year . he recalled his second day on the job was 49 degrees , the hottest day in australia that year . ‘it’s a very sharp learning curve for policing out here . the heat coupled with the solitude-it means officers need stronger ties with the community than city cops who have more comradery with their colleagues . ’ he believes the unpredictable conditions of the job means his successor will need to be a fast learner . senior constable neale mcshane has spent ten years working in birdsville in far south-west queensland , where is one of the most remotely stationed officers in australia . temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees , giving rise to a number of desert rescues that mcshane must execute every year , such as this one from 2009 . as for the isolation , mcshane said it it 's a far cry from his previous police work , and he was grateful for having company . ‘it’s lucky my wife living moved up with me , because it can get pretty lonesome and it was very different to what my previous police work . ’ mcshane recalled the wildest incident in his stint , the 2010 birdsville races , which saw torrential rains trap 5000 people inside the small town , stretching resources paper thin . ‘ emergency services had to fly food into town and we ran out of cigarettes . the last packed was auctioned off with the proceeds going to the local hospital . it was pretty iconic really ! ’ mc neal ( right ) working at the annual birdsville races , where he made his last arrest in 2011 . mcshane said the majority of his work was comprised of desert rescues , but there were a number of arrests in the town with a population of only 100 people . ‘ you just never knew what’s around the corner . take that iconic red dust storm that engulfed sydney in 2009 . when that hit we had a surge of people needing to be rescued . ’ mcshane said the majority of his work was comprised of desert rescues , but there were a number of arrests in the town with a population of only 100 people . ‘ my last arrest was four years ago , with someone at the annual birdsville races . you don’t get a lot of crime here because it’s so desolate , ’ he said . mcneal and local park rangers at the cooper creek , which was flooded at the time . mcshane said the isolation of the job was a far cry from his previous police work , and that he was grateful his wife moved up with him to keep him company . mcshane is set to retire later this year , with the local authorities currently on the lookout for his replacement . ‘it’s been a great run . i feel a bit young to be throwing in the towel but i’m sure i’m also pretty excited will find something else to pursue with the spare time . ’ birdsville 's only park ranger don rowlands told abc that senior constable mcshane would be ' sorely missed . ' 