a former elementary school teacher who police say was obsessed with one of her 11-year-old students has waived a preliminary hearing on a felony charge that she interfered with the girl 's legal custody . geraldine alcorn , 29 , of pittsburgh , and her attorney declined to comment as they walked from a city magistrate 's courtroom wednesday . in exchange for the waiver — which means alcorn must now stand trial on the charge or take some kind of plea bargain — allegheny county prosecutors dropped two other misdemeanors she faced : luring a child into a vehicle and corruption of minors . leaving court : geraldine alcorn , left , leaves court on wednesday april 1 , 2015 , in pittsburgh after waiving a preliminary hearing on wednesday on a felony charge that she interfered with the girl 's custody . geraldine alcorn , pictured walking to court on wednesday , allegedly encrypted her phone number on the girl 's math homework , exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even spoke of adopting her . obsessed teacher : geraldine alcorn , 28 , faces multiple charges for ' obsessively ' texting an 11-year-old student . prosecutors , who also declined to comment , allege alcorn encrypted her phone number on the girl 's math homework , exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even talked of adopting and running away with the girl before alcorn resigned last month . the girl 's mother , a single parent , complained to school officials after finding out alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working . the mother then found stickers and letters from alcorn in the girl 's school binder , plus two letters the girl wrote to alcorn with three headings : ' things ms. alcorn and i can do , ' ''what we can do , ' and ' when we can do it , ' the criminal complaint said . the girl told police she and alcorn kept their relationship secret and , among other things , alcorn discussed adopting the girl or taking her from her home . alcorn had told the girl that ' they would be on the run for a while , ' if alcorn followed through on that , police said . alcorn is not believed to have sexual feelings for the girl but allegedly told police of a ' deep love ' she has for her . pittsburgh public schools officials learned feb. 13 that ' a teacher had developed an improper attachment ' with a student at pittsburgh beechwood , a pre-k-5 school . alcorn resigned march 2 . police said she tried to contact the girl on march 13 , a friday , when alcorn returned to gather her personal belongings . the following monday , police said , the girl found ' gifts and several letters , some encrypted , in her locker and desk , ' according to the criminal complaint . ' the letters , written by alcorn , instructed the 11-year-old female to contact her . ' alcorn hid her phone number on a math worksheet by telling the girl to dial numbers that had been circled , police said . planned to run away : geraldine alcorn , left , leaving court on wednesday , told the little girl she planned to run away with her and adopt her . talked of going on the run : attorney , michael worgul , left , leads geraldine alcorn , center left , down the steps from court wednesday after she was accused of ' interfering with the child 's custody ' . did n't stop contact : alcorn continued to contact the student even after she was forced to resign and warned to stay away from the 11-year-old , police say .