lance armstrong has said the world anti-doping agency and others are ' owed an apology ' from him for cheating during his cycling career - but noted that the agency 's chief rebuffed efforts to meet back in 2013 . david howman , director general of wada , said this week that he is disappointed armstrong had not apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits before the former cycling champion admitted using performance-enhancing drugs . armstrong initially declined comment on howman 's remark , but on wednesday provided the ap with a may 2013 email exchange with howman , who initially indicted he could meet with armstrong , then backed off under advice from wada lawyers . lance armstrong admits groups such as wada , usada and others are owed an apology for his offences . wada director general david howman said this week that he was disappointed armstrong had n't apologised . ' i can talk at a suitable time and at a suitable place ... what do you suggest ? ' howman responded to armstrong 's first inquiry about a meeting . a few days later , after armstrong recounted his upcoming schedule , howman broke off the discussion . ' having reflected upon your request to meet with me , and having taken advice from our lawyers , it is apparent that it is a situation where little , if anything , can be gained from such a meeting , ' howman wrote armstrong . howman did not immediately respond wednesday to requests for comment . armstrong won the tour de france every year from 1999-2005 . those titles were stripped after a massive report in 2012 by the us anti-doping agency detailed doping by armstrong and his us postal service teammates . in the email , howman said he told armstrong 's attorneys months earlier they should meet with usada . although the intent of the meeting request with howman is not relayed in emails , armstrong said wednesday he reached out to howman in hopes of discussing a potential ' truth and reconciliation ' effort to confront doping in cycling . armstrong first declined comment on howman 's remark but then revealed his attempt to meet him in 2013 . armstrong 's agreement to take part in a tour de france charity ride with former england footballer geoff thomas has caused controversy with some in cycling saying his presence at the event is disrespectful . a probe into the sport 's doping problems was later conducted by the cycling independent reform commission , which met twice with armstrong and issued its report in march . part of the report detailed armstrong 's efforts to debunk a report by the french newspaper l'equipe that found his urine samples from the 1999 tour de france tested positive for epo , a hormone that helps endurance . the uci hired dutch lawyer emile vrijman to investigate the findings and the probe produced a report that vrijman claimed exonerated armstrong and instead blamed wada and the testing lab . amstrong holds up seven fingers , one for each of the tour de france titles that were later stripped from him ; and former uci president pat mcquaid at the 2012 press conference in geneva that delivered his fate . the report released last month detailed how armstrong 's lawyers were allowed to help write the report that criticized wada . armstrong said he does n't know if he would have apologised to howman had they met in 2013 , but it would have been a chance to do it in person . ' i was in a different headspace , ' armstrong said . ' there 's no doubt that a lot of people like them , like usada , are owed an apology . ' armstrong said there 's been no attempt to meet with howman since 2013 .