children are being auditioned at school for britain’s got talent to stop them bunking off lessons , it has been revealed . teachers say that youngsters have been playing truant as they attempt to find instant stardom on the itv talent show . as a result , for the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the uk for the new series . scroll down for video . brace yourselves : britain 's got talent judges amanda holden and alesha dixon strike glamorous poses . the move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools on the days of auditions . teacher angela butler said britain’s got talent spent two hours at her school – newtown high school , in powys , mid-wales – and a local sixth-form college in november . around 30 newtown high school pupils aged 11 to 18 sang and played instruments for producers during preliminary auditions after getting permission from their parents . mrs butler , a head of year , described similar on-site auditions across the region as a preventative measure to stop youngsters skipping school . speaking at the nasuwt union’s annual conference in cardiff , she attacked the shocking truancy levels in the city caused by auditions for talent shows . the britain 's got talent judges and presenters are seen on stage before the start of the 2015 series . the 52-year-old said the day for auditions was ‘ the day throughout wales when most kids are absent’ . she added : ‘ i think that is an absolute travesty , that kids think that is the way that they’re going to have a route out of poverty and not education . ’ simon cowell has defended allowing young children to take part in britain’s got talent , despite fears by child welfare campaigners that many of them are too young to cope with fame . the music mogul says the itv show – which has no lower age limit – provides opportunities to those who might not otherwise have them . cowell , 55 , who has a 14-month-old son , eric , with partner lauren silverman , said : ‘ every kid who comes on our show is there because the child wants to be on our show and we make sure we look after them . ‘ as for whether it’s the right thing having someone so young singing on the show – they may not have the opportunities in life other people have . ’ speaking afterwards , mrs butler told how britain’s got talent had changed how it auditions to stop pupils ‘ coming down to cardiff’ on school days . she said : ‘ for a couple of years we had absences . it must have been a problem throughout wales because this time , for the auditions that have happened for britain’s got talent , they actually sent people into schools . ‘ when the producers from the programme came to our school , they said they were going all around schools to prevent exactly this [ truancy ] . ' they spent two hours in our school and they must have seen 30 kids , perhaps more than that . then they moved onto a sixth form college in the same town . ’ but she also bemoaned how children now seem to think fame is the only way to succeed : ‘ children now think the voice or britain’s got talent or the x factor or winning the lottery – that’s how they’re going to get on and have the things that they see celebrities doing . i do think that kids want this quick fix . ’ britain’s got talent – and its judging panel simon cowell , david walliams , amanda holden and alesha dixon – is returning on saturday for its ninth series , with itv chiefs expecting bumper audience ratings . a source from the show said : ‘ last year was the first time we’d ever gone to schools . we did go to schools all around the country . ‘ we are the one of the few talent shows that allow kids to enter , so the logical extension of that was going to schools to allow kids to audition as easily as possible . ’ bgt – and its judging panel simon cowell , david walliams , amanda holden ( pictured ) and alesha dixon – is returning on saturday for its ninth series , with itv chiefs expecting bumper audience ratings . 