tesla founder elon musk has unveiled a ' revolutionary ' $ 3,000 ( £1,980 ) battery which he claims can run an entire home for eight hours . musk introduced the powerwall device at a press conference in california last night and said the technology could ' change the world ' . the device , which could be in homes by the end of summer , will be able to store electricity at night when it is cheaper . scroll down for video . tesla has unveiled a $ 3,000 ( £1,980 ) home battery that can power an entire house for eight hours . powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall , weighs 220lbs , and can be installed on an outside or inside wall . the left images shows the 10kwh version while on the right is the 7kwh device . the technology powers up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper . users can then switch the battery on during the day to use the home during the day . powerwall can be used as back up power in the case of an emergency , or be used to hold power from renewable energy sources . the ' daily use ' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours , which is around a quarter of a home 's daily usage . the average u.s. home uses 10,908 kilowatt-hours of energy per year , or just short of 30 per day . home battery packs could disrupt the utility market . in 2013 , the edison electric institute , the trade group for investor-owned electric companies , issued a report warning about disruption . ' one can imagine a day when battery storage technology or micro turbines could allow customers to be electric grid independent , ' the report said . it would then discharge this cheap electricity during the day in quantities large enough to be useful to homes and businesses . the powerwall is around three feet wide and four feet tall , weighs 220lbs , and can be installed either on an outside or inside wall of a home . the ' daily use ' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours , which is around a quarter of a home 's daily usage . department of energy figures state that the average u.s. home uses 10,908 kilowatt-hours of energy per year , or just short of 30 per day . according to that figure , a single , fully-charged powerwall device would be able to meet a quarter of a home 's energy needs on any given day . however , it would likely last far less time than eight hours during the mornings and evenings , when homes use the vast majority of their electricity . musk said that the devices can be stacked together to provide more energy . the system would let homeowners with solar panels or other sources of renewable energy easily store their energy at home , rather than the current model whereby they sell power back to energy suppliers as it is produced , then buy it again during peak times . it could also let savvy consumers take advantage of power companies ' lower rates during the night and use the cheaper , stored energy during peak periods . according to tech site mashable , musk told attendees at the event : ' our goal is to fundamentally change the way the world uses energy . pictured is a utility-scale version of powerwall that can be used by businesses and scaled up for more power . the ' daily use ' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours , which is around a quarter of a home 's daily usage . tesla also unveiled the ' powerpack ' , which is the big brother of the powerwall . it describes it as an ' infinitely scalable system ' that can work for businesses , in industrial applications , and public utility companies . it comes in 100 kwh battery blocks that can scale from 500 kwh all the way up to 10 mwh . ' our goal here is to change the way the world uses energy at an extreme scale , ' it said . ' it sounds crazy , but we want to change the entire energy infrastructure of the world to zero carbon . ' as well as the daily-use model , tesla will also launch a 10 kilowatt-hour backup battery , designed to tide homes over during power blackouts , such as those caused by storms . marketing material for the device , published late thursday on tesla 's website , says : ' powerwall is a home battery that charges using electricity generated from solar panels , or when utility rates are low , and powers your home in the evening . ' it also fortifies your home against power outages by providing a backup electricity supply . ' automated , compact and simple to install , powerwall offers independence from the utility grid and the security of an emergency backup . ' musk said that he hopes to sell hundreds of millions of the devices , which he touted as a vast improvement over currently-available models . in the past he has said such early batteries ' suck ' . he later added that the entire showcase had been powered by a huge array of powerwall batteries . pictured is the ' powerpack ' . elon musk ( right ) describes it as an ' infinitely scalable system ' that comes in 100 kwh battery blocks that can scale from 500 kwh up to 10 mwh and higher . the technology could let savvy consumers take advantage of power companies ' lower rates during the night and use the cheaper , stored energy during peak periods . mr musk is already the chairman of solarcity - a company that offers solar power systems for homes - and tesla 's home battery is an extension of this . musk said that he hopes to sell hundreds of millions of the devices , which he touted as a vast improvement over currently-available models . in the past he has said such early batteries ' suck ' . tesla also unveiled the ' powerpack ' , which is the larger scale version of the powerwall . it describes it as an ' infinitely scalable system ' that can work for businesses , in industrial applications and public utility companies . it comes in 100 kwh battery blocks that can scale from 500 kwh all the way up to 10 mwh . ' our goal here is to change the way the world uses energy at an extreme scale , ' it said . the latest announcement builds on previous tesla products , principally its range of cars . last year , tesla motors unveiled plans for a ' gigafactory ' designed to help the firm ramp up production of batteries for its electric cars , and now homes . tesla said the factory will cut current battery production costs by up to 30 per cent , and will be powered predominantly by renewable energy sources , such as wind and solar . elsewhere , mr musk is already the chairman of solarcity - a company that offers solar power systems for homes - and tesla 's home battery could be an extension of this . these batteries 3ft tall ( 0.9 metres ) , and can be controlled remotely using a smartphone app . tesla would not comment on whether the new batteries will work in the same way . home battery packs could disrupt the utility market . in 2013 , the edison electric institute , the trade group for investor-owned electric companies , issued a report warning about disruption . powerwall charges using electricity generated from solar panels , or when utility rates are low , and powers your home in the evening . ' one can imagine a day when battery storage technology or micro turbines could allow customers to be electric grid independent , ' the report said . deutsche bank estimates sales of stationary battery storage systems for homes and commercial uses could yield as much as $ 4.5 billion in revenue for tesla . analysts expect tesla will build stationary storage systems around the same basic batteries it will produce for its vehicles at a large factory the company is building in nevada . stationary storage systems could be part of a fossil-fuel free lifestyle in which an individual has solar panels on the roof , generating electricity that can power home appliances and recharge batteries in a tesla model s sedan parked in the garage . government subsidies and a dramatic drop in the price of lithium ion batteries are drawing more companies into the home electricity storage business . tesla has so far received $ 1.1 million from california 's self-generation incentive program . tesla has received or is poised to receive state funding for about 600 storage projects in california , according to data from the state . though valued at just $ 200 million in 2012 , the energy storage industry is expected to grow to $ 19 billion by 2017 , according to research firm ihs cera . in tesla 's view , such storage systems could become part of a fossil-fuel-free lifestyle in which people can have solar panels on their roof generating electricity to power their home and recharge their electric car batteries .