manchester united manager louis van gaal has been given the green light to make gareth bale his top summer transfer target , after a supporter handed him a list of potential targets at a club fan day . the dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life-limiting illnesses at the biannual manchester foundation dream day held at the aon training complex on monday . and moshin tanveer - who suffers from duchenne muscular dystrophy - used the special occasion to provide the former holland boss with a star-studded cast of europe 's top property he should sign in order to bring the barclays premier league title back to old trafford . scroll down for video . moshin tanveer gleefully awaits louis van gaal 's reaction to the players he thinks he should sign . van gaal reads the carefully written document containing the names of who he ' should ' bring to old trafford . mats hummels ( borussia dortmund ) £36m . gareth bale ( real madrid ) £120m . paul pogba ( juventus ) £75m . nathaniel clyne ( southampton ) £15m . memphis depay ( psv eindhoven ) £30m . jackson martinez ( porto ) £25m . ' i did some homework for you , ' the fan tells van gaal , passing him the dossier seen in a video posted on the manchester united youtube channel . the united boss then reads out the names of mats hummels , nathaniel clyne , paul pogba , gareth bale , memphis depay and jackson martinez , before thanking the supporter for his advice . ' i take it in mind , ' van gaal says , before folding the sheet of paper and putting it in his pocket . ' you are smart , and a very cheap manager . ' tanveer told the dutchman not to follow up the loan signing of radamel falcao with a permanent deal , and also suggested that striker robin van persie should be sold . the supporter 's mentor said he had spent a week writing up his shortlist ahead of the foundation day , and after being warmly received by the manager , the beaming recipient of a signed home shirt said , ' it was really nice of him to do that . it was like a dream come true . ' dutchman reads out the names of mats hummels , gareth bale and paul pogba among others . van gaal jokes that £35 million to prise hummels away from borussia dortmund may be a little optimistic . the united fan carefully typed out the star names he wants to see playing at old trafford next season . the supporter also posed with david de gea as part of a day organised by the club 's foundation . united are currently third in the barclays premier league with 65 points from 33 games - 11 points behind leaders chelsea ahead of this weekend 's trip to face everton at goodison park . but were van gaal to land all the names mentioned in the supporter 's wishlist this summer , he would be expected to bring the premier league title back to old trafford for the first time since 2013 . ' hummels ... £36 million ... clyne of southampton ... £15 million ... pogba ... £75 million ... bale ... £120 million ... and jackson martinez of porto ... £25 million . he did n't tell me who i have to sell but after a little bit of pushing , i know . so it 's easy for me . next year , we are the champions , ' van gaal joked .