portland timbers defender liam ridgewell writes his second column for sportsmail with the 2015 major league soccer season well under way in the united states . here , the 30-year-old from bexleyheath discusses his family 's visits to portland , coming up against orlando city 's brazilian star kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals seattle sounders on monday morning at 2:30am uk time . fifty hours . that was how long a group of our fans camped outside providence park before the game against fc dallas . they already had tickets , but just wanted to be first into the stadium . sounds crazy right ? i was walking around the city with nat borchers and we stopped to have a chat . it’s wicked to see supporters ' passion , and they carry that throughout the matches . the atmosphere is special . on game day i love the national anthem at the start . it’s not mine but it really gees me up . the fans swing their scarves and sing . it’s an honour to play in front of them . liam ridgewell in action for the portland timbers with the new mls season well under way in the states . ridgewell ( right ) attempts to gee up his side during a match against new york city fc last week . we beat dallas 3-1 for our first victory of the season , which was especially pleasing as my children luca and eva were over visiting with my parents bob and linda . nice to get up and running . it’s been raining quite a bit but one day we got the paddle boards out , and the kids had a splash on the lake behind my house . luca , who’s nine , came into training with me every day . he pottered about , spoke to the lads , and kicked the ball around . i don’t know about having his old man’s talent – can we call it that ? – but he loves it . there is a lot of pressure on younger kids now , i don’t want to be too pushy , let him enjoy it . he went training with the timbers under-9s one day and met gavin wilkinson , the general manager , and the owner merritt paulson . he was asking loads of questions about how much he’d spent and how much various things cost , as kids do . there were no boundaries . merritt was lovely and had a bit of banter . perhaps luca will pursue a career as an agent ! either that or a personal trainer . he spotted a dodge ball court at the local play centre so we had a game . after 20 minutes my thighs were burning . it is nothing like the film , there are trampolines and it’s tiring bouncing from one to the next . luca wanted to keep going . i tried to teach him the dodge , dip , dive , and duck routine but he wasn’t having any of it . my kids have now left and watching them go at the airport is the hardest thing i’ve ever had to do . it seems to get worse every time . they are coming back in july and i’m excited already . ridgewell ( back , second right ) lines up for a portland timbers team photo ahead of an mls match . portland timbers and orlando city walk onto the field ahead of an mls match in oregon earlier this month . portland timbers mascot timber joey uses a chainsaw to cut a timber slab after a goal is scored . nat is my central defensive partner and beard brother . i’ve been trying to grow mine for ages , everyone tells me to shave but i’m keeping it to annoy people . when i saw nat’s , though , i just thought , ‘he’s ruined it’ . his is huge and makes me look like a nine year old boy . it’s a proper beard , you could certainly hide some squirrels in there . nat borchers holds up a timber slab after portland beat fc dallas 3-1 earlier this month . the whole family of 12 is flying out and i had dad doing some jobs around the house to prepare . he’s sorted the outdoor parasols and kegerator , which lets you have beer on tap . i’ve been practising the table tennis ready for a comp with my brothers . one of them , gavin , is a travel freak and he’s already bought a book on what to do . there are a lot of vineyards we can visit and we want to trek up mount hood , the highest point in oregon . it is technically an active volcano , though i read the chances of an eruption in the next 30 years are about three per cent , so i think we’ll be alright . you can ski its slopes and canoe its rivers . i’d like to stay in a log cabin on a night off . there is no tv and you’re right out in the wilderness , surrounded by woods . hopefully it will be a good summer . i’ll be wearing my thomas royall shorts when the sun shines . we have just designed our summer 16 range , and had more enquiries from shops . i give my input when i wake up . to organise the current range we went to a hotel in london ( during the mls winter break ) and sifted through thousands of prints laid out in front of us , more or less going off our instincts . your eyes are popping out by the end of the meeting . hopefully we’ll see the shorts out in vegas . a lot of the success is down to our model stephen james hendry . we picked him because we needed to stand out and project the funky hairstyles and tattoos you see around shoreditch and hoxton . our photographer adam recommended him . he was very much in demand . he’s a lovely fella . we went out for a meal and he likes to talk football and we like to talk fashion . it’s been great . after dallas we lost at home to orlando , who were inspired by kaka . he kept it simple with one-twos and his presence on the pitch was clear . kaka ( front centre ) poses for a photo alongside his orlando city team-mates ahead of the portland match . kaka ( left ) on the ball with montreal impact 's nigel reo-coker giving chase during a match last month . it was frustrating not to do better but i watched him play in the world cup so to walk out with him and be captain on the same day was a real privilege . on the pendant handover i said good luck but that was about it . i don’t know if he knows english , gracias and bonjour is my lingo limit . we redeemed ourselves in the next game at new york city , winning 1-0 . the clean sheet was hugely satisfying . when i first signed my professional contract with aston villa i took the family to america and new york . we did all the shows but not yankee stadium , so it was surreal to play on that grass . i got a couple of pictures standing on the pitcher’s mound . to win there was special . david villa didn’t play because of injury but hopefully i can face him later on this campaign . new york city fc 's david villa ( right ) looks to leave new england revolution 's scott caldwell in his wake . up next on sunday night us time are seattle sounders , our fiercest rivals . i would say local but the city is about 150 miles away . there will be 65,000 there and the atmosphere promises to be intense , louder than a villa-blues derby . last season i was on the bench as i had just signed and wasn’t able to play . i sat looking at the thousands of fans , the fireworks , and the flags thinking ‘wow’ . i knew i had made the right call to come to the mls . portland timbers players run out onto the field ahead of clash with rivals seattle sounders in 2013 . seattle sounders fans show their banners and flags ahead of a match against portland last year .