hillary clinton 's ' everyday americans ' video has been given an 18 rating by a russian television network - because it features two men holding hands . dozhd tv , an independent network , fears the video launching clinton 's white house bid may fall foul of putin 's ' gay propaganda ' laws - which allows the imposition heavy fines for promoting homosexuality to people under the age of 18 . clinton 's video not only features democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois , holding hands , but talking about their up-coming wedding . restricted : a russian television network has given hillary clinton 's video an 18 rating because it features a gay couple , who are planning a summer wedding , holding hands . equality : jared milrad ( pictured right ) and his fiancé nate johnson , were delighted to be included in the video , saying it showed off the changing attitudes of the u.s . milrad 's voice is heard in a voiceover saying : 'i’m getting married this summer to someone i really care about . ' the inclusion of the segment has won widespread support , and highlights clinton 's own stand on equality . milrad himself has said he was overjoyed to be part of the clinton roll out - and part of a large-scale change in u.s. social attitudes . ' it shows how far we 've come , ' said milrad , a 31-year-old lawyer and social activist , pleased that public support for same-sex marriage rights has grown so far as to appear in a presidential campaign launch . but it is at odds with russia 's view on lgbt rights , which have become increasingly restrictive during vladimir putin 's presidency . however , dozhd , an opposition network , told abc news it had acted before being instructed by the russian government . if they had aired it without the warning , the company could have faced a fine of as much as £13,200 under 2013 's gay propaganda laws . dozhd is not the only company to take preemptive action like this : in march , ikea pulled its online magazine ikea family live , which ' demonstrates various aspects of home life regardless of age , gender , sexual orientation ' . the swedish retailer decided to remove it as there was a risk ' some material in our magazine can be considered as propaganda ' . backwards : but while the u.s. may be becoming more inclusive , russia has recently been putting in place more repressive laws as the government becomes increasingly anti lgbt rights . fine : opposition television network dozhd decided to give it the rating to avoid getting a £13,200 fine . differing views : putin ( left ) and clinton ( right ) are on other sides of the divide when it comes to lgbt rights - with the former first lady being a staunch supporter of equality . but it is not just the u.s. and russia as countries which are at odds with each other : putin and clinton hold very differing views personally as well . speaking in 2014 , putin claimed there was a need to ' clean up ' homosexuality in russian order to drive up the country 's birth rate , and defended the country 's right to pass such a law . the russian leader - who claims he has gay friends - has gone as far as to link gay people to pedophiles in the past . meanwhile , the same year putin signed the gay propaganda law into being , secretary of state clinton had publicly come out in support of gay marriage . ' lgbt americans are our colleagues , our teachers , our soldiers , our friends , our loved ones , and they are full and equal citizens and deserve the rights of citizenship- that includes marriage , ' she said in the video . ' i support it personally and as a matter of policy and law . ' like so many others , my personal views have been shaped over time by people i have known and loved , by my experience representing our nation on the world 's stage , my devotion to law and human rights , and the guiding principles of my faith . ' clinton also has a lot of support within the lgbt community , with the nation 's largest lesbian political action committee launching lesbians4hillary to support her bid for the white house . lesbians4hillary , co-chaired by pioneering tennis great billie jean king , said : ' hillary clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the lgbtq community . ' 