german air traffic control officials today called for technology that ground staff could use in an emergency to take remote command of a plane . klaus-dieter scheurle , head of the deutsche flugsicherung authority , urged the aviation industry to develop the system which could help prevent a repeat of the germanwings crash last month . investigators believe co-pilot andreas lubitz locked his captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed the plane into a french mountainside on march 24 , killing all 150 people on board . disaster : rescue workers and debris from the germanwings jet at the crash site near seyne-les-alpes , france . call : klaus-dieter scheurle ( above ) , head of the deutsche flugsicherung authority , urged the aviation industry to develop the system which could help prevent a repeat of the germanwings crash last month . mr scheurle said in frankfurt : ‘ such an event might cause us to reconsider systems which would allow the control of aircraft to be taken over by personnel on the ground in emergency situations . ’ he added that it was important to ‘ think past today 's technology’ , explaining that such a system could be used in an emergency on the ground to take remote control of a plane and safely land it . mr scheurle said that it was not the ‘ simplest solution’ , adding that similar technology is already available for piloting drones - but it could take a decade to develop it for passenger jets . pilots associations are sceptical of the plans , with german pilots ' union vereinigung cockpit saying the idea of remote control from the ground could be open to abuse . in charge : investigators believe co-pilot andreas lubitz ( pictured ) locked his captain out of the cockpit and deliberately flew the plane into a french mountainside on march 24 , killing all 150 people on board . tribute : flowers in front of the monument in homage to the victims of the germanwings flight in le vernet . a spokesman said : ‘ we also have to ask whether such a solution would really be an improvement . after all , it 's the pilots who are sitting in the cockpit and they 're the ones with all the information . ’ the british airline pilots ' association also urged caution . ‘ we must act with careful consideration to ensure new safety risks or concerns are not created , such as those raised by the vulnerability of any form of remote control of a passenger aircraft , ’ a spokesman said . since the germanwings crash , european airlines have implemented a rule that two people must be in the cockpit at all times and germany has set up a task force with the aviation industry to consider changes to medical and psychological tests for pilots . commercial planes could be hacked in flight by passengers using the in-flight entertainment system to access flight controls , a us watchdog agency warned last night . cyber-security experts said onboard firewalls intended to protect aircraft electronics from hackers could be breached if flight control and entertainment systems use the same wiring and routers . a ' virus or malware’ planted on websites visited by passengers could provide an opportunity for a malicious attack , one expert told government accountability office investigators . a gao report identified the hacking risk as one of several emerging weaknesses that the federal aviation administration must address as air traffic control systems advance in technology . the publication said : ‘ internet connectivity in the cabin should be considered a direct link between the aircraft and the outside world , which includes potential malicious actors . ’ faa administrator michael huerta said the aviation regulator has begun working with us government security experts including the national security agency to identify needed changes . ‘ this threat will continue to evolve and it is something that needs to be at the forefront of our thinking , ’ he told a senate oversight panel . politicians in congress called on the faa to act .