former treasurer peter costello has fired a damaging salvo at the abbott government just weeks out from its second budget , describing its approach to taxation as a ' morbid joke ' . ever since the government released his tax discussion paper calling for a ' lower , simpler , fairer ' system there has been nothing but suggestions for taxes that are higher , more complicated and less economic , the former liberal treasurer in an opinion piece in the daily telegraph . ' lower , simpler , fairer is looking like a morbid joke , ' mr costello said on tuesday , citing a proposed bank deposit tax and a push for a greater contribution from multinational companies . peter costello slammed the abbott government , describing its approach to taxation as a ' morbid joke ' . treasurer joe hockey was not impressed with the costello critique , lamenting the fact his liberal predecessor had more tax revenue to use during the howard government years . ' the government needs to restart the conversation about getting taxes down , not up . ' he also slams labor and the greens , saying using the tax system to re-distribute income would trap australians in poverty . ' the tax system is there to raise government revenue at the lowest cost in the most efficient way doing the least damage to the economy . ' treasurer joe hockey was not impressed with the costello critique , lamenting the fact his liberal predecessor had more tax revenue to use during the howard government years . ' if i had the same revenue as he had , then i 'd be getting $ 25 billion extra each year to spend on things , ' he told sky news from new york , pointing to the abolition of the carbon and mining taxes . ' everyone 's entitled to give free advice and frankly , that 's what it 's worth - it 's free advice . the abbott government is due to deliver its second budget on may 12 . assistant treasurer josh frydenberg praised mr costello as a ' very distinguished ' former treasurer , but said the government had reduced the overall tax take and a small business tax cut was on its way . ' i would suggest that people stop looking back to what it was and focus on the challenges of today and tomorrow , no matter who they are . ' assistant treasurer josh frydenberg praised mr costello as a ' very distinguished ' former treasurer , but said the government had reduced the overall tax take and a small business tax cut was on its way . the coalition was also having to deal with lower commodity prices than the howard government enjoyed , he told abc radio . in an opinion piece , fairfax economics editor peter martin argued that hockey had inherited economic problems created by superannuation changes costello introduced when he was treasurer . mr martin labelled 2006 budget changes which saw super payouts become tax free for the majority of australians aged over 60 as ' stupid ' and ' expensive ' . he quoted economist saul eslake who labelled the change ' one of the worst taxation policy decisions of the past 20 years ' . 