in a matter of moments , samantha rawcliffe was catapulted towards an uncertain future . without warning , the mother-of-two lost all control of her body while she was behind the wheel of her car . gripped by what would later be diagnosed as a rare brain disorder , the 40-year-old crashed . she blamed her uncontrollable shaking in the aftermath of the accident on her shock . but over the following days , when she lost control of her bladder repeatedly , she feared something else was to blame . tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a wide variety of neurological symptoms that doctors can not explain . samantha rawcliffe , 40 , from morecambe , has been diagnosed with the rare condition functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term to cover a range of neurological symptoms . the mother-of-two suddenly lost all control of her body and crashed her car last may . in the days after the accident she lost control of her bladder and was shaking uncontrollably . ' it was n't a bad accident , but i went home shaken and had a drink , ' she said . ' i just could n't stop shaking . ' the next day i wet myself and i wet the bed for the next three nights . ' but i did n't know what was wrong with me , and thought i had a trapped nerve or something like that . ' even a year on , i have no feeling in my bladder , and i do n't know when i need the toilet or even when i am actually weeing . ' there is no sign that will ever return . ' when i was told i had fnd , i did n't even know what it was and it just is n't out there , it 's so rare . ' following her accident on may 26 , last year , mrs rawcliffe was taken to the royal preston hospital to meet neurologists . they eventually diagnosed the rare illness functional neurological disorder in september , following a series of tests . last september doctors diagnosed the rare brain disorder . mrs rawcliffe is now confined to her house , unable to walk and relies on a mobility scooter . each day she has to take a cocktail of 32 different drugs . mrs rawcliffe , from morecambe , has since had to give up her job as a teaching assistant , and can no longer drive . she struggles to walk further than eight metres , and relies on a mobility scooter to get around . functional neurological disorder is an umbrella term that covers a variety of symptoms that can not be explained . the condition can be as debilitating as parkinson 's disease and ms , and may share many common symptoms . very few effective treatment plans exist . physical therapy is often the most effective form of treatment , with the aim of reintroducing proper movement and motor control . many patients are also prescribed cognitive behaviour therapy . the condition can cause the following symptoms : source : fnd hope . the 40-year-old spends most of her time confined to her home , and has to take 32 tablets each day to prevent choking fits and tremors . ' life is quite boring and i ca n't do anything myself whether it 's washing , showering , cooking cleaning , ' she said . ' before i was diagnosed i was going to the gym five times a week and i loved my job . i 'm 40 - i never wanted to retire . ' in fact , i get quite tearful when i think about it and my old colleagues always say there is a hole where sam should be at work . ' i 've got no independence anymore and i sold my car in the end because i was sick of looking at it . ' doctors can not determine whether the condition had been lying dormant in mrs rawcliffe 's body before it revealed itself . she suffered a mini-stroke as a teenager but recovered within three weeks and met her husband phillip a few months later . despite back pain from another car accident 12 years ago , the mother-of-two has not suffered any other ailments . power plant technician phillip , 47 , and the couple 's children rhys , 19 and rebecca , 17 , have rallied to help . ' i think the kids took it hard at first - there was a lot of crying , ' mrs rawcliffe said . ' but i have a big family and support network and they have all adapted so brilliantly . ' i used to be the life and soul of the party and i 've never been a miserable person but there is so much that i ca n't do and it 's hard to take . ' i end up kind of mourning for the life that i had had before this . ' mrs rawcliffe is hoping to raise awareness of the condition by drumming up funds for the organisation fnd hope to help boost support for sufferers . mrs rawcliffe , pictured with her husband philip before her diagnosis , said : ' i used to be the life and soul of the party and i 've never been a miserable person but there is so much that i ca n't do and it 's hard to take ' . 