having a waitrose within walking distance is not only convenient – it also means your house is worth more , according to a study . homes with the upmarket store nearby cost 12 per cent more – or £38,831 – than those in surrounding areas that weren’t near a branch . but having a budget store such as an aldi or lidl on your doorstep means your house could be worth thousands of pounds less than others in your neighbourhood . homes with a waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more – or £38,831 – than those in surrounding areas that weren’t near a branch . but having a budget shop nearby means your house could sell for less . in a study published today , lloyds bank investigated average house prices in postal districts that have chain supermarkets nearby , to see how they compared to the wider postal region . houses in areas with a waitrose cost an average of £354,378 – which was £38,831 ( 12 per cent ) more than typical prices for their regions . sainsbury’s also delivered a big boost to residents , as properties near the store were worth 10 per cent more ( £24,506 ) than ones in the surrounding area that weren’t near a branch . the price of having a supermarket on your doorstep : waitrose scores highest - and aldi the lowest . tesco came in next , with a price premium of 8 per cent ( £17,125 ) , followed by marks & spencer , on 7 per cent ( £18,786 ) . but the presence of an aldi nearby was associated with house prices that were 3 per cent ( £5,910 ) lower compared to the wider postal region . and houses close to a lidl cost 2 per cent ( £4,719 ) less . ' it was mainly the views that attracted us to the property ' . meanwhile houses near several different stores enjoyed the highest price premiums . researchers found that homes in clifton , bristol – which enjoy access to a waitrose , a sainsbury’s and a co-op – cost £392,961 on average . this is 64 per cent ( £153,488 ) more than in nearby areas . and homes in didsbury , a suburb in manchester that boasts an aldi , a co-op and a tesco , typically cost £239,595 , which is 61 per cent or £91,096 more than houses in the surrounding area . waitrose has carefully cultivated its upmarket image , proving popular with middle and high income families . but the research raises the question of whether a neighbourhood already had more expensive homes – encouraging the store to build a branch near its target customers – or if it was the store’s presence that boosted the area . similarly , aldi and lidl , who have become popular as budget rivals to the big chains , have managed to keep prices low by locating branches in areas that were already cheaper , such as on the edge of towns . 