voters in last year 's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning . voters in last year 's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics , fights between rival supporters , and bizarre activities on polling day , new data shows . in one case , a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the ' unfair ' promise of free curry , nightclub entertainment and hotel stays . others , in letters of complaint to police forces and local authorities , accused politicians of 'fly-posting ' , while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting ' political views ' . the details , released to the press association under the freedom of information act , refer to the parliamentary by-elections in clacton , heywood and middleton , newark , rochester and strood , and wythenshawe and sale east . one eagle-eyed viewer watching the live coverage of the rochester and strood by-election , won by ukip 's tory defector mark reckless , was perturbed to see a person ' moving about among the tables and taking items ' - something the viewer deemed ' suspicious ' , so reported it to kent police . the same by-election saw six complaints made to medway council , one of which was about the apparent unsuitability of a candidate , as well as the length of time it took to count the votes and announce the result . according to greater manchester police ( gmp ) - whose force area included both the wythenshawe and sale east and heywood and middleton constituencies - one party organiser found their car was damaged while out delivering leaflets . in another case , a campaigner was attacked by members of the national front far-right group following a political discussion which escalated to violence . ukip activists in newark drew a couple of complaints for fixing party posters to street furniture . the anti-europe party later came second to the conservative candidate robert jenrick . a resident also contacted the vote 's returning officer - who oversees the election - to complain they had been approached by an unnamed party activist in the polling station as they went to cast their ballot paper . and another complained that tory donors allegedly supplied junior members with food and lodgings in exchange for hitting the campaign trail . the complainant said : ' i feel sure other candidates in this election must have felt that this was completely unfair . ' gmp also reported how local election campaigns - which coincided with a parliamentary by-election - saw a complaint made about a defamatory party leaflet , while another prospective candidate in wigan apparently ' caused people in the street to sign a nomination paper to allow them to stand in the next elections ' - despite those signing the document believing it to simply confirm their status as local residents . bribe : in one case , a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the ' unfair ' promise of free curry . according to separate figures from the electoral commission , 29 million votes were cast at polls held in the uk last year . this included local elections , european parliament elections and elections for directly elected mayors across the uk as well as parliamentary and police and crime commissioner by-elections and the scottish independence referendum . uk police forces recorded and investigated a total of 272 cases of alleged electoral fraud during that time , of which four resulted in court proceedings . one of these cases resulted in a conviction after an individual had stolen campaign signs promoting both the labour and conservative parties in the leeds area . an electoral commission spokesman said : ' the figures show that proven cases of electoral fraud remain rare , but it is important that no one underestimates how serious it is when it does occur . ' electoral fraud can refer to many offences , from impersonating a voter at a polling station to making a false statement on nomination papers to become a candidate . ' we have long known that , when fraud is committed , candidates and campaigners are the most likely offenders and voters are the victims . ' although there are clear plans in place to prevent and detect fraud ahead of the elections in may , there is also a challenge to campaigners . ' they must ensure their behaviour builds trust with all voters , and all those involved in elections must make it a priority to communicate what is and what is not acceptable behaviour at election time . ' assistant chief constable gary cann of west midlands police , the national policing lead for electoral fraud , said : ' a statement about someone 's character is different to a statement about their political views . ' a comment about a candidate 's politics is probably fair game , but to call someone a bigot or a terrorist or an extremist , for example , is different . it can get very unpleasant . ' anyone concerned about electoral fraud is asked to contact the electoral commission or crimestoppers . 