expensive clothes , fast cars and glittering industry parties : to the average person , the lives of the rich and famous may seem way out of reach . but the growing slew of celebrity gaming apps , from the likes of kim kardashian and lindsay lohan ( and soon , katy perry ) , promise to immerse you in it all , temporarily . femail investigates what it 's like to ' live ' the life of a celebrity for a day . scroll down for video . kim kardashian : hollywood is the app from the reality star , which uses her likeness and voice . users have to build a celebrity empire similar to kim 's . the 34-year-old launched the highly lucrative app last june , and has an estimated 28 million downloads . kim kardashian 's highly lucrative app , kim kardashian : hollywood , developed by glu mobile , has already been downloaded an estimated 28 million times since it was launched last june . the quest-based adventure game requires users to create a character ( customising a ' cute ' look is compulsory ) , become friends with kim kardashian and then embark on social-climbing , empire-building adventures . the character of kim , voiced by the reality star herself , is your best friend in the game . you 're nobody until you meet kim . at the beginning of the game , your character works in retail , takes public transport everywhere , her apartment is essentially bare and ca n't even afford to adopt stray cats . that is , until you meet kim kardashian by chance ( voiced by the reality star herself ) , and she slowly introduces you into the industry . the game puts an emphasis in being charming and friendly to almost everyone , and also taking every opportunity . take every opportunity . at the beginning , your boss trusts you to lock up the clothes shop , and kim kardashian turns up begging you to help her . you are given no choice but to break into the shop , choose her an outfit and give it to her for free . luckily she rewards you by inviting you to a impromptu photo shoot . this type of sporadic activity is rife throughout the game and actively encouraged . money and charm is key . obediently completing mini-quests will win you cash and k-stars ( which you can collect by paying real money ) , but as is expected , to actually complete many of the tasks and buy new clothes , money is also required . kustomise yourself : it 's necessary to constantly change your outfit and appearance in order to fit in at all the industry events . image is everything . within ten minutes of living kim kardashian 's life , users have changed their outfits three times and checked their reflections twice . seemingly , no one makes it big in hollywood without constantly considering how their image can be improved . vogue 's andre leon talley ( pictured left ) makes an appearance in the game . no doubt as a career booster . people fit into 3 categories . strangely , it seems kim is your only friend in the game , and you 'd be wrong if you think you 're allowed to make new ones . characters fit into solely three categories : potential love-interests , career-boosters , or an arch-nemesis . your very own ' momager ' : early on in the game , kim sites that a necessity of making it in the game involves having your own ' momager ' ( mother/manager ) , just like real-life parent kris jenner ( pictured right - in the game ) . ( pictured left to right ) the cartoon recreations of kourtney , khloé , kim and kris kardashian . they are characters you eventually meet later in the game . you 'll need a ' momager ' . one of the first things kim kardashian mentions to you is that you need a ' momager ' . kris jenner , kim kardashian 's very own , makes an appearance later in the game . you eventually also meet kim kardashian 's real life family , who have all lent their likeness and voice to the app . this includes kris , kourtney , khloé , kendall and kylie ( but no rob ) . opportunities for fame come in all shapes of sizes , including dating ( and marrying ) people for exposure . you have to do things you do n't want to . although the game allows you to fly to milan with kendall , and hang out with vogue 's andre talley leon eventually , you have to do many things that are n't entirely favourable . this includes : dating ( and marrying ) people you do n't want to for exposure , ' charming ' people with k-stars ( which is a currency in the game ) and partaking in sketchy photo shoots . fame game : lindsay lohan also launched her own game , the price of fame . uncanny : lohan 's game is a lot sillier and almost works to poke fun at celebrity culture . lindsay lohan 's game is comparatively sillier , and works more as a tongue-in-cheek critique of celebrity culture . if living a day in the life of lindsay lohan can be derived purely from playing her game , it 's a lot sillier and crass than kim kardashian 's . although in both games you 're similarly working towards meteoric fame , in lindsay lohan 's you play for fans . you begin the game with no identity and no fans . fans are earned by spending coins on items that will boost your star status . players must try and collect as many fans as possible , by engaging in ridiculous or unfavourable activities . all the fans : success in lindsay 's game is judged by how many fans you can generate and also how quickly you can . ankle bracelets will win you fans . oddly enough , ankle bracelets are one of the purchases that can be used to win fans at a faster rate . here 's where the silly element of lindsay lohan 's app really rears its head . lindsay lohan 's game offers less trend-led outfits as kim kardashian 's and seems to criticise the vacuity of showbiz . looks are n't everything . unlike kim kardashian 's app , lindsay lohan 's game instantly tells you at the beginning , while you 're choosing your outfit : 'don’t worry , nothing is permanent in show business . ' your character starts off completely naked , with just stars covering her private areas . the game almost seems to critique the humiliating , vacuous process of turning into a hollywood star . rather than placing an emphasis on outfits and make-up , it 's more about the ridiculous things you can choose to do . to generate fans quicker , you can choose to invest in publicity stunts , which include releasing nude selfies , having an elevator fights and even faking your death . sketchy activities are the norm . publicity investments can bring you an endless barrage of fame and increase your notoriety . options include : leaking a nude selfie , releasing a ghostwritten rap album , having an elevator fight , buying bum implants ( one cheek at a time no less ) , faking your death , and sleeping with a poet laureate . other investments also include phony rap beefs and nip slips . among the ridiculous activities that can bring you press and publicity , you can also choose to engage in embarrassing photo shoots ( pictured ) . it 's the little things that count . again , the idea of using money to directly buy your fame and influence is a key idea . coconut water and paparazzi repellent are amongst the ridiculous things you can purchase that will earn you fans . katy perry : unnamed app . to be released at the end of 2015 , the pop star has teamed up with none other than the app developers of kim kardashian 's lucrative app : glu mobile . the app is likely to work on the same premise as kim 's , whereby users attempt to become hollywood celebrities . but specifics have not yet been announced . tom hanks : hanx writer , free . inspired by the actor 's real-life fascination with type-writers , the app recreates the nostalgic experience of an actual type-writer ( noise and imagery included ) , but with the easy functionality of an ipad . in september of last year , the app topped the itunes charts . david hasselhoff : ask the hoff , free . in the style of a magic 8 ball , the actor 's app allows befuddled users to ask him for advice . it generates hilarious hoff-appropriate answers that will see you through any problem . samuel l jackson : isamjackson , £0.79 . the first thing to consider before downloading the actor 's app , is the warning : ' explicit ' . it works as a soundboard , whereby the user can select famous lines and jackson will deliver them with recordings of his world-famous sass ( and profanity ) . mariah carey : mariah carey-oke , £2.99 . exactly what is says on the tin , users can test their knowledge of the diva 's lyrics and vocal abilities . it uses voice recognition software to tell how well you can hit carey 's high notes . snoop dogg : snoopify , free . wildly popular , the app transforms users into virtual ' gangsters ' with the help of digital stickers . there are sunglasses , wads of cash , gold ' bling ' and neon wristwatches .