an iowa lottery worker is accused of manipulating the system to try and collect a $ 14.3million payday . eddie raymond tipton , 51 , of norwalk , iowa , was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in january for illegally playing the lottery and having a friend collect his prize , but now prosecutors say he used an intricate system to make sure he would win . they argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the random number generator selected his number in december 2010 , and that he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program . scroll down for video . eddie raymond tipton ( above ) of norwalk , iowa was charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery . now prosecutors believe the iowa lottery worker used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the system . ' there is sufficient evidence for a jury to reasonably conclude from the evidence that defendant tampered with lottery equipment , ' prosecutors wrote in their filing according to lottery post . his trial had been due to start monday but defense lawyers asked for it to be delayed to they could examine the new evidence . authorities had been trying to identify the winner of the $ 14.3 million hot lotto ticket since a new york lawyer tried to claim the prize shortly before the one-year deadline in 2011 . when attorney crawford shaw tried to claim the jackpot with the winning ticket in his hands , lottery officials confirmed the ticket was valid , but they refused to pay because shaw would n't name anyone involved with the purchase and handling of the ticket . he later withdrew the claim and said he did n't know the winner 's identity . then , authorities released a convenience store video in october which purported to show the mystery winner , in an attempt to help identify him , at which point a former co-worker of tipton 's subsequently contacted authorities and tipped them off . detectives then analyzed the ticket purchaser 's voice in the video and matched a license plate in the parking lot of the convenience store to tipton . authorities say tipton contacted two men in texas asking for help to claim the jackpot anonymously . it was only after he was arrested that police began to look into whether or not he had tampered with any equipment , at which point they claim it became clear he had used his computer skills to make certain he won . tipton reportedly told a coworker he had created a root kit shortly before he won the lottery , a self-destructing program that can do anything and then disappear without a trace . as for why he is never seen on the security camera installing this kit , prosecutors claim the cameras were programmed to change the way they record that day , and that tipton was one of five people that could do this . furthermore , the four other individuals will testify they did not manipulate the security cameras . tipton 's lawyer has said all these claims are impossible , and that his client did not hack the system . robert clark rhodes , who tried to claim the ticket , was arrested in march and also charged with two counts of fraud .