the huge build-up to england women 's under 19 replay against norway was truly bizarre and unprecedented . and it was a game only supposed to last for 18 seconds . leah williamson held incredible nerve to retake a penalty which she ought to have taken on saturday , were it not for german referee marjia kurtes ' terrific blunder . kurtes disallowed williamson 's penalty for encroachment from england players at the weekend , but instead of ordering her back to the spot , awarded a free-kick to norway . leah williamson ( centre ) stepped up again to take the penalty during the 18-second rematch against norway . williamson went the same way as her successful spot-kick last saturday and found the net once again . norwegian goalkeeper oda marie hove bogstad was unable to stop williamson 's brilliant effort . the england captain wheels away in celebration after handing her side a crucial 2-2 draw . but england were given a lifeline when uefa chiefs ruled it should be replayed . all match details from saturday , including the time of day the penalty was awarded , the venue , the players who were on the pitch , were ticked off by the swiss blazers and the game was restarted at 9.45pm . and that was a whole five hours after both had played their final elite round games in northern ireland . only kurtes was replaced , by referee kateryna zora . it began in what would have been the 96th minute , and ended 65 seconds later . leah said : ' they were the longest 24 hours of my life , i had n't slept . i think i was just excited , i went through so many emotions and just felt excitement , so i thought ' yep , that 's how i am going to feel ' ! ' we had a conversation just before i came out which was quite emotional , we have been through a bigger journey than some people go through in their whole careers because of what happened , it was never about me , it was about the team . the england players celebrate williamson 's penalty which earned them a 2-2 draw in belfast . england held on in the final moments to secure the draw and , with it , a place in this summer 's finals in israel . williamson blows a kiss to the crowd as mo marley 's side look ahead to this summer 's tournament . number of seconds played : 65.18 after the players returned to the centre circle . number of england players on the pitch : norway were already down to 10 outfield players , but england brought on a sub to replace one injured in the game vs switzerland . days between spot-kicks : five days between saturday 's clash and the controversial rematch . number of goals scored : 1 - the infamous penalty . ' when something is taken away from you like that , you realise just how much you want it , and that 's what happened . qualifying is such a huge deal for us , it 's massive . ' norway discovered minutes before the penalty was retaken they would qualify for the july finals in israel , as best runners-up across all elite round groups . had the penalty been missed , norway would have finished table-toppers , and the dutch would have progressed as best second-placed team . it was the most surreal football you could imagine , starting from the penalty spot , with none of the regular pomp of a competitive international , yet much more attention than a girls ' game normally yields . under-age women 's games in northern ireland , if the passionate hosts are n't playing , are usually lucky to attract treble figures . england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier on saturday . referee marija kurtes points to the spot as england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute . williamson steps up to take a penalty in the closing stages of the match against norway in belfast . williamson runs forward to strike the ball but team-mate rosella ayane ( circled ) has entered the box . williamson turns and celebrates as she slots the ball into the goalkeeper 's bottom-right corner . german referee marija kurtes officiating a women 's bundesliga match in munich last month . england players celebrate after they thought they had equalised against norway . but referee kurtes awards an indirect free-kick and the celebrations are cut short . williamson has the ball back in her hands ready for what she thought would be a retake . while the disgraced kurtes , who was sent home after her blunder , will be keen to shelve her nightmare , williamson 's name will crop up in pub quizzes for generations . england coach mo marley said : ' obviously the tournament has been tough and pretty much it 's about following through in the right way . we are happy we gave ourselves a chance to qualify and everything has turned out the way we wanted it , for norway as well . ' i know how hard these players have worked , credit to all of the other teams , and credit to norway , we deserve to be in the finals . ' it 's ironic because a lot of the hard work we did at the start of the week was about a long journey , handling the intense pressure of a tournament and tests to our resolve , which helped a lot . but williamson then realises the referee 's decision and two norwegian players are seen celebrating . german referee kurtes is understood to have been sent home following her error on saturday . ' everyone was aware of the possible outcomes , we may not have scored the penalty , we know that . ' we may not have got through . but we are just so tremendously happy . ' since this odd chain of events stemmed from an infringement of the game 's laws , uefa 's disciplinary committee did exactly the right thing in instructing for it to be replayed . but it sets a dangerous precedent . england 's appeal cost just £750 , which is repayable to the fa as it was successful , but was it lodged just because it 's arguably a lower level of football ? it triggers questions concerning how many more appeals of this nature could happen in the future . in a men 's senior england international , one presumes one of the tens of thousands of people would correct the referee , whereas perhaps the same ca n't be guaranteed with a three-figure crowd . indeed , would you have that inexcusable refereeing in the first place ? september 2005 - world cup qualifier - uzbekistan vs bahrain . uzbekistan had won the opening leg of the asian zone fourth-round play-off 1-0 at home but were left incensed after a penalty was disallowed in the 38th minute for an attacking player encroaching . rather than retaking the penalty , an indirect free-kick was wrongly awarded by japanese referee toshimitsu yoshida to bahrain and the game ended with a one-goal margin . uzbekistan called for an investigation but were left furious after fifa ordered the match to be replayed in its entirety with the result declared invalid . it proved to have a major impact as it was bahrain who eventually went through with a 1-1 away goals victory , though they were later beaten in the afc-concacaf play-off . bahrain staff and players celebrate after beating uzbekistan in an asian world cup qualifier in 2005 .