maths is a subject you either understand and enjoy or struggle through feeling rather bored . but a maths teacher from biola university in la mirada , california , may have just created the most interesting lesson ever . matthew weathers , who often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his youtube channel , put in a great deal of planning to pull off a lesson that would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room . matthew weathers , a teacher at biola university in california , often posts videos of himself tricking his class . this amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room . acting inconspicuously , mr weathers announces to his class that if they have any trouble with some of the things he has gone over in the lesson , they can look up the answers in one of his many helpful videos . loading one up on his screen in demonstration , the teacher watches a bit of the video before noticing that the content is backwards and stating that he is embarrassed . after acknowledging his supposed blunder again , the recorded version of mr weathers on the video screen suddenly halts his virtual lesson to confront the teacher in the classroom . the two then begin arguing before the virtual teacher states : ‘ oh , i’m embarrassing you , well why don’t you come over here and say that to my face . ’ pretending to question his sanity , the teacher says : ‘ wait , you’re just a video , how could i come over ? ’ as the virtual teacher begins telling him off , the real teacher leans out and ' pushes ' the screen back . the many pupils in the class can then be heard laughing in astonishment as his virtual counterpart begins pushing the side of the screen and shuffling towards the teacher . as the virtual teacher begins telling him off , the real teacher leans out and pushes the screen back to where it was originally . the man in the video stumbles as the pupils laugh hysterically at what they are seeing . continuing to argue , the pair fight against each other and shove the video box from left to right before the teacher announces that his counterpart needs sorting out . he then moves the top part of his body behind the large projection screen and miraculously appears on the screen of the computer . the many pupils in the class can then be heard laughing in astonishment during the argument . fighting against each other some more , the pair then start throwing the computer’s icons from the dashboard at each other – one flying past the virtual screen and into the room . managing to break free from the box , the virtual teacher turns the tables and ' traps ' the real teacher inside , telling him that he is now stuck inside the video . wearing a baseball cap sideways , the rogue teacher closes the video causing the top-half of the real teacher to disappear before heading over to the legs – that dangle from beneath the screen – and attaching himself to them . the teacher then re-emerges from behind the screen wearing the baseball cap and the class erupt with laughter . the video concludes with the teacher announcing a quiz and the class clapping in admiration .