two germanwings flights have been forced to make emergency landings in two days - one over a suspected oil leak and another after a passenger and a cabin crew member fell ill . today , germanwings flight 4u814 to venice was diverted to stuttgart as the airbus a319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil , the airline said in a statement . the flight , which had 123 passengers and five crew members on board , took off from cologne at 9.55am local time . germanwings , a budget unit of german airline lufthansa , has been in the spotlight after one of its planes crashed into a mountain in the french alps last week , killing everyone on board . scroll down for video . germanwings said a passenger and a flight attendant suffered ' an acute feeling of sickness ' . the carrier said the pilots shut off one of the aircraft 's engines and headed for stuttgart when the problem was detected . ' this is a standard safety procedure . it was not an emergency landing , ' it said , adding the aircraft was being examined by technicians . yesterday , another germanwings plane was forced to make an unscheduled landing in venice after a passenger and a flight attendant fell ill during the flight , the budget carrier says . a statement issued by the cologne-based airline said the pair required medical treatment for ' an acute feeling of sickness ' , disputing reports that the twin-engine plane landed after a nervous passenger suffered a panic attack . the unscheduled stop occurred less than two weeks after a germanwings plane crashed into the french alps , killing all 150 people on board . in yesterday 's incident , an airbus a319 was carrying 145 passengers and five crew members from hanover , germany to rome when it diverted to venice . flight 4u3882 was nearing the conclusion of its one hour and 40 minute journey when it turned around north-east of bologna and landed at venice marco polo airport . the airbus a319 turned around north-east of bologna and landed at venice marco polo airport . passenger eugenio bartolini , a schoolteacher from rome , told italian newspaper il messaggero that a woman seated in the row behind him was assessed by medics because she had ' a fear of flying ' and was ' apprehensive ' . he said the plane departed 10 minutes behind schedule , but nothing was out of the ordinary until it flew over the alps , turned around and began to descend . passengers did n't know what was happening until they landed in venice and the captain made an announcement over the tannoy . mr bartolini , as quoted by the local , told il messaggero : ' the captain , speaking in english , told us that two people , a member of the crew and a passenger , had been taken ill and that was why he had decided to stop at venice . ' passengers disembarked and waited inside the terminal while the ill passenger and flight attendant were checked over . germanwings told mailonline travel that the flight attendant was unable to reboard , so a replacement aircraft with an additional crew member had to be flown to venice to pick up the passengers . once the plane arrived they continued their journey to rome , where the flight landed about five hours late at leonardo da vinci-fiumicino airport . after landing at venice 's seaside airport passengers had to wait for a replacement aircraft to arrive ( file photo ) . in a statement , germanwings told mailonline travel : ' the reason [ for the unscheduled landing ] was that one passenger and one flight attendant had to go into medical treatment due to acute feeling of sickness . ' a replacing plane coming from hamburg [ transported ] the passengers to rome . due to one crew member less a continuation of flight 4u3882 is not possible since according to legal regularities an airbus a319 always needs three crew members . ' germanwings was a little-known subsidiary of lufthansa until flight 4u9525 crashed into the french alps while flying from barcelona to dusseldorf on 24 march . investigators believe 27-year-old co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately crashed the airbus a320 after locking the captain out of the cockpit . data from the second black box recorder found that lubitz used the automatic pilot to put the plane into a descent and accelerated the doomed airliner into the mountain .