raheem sterling 's controversial 'it's-not-about-the-money ' campaign led him to the emirates stadium , where liverpool and arsenal fans united to protest against the rising price of football for travelling fans . '£5bn and what do we get ? £64 a ticket ' read one banner , held across the home and away fans before kick-off . hopefully the irony was n't lost on sterling , even if it did not interfere with his football . it was a difficult afternoon for raheem sterling , who toiled as arsenal surged to victory over liverpool . sterling ( centre ) is crowded out by arsenal players as he struggled to impose himself on the game . sterling was brought down by hector bellerin for liverpool 's penalty , which was only a consolation . sterling tussles with per mertersacker ( left ) and struggled to repeatedly threaten arsenal 's defence . crowd reaction : quite indifferent . a few jeers from the arsenal fans now and then , but nothing serious . they would n't want to put him off . after all , he 's flattered by the interest . no notable dissent from liverpool fans , away in the far corner . they joined his appeals for a penalty when he had been nudged over by hector bellerin . body language : good . bright and busy . energetic , showed willingly for the ball and did n't shirk the physical battle with per mertesacker in the first half . keen to pick up the ball and run in the second half . liverpool manager brendan rodgers looks on as sterling watches the play unfold . sterling was positioned in an advanced role for liverpool , a position he admits he prefers playing . sterling looks dejected as liverpool were comfortably beaten by arsenal in the premier league . position : started up front where he likes it ( and not at wing-back where it seems he doesn’t ) because daniel sturridge was only fit enough for the bench after the hip injury which ruled him out of england duty . jordan henderson deputised at right-wing-back . sturridge came on to replace lazar markovic at the break , with liverpool three down . sterling dropped to be one of the support strikers , from the left . mertesacker ( right ) puts in a challenge on sterling in the early saturday game in the premier league . sterling ( left ) is challenged by arsenal 's attacking midfielder mesut ozil in the game at the emirates . form : early tackle from laurent koscielny which left him on his back , holding his foot . slid one shot wide form edge of box . unable to reach a pass from markovic when markovic should have taken on the shot . more involved after the break when he switched to the left wing and liverpool threw caution to the wind . really came to life in the last 20 minutes , winning the penalty scored by henderson , 15 minutes from time , when fouled by bellerin . sterling ( right ) takes the ball beyond arsenal midfield player aaron ramsey at the emirates . sterling ( centre ) is blocked off by bellerin of arsenal , who scored the opener after 37 minutes . interaction . limited . played up front alone . nothing much to celebrate . hugs and handshakes after the match for a few arsenal players but not with his team-mates . joined his team-mates when they trudged over to applaud the fans at the end and left the pitch in conversation with sturridge . sterling ( right ) shares a joke with daniel sturridge in the warm-up before the game against arsenal . sterlign ( right ) gets a delivery into the penalty area as bellerin attempts to block . sterling ( right ) trudges off of the pitch after being humbled by arsenal in a 4-1 loss at the emirates . verdict : among liverpool’s better players , but unable to seize the game and produce the sort of performance that would enhance his negotiating stance and convince the world he belongs at the very top .