a former premier league footballer ' cast his net around ' for players willing to take part in a plot to fix lower league matches , a court has heard . ex-bolton wanderers striker delroy facey , 34 , is alleged to have become involved in the ' ugly side ' of his sport by acting as a middleman for two men who have already been convicted of match-fixing . facey , who also played for west bromwich albion and hull city , denies conspiracy to commit bribery and is standing trial at birmingham crown court alongside former non-league player moses swaibu , who also denies the charges . delroy facey ( right ) arrives at birmingham crown court for the start of his trial on monday . he is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches . facey ( right ) celebrates after scoring for bolton wanderers in the premier league in 2003 . opening the crown 's case against both facey and swaibu at the start of a three-week trial , prosecutor nick mather told jurors they would not need to know anything about football to try the defendants . mr mather told the jury panel : ' football in this case is really nothing more than a means to an end - it 's an opportunity to make money . ' it 's described sometimes as the beautiful game but football has an ugly side to it as well , and it 's that ugly side we are going to be looking at . ' after explaining to jurors that match-fixers chann sankaran and krishna ganeshan were found guilty of conspiracy to commit bribery at a previous trial , mr mather alleged that swaibu was one of the players they had tried to corrupt . sankaran and ganeshan , both from the far east , were at the centre of the conspiracy , the court heard , having travelled to britain with the specific purpose of fixing matches . defendant moses swaibu ( right ) on the ball during an fa cup match between lincoln and bolton in 2010 . the crown alleges that the plot - which aimed to profit from rigged bets - targeted the lower leagues because of the high level of scrutiny surrounding the premier league . swaibu played at a semi-professional level between 2009 and 2014 , including stints with london-based sutton fc and brighton club whitehawk . jurors were also given details of facey 's career , which included a spell at lincoln city in which he earned around £65,000 during the 2010/11 season . describing facey 's alleged role in the conspiracy , mr mather added : ' he was a middleman , a fixer . he was somebody who cast his net around to find players who might be willing to take part in match-fixing . ' by the time of the alleged conspiracy in november 2013 , mr mather told the court , facey was earning considerably less than previously . ' that may well have been his motivation , the prosecution say , for what took place , ' mr mather said of facey 's reduced income . facey ( top ) in action for west brom during a match against norwich city in march 2004 . informing jurors that another footballer , former whitehawk fc defender michael boateng , was also found guilty at a previous trial , mr mather said there was no doubt that an agreement to fix lower league matches occurred . ' this case is not about whether this scheme existed , ' the prosecutor told the jury . ' the issue for you to decide is whether you are sure that firstly , delroy facey , and secondly moses swaibu , was a part of that agreement . ' this case is focused on them and what they did , and why they did it . ' facey , from woodhouse hill , huddersfield , and 25-year-old swaibu , of tooley street , bermondsey , south london , deny conspiring together with others to commit bribery between november 1 and 27 , 2013 . mr mather said betting on football was not confined to the premier league and extended from the very top of the sport down to semi-professional leagues . lower league games in the football conference had been targeted , mr mather claimed , partly because highly-paid professionals would have to be offered ' astronomical ' sums to even think about becoming involved in corruption . huddersfield 's facey ( left ) vies with brentford 's michael dobson during an old second division match in 2002 . the conspiracy came to the attention of the national crime agency after initial inquiries by a private investigator who wanted to expose match-fixing led to the identification of sankaran . a national newspaper then became involved , the court was told , and sankaran arrived in the uk in november 2013 . during a meeting with an undercover investigator on november 16 , sankaran is alleged to have made unsuccessful attempts to contact footballers and made reference to an agent named delroy who used to play for bolton . at that point , the court heard , the national crime agency took over the investigation , deploying a covert officer to gather evidence . the officer met sankaran five days later and mobile phones belonging to the defendants , including facey , were subsequently seized . mr mather will continue his opening speech to the jury on tuesday . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .