atten-shun ! the three leaders’ wives were on parade yesterday , marching across the country in support of their men , in support of the political party into which they married , in support of desperately important employment issues – keeping their idiot husbands in a job . in the corridors of power , samantha cameron , justine miliband and miriam clegg proved once more that they are the ones who wear the trousers , in more ways than one . indeed , samantha and justine marched out in almost identical uniforms ; dark slacks and blazers , paired with crisp shirts and sensible shoes . they looked like a pair of lady pilots from the budget deficit airline , ready for their long haul flight to or from the land of austerity , depending on whose husband wins . the only accessory missing were their welfare caps , which they must have left at home . scroll down for video . in the corridors of power , samantha cameron , justine miliband ( left ) and miriam clegg ( right ) proved once more that they are the ones who wear the trousers , in more ways than one . sam cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west london . well , almost . badge on lapel , leaflets in hand , smart white loafers tripping lightly over the hounslow flagstones , she looked every inch the groomed and polished loyal conservative wife . that was until she visited a sikh family for a cup of tea . mrs cameron respectfully took her shoes off before entering the home of local businessman baljinder hansraas and before anyone could scream : ‘ holy footcream ! ’ she unleashed them . out popped a pair of startling tootsies , displaying what might just have been a hint of a bunion . all across the home counties , fragrant tory women fell into a dead faint . for sam cam’s seldom seen feet seemed ever so slightly unkempt , unusual from a woman noted for her effortless elegance . they didn’t even seem very tory toenails . shriek – not even a drop of nail polish ! i don’t know what the grooming squad will have to say about that , but i doubt it will be very flattering . sam cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west london . well , almost . badge on lapel , leaflets in hand , smart white loafers tripping lightly over the hounslow flagstones , she looked every inch the groomed and polished loyal conservative wife . perhaps we should not be too harsh . not many women would come out smelling of roses and peppermint foot lotion if they unexpectedly had to reveal their workaday feet , still slightly steaming from punishing the pavements , to the nation . yesterday’s shock unveiling of crinkletoes cameron was reminiscent of a moment during the last election , when sarah brown’s mangled trotters were revealed on a visit to a hindu temple . the same furore greeted brown’s podiatric horror story . and the message was the same . woman goes out in public without painted toenails ? the end of civilisation is nigh . poor sam cam . if she had unveiled the perfect trimmed pedicure and three glistening coats of rouge noir , she would be accused of being self-indulgent . wasting money on luxuries or wandering around with battered trotters . she can’t win . but in this election , who can ? justine resolutely wore the exact same outfit she wore last week , sending out a take me serious message that clothes don’t matter . campaigning in bradford , she looked like a grim pixie determined to prove to the milifans that her man was the man . or something like that . it was left to miriam to show a bit of wackitude , pulling on a huge smile , a pair of lib dem yellow chinos and a nautical breton top ; she looked like tweety pie reporting for duty on the good ship doomed . miriam dragged her husband nick along to a cookery lesson at a wiltshire primary school . aprons on , they exchanged loving looks as they and the pupils were shown how to make a variety of desserts using apples and blackberries . soft fruit , fool , pudding and crumble ? that is the history of the lib dems right there . just a week to go and the wifely bandwagon rolls on . their role is to be there , be visible , be bland and say nothing of import . in this carefully manicured – if not pedicured – election , the days of loudmouth cherie wading in like a docker with gout have long gone . i almost miss them . today’s wives must smile nicely . today’s wives must not rock the boat . today’s wives must wear ordinary high street clothes and nothing that hints at their secret , massive wealth – although samantha’s two hundred quid spotty blouse must have slipped under tory central office radar . above all , however , today’s wives must remember that pulling your socks up is not as important as keeping them on . 