a 90-year-old grandmother will not receive the $ 41million jackpot she thought she won at an iowa slot machine after the state supreme court ruled her wining pull was caused by a software error . pauline mckee thought she hit it big in 2011 when , after putting a penny in the ' miss kitty ' game at the isle hotel casino in waterloo , the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $ 41,797,550.16 . but on friday the iowa supreme court determined mckee , who has thirteen grandchildren , had actually only won $ 1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game . the unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay mckee because the game 's rules stated that the maximum award was $ 10,000 and that bonus awards were not allowed . pauline mckee , 90 , will not receive the $ 41million jackpot she thought she won from the slots at the isle hotel casino ( pictured ) in waterloo , iowa after the state supreme court ruled her win came from a software error . ' i had my doubts from the start , because that 's a lot of money for a penny machine , ' mckee told the chicago tribune after the ruling . ' i was hoping to help my children out financially , but it was n't meant to be . ' justice edward mansfield wrote that the game 's rules and pay table , which are available for reading on the machine , amount to a contract between the casino and the player . the contract is binding , whether or not the player reads the rules , he said . ' any message appearing on the screen indicating the patron would receive a $ 41million bonus was a gratuitous promise , ' mansfield wrote in a ruling that dismissed mckee 's lawsuit . ' the casino 's failure to pay it could not be challenged as a breach of contract . ' stacey cormican , one of the casino 's attorneys , said the court 's decision will ensure fairness in iowa 's large gambling industry . ' casinos are required to post rules and follow those rules . if either the patrons or casinos could change the rules in the middle of the game , it would be absolutely chaos , ' she said . cormican said the casino could have been forced into bankruptcy if the court had ruled in mckee 's favor . a $ 41 million payout would amount to about half of the gross revenue the casino generated last year . mckee , a widow , was playing the penny slots with her daughter during a family reunion when she thought she won the life-changing bonus . casino officials investigated the machine after she informed an attendant that she had won the jackpot . the unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay mckee because the rules of the ' miss kitty ' game ( pictured ) stated that the maximum award was $ 10,000 and did not allow for bonus awards . the machine was reviewed by the iowa racing and gaming commission and it 's hardware and software was analyzed in a laboratory , which discovered the erroneous bonus message . in 2010 aristocrat technologies inc. , the game 's manufacturer , also warned casinos that the machine 's hardware was susceptible to displaying ' legacy bonus ' awards that had not actually been won . a sign on the casino 's game read that ' malfunction voids all pays and plays ' . the casino gave mckee a $ 10 card to play while she waited during the initial investigation and eventually paid for her family 's rooms . mckee sued the casino in 2012 after the commission determined the casino did n't have to pay-out because of the machine 's glitch . her lawyers argued that the casino had an implied contract with the customers to pay whatever number they were awarded on the slot machine , according to the chicago tribune . judge mansfield found the argument to be ' contrary to precedent and general contract principles , ' he wrote . as for mckee , she said she will not be playing the slots at isle hotel anytime soon . ' they did n't give me anything except what i had on the machine , ' she said . ' if they 're not going to give me any money at all , that 's terrible . '