an italian priest has been sacked amid claims that he took part in gay orgies with a swiss guard . the prelate was sacked from a religious order in taranto after one of his online lovers contacted the church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes , role play and explicit gay web chats . the priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played the disciple judas escariot , and had to atone for his betrayal of jesus by becoming his slave . controversy : news of prelate being sacked after an online lover contacted taranto church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes is just the latest sex scandal to engulf the vatican . the diocese confirmed that the priest had been dismissed but claimed there were no other prelates involved . turn-on : the priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play in which his lover played judas iscariot , and had to atone for his betrayal of jesus ( pictured ) . a 32-year-old man , from rovigo in northeast italy , claimed he was contacted by the unnamed priest around six months ago on facebook . the man , an unemployed labourer , said he was having problems at the time and thought that ' it could have been a sign from heaven . ' ' i needed spiritual help , ' he told corriere della sera . the priest revealed that he was gay during online chats and attempted to seduce the labourer . ' he told me my pictures made him excited and asked me to send him an intimate photo , ' the man claimed . the pair also had a video conversation via skype , during which the priest was allegedly naked . the priest allegedly said that he had organised orgies with priests and a swiss guard , although church authorities have not said anyone else was involved . the labourer said that he was not gay but did not want to risk losing the spiritual support of the priest , who he claimed even convinced him to leave his girlfriend . ' he told me that he liked guys , especially young ones , and that he could do everything for them , also help them to buy clothes , mobile phones and recharge costs , ' he claimed . protection : the italian priest was sacked amid claims that he took part in gay orgies with a swiss guard . the swiss guard serves as the de facto military of vatican city . a statement by the diocese of taranto said : ' regarding the reports about a parish priest in the archdiocese of taranto or rather his morally reprehensible conduct , utterly incompatible with ministry , the curia notes the following . ' the priest in question who is not part of the taranto clergy but of a religious order has been removed from pastoral care by bishop filippo santoro after verifying the facts . ' the religious are no longer in taranto since last week . in the documents with the ecclesiastical court there is no trace of other priests being involved . '