amazon has won approval from u.s. federal regulators to test the latest version of its delivery drone outdoors , less than a month after the e-commerce powerhouse blasted regulators for being slow to approve commercial drone testing . the federal aviation administration had earlier given the green light to an amazon prototype drone in march , but the company told u.s. lawmakers less than a week later that the prototype had already become obsolete while it waited more than six months for the agency 's permission . the faa granted amazon 's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter dated wednesday , posted on the agency 's website . scroll down for video . the company must supply monthly data to the regulators , and conduct flights at 400 feet ( 120 metres ) orbelow and in ' visual meteorological conditions , ' amazon is developing aerial vehicles as part of amazon prime air . the aircraft can travel at more than 50mph and carry loads of up to 5 pounds . about 86 percent of amazon 's deliveries are 5 pounds or less , the company said . ' we believe customers will love it , and we are committed to making prime air available to customers worldwide as soon as we are permitted to do so , ' amazon has said . amazon must keep flights at an altitude of no more than 400 feet ( 120 meters ) and no faster than 100 miles per hour ( 160 km per hour ) , according to the letter . seattle-based amazon.com has been pursuing its goal of sending packages to customers by air , using small , self-piloted aircraft , even as it faces public concern about safety and privacy . the company wants to use drones to deliver packages to its customers over distances of 10 miles ( 16 km ) or more , which would require drones to travel autonomously while equipped with technology to avoid collisions with other aircraft . in february , the faa proposed long-awaited rules to try to set u.s. guidelines for drones , addressing growing interest from both individual and corporations in using unmanned aerial vehicles . amazon did not immediately respond to requests for comment . previously the firm blasted federal regulators for being slow to approve commercial drone testing - and warned the united states is falling behind other countries in the potentially lucrative area of unmanned aviation technology . less than a week after the federal aviation administration gave amazon.com the green light to test a delivery drone outdoors , the company told u.s. lawmakers that the prototype drone had already become obsolete while the company waited more than six months for the agency 's permission . ' nowhere outside of the united states have we been required to wait more than one or two months to begin testing , ' misener said in written testimony submitted to the senate subcommittee on aviation operations , safety and security . misener said amazon had applied on friday for permission to test a more advanced drone system and now hopes for quicker approval . the amazon.com case illustrates the frustrations of many companies and industry lobbyists , who say the u.s. regulatory process is not keeping up with rapidly developing drone technology that could generate new revenues and cost savings for a range of industries . misener , who was scheduled to join a witness panel at the subcommittee hearing , said european and other international authorities have more ' reasonable ' approaches that recognize the potential economic benefits of commercial drone operations . ' this low level of government attention and slow pace are inadequate , especially compared to the regulatory efforts in other countries , ' misener said . ' the ( faa ) already has adequate statutory authority . ' what the faa needs is impetus , lest the united states fall further behind , ' he added . the faa recently proposed rules that would lift the current ban on most commercial drone flights , but several restrictions attached would make package delivery and other business applications unfeasible . among other constraints , the proposed rules would limit commercial drones to an altitude of 500 feet ( 150 metres ) , allow flights only during daytime and require operators to keep the aircraft in sight at all times . the agency does not expect to finalize the rules until late 2016 or early 2017 , according to government officials .