britons are treating themselves to furniture , clothing and meals out again as the economy recovers , a new report has found . a study of people 's spending habits shows people are buying luxury items amid falling prices and rising wages . spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months , while entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre , cinema , museums and amusement parks . spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months , a new report has revealed . analysis showed spending on women 's clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year , and 4 per cent for men . electronics spend has risen 7 per cent in the last year , as consumers buy expensive phones and tablet computers , while furniture has jumped by 5 per cent , with more people sprucing up their homes . it comes on the same day that official figures are expected to show britain has entered its first period of deflation since 1960 . inflation is expected to fall into negative territory after the price of fuel , food and energy bills plummeted in recent months . low grocery and household bills has given family finances a boost , encouraging people to spend more . barclaycard , which processes almost half of credit and debt transactions in the uk , found consumers had used this opportunity to update their wardrobes . analysis showed spending on women 's clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year , and 4 per cent for men 's clothing . a separate survey of 2,000 respondents by barclaycard also found people were feeling more confident about their finances . a fifth of people are delaying a major purchase until after the general election , a study shows . a survey found over half of people were concerned about how the outcome will affect their personal finances . almost half of these said they were worried about the impact of the election – irrelevant of who wins . people said they had delayed buying various ' big ticket ' items until after may 7 , including family holidays and furniture . it follows concerns that a new government could lead to a flood of new financial and fiscal policies , affecting their family finances or job security . the findings emerged in a survey of 2,000 people commissioned by barclaycard . valerie soranno keating , of barclaycard , said : ' the forthcoming uk general election is also causing some uncertainty . ' but overall , this report shows that the uk consumer is now firmly feeling the impact of the recovery and they are voting to enjoy their new-found fiscal flexibility . ' three-quarters of people do not worry about living within their means each month , while two-thirds say they are now happy to spend money on 'non-essential items ' . half of people who expect to increase their spending over the next few months say this was driven by a desire to treat themselves and others . many said they had been ' cautious for a long time ' but now want to splash out . since the survey was last conducted three months ago , a higher proportion of britons now have more confidence in global economies , their own job security and their personal finances . while people are increasingly eating meals out , most are not being reckless with their habits . over a third say they never go to fine-dining restaurants and most prefer a traditional british pub . howard archer , of ihs global insight , said : ' when people feel better off , they are more prepared to go out to restaurants . ' the fall in petrol prices and muted food prices will give them a bit more discretionary income . ' consumer confidence is at its highest level for about nine or ten years . ' rather than delaying purchases in anticipation that prices will fall , i think a lot of consumers are taking advantage of the boost to their purchasing power and spending happily . ' valerie soranno keating , of barclaycard , said : ' uk consumers are starting to feel more optimistic about both the economy and their own prospects , and this is feeding through into their shopping habits . ' falling prices and a strengthening economy have given people the confidence to spend more freely and they have taken the opportunity to treat themselves , with spend on discretionary items rising as consumers worry less about covering the cost of essentials . ' low grocery and household bills has given family finances a boost , encouraging people to spend more . but she said the financial crisis was still at the forefront of people 's minds and families remained cautious about spending beyond their means , like they did in the run-up to the recession in 2008 . ' while the data shows a generally very positive picture , consumers still remember the lessons of the prolonged downturn . ' the ' new normal ' – fiscal prudence , a desire to balance the budget and an ongoing search for value – remains a feature of the shopping landscape ' , she said . the study found the general election had created some uncertainty , with over half of people saying they were concerned about the impact the outcome could have on their personal finances . one in five are postponing a major purchase , such as a family holiday , until after the may 7 election is decided . 