a leading hospital has slashed cases of a deadly infection that can kill newborn babies – by defying national guidelines to offer all pregnant women a simple screening test . government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for group b strep , known as gbs . this is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the uk every year . one in ten will die . current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be ' at risk ' . scroll down for video . belinda bowman , 37 , lost her daughter lily after she contracted gbs during labour and developed meningitis and septicaemia . she was just three days old . but a programme which offered screening to all expectant women at northwick park nhs hospital in north-west london resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants among those who were tested and subsequently treated with antibiotics . the only recorded cases during the 12-month programme affected babies of women who had not agreed to be tested . crucially , clinicians noted that half of the women who tested positive for gbs would not have been classified as ' at risk ' under the current guidelines – so their babies would not have been protected . the uk national screening committee carried out a review in 2012 in collaboration with the royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists , the royal college of midwives and nhs england . it concluded that not all women who test positive for gbs will go on to develop the infection or pass it on to their babies , so blanket screening would mean pregnant women would be unnecessarily given antibiotics , which carry their own risks to the foetus . some studies link antibiotics used in pregnancy and labour to obesity and asthma . in premature babies an increased risk of cerebral palsy has been associated with use of some antibiotics in labour . yet these results confound the decision , prompting calls for the government to introduce universal testing for pregnant women during standard ante-natal appointments , as is the case in germany , france and the us . a programme which offered screening to all expectant women at northwick park nhs hospital in north-west london resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants among those who were tested . jane plumb , chief executive of the charity group b strep support , said : ' the risk-based strategy has failed to reduce the rate of gbs infection , and these findings contradict the party line that the risks of screening every woman would outweigh the benefits . ' the consultant microbiologist who introduced the screening programme at northwick park , dr guduru gopal rao , said : ' there was a substantial burden of infection in our local community which was not being prevented by the national guidelines . ' our work shows that gbs screening of all expectant mothers can work and is likely to be more effective than the current risk based approach . ' dr richard nicholl , consultant neonatal paediatrician at london north west healthcare nhs trust , said he had seen more than 100 babies with gbs in 20 years . he said : ' it can lead to serious illness and high mortality rates so it is much better to prevent the infection , rather than attempt to treat it . ' since we began our comprehensive screening programme , i have not seen a new case in the babies of the mothers we have screened . ' the makers of a new style of leggings claim they will reduce the appearance of cellulite in just 30 days , thanks to the garment 's 'dimple-destroying ' crystal technology . the crystal smooth anti-cellulite leggings are made from a fibre woven with bio-active crystals , which absorb body heat to stimulate blood flow and lymphatic drainage . gbs is the most common cause of infection in newborn babies in the uk . harmless when carried by women , it can prove fatal to babies who contract it when passing through the birth canal . many develop meningitis and septicaemia and , if they survive , can be left with life-altering disabilities . known as the enhanced culture method , the test simply involves taking a swab from the woman . it would cost the nhs approximately £11 per patient . belinda bowman , 37 , lost her daughter lily after she contracted gbs during labour and developed meningitis and septicaemia . she was just three days old . belinda , who has three older children , had asked a midwife for a gbs test when she went to be induced at st peter 's hospital , chertsey , in may 2013 after noticing some unusual discharge . but she was told it was ' not standard practice ' and there was ' no reason ' to give her test . mrs bowman said : ' what hurts most is that lily 's death was entirely preventable . ' mrs bowman is now involved in a legal battle with the hospital over claims that staff repeatedly failed to spot how seriously ill lily was after her birth . she is being represented by law firm leigh day . bond girl naomie 's on a fitness mission . she 's the british bond girl with a body to die for . now the secret of miss moneypenny naomie harris 's killer figure is out , after the actress was spotted at a fitness class at champneys health spa near tring , hertfordshire . the star , 38 , pictured with 007 daniel craig at the skyfall premiere in rome , tried out the essentrics class at champneys health spa near tring , in hertfordshire . the star , 38 , tried out the spa 's essentrics class during a break to recharge her batteries after filming the upcoming bond blockbuster , spectre . the essentrics method promises to sculpt and strengthen the waist , legs and bottom . a source said : ' naomie checked in for a weekend and was keen to try out essentrics . it really works those muscles .