an american company claims to have invented a ' teabag ' that can turn an ordinary pint of lager into a craft beer the same way hot water is turned into brew . the hop theory 'beer-bag ' contains a blend of hops , fruit peels and natural spices , and promises to turn light beer into craft after just two minutes of steeping . however , despite nearly reaching its crowd-funding target , the project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading about what constitutes as ' craft beer ' . scroll down for video . transformation : the hop theory sachets promises to turn lager into craft beer in just two minutes . hop theory , based in maryland , is nearing its $ 25,000 target on crowd-funding site kickstarter to produce its first blend , claiming it will turn lager into ' craft beer ' in just two to four minutes . bobby gattuso , who founded the company as a biology student in 2013 , hopes to revolutionise beer drinking . ' craft beer excels in taste but it 's expensive . light beer is cost effective and low in calories but lacks flavour , and with hop theory , an average beer becomes craft . ' emily williamson of independent brewery cheddar ales in somerset , england , is sceptical to the idea of ' tea bag ' beer . ' firstly , adding hops , flavouring herbs , peels during the brewing process is about stabilizing those ingredients to make them safe for consumption . ' secondly , and most importantly , the boiling phase is when your wort ( the unfermented liquid extracted from the mashing process ) concentrates , and flavours , aroma and balance are carefully adjusted to create the complexity people of our beer drinking generation are after . ' new drink : after a short infusion of two minutes , the blend of hops , dried fruit and spices will have changed the taste of a lighter lager into that on par with a craft beer . new ideas : the relativity blend contains dried and ground orange peel , cascade hops and ground coriander seeds , and is set to hit the market this summer . ms williamson adds that the claim that the hop theory sachets can make a lager taste like a craft beer could also ' mislead people ' . ' to add a sachet to a pre-balanced , pre-made beer will only add a glimmer of the flavours available in traditionally made beers . ' for example our latest brew , firewitch spicy farmhouse saison , has had citrus peel in it for over two weeks , which really allows for a multitude of flavours to release into the brew . ' so , without tasting the product , i can only guess that it wo n't add anywhere near the depth of flavour that the actual brewing process can achieve as it 's not inherent to the structure . ' hannah rhodes , founder of hiver beers , says : ' good quality beer is more expensive because avoiding shortcuts and brewing naturally takes time , normally 3 to 6 times longer than that of it 's mainstream competitors . ' ' here at hiver , the honeys we source are fermented at the start of the process along with the cereals , and by not adding honey for flavouring at the end , you get a lovely crisp and refreshing finish and not something that 's sweet or cloying or artificial . ' the entrepreneurs behind the hop theory have spotted a great opportunity and i honestly think , anything that encourages people to think more seriously about what they eat and drink and experiment with taste , flavour and quality , is a good thing , so i wish them the best of luck . ' their words are echoed by durham atkinson , owner of london craft beer pub and brewery hops & glory . ' in all honesty , i am not convinced that the attention to the brewing process in craft beer can be outdone in a sachet . ' the countless hours brewers spend watching their boil , trying and testing their beers and tweaking recipes and temperatures countless times i doubt can be solved by this product . i would however give it a go to see if a tasteless lager is improved by the sachet . ' reusable : each sachet can be used in up to four beers , so keeps both costs and calories down . guide : a graphic from mr gattuso 's kickstarter campaign describes how to use the hop theory sachets . hop theory 's first blend relativity contains dried and ground orange peel , cascade hops and ground coriander seeds , with another four blends planned for this year - raspberry , pumpkin , double ipa and peach . each 5g hop theory sachet can transfuse up to four beers , so one bag could keep the drinker going for a session at the pub . the first infusion will take between two and four minutes , but once the bag is wet , any further uses will only take about 30 seconds to transfuse , mr gattuso says . ' we have been meticulously fine-tuning the perfect balance of ingredients to create our first blend and are finally ready to begin production . ' hop theory is here to add customisation to the beer industry . ' there 's only five calories in each sachet , so it improves a light beer without adding pounds or going penniless . ' it took a long time to create the perfect blend but finally relativity was born and as our first blend , we think we nailed it . it is delicious and refreshing . ' no longer will you have to settle for what 's being served or dream about the beer you could be having . ' we simply want to to give everyone control over how their beer tastes . ' the first beerbags will be delivered in july this year , and 12 sachets cost $ 14.95 ( £10 ) .