tiger woods has revealed his wrist bone popped out after he swung and hit a tree root during the final round of the masters on sunday . the 39-year-old was on the ninth hole when he found himself 470 yards away from the pin with the ball nestled in pine straws . however when he followed through , the four-time champion at augusta slammed the club into a root , causing him to wince and grab his hand in agony . it forced the joint out of place , but woods shunned medical attention and simply pushed it back in himself . tiger woods looks in agony after his club came into contact with a tree root on the ninth hole at augusta . he later revealed his wrist bone had ' popped out ' of place . the 39-year-old is clearly in agony as he is forced to drop his club on the follow through . he then grabs his wrist and winces . after finishing his round he revealed that his wrist bone had popped out - so he was forced to put it back in . his reaction prompted concerns he may have suffered another injury setback . however he managed to shake off the scare and finish his round . woods , playing in his 20th masters tournament , ended up at 5-under-par on 283 , tied for 17th . ' it hurts ; it definitely hurts , ' woods said . ' i did n't know there was a tree root there . i drilled the club straight into it . it did n't move , but my body kept moving . ' there 's a little joint that popped out , and i was able to somehow put it back in , which did n't feel very good . ' at least i got it back in ; i could move my hand again . it 's sore . i 'm not going to be lifting any weights for a while . ' he also admitted that he may not return to the course for a while . despite finishing 13 strokes behind 21-year-old winner jordan spieth , this was woods ' best finish in a tournament in over a year . spieth became the youngest winner since woods when he was given the coveted green jacket on sunday . after his final putt he went an embraced his tearful childhood sweetheart annie verret . the texan native , whose life-long dream has been to win the masters , was undoubtedly being watched on television at home by his youngest sibling , ellie , who was born with a neurological disorder that places her on the autism spectrum . ellie has helped to keep spieth grounded , according to their mother . speaking after his win , spieth said : ' it was very nerve-wracking today . i did n't sleep all last night . just got out here and got in a little rhythm . with two major champions right behind , i could n't let up . it was the most incredible week of my life . this is as great as it gets in our sport . it was remarkable . he added : ' i saw my family and friends right behind the green there , and knew it was going to be a done deal . i 'm still kind of in shock a little bit . ' spieth 's victory comes a year after he lost a bid to become the youngest player to win the masters . this year , he did not let anyone get closer to him than three shots following his record start . he closed with a 2-under 70 , missing a 5-foot par putt on the final hole that would have set another record . the four-time masters champion managed to shake off the injury to finish the competition at 5-under-par . 21-year-old jordan spieth ( centre ) celebrates his first masters victory with his girlfriend annie verret on sunday . spieth led from start to finish at augusta , the first time that feat has been achieved in 39 years . masters defending champion bubba watson ( left ) places the green jacket on 2015 winner spieth ( right ) . 