the world’s first cloned camel is pregnant , scientists claim . the mother-to-be , whose name is injaz , was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother . injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally . the world’s first cloned camel is pregnant , scientists claim . the mother-to-be , whose name is injaz , was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born by surrogate mother . injaz is pictured here when she was just six days old . dr nisar wani , scientific director of the reproductive biotechnology centre in nad al sheba , dubai , told the national : ‘ we are very excited because injaz is now pregnant and we expect to have a calf from her late this year . ‘ she has conceived in a natural way . this will prove cloned camels are fertile and can reproduce the same as naturally produced camels . ’ the birth of injaz , whose name means ' achievement ' in arabic , caused great excitement in 2009 and scientists said that cloning would help to preserve the genetics of the camel population . camels are a valuable commodity in the desert sheikdoms of the persian gulf , and are used for racing and transport . they can also produce low-fat milk and can make owners millions of dollars at camel beauty contests . since injaz was born , many more animals have been produced by genetic cloning , including one from the cells of a camel beauty pageant winner . it 's 19 years since the first mammal was cloned . dolly the sheep ( pictured ) was born in edinburgh using dna from an adult cell . since injaz was born , many more animals have been produced by genetic cloning , including one from the cells of a camel beauty pageant winner , the bbc reported . it took five years of work before injaz was cloned . she was born on april 8 , 2009 weighing 66lbs ( 30kg ) , after an uncomplicated gestation of 378 days . the calf was created from cells harvested from the ovary of an adult camel . the cells were then planted into the egg of a surrogate mother . injaz was confirmed as genetically identical to the camel the cells were taken from , according to united arab emirates newspapers at the time . the world 's first mammal was cloned 19 years ago . dolly the sheep was born in edinburgh using dna from an adult cell . dolly was put down in 2003 , after being diagnosed with lung disease , but since then , scientists have successfully cloned mice , cows , pigs and dogs as well as camels . human embryos have been genetically modified so that any changes made will be carried on into future generations for the first time , according to scientists . researchers around the world are bracing themselves for the results of a study by scientists in china that has introduced dna changes to reproductive cells . many scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea , for fear it could be misused to allow parents to ' select ' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren . human embryos , like the one above , may have been genetically modified with new gene editing techniques . they say that even embryos created in this way for research purposes only could have serious ethical and safety implications . they have described it as ' dangerous and ethically unacceptable ' . however , others argue that the technology could also be used to rid families of devastating inherited diseases like cystic fibrosis or certain cancers . until now scientists have concentrated on using genome editing techniques on somatic cells - non-reproductive cells like those found in skin , muscle , nerves , bone and liver for example - to help them study diseases . modifying the dna of human embryos so that dna changes are preserved in the germline - the sperm and eggs - means such alterations can be passed on to future generations . such work is already illegal in many countries around the world including the uk , but is permitted in the us and china . a number of groups around the world are thought to be working on techniques to genetically modify human embryos .