a student who identifies as gender neutral claims a whataburger in austin , texas denied service because the student was wearing lingerie . tyler grant , a junior at the university of texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as ' they , ' ' them ' , or ' their ' instead of ' he , ' or ' she , ' and sometimes wears women 's clothing . video footage posted to twitter from early on sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because grant was dressed in ' inappropriate attire , ' reports the houston chronicle . scroll down for video . denied entry : tyler grant , pictured outside a whataburger on sunday morning , claims the restaurant denied service because grant was wearing a dress . gender queer : tyler grant identifies as gender queer and though grant was assigned a male , grant sometimes likes to wear women 's dresses . austin , texas has a non-discrimination ordinance that bars establishment from denying service to someone based on their sexuality . grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of grant 's gender identity . ' i really believe it was transphobia-driven and i do n't think it had anything to do with what i was wearing , ' grant told the houston chronicle . whataburger claims they denied grant not because of gender identity but because grant was wearing too revealing an outfit to be let inside . ' whataburger is proud to serve all customers regardless of race , gender or orientation . this was n't an issue of gender but of appropriate attire as this guest was dressed in lingerie . again , we welcome everyone into our restaurants but our customers ' experience is our top priority . we are reviewing these events with our team members and will take appropriate action if needed , ' said the restaurant . grant wrote on facebook that after being denied entry early on sunday morning , grant decided to go back to the restaurant to express sadness at not being let in . may press charges : tyler grant is a patron of the whataburger and may decide to press charges against the restaurant popular among students at the university of texas . chameleon : tyler grant likes to model many different looks despite being assigned male . pretty in purple : grant is proud to wear a variety of different outfits and feels as though the restaurant was discriminatory . supporting a cause : tyler grant is an advocate for gender rights and is against discrimination . grant says the female employee explained grant was not let in because grant was ' wearing see-through clothing ' . the student says that their clothing was not see-through and that they were wearing hip and butt pads along with two pairs of dancers tights and three pairs of nude pantyhose . ' if it were see-through , then she would have seen my brightly colored underwear , ' grant said on facebook . grant says the argument over entry began when an off-duty officer from the texas department of safety told grant and a friend who were walking barefoot to put on shoes . grant said that they would agree by putting on high-heeled shoes . ' wait , are you a dude ? the off-duty officer allegedly told them . that 's when the officer went to fetch the manager who said grant could not enter . grant is a patron of the establishment and may choose to pursue legal action .