holidaying with the lair of a tiger as your closest neighbour might not sound like the cleverest idea in the world but it is certainly a once-in-a-lifetime experience that wo n't be forgotten . for £3,500 , tourists are being invited to book a trip to russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the siberian tiger , one of the world 's most endangered animals . bespoke tour operators natural world safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat . a safari stay in russia offers tourists the chance to spot , and sleep near , one of the world 's most endangered animals- the siberian tiger . bespoke holiday providers natural world safaris is offering the rare trip which gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat . the trip to durminskoye reserve in khabarovsk lasts seven days in total with guests spending time in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining siberian tigers , and setting camera traps with the experts in the hope of catching an insight into the lives of these endangered predators . they will walk in the footsteps of the world’s biggest cats and spend time with alexander batalov , a frontline russian conservationist who has spent the last 20 years of his life trying to protect the rare siberian tiger . the facilities are described as ' basic ' and guests are provided with a translator throughout the stay . the daily activity is to explore the reserve in the hope of picking up tracks of the siberian tigers that reside in this area . this shot was captured at night as a siberian tiger walked down a narrow road in the durminskoye reserve , where guests can stay . huntsman’s hut in the forest – sustainable hunting is still allowed in the forest and the hut is also used as a base of operations . the safari does not actively track them as this risks guests coming face-to-face with the animals themselves , which is why still and video cameras are set up . the images and footage from these actively assist alexander and his team as they work to save the tigers of the region from extinction . managing director of natural world safaris and expert in wildlife encounters , will bolsover , told mailonline travel : ‘ the trip is one of the rarest wildlife travel opportunities remaining today . alexander batalov , a frontline russian conservationist , has spent the last 20 years of his life trying to protect the rare siberian tiger . inside balatov 's hut , dedicated to the natural world as you might expect with a range of feathers and animal bones . ' spending time with alexander batalov in the home of the some of the last remaining siberian tigers in russia’s far east , setting camera traps , tracking tiger footprints and collecting vital conservation data is a superb opportunity . ’ it is estimated the current wild population of siberian tigers under 400 , making the species officially endangered . siberian tigers were once found throughout the russian far east , northern china , and the korean peninsula but by the 1940s , hunting had driven the species , also known as the amur tiger , to the brink of extinction with no more than 40 individuals remaining in the wild . while the population has now stabilised somewhat , sightings in the wild are extremely rare as the tigers have the largest home range of any tiger subspecies and a limited density of prey means they have to search over large areas to find food . guests will stay in a wooden cabin on the natural world safari trip to see the siberian tiger . ' guests will be staying directly in the heart of the tigers ' habitat , but with the cats being extremely elusive , it obviously isn’t guaranteed that they will even come face to face with a tiger at all , ' bolsover said . ' while they are out setting camera traps and observing scent trails , footprints , scratch marks on trees , they will be exactly where the tigers tread . ' while they are out in the forest or in the camp , a tiger could be 20m away , 200m away , or as far as two miles away- it’s difficult to put a numerical value on it . ' click here for more information regarding the safari trip .    