pusok sported a black eye in his booking photo after the beating . a california county on tuesday approved paying a $ 650,000 settlement to avoid a lawsuit by a man whose beating by deputies after a horse chase was captured on video . san bernardino county spokesman david wert said county supervisors approved the settlement with 30-year-old francis pusok in a closed meeting . pusok 's arrest was recorded by a tv news helicopter and has led to an fbi civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe . wert says the agreement would settle all potential claims from pusok 's april 9 arrest . a message seeking comment was left for pusok 's lawyer . in an interview with nbc 4 , pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent ' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear : ' this is n't over . ' when san bernardino county sheriff 's deputies arrived at pusok 's house , he said he fled ' because any contact with police has been negative for me ' . as the chase was coming to a close about two and a half hours later , video shows pusok falling to the ground as he is hit with a taser and two deputies approach . a california county has approved a $ 650,000 settlement to avoid a lawsuit from pusok after his beating by deputies after a horse chase was captured on video . pusok 's arrest was recorded by a tv news helicopter and led to an fbi civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe . the officers then start to assault pusok , and later claimed that his taser had been ineffective due to his loose clothing - even though pusok is clearly seen convulsing from the electric shock in the helicopter footage . pusok estimates that within 15 seconds of the first taser hit , the cops had him in handcuffs but says they continued to assault him and yelled ' stop resisting ' even though he was laying face down on the ground . he says the officers went on to tase him two more times after he was in handcuffs . pusok remembers the cops ' hitting me every place that they could hit me - anywhere and everywhere . ' ' i thought i was being beaten to death , ' said pusok.. ' i was wondering , `` when is it going to stop ? '' ' after the incident , pusok was arrested on suspicion of evading , stolen property , reckless driving and theft of a horse . he was treated for his injuries while being held at west valley detention center where he was released sunday night at bail . a court hearing has been scheduled for june 16 , but san bernardino county prosecutors said monday that they had not yet made a decision on whether to file formal charges against pusok . meanwhile , 10 officers - including a sergeant and a detective - involved in the incident were placed on paid leave as the fbi starts an investigation into whether excessive force was used in the arrest . san bernardino county sheriff john mcmahon said last week that he was ' disturbed and troubled ' by the video and that an internal investigation is underway into the deputies ' actions . a criminal inquiry into the actions of the suspect is also being carried out , he said . however , he said that the department will not release the names of deputies - which apparently include a sergeant and a detective - until they are sure that multiple threats made are not valid . in his interview on monday , pusok said he thinks his prior run-ins with police may have sparked their violent backlash . indeed , pusok 's lengthy criminal record includes charges of obstructing an officer and resisting an officer , as well as attempted robbery , animal cruelty and fighting or offensive words . san bernardino county sheriff john mcmahon told reporters he was ' disturbed and troubled ' by the video . deputies have been called to pusok 's home before , during which he threatened to kill a deputy and shot a puppy in front of his family , sheriff mcmhaon said . however , pusok 's pregnant girlfriend , jolene bindner , says some of the prior charges against her longtime partner have been trumped up . bindner told nbc that the charges he threatened to kill a police officer are ' absolutely not true . i was there the whole time . ' 