stoke boss mark hughes has claimed tom jones is costing them a spot in the europe league via the fair play league . the potters ' faithful have been singing jones ' song ' delilah ' as their unofficial club anthem since the the 1980s , though it has been criticised with claims the original lyrics promote domestic violence . and hughes , whose stoke side occupy 17th place in the premier league fair play standings , believes his side are being harshly marked down because of the 1960s song . mark hughes believes tom jones ' song ' delilah ' is costing them a spot in the europe league . stoke are 17th in the premier league fair play table and are set to miss out on european football next year . stoke city supporter anton booth , known as tj among fellow fans , claims to have introduced delilah after he started to sing it in a pub in the late 1980s . the hit has become stoke 's unofficial club anthem and is a regular chant at the britannia stadium . ' apparently we get knocked down because the fans have a tom jones song , ' he said . ' if the crowd are a little bit intimidating we lose marks due to the behaviour of supporters . it 's unbelievable . ' but it 's not just the song , it 's when it gets a bit heated here , plus it 's four of five criteria and small margins , it 's officials , players , crowd . ' if nothing happens you get six points . but if someone sings delilah , you get four . over the course of the year , if you 're consistently marked down , you 're going to be at the bottom end of the table . ' i do n't think there 's a problem with them singing it . it 's crazy from my point of view . ' sam allardyce 's west ham are top of the premier league fair play table and could earn a europa league place if they finish top of the pile and england’s top flight is within the top three ‘fair-playing’ leagues in europe – which it was on the last count . hughes ' ( left ) stoke side have been singing jones ' hit since the 1980s as their unofficial club anthem . each match is assessed by a premier league delegate and teams are marked in five categories , with a further category relating to the behaviour of the public . this is how the points are calculated : 1 . red and yellow cards ( maximum score = 10 - no minimum score ) . teams are deducted points if a player receives a yellow card ( -1 point ) or straight red ( -3 points ) . this is the only section where teams can receive a score below zero . 2 . positive play ( maximum score = 10 - minimum score = 1 ) . premier league teams are encouraged to play a positive style of football . this section takes into consideration things like time-wasting tactics and positive play . 3 . respect towards opponents ( maximum score = 7 - minimum score = 1 ) . this section is designed to encourage players to abide by the spirit of fair play and it also includes offences which may have been accidentally overlooked by the officials . 4 . respect towards the referee ( maximum score = 7 - minimum score = 1 ) . the premier league takes respect towards officials very seriously and players are expected to respect referees- including assistants - at all times . positive attitude is rewarded with high marks . 5 . behaviour of the team officials ( maximum score = 6 - minimum score = 1 ) . team officials , including managers , are assessed on their behaviour during a match . one aspect they are marked on is how they accept the decisions of the referee . 6 . behaviour of the public ( maximum score = 10 - minimum score = 0 ) . the section which has angered hughes , teams begin with a score of five points but can lose marks for persistent abuse of officials , aggressive conduct towards rival fans and foul and abusive language . but hughes has criticised the competition , which is designed to promote positive behaviour , and has questioned its merit . ' the fair play table is a waste of time , ' he added . ' i was always historically at the bottom when i was blackburn , but then i went to fulham and we qualified . despite a successful season in the premier league this year , hughes is n't happy with the fair play table . ' it 's the perception of the club here that sometimes goes before us . ' we also have a high amount of yellow cards . ' whether fair play merits a european place is open to discussion . but it 's a good prize . ' we 're not going to win it any time soon though are we ? '