 a man facing trial for helping his former lover strangle a woman during a sexual encounter , told the court his former flame had a ' twisted desire to kill ' and that he had only dug the victim 's crude grave . micheal john duffy , 34 , pleaded not guilty to murdering colleen deborah ayers , 33 , whose decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent 's 25-acre lakesland property , located near picton , south west of sydney . in the opening statements of duffy 's trial crown prosecutor elizabeth wilkins sc told the jury , that while his former partner , rachel evans , had initiated the violent act , duffy had willingly joined in . he claimed his co-accused , evans , was the one who had a ' twisted desire to kill ' and he had only helped bury ms ayers ' body . micheal john duffy pleaded not guilty to killing colleen deborah ayers after claiming he had only disposed of her body while his co-accused rachel evans was the one with a ' twisted desire to kill ' . ms wilkins told the court evans was the one who grabbed the belt used to strangle ms ayers after telling a witness : ' we are going to kill her , we are going to kill her . ' ' she put the belt around ms ayers ' neck . the deceased bucked her off . ' ' it was at that stage that the accused duffy intervened and also started strangling her , ' she said . ' this was rachael evans ' idea . she was the ringleader and this accused [ duffy ] joined in . ' the court heard ms ayers had met evans at a pub in campbelltown only a day before she was gruesomely murdered . it is alleged on may 8 , 2012 , evans and duffy , along with a 16-year-old girl who can not be named , went to a hotel in picton with ms ayers . evans , duffy and ms ayers then proceeded to have sex with each other while the unidentified teenager filmed the act . the next day , after drinking and taking the drug ice , ms ayers invited the duo , along with another man , scott debridge , to her parents empty lakesland property . ms wilkins told the court evans and duffy had planned to steal and sell firearms from the rural property so they could buy drugs . courthouse : duffy 's co-accused evans , who has plead guilty to murder , will receive a reduced sentence for giving evidence at her former lover 's trial . later that night , after evans had been ' cutting up ' ice , she heard duffy and ms ayers having sex . the 16-year-old witness said evans became agitated and armed herself with the leather belt . the court heard evans then entered the bedroom and started strangling the victim . it was at this point , the crown said , duffy joined in . ms wilkins said once ms ayers was dead , evans dragged her body into the bathroom so she could try to wash away duffy 's dna . meanwhile , duffy and debridge went to a dam on the property to dispose of the body where they dug a shallow grave and buried ms ayers . during his trial , debridge claimed he tried to refuse the orders to dig the grave , however , duffy ' bashed ' him with a shovel until he continued . after ms ayers ' body was buried the group proceeded to ransack her parents house , stealing jewellery , an xbox and , as planned , the firearms . it is reported the group left in a maxi taxi at about 7.40am on may 10 . in a chilling revelation , evans then allegedly told the cab driver she had a ' very exhilarating night ' . ms ayers was n't reported missing until may 25 , when her parents returned home from holidays to the lakesland property , where their daughter 's body was secretly buried . ms ayers' discomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent 's 25-acre lakesland property in 2012 . police finally caught up with evans on may 31 , after her parents spent a week wondering where their daughter could be . evans took officers to the property and showed them where ms ayers was buried . she reportedly told the young witness she felt no remorse for the killing . ' i feel good . i do n't feel guilty . the f***ing belt buckle snapped . when i was burying her i started hitting her with the shovel . it felt so good , ' the daily telegraph reported . during her trial it was revealed evans sent fan mail to infamous murderer ivan milat and bragged to the unidentified teen-aged witness that she would become a ' serial killer ' in years to come . evans has plead guilty to murder and debridge to being an accessory after the fact , with both receiving discounts on their sentences for giving evidence during duffy 's continuing trial .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .