the new southpaw trailer last month featured jake gyllenhaal showing off an extremely toned torso . but according to his trainer , former professional boxer terry claybon , it took a huge amount of work to get the 34-year-old actor ripped for the shoot , including six months of training before filming even started . he also worked out for an incredible six hours per day , including 2,000 sit ups , 1,000 each morning and the same at night . of course , jake had to work even harder to get in shape because he had just dropped approximately 30lbs to play freelance crime reporter lou , who stumbles upon the dangerous underworld of los angeles in nightcrawler . scroll down for video . blood , sweat and tears : according to his trainer , it took a huge amount of work to get jake gyllenhaal ripped for southpaw , including six months of training before filming started , 2,000 sit ups and six hours of training each day . much thinner : the 34-year-old lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller nightcrawler and had to put that weight back on plus 15lbs of muscle . he not only returned to his normal weight - but he then put on another 15 pounds of pure muscle to play the desperate fighter billy hope . his trainer claybon told yahoo : ' gradually we built up , day-by-day , to 2,000 . it takes time to do that ' , and revealed that his exercise regime included , ' three hours of boxing in the morning and three hours of strengthening , conditioning , and cardio at night . ' speaking about his weight loss for nightcrawler , jake told us weekly : ' i knew that [ lou ] was literally and figuratively hungry , [ so i got into the ] mode where i was always a bit hungry . beaten : the trailer shows a muscular gyllenhaal bloodied and bruised by an opponent in the boxing ring . bulking up : jake poses here with his trainers , including former boxer terry claybon ( second from right ) , who was responsible for whipping the once-scrawny actor into shape . gyllenhaal also attended several boxing matches to watch how real fighters move in the ring . ' it 's not different than getting into character for anything . it 's more about believing where you are and being present where you are . who 's to say what the process is ? i have a strange one … but i love what i do . ' claybon explained to yahoo that jake put back on the weight he had lost before gaining an extra 15 pounds of muscle for southpaw . health experts told the daily telegraph that gyllenhaal likely went on a high-protein diet , that likely included protein powder . he likely had to consume 130 grams of protein - two and a half times the daily recommended intake . health experts also told the telegraph that such drastic body changes could cause long-term damage to his body . the huge swing in gyllenhaal 's physique recalls other drastic changes actors have made in their bodies . among the most recent and most notable is matthew mcconaughey 's turn from magic mike hunk to dallas buyers club aids patient . meanwhile , in southpaw , jake plays billy hope , a professional boxer who must rebuild his life after his wife is killed and his daughter is taken away from him . the recent trailer opens with gyllenhaal 's understatement : ' i expected a hard fight . i put my family through a lot . ' it then cuts to him in the ring bloodied and bruised as he takes a relentless pounding from an opponent , while his wife , played by rachel mcadam and curtis '50 cent ' jackson look on in horror , before hope suddenly turns it around sends the other boxer to the canvass . horrified : his wife , played by rachel mcadam and curtis '50 cent ' jackson can only stand by and watch ringside . adrenelin : gyllenhaal plays billy hope , a boxer who allows himself take punches to fire himself up . the reason gyllenhaal 's character allowed himself to take the beating in the first place is then explained . ' the more you get hit the harder you fight , i get it , ' his wife says . ' only now you 've taken way to many hits before you get off . you cant fight like that any more . think about her . ' she 's talking about the couple 's only daughter leila , who is played by film newcomer oona laurence . the youngster is fresh from lauded performances on broadway as matilda in the stage adaptation of the roald dahl classic . but the trailer also reveals there 's a much more devastating blow in store for hope , when his wife is accidentally shot dead by a bodyguard during an altercation with he has with another boxer who had been taunting him , which mcadam 's character had told him to walk away from . doomed : the two-and-a-half minute clip reveals mcadams is killed during an altercation between hope and another boxer . hopeless : the boxer must fight to regain his daughter , who is taken from him by child services following the death of his wife . young star : leila hope is played by oona laurence who just wowed audiences on broadway as matilda . and things get worse for the embattled boxer as the child protection services take his daughter away from him after he falls into a dangerous cycle of self destruction following the death of the child 's mother . the film also stars rita ora , who recently played christian grey 's sister in fifty shades of grey , as well as forest whitaker and naoime harris , replacing lupita nyong'o who dropped out in august . shot : mcadams plays maureen , whose death starts gyllenhaal 's downward spiral . the real jake gyllenhaal : when not packing on muscle or dropping weight for a role , jake looks like this ( pictured in january ) .