a vicious swan known for terrorising punters and kayakers on the river cam is now believed to have a grandson following in his footsteps . the savage swan nicknamed asbaby , which still has many brown baby feathers , has been pecking punters on the backs area of the cambridge river . mr asbo , the swan believed to be his grandfather , was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 by river authorities after repeatedly attacking rowers . scroll down for video . watch out : savage swan asbaby has been pecking punters on the backs area of the river in cambridge over the easter weekend . up close : one resident who lives near the river said asbaby ' sticks his neck right into the punts and boats to nip passengers ' . theft : asbaby was seen attacking tourists , eating sandwiches , drinking from water bottles and even trying to steal a woman’s handbag ( above ) . capturing the moment : asbaby ( pictured ) is believed to be the grandson of mr asbo , who was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 . pecking at the punters : the swan on the river cam is said to be even more vicious than his father , asboy , and grandfather , asbo . asbaby was seen at the weekend attacking tourists , eating sandwiches , drinking from water bottles and even trying to steal a woman’s handbag . he is said to have inherited his bad temper from his grandfather , and his father asboy , who conducted a reign of terror on the river last summer . harry crossell , 65 , who lives near the river , said : ‘ he is even more vicious than his father and grandfather . ' ( he ) sticks his neck right into the punts and boats to nip passengers . i’ve seen him chasing after punts and taking their picnics . ' once i even saw him put his beak around a bottle of champagne . ‘it’s terrifying for river users and it’s making people think twice about going out on the water . ’ another resident , simon patterson , 52 , said locals were worried asbaby’s behaviour would get worse as he gets older . ‘ the swan is only young at the moment , we’re concerned he will get stronger and more vicious as he grows bigger , ’ he said . shock : the swan got up close with this woman , whose surprise at what was unfolding in front of her could clearly be seen ( right ) . making an appearance : the juvenile swan nicknamed asbaby got far too close for comfort to tourists on the cam over the easter weekend . naughty swan : one resident said locals were worried asbaby’s behaviour on the river cam would get worse as he gets older . ‘ he swims up and down the river chasing anything which gets in his way . we thought mr asbo and asboy were bad , but this swan is even worse . ‘it’s very worrying as the river is starting to get busier now , if he continues someone could get really hurt . ’ but colin sparkes , navigation officer for conservators of the river cam , told mailonline today : ‘ most swans get a bit aggressive this time of year . ‘ it 's mating season - they protect their territory . as far as i’m aware , it 's not causing great problems on the river . ‘ swans this time of year start to look out for their nest , and indeed when the young and born . ‘it’s a very tricky one because the more people feed the swans , the more aggressive they tend to become . close to the camera : asbaby ' swims up and down the river chasing anything which gets in his way ' , according to one local resident . worrying : asbaby 's actions are said to be ' terrifying for river users ' and are ' making people think twice about going out on the water ' . threatening : the behaviour of mr asbo ( above ) before he was moved 60 miles three years ago left dozens of rowers with cuts and bruises . no longer there : the cam conservators moved mr asbo about 60 miles away in 2012 . his son asboy is seen above in this file photograph . ' they get used to swimming up to people expecting to be fed . ’ he confirmed that there are no plans to remove asbaby from the river , adding that the case of mr asbo was completely different . mr sparkes said : ‘ that swan ( mr asbo ) was extremely aggressive - it 's the most aggressive swan i 've ever come across . ‘ i believe that was probably down to the way he 'd been brought up looking for food from various people . ’ the conservators moved mr asbo away in 2012 because they said his behaviour was risking the safety of river users as well as himself . his behaviour left dozens of rowers with cuts and bruises - and a marshal was employed during a university rowing race to stop him injuring students . it has previously been reported how asboy was seen attacking punters , birds and even a cow . he also injured a canoeist and a swimmer .