top marks for saskia , the girlfriend of an arsenal fan who aced a written exam on all things gunners to save their relationship and whose mostly correct responses have gone viral . saskia , 17 , whose username is @ saskiaisabxlla , posted excerpts of the exam on monday with the message ‘ boyfriend made me take an @ arsenal exam . ’ for saskia ( surname withheld ) , the stakes were high before she scored 43.5 out of a possible 50 points , or 87 per cent . by the grading system of her boyfriend , who didn’t want to be identified , that constitutes an a . saskia , 17 , aced the ' arsenal exam ' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent . ‘ well done , saskia . as a result , i will not be dumping you [ lucky you ] , ’ he wrote in red pen on the cover of the test along with some feedback . the post has since been retweeted 9,600 times , almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers , with widespread congratulations coming from gunners fans . ‘ could have performed better in q17 , ’ a question in which she was asked to explain ‘ why alexis sanchez is better than eden hazard . ’ her responses included ‘ sanchez is buff’ and that ‘ he scores a lot of goals’ . a derogatory comment about hazard , the newly crowned pfa player of the year , got extra marks . she told sportsmail : ' after the arsenal vs chelsea game the previous sunday , he told me `` i might make make an arsenal exam for you '' . at first i thought he was joking but then i thought it would be funny to do it . ' over the time that we have been together i managed to adopt his interest and learnt a lot about football in the process . so the following day i took it under his watch to make sure i did n't cheat . he marked it based on his own grade boundaries and i did better than he expected . ' i tweeted it the same evening , but we never expected it to get this far . i 've had mixed reception but most of it was positive , some even calling him a `` legend '' . he said that our relationship was on the line but he was bluffing and used it as a tool to motivate me . ' a few took it too seriously but at the end of the day it was just something that we did together for fun and was meant to be humorous and lighthearted . ' saskia correctly identified the arsenal away strip although she did n't recall the score of the 2014 fa cup final . club loyalty was an important part of the exam and saskia knew the score when it came to sanchez v hazard . saskia’s recall of last year’s fa cup final was also tested , but she mustn’t have been paying attention that day when the gunners beat hull 3-2 ( not 2-0 ) and aaron ramsey scored the winner ( not olivier giroud ) . after correctly identifying a yellow gunners shirt as the away strip , saskia was asked to name the entire arsenal starting xi with their positions for 22 points . she faltered only in calling mesut ozil a defender , danny welbeck a midfielder instead of a striker ( harsh marking ) and leaving out laurent koscielny altogether . alexis sanchez ' is buff , ' says saskia in one answer ; although she thought mesut ozil was a defender . in her boyfriend’s feedback he advised saskia to ‘ learn all player positions’ and how she is supposed to feel about north london rivals tottenham . ‘ i salute your boyfriend ! and you deserve a medal for being such a sport ! ’ tweeted sajan gupta ( ‏ @ maverick_3 ) .