the body of a newborn baby was discovered hidden in a cubicle inside a michigan office building after police say the mother had secretly given birth in the bathroom and then returned to her seat to resume her work . staff at ceva logistics in the 24400 block of glendale avenue in redford reportedly had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant until tuesday morning . police confirmed that the 26-year-old woman , who has not been named , delivered a baby that was later pronounced dead . scroll down for video . workplace delivery : a 26-year-old employee at ceva logistics in michigan secretly delivered a baby in a bathroom stall at work , stuffed the newborn inside her bag and resumed her duties . fox 2 reported that employees at ceva logistics , an international company specializing in freight shipping , heard moaning coming from a bathroom stall at around 10am tuesday . not long after , staffers entered the restroom and discovered blood all over a stall . the ceva employees returned to the office asking their co-workers if everyone was ok , but one woman seating in a cubicle remained silent . police were called to the office and found that the 26-year-old worker had blood on her clothes , but there was no sign of a baby . when officers searched her work space , they discovered a newborn 's lifeless body stuffed inside her bag and hidden beneath her desk . the mother and baby were taken to a local hospital , where the child was pronounced dead . the unnamed mother was reportedly a tempt working at ceva logistics - an international company specializing in freight shipping . an autopsy has since been performed on the deceased infant , but lt david holt told daily mail online they are waiting for a medical examiner to determine a cause of death , which could take up to several weeks . it remains unknown at this time whether the baby was born alive , or whether the death was a homicide . as of thursday afternoon , the 26-year-old mother has not been arrested . ceva logistics director ken l'heureux told detroit free press the employee worked for a temp agency and had previously told colleagues she was not expecting . 