team sky 's geraint thomas had to settle for 14th place in an incident-packed tour of flanders as norwegian alexander kristoff took victory in a sprint finish with holland 's niki terpstra . with tom boonen and fabian cancellara - winners of six of the last 10 races here - missing through injury , thomas was one of the favourites to claim the title following his recent victory in e3 harelbeke and third-place finish at the gent-wevelgem sprint classic . he was in contention for much of sunday 's race as team sky set the pace in the peloton for lengthy periods , but the welshman was unable to recover ground as kristoff ( team katusha ) and terpstra ( etixx - quick-step ) launched a late breakaway . alexander kristoff celebrates by spraying champagne after winning the tour of flanders . norway 's kristoff poses after beating off competition from niki terpstra to win the tour of flanders race . the highly-fancied kristoff came home in a time of six hours , 26 minutes and 38 seconds , with terpstra just behind and local hope greg van avermaet of belgium ( bmc ) seven seconds back in third . thomas , looking to become only the second briton to win the event after tom simpson in 1961 , finished in the chasing pack almost a minute back . it was not to be for team sky , who had pushed hard throughout as they sought their first win in one of cycling 's big five classic one-day races - and one that was not short of incident . sir bradley wiggins , in one of his last rides for team sky , was one of a number of riders to hit the deck during the race when he crashed in the middle of the peloton while trying to negotiate a tight left-hand turn . team sky 's geraint thomas finished in 14th position after struggling to close the gap on the likes of kristoff . although he needed a spare bike , wiggins was able to continue but other riders suffered worse with new zealander jesse sergent - who was part of a seven-man breakaway group - suffering what was feared to be a fractured collarbone after being hit by a neutral service car as it tried to overtake him . incredibly , there was another incident involving a support car later on which saw sebastien chavanel also knocked off his bike and out of the race . the frenchman was hit by his team car after it had been rear-ended by another vehicle . other riders were also involved in spills on the testing surfaces while there was a near moment of farce when one of the inflatable markers straddling the road started to deflate , leaving the riders with barely enough room to get underneath without having to break stride . the late drama was created by kristoff and terpstra , though . they escaped the pack with around 30 kilometres left and , with no one able to catch them , it was down to one of them to take the crown . terpstra bided his time on the final straight as he sat on kristoff 's wheel waiting for the right moment to attack , but when he did the norwegian reacted and left his rival trailing as he claimed his second ' monument ' title after his milan-san remo triumph in 2014 . 