nightclub promoters have apologised after a photo of a young woman sprawled out on a tiled-floor was used to advertise their easter weekend event - just a week after the owner’s son was convicted of raping a teenage girl at the venue . a photo of a ' drunken ' young woman , lying with her legs apart on the ground , was posted on soho nightclub’s facebook page on april 3 - a week after luke lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old at the club . the 23-year-old privileged son of andrew lazarus , the owner of the venue in sydney’s kings cross , was jailed for at least three years for the crime on march 27 . the photo’s caption said : ‘we’re throwing an extra special yeezter event tonight . free entry till 10pm and $ 5 drinks till midnight – get amongst it ! ’ scroll down for video . luke lazarus was sentenced on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father 's soho nightclub on may 12 , 2013 . a photo of a drunken looking young woman , lying with her legs apart on the ground , was posted on soho nightclub’s facebook page on april 3 by an ' external promoter ' . the disturbing image was soon removed by the club 's management after a backlash on twitter , the daily life reports , with one shocked social media user complaining : ‘ this is how luke lazarus ( sic ) father promotes nightclub soho . posted week after sentencing ! ’ . a twitter user told daily mail australia : ‘ once it did twitter rounds and people started commenting it was removed by saturday . ’ a soho management spokesperson told daily mail australia : ‘ the event on the night was set up by an external promoter as a one-off event . ' he was given access to the official facebook page but as soon as we noticed he’d put that up it was taken down . ' the club agreed that the photo used was ‘100 per cent inappropriate’ . during luke lazarus’s rape trial , the jury was told that the former private schoolboy boasted to the victim he could introduce her to the dj at his father 's club , the soho , before he ushered her into an alleyway . during luke lazarus’s rape trial , the jury were told he boasted to the victim he could introduce her to the dj at the soho , before he ushered her into an alleyway . luke lazarus will spend a minimum of three years behind bars . he told the court that attending his father 's clubs gave him an ' inflated sense of power and entitlement ' . the woman attempted to go back inside in the early hours of may 12 , 2013 , but lazarus forcefully told her to get down on the ground on all fours . in sentencing him , judge sarah huggett found the offence was not premeditated but said he was reckless . ' i am satisfied beyond reasonable doubt he must have realised there was a possibility she was n't consenting , ' she told sydney 's district court . but she said he was ' not caring in one way or another whether she was consenting ' . on the night the teen was assaulted , the court heard it was the first time she had gone to sydney 's kings cross . the soho nightclub is a popular venue in sydney 's kings cross district . after entering the club soho , lazarus walked up to her , told her he was a part owner in the venue and showed her a business card . he then asked if she would like to enter a vip area before taking her into an alleyway out back . they kissed but when she said she wanted to go back to her friends he said : ' no , stay ' . he pulled her stockings down , ignored a second request by her to leave and said in an authoritative tone ' put your f***ing hands on the wall , get on the floor and arch your back ' . scared , she complied . during the ten minute assault that followed , the teen told him she was a virgin . the disturbing image was soon removed by the club 's management after a backlash on twitter . the photo which caused offence on april 3 is in-line with similar photos posted the club 's facebook page . when it was over lazarus told her to add her name to a list of conquests in his phone that he had . he later texted a friend ' sick night , took a chick 's virginity lol so tight ' . judge huggett said : ' it was her right to kiss the accused and it was her right to say she wanted to return to her friend . the offender ignored that . ' the girl informed police the next morning who seized cctv footage from the venue which confirmed lazarus led the woman into the alleyway . judge huggett said lazarus came from a privileged upbringing and had an inflated sense of entitlement and power when he was at the soho . but she found he had good prospects of rehabilitation , was unlikely to reoffend and was suffering from an adjustment disorder due to a break-up in the weeks prior to the offence . she sentenced him to a maximum of five years in jail . he will be eligible for release in march 2018 . judge huggett said lazarus , a south sydney rabbitohs fan , came from a privileged upbringing . lazarus told the court that attending his father 's clubs gave him an ' inflated sense of power and entitlement . ' he also added that it made him physically ill to think that the incident was not consensual . the 23-year-old was allegedly seeing an american woman but ended the relationship due to his parent 's disapproval of her not being greek . psychiatrist dr. christopher rikard-bell , said lazarus was suffering emotional symptoms as a result of the break up . after lazarus 's sentencing a series of prominent public figures in the local community spoke out in his defence with character references . waverley mayor sally betts , the honorary secretary of the honorary consulate-general of greece in brisbane , tsambico k athanasas , south sydney rabbitohs rugby league club chairman nick pappas and the parish priest at the greek orthodox christian church of st george , rose bay , father gerasimos koutsouras , spoke out to support him . australia 's first minister for the prevention of domestic violence and sexual assault pru goward slammed his supporters , saying : ' not only does this diminish their standing , it can shatter the confidence of the victim and often discourages them from seeking justice . '     