alex salmond has stepped up the pressure on ed miliband saying he wo n't be able to avoid a deal with the snp and was ' foolish ' to rule out a coalition . alex salmond has stepped up the pressure on ed miliband saying he wo n't be able to avoid a deal with the snp and was ' foolish ' to rule out a coalition . the former snp leader , who is bidding to return to westminster , said the labour leader would find it difficult to avoid doing a deal with the scottish nationalists in the event of hung parliament . when questioned about a potential coalition with labour , he suggested mr miliband had only rejected the idea because he was ' under pressure from the conservative press ' . he said all parties would have to face up to the ' electorate 's judgment ' after polling day on may 7 . ' there is no disrespect or disgrace in any politician coming to terms with the democratically expressed position of the electorate , ' he told the bbc radio 4 today programme . ' i think that after the election every westminster politician will have to come and face the reality of the electorate 's judgment , ' this comes after snp leader nicola sturgeon warned mr miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed david cameron back into downing street because he was unwilling to do a deal with the snp . during thursday night 's tv debate , she said : ' i can help labour be bolder … take the chance to kick david cameron out of downing street . do n't turn your back on it - people will never forgive you . ' it 's about delivering real change – not pretend change – real change for people right across this country . is it the case that you would rather see david cameron go back into downing street than work with the snp ? surely that can not be your position . ' the tory party has just released a campaign poster depicting ms sturgeon ' pulling the strings ' in the event of a deal between her party and labour . the billboard depicts sturgeon as a puppeteer and miliband as a dummy , with the words ' more taxes , more borrowing , more debt . ' underneath . the former snp leader told mr miliband he would find it difficult to avoid doing a deal with the scottish nationalists in the event of hung parliament , pictured is the labour leader today on the campaign trail . the tory party has just released a campaign poster depicting ms sturgeon ' pulling the strings ' in the event of a deal between her party and labour . speaking at the poster 's launch , party chairman grant shapps said : ' labour are collapsing in scotland . this means the only way that ed miliband might crawl through the gates of no10 now is if he 's carried there by the snp . ' nicola sturgeon would pull the strings and demand weaker defences , more spending and unaffordable welfare hand-outs . it would be a disaster for taxpayers . ' labour has insisted that it will not need snp votes to govern - rejecting conservative claims that mr miliband would be a prisoner of the nationalists if he entered number 10 . mr salmond also made clear that snp mps at westminster would be prepared to vote on england-only issues - such as health and education where power has been devolved to the scottish parliament - if they impact on scotland . during thursday night 's tv debate , ms sturgeon said : ' i can help labour be bolder ' pictured with mr salmond . snp leader nicola sturgeon ( pictured ) warned mr miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed david cameron back into downing street . ' the vast majority of votes have an economic impact , ' he said . ' when i was a member of parliament before i voted against foundation hospitals in england because i thought it would lead to the fragmentation of the health service and then have effects in scotland . i voted against tuition fees for english students in england . ' it is not english-only legislation , if it has an economic impact it has an impact on scotland . ' he indicated that the snp could use their votes to try to change the budget of the next government . ' i do n't think there is a single member of parliament or a single political party who would n't wish to be in a position and have an effect and influence for the betterment of their own constituents and , indeed , the betterment of politics across these islands , ' he said . 