a morbidly obese man has started documenting his efforts to lose more than 300lbs - without weight loss surgery - after the intense back pain brought on by his size prompted him to get serious about his health . for years , iowa-based writer daniel p. finney , ignored that at 563lbs he was severely overweight - even shrugging off strangers who called him ' fatty ' as he walked down the street . but after a series of health issues , the 39-year-old became inspired to shed more than half of his body weight the natural way and chronicle his journey for the des moines register . ' i know i 'm responsible for my actions , ' the columnist wrote for the newspaper 's website . ' and i 'm the only person who can really fix the problem . ' scroll down for video . weight loss journey : daniel p. finney , 39 , of iowa , is sharing his efforts to lose over 300lbs ; he started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month . daniel shared that he has been overweight since high school , and over the years has gotten used to the fact that he does n't fit into seats at most public venues or booths at restaurants . as one of 79 million obese americans , he has also become accustomed to the emotional pain of being called ' fatty ' and getting verbally abused by strangers . in fact , even a diagnosis of type ii diabetes did n't alarm him enough to change his habits , and other health issues , like regularly pulling muscles in his calves , became a way of life . it was n't until a combination of intense lower back pain - caused by carrying groceries , since daniel said he ca n't carry anything that weighs much more than a magazine - and trouble sleeping led him to see a doctor . ' the pain had reached a point where i was practically immobile , ' he said , adding that he could walk only 150 feet before he would have to stop . that 's when an x-ray showed him that he also had arthritis and a narrowing of his spinal cavity . his doctor referred him to the mercy weight loss clinic in west des moines , iowa . now , daniel is working with a therapist to tackle his emotional eating issues , as well as a nutritionist and a physical therapist . he also uses a calorie-counting app on his phone to track his eating , but admitted that even though he is serious about losing weight , making major lifestyle changes is n't easy . ' i do n't know if i want to go through the rest of my life eating a leaf of kale and two scoops of vitamin supplements and sipping a thimble of water , ' he said . ' the thought terrifies me of no more pizza , nachos , chicken wings , mountain dew or fries . ' but he is still determined to try to lose over 300lbs the old-fashioned way , rather than go under the knife . if he chose to have gastric sleeve surgery , which makes the stomach smaller and reduces the hormones that produce cravings , he could lose as much as 60 per cent of his excess weight in a year - but daniel said he is afraid of such a drastic medical procedure , and his doctor has told him that it should only be considered as a last resort . working hard : daniel is working with a mental health therapist , a physical therapist , and a nutritionist to lose weight and recover from myriad health problems . ' it took me a long time to gain the weight . it will take time to lose it , ' said daniel , adding that his goal is to move slowly and lose ' maybe 50 or 52lbs a year ' . focusing more on changing his lifestyle than dieting could be the key to long-lasting success for the writer , as a study by the council on size and weight discrimination found that more than 95 per cent of diets fail . so far , his efforts are paying off : after three weeks working toward his goal , he said that for the first time in years he felt better about his health . now a month in , he has lost 20.6lbs , which he noted is equal to the weight of ' four fully grown chihuahuas ' or ' a tire for a full-sized sedan ' .