few people would describe an 11 hour flight as calming , but british airways ' new mindfulness programme is attempting to make long-haul air travel as relaxing and refreshing as possible . the mindfulness for travel series was developed for launch of the airline 's new airbus a380 service between london and san francisco , known for its laid-back california vibes . providing fliers with meditation techniques , as well as additional healthy flying tips , the programme hopes to inspire a relaxed , positive state of mind for all travellers - even if the journey does n't go exactly according to plan . to celebrate british airways ' new a380 service between london and san francisco , the airline has launched a mindfulness programme . the airline consulted with mindfulness expert mark coleman , also the founder of the mindfulness institute , to develop the recommended practices . coleman and british airways created several videos - tailored to pre-flight , mid-flight , and pre-arrival exercises - which will be available on board for all fliers to view . he recommends wearing comfortable clothing , choosing lighter meals on board , moderating alcohol , coffee and tea intake and ' gentle exercising , ' such as stretching , during the flight . coleman also advocates strategic napping to help travellers adjust to a different time zone and feel revitalised upon landing . along with healthier meal options , the mindfulness for travel series is full of tips to ensure a worry-free flight . the brand also tapped mindfulness expert mark coleman to develop a series of meditation videos . coleman recommends ' gently exercising ' on board , eating lighter meals and wearing comfortable clothes . ' embracing the spirit of travel involves living fully in the moment , which can be cultivated through mindful practice , ' coleman said in a statement . ' the video series i created in partnership with british airways will help travellers develop the clarity , calm and focus necessary to get the most out of their travel experiences . ' while undoubtedly it 's a bit easier to stretch out and find your inner zen if you 're flying in club world or first class , we 'll try just about anything to help us feel refreshed after long-distance travel .