a crisp fan who gets through 42 bags in a week has discovered a skull-shaped deep-fried potato snack in one of his packets . barry selby , 54 , who lives with his dog in poole , dorset , was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he made the bizarre discovery , which appears to be a profile of a human skull . the floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack as he believes it is far more impressive than other oddly-shaped examples he has seen on the internet . scroll down for video . spooky find : barry selby was eating a bag of tesco cheese and onion crisps when he found the ' skull ' snack . mr selby said : ' i was shocked when i found it . i was just eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps from tesco and when i pulled it out it did take me back a bit . ' i thought it was worth keeping as i do n't think i will ever find one like it again . it must have been a very weird-shaped potato . ' it 's about two inches tall and two-and-a-half inches wide and it 's in perfect detail , it even has an eye socket . ' i sometimes give my dog , max , crisps in a bowl , so it 's lucky he did n't have this packet or i would n't have found it . weird snack : mr selby has decided to keep the unusual find , which appears to show a jaw , nose and eye . comparison : the 54-year-old said he was ' shocked ' to make the discovery , although it is not his first . in the 1990s he came across a 3d heart-shaped crisp , which he kept until it broke . and it 's not the first odd-shaped snack he has come across - in the 1990s he found a crisp shaped like a 3d heart , which he kept for several years until it broke . but he says this find was different : ' this one was a big one . i just thought `` wow '' and wanted to share it . ' i 've been keeping it on top of my computer in the front room , but it should be in a protective box really . ' i 'm going to keep it forever , it 's just so spooky . i looked on the internet for other funny-shaped crisps but this is a one-off . '