gary and phil neville , ryan giggs , nicky butt and paul scholes will no doubt partying hard on tuesday night after salford city clinched the evo-stik league first division north title , with the club gaining promotion on a very fitting 92 points . title rivals darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with warrington town , meaning the manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball . the evo-stik league northern premier league is what awaits salford , with the conference north just one league above but they wo n't be playing local rivals fc united of manchester next season after they gained promotion from the division . philip neville tweeted this photo of the team celebrating promotion with the caption : ' party still going ! ! ' salford city clinched the evo-stik league first division north title on a poignant 92 points . salford city 's players celebrate after darlington 's failure to win saw them win the league title on 92 points . gary neville ( centre ) and paul scholes watched salford 's last home match against clitheroe town . the neville brothers both took to twitter to express their delight at gaining promotion , with a few beers likely to be consumed over the week . scholes and gary were in attendance for salford 's victory against clitheroe town before they made made it eight wins on the bounce the following week away to burscough . salford knew that a 1883 win would take the title race to the final game of the season but they were unable to get the better of warrington town - handing the trophy to their rivals . darlington 's manager martin gray showed a real touch of class by personally calling gary and joint-manager anthony johnson to congratulate them of their achievement . following this , phil showed the same sort of courtesy and wished gray 's side well in the play-off 's . salford clinched the title on a fitting 92 pointsand with one game to spare after their eight-game winning streak . the class of '92 bought into the club last year and their investments have worked wonders , with the club earning instant success in their first full season at the helm . but recently the co-owners admitted that it was n't all plain sailing after former manager phil power was sacked in january , with phil conceding that were turning into something they had always said they would n't . the former everton man said : ‘ we had become the meddling owners , everything we didn’t want to be . ' with the football league just three more promotions away , salford 's fans and very famous owners can dream about that prospect . some of the class of '92 take in a pre-season friendly against stalybridge celtic in the summer . the class of '92 stars will no doubt be delighted that their impact has produced such immediate success .