on thursday night , the great and good of fashion and showbiz gathered to help one man celebrate the launch of his new shop . but this was no ordinary shop - this was burberry chief creative and chief executive officer christopher bailey 's new beverley hills flagship . over 700 guests , including superstars cara delevingne , suki waterhouse , mila kunis , elton john , rosie huntington-whiteley , anna wintour and the entire beckham brood , turned out to support their pal christopher at the london in los angeles event at griffith observatory . so how does one man have so many a-list friends ? and how did he turn burberry into the world 's coolest brand , notching sales for the six months to april up to £1.42bn ? an ability to reinvent trends , an eye for the hottest talent and the most charming demeanour ; that 's how . scroll down for video . over 700 guests and models , including jourdan dunn , left , james corden , front , and naomi campbell , right , joined burberry boss christopher bailey , back , to celebrate fashion , music , and britishness at an exclusive event at griffith observatory in los angeles . the event also marks the launch of its new flagship store on rodeo drive that opened in november . christopher bailey 's meteoric rise through the ranks at burberry hit new heights after the yorkshire-born designer was named ceo at just 42-years-old back in october 2013 . the designer had been a key part of burberry 's creative team since he joined the label as creative director in 2001 , and took the reins as chief creative officer in 2009 . in a statement released by the brand , bailey described himself as ' humbled ' after being offered the role , which he took up in mid-2014 when current ceo angela ahrendts departed for apple . during his tenure at the brand , bailey has made burberry one of the most influential labels in the world thanks to his uncanny knack for knowing what women want before they know themselves . the great and good of fashion and showbiz ( l-r ) cara delevingne , mila kunis and rosie huntington-whiteley , gathered to help bailey celebrate . ( l-r ) brooklyn beckham , cruz beckham , victoria beckham , romeo beckham , harper beckham , david beckham , editor-in-chief of american vogue anna wintour and julia corden sat front row at the event . since becoming creative director in 2001 after a stint at gucci , the label has gone from strength to strength , but that has n't stopped bailey from taking time out to encourage up-and-coming talent from making the most of their skills . along with mentoring fashion students from the university of huddersfield and the royal college of art , bailey and ahrendts together launched the burberry foundation - a project that encourages young people around the world to realise their potential through creativity . at every show , he calls on fledgling musicians to perform - and his alumni , including tom odell , paloma faith and george barnett , have all gone on to greatness . christopher bailey 's meteoric rise through the ranks at burberry hit new heights after the yorkshire-born designer was named ceo at just 42-years-old back in october 2013 . left : with the beckhams at the launch of romeo 's christmas campaign for the brand , and , right , with cara delevingne and jourdan dunn ; two models he has long championed . prince charles is presented with a gabardine walking jacket by burberry 's christopher bailey as the prince officially opened the new burberry global headquarters in london back in 2009 . and then there 's the models . bailey snapped up rosie huntington-whiteley , jourdan dunn , lily donaldson , cara delevingne , douglas booth and eddie redmayne before anyone else had clocked onto them . he counts sienna miller , suki waterhouse , naomi campbell and kate moss among his most recent clothes horses - and counting . one of his biggest - and most talked-about - coups was snapping up romeo beckham to front two of his campaigns . bailey is good friends with romeo 's mother , fellow designer victoria , so there 's little wonder the pair were introduced . indeed , romeo is one sixth of the uk 's most famous family , so it 's no surprise that romeo holds some pretty substantial pulling power . in fact , thanks to his burberry advert , sales of the brand 's classic £1,500 trench coats shot up a substantial 10 per cent . the fashion label credited the 12-year-old son of david and victoria for its rise in sales in the us , europe and the middle east after he starred in their christmas advert last year . the advert , which was first released in november , was the first-ever christmas campaign for burberry and starred romeo alongside 50 dancers all clad in the beige trench coats . such was his popularity in the film called from london with love that it was watched nine million times after being released . christopher bailey has plenty of friends in high places , including jemma kidd , anna wintour and evgeny lebedev and arthur wellesley , earl of mornington . bailey , seen with will.i.am , described himself as ' humbled ' after being offered the role , which he took up in mid-2014 when current ceo angela ahrendts , left , departed for apple . of course , bailey has put his golden touch on the clothes , too . this week it was revealed that sales of the brand 's poncho carrying a personal monogram and costing more than £1,000 have been central to a sales boom at the very british prestige brand . the ponchos - together with heritage trench coats and scarves - have boosted burberry sales by 10 per cent over the winter . the wool-and-cashmere designs , which were first modelled on the catwalk by cara delevingne , were a huge success among celebrities before christmas . famous names including victoria beckham , rosie huntington-whiteley , sienna miller and sarah jessica parker were all seen sporting the ponchos , each monogrammed with their initials . the firm said its scarves and trench coats were a hit with customers and ‘ investment and innovation in ponchos drove exceptional growth . the british brand has become a global success with sales up 10 per cent for the six months to the end of march compared to the year before , taking from up to £1.42 billion . chief financial officer , carol fairweather , described the impact of the ponchos as ‘phenomenal’ and suggested new variants are in the pipeline adding : ‘there’s lots more to come from the poncho story . ’ the british brand has become a global success with sales up 10 per cent for the six months to the end of march compared to the year before , taking from up to £1.42 billion . sales were particularly strong in the uk and europe , not least because hordes of tourists from china flocked here to buy designer clothes and bags . burberry saw ‘ double digit’ sales growth in the united states and europe and trading was particularly buoyant in britain , france and italy , from both locals and tourists . one of his biggest - and most talked-about - coups was snapping up romeo beckham to front two of his campaigns , which boosted the brand 's trench coat sales . burberry 's iconic ponchos have boosted burberry sales by 10 per cent over the winter . the wool-and-cashmere designs , which were first modelled on the catwalk by cara delevingne , front , were a huge success among celebrities before christmas . richard hunter , of hargreaves lansdown stockbrokers , said : ‘ burberry remains in fashion following a trading update which underscores its ability to capitalise on its chosen markets . ‘ the overall picture is extremely healthy – the strength of the digital contribution , particular product growth in the likes of the iconic trench coats and scarves and pleasing performances from the americas and most of europe . ‘ in addition , the company is well positioned for future , selective growth in terms of both stores and lines , such as beauty . ‘ it seems that everything about burberry is premium – its brand , its products and perhaps of late its share price – a 25 per cent increase over the last year compares to a 7.5 per cent rise for the wider ftse100 . ’ burberry was founded in 1856 but has moved with the times under bailey , who understands how to use technology and social media to the brand 's advantage . the brand 's flagship regent street store in london is case in point . it 's not just a place to shop but a hub of new technology with interactive mirrors , concert-quality sound systems and giant screens streaming their catwalk shows - as is the burberry beauty box in covent garden . bailey also allows customers the chance to purchase items straight from the runway at his shows , livestreams the events and this week launched a snapchat account , featuring surprise visits from members of the burberry family including cara delevingne , naomi campbell and jourdan dunn . the platform revealed real-time content from the event on thursday night , including live arrivals on the red carpet and front row reactions . speaking to mailonline , bailey said : ' it 's all about involving people around the world and making them feel part of the experience - even if they ca n't be there in person . he said : ' it 's about doing something that makes people smile , that makes people want to engage , whether it 's online , whether it 's physical , whether it 's at the show like this . ' bailey always manages to draw in the starriest of front rows ( l to r ) actress maggie gyllenhaal , singer sam smith , model cara delevingne , model jourdan dunn , model kate moss , fashion photographer mario testino and model naomi campbell at the burberry prorsum aw 2015 show . christopher bailey was born in west yorkshire in 1971 to a carpenter father and a mother who worked as a window dresser in marks & spencer . despite his country roots , fashion always called to bailey and in 1994 , he graduated from the royal college of art in london . his career began with a role at donna karan in new york but he moved on after just two years , having been offered a senior role at gucci . after five years in the job , burberry came calling with bailey tasked with turning the creative direction of the then ailing fashion house around . working closely with angela ahrendts , bailey 's vision struck a chord with buyers , press and fashion fans alike and the brand has gone from strength to strength during his tenure . awards for his work have ranged from an honorary doctorate from his alma mater , london 's royal college of art , to a prestigious cfda gong in 2011 . in his role as chief creative and chief executive officer , a new title created especially for him , bailey is responsible for everything from the design of burberry collections and products to advertising , corporate art direction and even architectural design . if his success so far is anything to go by , it 's going to be a very triumphant future for the a-list-loved brand . christopher bailey with his partner nigel woods at the 60th london evening standard theatre awards .            