ukip figures insist the party would carry on if nigel farage left , and that there are future leaders waiting to ' put their hats in the ring ' . mr farage has vowed he would stand down as leader if he fails to win the parliamentary seat he is contesting in thanet south . a private poll , paid for by a ukip donor but carried out by experts comres put the conservatives on course to retain the seat by a small margin . ukip mep diane james ( right ) has insisted the party would carry on if nigel farage failed to become an mp . but diane james , an mep and the party 's justice and home affairs spokesman , insisted the show would go on without him and that ukip was ' not at all ' a one-man band . she said : ' nigel stated categorically a few weeks ago that if he were not to be elected to the house of commons he would stand down , that 's fact . ' we 've got a very , very high-calibre of individuals within ukip… there are people there waiting . when the leadership race is announced then i 'm sure individuals will put their hats into the ring . ' miss james who recently stood down as a parliamentary candidate for family reasons , said she had said she ' no aspirations ' to lead ukip , but named three possible successors to mr farage – deputy leader paul nuttall , economics spokesman patrick o'flynn and deputy chairman suzanne evans , who are all standing as mps in may . the poll put the conservatives on 31 per cent , ukip on 30 per cent and labour on 29 per cent in the seat , where tory mp laura sandys – a moderate , pro-european - is standing down . the labour vote has shot up in the past month triggering fears in ukip that mr farage could finish in third place . a poll in february , heavily publicised by ukip , put him on course to win . ms james named ukip mep patrick o'flynn , mp douglas carswell and deputy chair suzanne evans as potential future leaders . mr farage said in his recent autobiography : ' the consequences of me failing to secure a seat for myself in the commons would be significant for me and the party . it is frankly just not credible for me to continue to lead the party without a westminster seat of my own . ' am i supposed to brief ukip policy from the westminster arms pub ? no – if i fail to win south thanet , it is curtains for me . i will have to step down . ' the ukip vote across the country has dropped in recent months , having shot up after they topped the poll in last year 's european elections . pundits now predict it will win a maximum of five seats in westminster including that of tory defector douglas carswell in clacton , essex . at least six tory mps will defect to ukip if david cameron tries to form another coalition with the liberal democrats , nigel farage has claimed . the ukip leader said many tory backbenchers will rebell if there is another power-sharing deal with nick clegg . he told mr farage told sunday times that he had had conversations with ' more than a handful ' of tories about joining ukip if the prime minister caves into lib dem demands on the terms of an eu referendum . mr farage said the possible defections were ' potentially very exciting stuff ' . he said : ' if cameron comes back as prime minister in a coalition deal with clegg and the terms of the referendum are on clegg lines , not farage lines , then you may very well see a more serious fracture in the conservative party than you 've seen thus far . ' there is the potential in the next parliament , if there are a decent number of ukip mps , that resolve could be stiffened all round . '