1 . lewis hamilton ( britain ) mercedes 93 . 2 . nico rosberg ( germany ) mercedes 66 . 3 . sebastian vettel ( germany ) ferrari 65 . 4 . kimi raikkonen ( finland ) ferrari 42 . fireworks lit up the desert night and sparks glowed from under the cars , but nothing shone brighter in the bahrain grand prix than the luminous talent of lewis hamilton . such is his form at the start of the season that we could easily mistake the extraordinary for the routine . the hard facts are that hamilton’s third win in four races extends his lead in the championship to 27 points over his mercedes team-mate nico rosberg . but the british driver’s performances are almost certainly the most complete of his startling career . lewis hamilton celebrates winning the bahrain grand prix ahead of sebastian vettel and mercedes team-mate nico rosberg ( right ) . kimi raikkonen , who finished second , applauds hamilton after the briton claimed his third victory in four races so far this season . hamilton extended his lead the formula one world championship with yet another flawless victory in bahrain . 1 . lewis hamilton ( britain ) mercedes 1:35:05.809 . 2 . kimi raikkonen ( finland ) ferrari +00:03.380 . 3 . nico rosberg ( germany ) mercedes 00:06.033 . 4 . valtteri bottas ( finland ) williams-mercedes 00:42.957 . 5 . sebastian vettel ( germany ) ferrari 00:43.989 . 6 . daniel ricciardo ( australia ) red bull - renault 01:01.751 . 7 . romain grosjean ( france ) lotus - mercedes 01:24.763 . 8 . sergio perez ( mexico ) force india - mercedes 1 lap . 9 . daniil kvyat ( russia ) redbull - renault 1 lap . 10 . felipe massa ( brazil ) williams-mercedes 1 lap . 11 . fernando alonso ( spain ) mclaren 1 lap . 12 . felipe nasr ( brazil ) sauber - ferrari 1 lap . 13 . nico hulkenberg ( germany ) force india - mercedes 1 lap . 14 . marcus ericsson ( sweden ) sauber - ferrari 1 lap . 15 . pastor maldonado ( venezuela ) lotus - mercedes 1 lap . 16 . will stevens ( britain ) marussia - ferrari 2 laps . 17 . roberto merhi ( spain ) marussia - ferrari 3 laps . r. max verstappen ( netherlands ) toro rosso - renault 22 laps . r. carlos sainz jr ( spain ) toro rosso - renault 27 laps . r. jenson button ( britain ) mclaren 57 laps . ( rank : r = retired , nc = not classified ) . fastest lap : kimi raikkonen,1:36.311 , lap 42 . his goal is to match sir jackie stewart’s record of three titles , as we were all reminded when the scot , who competed in a different and more dangerous age , conducted the podium interviews . stewart has occasionally been a critic of hamilton , and not without his reasons , but he was happy to acknowledge on sunday night that the reigning double world champion is ‘ the best out there at the moment’ . hamilton’s faultless behaviour extended to the celebratory spraying of rose water — the substitute drink in these religiously more abstemious countries . there was no repeat of his turning the fizz on a somewhat trapped stewardess as he did in china seven days earlier . in place of that unchivalrous act , he acted with total restraint , looking at the grey-suited women at the side of the presentation party but studiously keeping his distance . hamilton’s joy must have been immense though . he had beaten rosberg , a specialist in bahrain , in qualifying and in the race . whether the german can recover from this kind of mauling is open to question . however well he drives , he may never be a match for hamilton at his greatest . the championship dynamic developed in another important way : the ferraris of sebastian vettel and kimi raikkonen look set to stay in the hunt . the internal rivalry at ferrari may be as important to the outcome of the title as the one , albeit potentially fading , at mercedes . raikkonen was second with a strong drive from fourth on the grid , a place ahead of rosberg , who drove with real gusto but struggled with brake problems . it was always going to be hard to match the front-to-back excitement of last year’s race here . this edition did not reach those towering standards , but there was still a smattering of thrills during the 57 laps of a race whose efficient organisation , friendly paddock , and perfectly choreographed lights are a model of excellence for all grand prix hosts to emulate . the race started with a close dance between the leading cars . rosberg , in desperate need of a spark to light his championship challenge , dived down the right of the straight , was blocked by vettel , and then overtaken by raikkonen as the second corner swept round to the left .  but rosberg harried raikkonen’s red machine until he made his brave — arguably reckless — move going into the first corner at the start of the fourth lap . it worked , just . hamilton turned in a strong display at the sakhir international circuit to win in bahrain for the second consecutive year . hamilton leads the early phase of the grand prix from the ferrari pair of sebastian vettel , who finished fifth , and kimi raikkonen . ferrari team principal maurizio arrivabene was unimpressed , the italian mouthing a few words of pure anglo-saxon . hamilton , meanwhile , was running serenely at the front . rosberg was on a charge . he got close to vettel when the german ran wide . then rosberg attacked . it was a fine move , with the titanium underbellies of both cars sparkling in the dark . rosberg held vettel off and powered through . he was now running second behind hamilton , who was in clear command . next came the opening round of pit stops . vettel was first in of the front-runners . rosberg was in next but emerged from the pits behind the man he had just sweated blood passing . hamilton was soon in but a slow wheel change delayed him — a mistake for which the team apologised over the radio — as vettel and rosberg were now flying around . suddenly , hamilton’s gap had narrowed to under a second from more than five seconds . hamilton leads the pack on the run down to turn 1 ahead of vettel and rosberg as sparks fly in bahrain . hamilton leads the field round on the pardare lap in bahrain , the fourth round of the championship . hamilton is now 27 points clear of mercedes team-mate rosberg as he bids to win his third championship . rosberg immediately passed vettel again with another close-your-eyes , hold-on-to-your-hats move . could rosberg conjure something special and catch hamilton ? no . if the opportunity was ever there , it did not last long . hamilton was away , rosberg’s hopes of victory evaporating in an instant . the next round of stops came along . vettel was again first in ; rosberg was next , only to come out behind vettel again ; rosberg then passed vettel once more when the ferrari ran wide . but up front now , having stopped only once , was raikkonen on a different tyre strategy . he would stay out longer before putting in a final burst on the faster soft tyres . raikkonen was left with about 20 seconds to make up in 17 laps . his deficit was 16.2sec with 15 laps remaining . he was now three seconds quicker than the mercedes and on course . he continued to eat into those in front of him — hamilton and rosberg ( who finally got his place from a sometimes erratic vettel when the ferrari car needed a new nose ) . raikkonen could not catch hamilton , but rosberg , suffering brake problems , ran wide and the ferrari went through for second . watching from the mclaren hospitality area was jenson button . his car , which broke down in qualifying , did not recover from its electrical gremlins to allow him to race . it was only the third race of the last 272 staged the briton has missed . he tweeted his thoughts from his chair in the paddock , as his countryman shone brighter than all the stars . hamilton crosses the start-finish line to win his third race of the season under the lights in bahrain . the briton , who now has 36 career wins , celebrates his victory with an air golf swing after leaping out of his mercedes . pastor maldonado and max verstappen battle for position with sparks flying off their cars .  