tim howard is adamant the europa league is not to blame for everton delivering what might be their worse season for nine years . perhaps the goalkeeper would have been better off hiding behind conventional wisdom , considering the disappointment of this elongated campaign which could yet see everton finish in the bottom half of the premier league for the first time since 2006 . those prospects are dwindling , courtesy of a four-game unbeaten run , but there is no mistaking that roberto martinez’s side have fallen way below the standards set last season . the gap between their status now and after 32 games last season is 25 points , the difference between targeting a champions league place and chasing the top 10 . tim howard is adamant the europa league is not to blame for everton 's poor season in the premier league . the merseyside outfit played 10 games in europe this season before being knocked out by dynamo kiev . aaron lennon scored for everton at swansea city but the game ended in a 1-1 draw at the liberty stadium . swansea city ( 4-3-3 ) : fabianski 6.5 ; rangel 6 , fernandez 6 , williams 6 , taylor 6 ; ki 6.5 , cork 6.5 , shelvey 7.5 ( dyer 83mins ) ; sigurdsson 6 , gomis 6 ( emnes 17 , 6.5 ) , routledge 6.5 . subs not used : amat , britton , grimes , tremmel , fulton . booked : taylor , emnes , williams . everton ( 4-2-3-1 ) : howard 6.5 ; coleman 6 , stones 6 , jagielka 6.5 , baines 6.5 ; mccarthy 6.5 , barry 7 ; lennon 6.5 , barkley 5.5 ( mirallas 86 ) , osman 6 ( pienaar 28 , 6 ) ; kone 5 ( naismith 76 ) . subs not used : robles , besic , garbutt , alcaraz . booked : kone , howard , lennon . man of the match : jonjo shelvey . referee : michael oliver 5 . attendance : 20,468 . the demands of playing 10 games in the europa league have certainly taken their toll but howard rejected that theory , saying : ‘that’s something that’s been talked about for the last five or 10 years but it’s just a blanket statement people make . champions league teams have to do the same thing . ‘ they play wednesday and saturday and it’s tough but no-one blames champions league football . every football team does not have a god given right to be anywhere . ‘we’ve put in honest performances but things just haven’t gone our way . we could sit here and make a list of a thousand different things but it’s not the europa league or anything else . ’ the perception that luck has not gone everton’s way extended to saturday when aaron lennon’s first-half strike was cancelled out by a jonjo shelvey penalty . martinez was incensed by the award of a penalty though it appeared a reasonable decision . neither side came out of the fixture unscathed , with leon osman of everton and swansea city’s bafetimbi gomis due to have scans today on respective groin and hamstring injuries . howard will not allow europe to be an excuse for what could be everton 's worst season in nine years . jonjo shelvey of swansea scores past howard with a penalty to level the scores on saturday afternoon . swansea manager garry monk confirmed a striker is top of his summer wishlist after being left with no fit front men , while everton , in the shorter-term , have been told to finish in the top half . howard added : ‘there’s a points total we want to achieve and get ourselves in the top half of the table . ’ super stat : everton named an unchanged team in the league for the first time since march 2014 against fulham . roberto martinez will hope that after such a good campaign last time he does not get an unwanted record .