tottenham boss mauricio pochettino is convinced there is more to come from striker harry kane after seeing him plunder his 30th goal of the season . kane became the first spurs player since gary lineker to reach the 30-mark with a late strike in his side 's 3-1 barclays premier league victory at newcastle on sunday . however , pochettino is convinced the 21-year-old england hitman can improve further as he continues to make his way in the game . harry kane calmly slots tottenham 's third goal in time added on after coming one-on-one with krul . kane celebrates putting the result beyond doubt as spurs claim a 3-1 win over newcastle . he said : ' he has big potential . he is young and this is his first full season in the first team . we need to push him to try to improve his level because he has the potential to improve . ' it 's a fantastic achievement and i congratulate him . he deserves this moment because he has worked a lot . it 's an historic thing . ' he 's happy in the changing room and all his team-mates are happy , and i think all our supporters and the club are happy at his achievement . ' if it was kane who put the icing on the cake at st james ' park , it was nacer chadli and christian eriksen who paved the way for his late contribution as the visitors condemned newcastle to a sixth successive league defeat . chadli fired them in front on the half-hour and after jack colback had levelled 20 seconds after the restart , eriksen scored with a free-kick which evaded all the yellow shirts in the middle and defeated keeper tim krul . kane killed off any hopes of a second fightback when he rounded off a 91st-minute break to leave pochettino delighted . tottenham striker kane at full stretch as he is chased down by newcastle captain fabricio coloccini . kane celebrates his goal against newcastle as opposition goalkeeper tim krul looks on in despair . he said : ' we fully deserved the victory and the three points . i think our performance was better than newcastle 's and i am very pleased for our players . ' i am happy to recover this feeling after the last two games - that was n't good and it 's important to feel victory again . ' it proved a difficult day for opposite number john carver , whose side had to contend not only with tottenham , but a boycott by some of their own fans . kane is assessed early in the match after inadvertently being caught in the head by the arm of vernon anita . carver insisted that had little impact - the official attendance at the 52,000-capacity stadium was 47,427 - but admitted the magpies , who are currently seven points clear of the drop zone , are engaged in a survival fight . he said : ' absolutely , we 're in amongst it , there 's no danger of that , because you have got sides - and i 'll use leicester as an example - who are winning games . we are n't . jack colback is in the right place at the right time to pounce on a loose ball in the midfield and equalise . newcastle players join colback as the hard-working midfielder pounces on a loose ball in the area . ' but we have got to find a way of trying to find some points and put some points on the board . we have to come up with a solution , i have to come up with a solution . ' i have to find a method of trying to play now that might not be pretty on the eye , but i need to find a way of getting some results , getting some points . people might not like what they see , but i 'm going to have to do it . ' colback jumps for joy after his fourth goal of the season , all of which have been scored at home . fans applaud newcastle 's goals while one holds up a ' love nufc , not ashley ' sign during the game . geordie carver was installed as alan pardew 's replacement until the end of the season in january , and has found himself in the firing line virtually ever since , although he is refusing to throw in the towel . he said : ' it 's probably the most difficult situation i have ever been in . but i 'm a fighter and i 'm not going to shirk anything . i 'll take the stick and i 'll take the responsibility because that 's the type of person i am . ' but i 'm not going to give up on it . yes , i 'm angry and i 'm annoyed , and i 've got my own thoughts in my head that will stay private . but i have just got to get on with it because nobody else is going to do it . ' a plane hired by the supporters of rivals sunderland heap misery on newcastle united . ' we do n't demand a team that wins , we demand a team that tries , ' reads banner outside st james ' park .