they are often an embarrassing topic that leaves many people unwilling to talk about them , let alone own up to having one . but analysis of popular search terms on google has revealed the areas around the world that seem to be most concerned with sexually transmitted diseases . by far , the most searched for term globally is hiv and aids , followed by herpes and then human papilloma virus ( hpv ) which can cause cervical cancer . the map above shows the countries in europe with the highest and second highest number of searches per capita for different sexually transmitted diseases . the data was gathered using google trends . in the uk , chlamydia seemed to cause most concern , and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed std in the country according to official figures . however , in the us herpes was the most searched for term across the country , with georgia being the state with the most searches for the virus . in europe , norway came out as what the maps called a ' herpes hotspot ' generating the most searches per capita , followed by montenegro . russians seemed to be the most concerned about gonorrhea , while people in finland were the biggest group searching for information about chlamydia . a study has discovered one in ten americans think html - the name given to the code that makes up websites - is a sexually transmitted disease , while almost a third think a gigabyte is an insect . the research was carried out to determine how knowledgeable people are when it comes to tech terms , and how important they think tech is . vouchercloud’s study asked 2,392 men and women aged over 18 to identify the meanings of a variety of words . these words were a mix of technical and non-technical terms , and each term was given with three multiple choice answers . switzerland was the centre for the most searches about syphilis in europe , while croatians were the hotspot for hpv . albania had the most searches for hiv/aids . in the us , mississippi came out as the capital for gonorrhea , syphilis and chlamydia searches . while the data may reflect merely concern about the diseases , and so will in some cases highlight the most health conscious countries and states , it can also help to shed some light on where the incidence of stds are highest . mississippi has the highest rates of chlamydia and gonorrhea of all the 50 states in the us , for example . new york was found to be the hotspot for searches about hpv while the district of columbia was the area that searched most for information about hiv/aids . it also has the highest hiv/aids rates in the country . monitoring the spread of stds is notoriously difficult due to the stigma that often surrounds them , which makes people reluctant to be tested or admit to infections . the analysis of std web searches was conducted by superdrug 's online doctor service which offers medical support and advice over the internet . the map above shows the states where the highest and second highest number of searches for stds . the data showed that most worldwide google searches are about hiv/aids closely followed by herpes . chlamydia and gential warts attracted the most searches in the uk in the past year , while in the us internet users seemed to be most concerned about herpes followed by chlamydia , as the graph above reveals . it said the searches seemed to reflect some of the underlying trends in the spread of stds and treatment for them . for example , antibiotic-resistant gonorrhea has spread from east asia to europe over the past decade , which may explain why russia shows the most searches for this condition . switzerland has also seen an increase in syphilis cases since 2010 , including congenital syphilis transmitted from mother to child . this graph and map shows the areas of the uk and us where herpes was searched for most , and how searches have changed in both countries over time . a spike in searches in both countries can be seen at the time when harvard medical school announced it had discovered potential new treatment for herpes in 2009 . the graph and map above show the hotspots in the us and the uk for searches about syphilis . it also shows that searches for the condition appear to be rising in both countries after falling slightly around 2009 . many people may also be turning to the internet to find out information about std 's due to inadequate levels of support in the healthcare systems of their countries . in albania , for example , which had the highest number of searches per capita for hiv/aids , just 2 per cent of healthcare clinics provide screening for hiv . ukraine , which had the second highest number of searches for hiv , is suffering one of the worst aids epidemics in europe . the research also examined searches for sexual dysfunction related terms and found that perhaps surprisingly , italy came out as the capital for searches about the problem , along with premature ejaculation . gonorrhea hotspots in the uk and us are shown in the map above while the graph also shows that searches for the term are increasing , although the data may be affected by searches for the name of a pop song by lil wayne released in september 2010 . searches for hiv in the us and uk appear to be on the decline , although oxford came out as the hotspot where in the uk where most people searched for information , while leesburg came top in the us . searches for information about chlamydia seem to be increasing dramatically in recent years . london and san antonio come out as the cities where most people in the uk and us are searching about the diseease . west virginia was the state with most searches about erectile dysfunction and pennyslvania had the most searches for premature ejaculation . people in the uk and germany both seemed to search most for viagra , while in the us , florida was the state with most searches for the drug . a spokesman for superdrug 's online doctor said : ' sexual topics can be a difficult subject for anyone to discuss , especially when it comes to diseases and sexual dysfunctions . ' yet behind this silence , the data show that these health issues are surprisingly common , and many people around the world are struggling with the discomfort and stigma of these conditions . ' the research was carried out by superdrug .