chris smalling says manchester united have arsenal and chelsea in their sights following their resounding victory over champions manchester city . united are third , eight points behind leaders chelsea , who they face on saturday and play second placed arsenal in their penultimate league game . smalling scored united 's fourth goal in their 4-2 derby demolition . it means he has now scored the same amount of premier league goals this season as former teammate danny welbeck at arsenal with four . chris smalling showed his hunger to beat a lethargic city defence to ashley young 's free-kick . smalling is greeted by juan mata following his goal in manchester united 's impressive win over their rivals . he said : 'it’s massive [ to win six in a row ] . i think a lot of people probably saw our fixtures as the hardest of the lot , but if you play teams like tottenham and liverpool and win , they’re real six-pointers . it makes a massive difference , and i think confidence comes from beating these top teams . ' we weren’t ourselves in the first 15 minutes , but we dominated from there on . ' we came in at half-time and giggsy said it was a good show of character to come back from a goal down , but in the second half we needed to get the ball down and take a few more risks . mata once again showed his value to the side and pointed the way with a display full of energy and poise . ' we were a bit cautious and didn’t try to play out [ from the back ] too much , but in the second half we really kicked on and made a print on the game . smalling ghosted into the area unmarked to head ashley young 's free-kick past joe hart on 73 minutes . wayne rooney leaps onto marouane fellaini 's back after united took the lead through the big belgian . ' i wanted to try to get a run on early ; i was ready to pop up and it finished the game , ' he added . ' i think today put us up another step and i think we’re on a roll ; we can look up the table and not behind us . ' you could sense even from the warm-up that the atmosphere was going to be special . we lost against city earlier in the season so today was massive and i think the fans really stuck with us . ' all of united 's outfield players celebrate as they gave noisy neighbours manchester city .