when complete strangers niamh geaney , 26 , and karen branigan , 29 , discovered they looked so alike that they could be identical twins earlier this week , they made headlines around the world . but the irish pair are n't the only unrelated twosome to boast real life doppelgängers - and the celebrity world is no exception . whether actresses liz hurley , 49 , and jacqueline bissett , 70 , or model david gandy , 35 , and soap star dean gaffney , 37 , there 's no shortage of hollywood lookalikes . among the more unlikely pairings is hunger games star josh hutcherson , 22 , who stunned film fans when he stepped out at a première in spain this week bearing a striking resemblance to james alexandrou , 30 , an actor best known for his role as martin fowler in eastenders . scroll down for video . oi , pat ! martin 's in the hunger games ! josh hutcherson arrives at a première in madrid looking remarkably like walford 's martin fowler . clones : would martin fowler , played by james alexandrou until 2007 , have made it as far in the hunger games as hutcherson 's peeta ? blonde ambition : prince harry 's ex-girfriend , 29-year-old chelsy davy , looks very much like soap queen letitia dean , 47 . strikingly similar : john meyer , pictured left , and johnny depp , right , both have sharp cheekbones , dark hair and a penchant for hipster specs . east end girls : n-dubz singer and former x-factor judge tulisa contostavlos , 26 , looks incredibly similar to eastenders ' shona mcgarty , 23 . looking a long way from panem , hutcherson 's chubbier cheeks , darker hair and stubbled chin gave him a distinctly walford-worthy appearance , which was only emphasised when the night concluded with the 22-year-old having what looked like a heated argument with girlfriend claudia traisac . but the hutcherson-alexandrou pairing is n't the only set of twins to emerge from eastenders , which produces a remarkable number of stars who bear a striking resemblance to tinseltown 's finest . other unlikely double acts include tv hard man ross kemp , 50 , who played grant mitchell in the long-running soap and who , with his stern expression and shaved head , looks strikingly similar to hollywood hard man bruce willis , 60 . glamorous blonde gillian taylforth , 59 , is another former eastenders star with an a-list doppelgänger , in her case supermodel and fellow londoner , kate moss , 41 . another is letitia dean , 47 , who bears a sisterly resemblance to prince harry 's ex-girlfriend chelsy davy , 29 , and linda henry , 52 , who memorably played shirley carter and looks strikingly similar to heather mills , 47 . away from albert square , there 's no shortage of celebrity clones with johnny depp , 50 , looking remarkably like singer john mayer , 37 , and zoe saldana , 36 , who looks very much like fellow actress , jada pinkett-smith , 43 . seeing double : 35-year-old essex-born model david gandy looks strikingly similar to former eastenders man , dean gaffney , 37 . similar : their mutual love of eye make-up makes the similarity between actress jessie wallace and kris jenner even more striking . london 's finest : one is a blonde with striking high cheekbones and the other is kate moss - gillian taylforth and her model lookalike . a tale of two hard men : bruce willis and ross kemp are both famous for playing tough guys - and they look similar as well . the eyes have it ! with their short blonde crops and almond-shaped eyes , eastenders ' linda henry and skier heather mills look very alike . royal replica : liz hurley ( left ) , who is currently starring in cut-price drama the royals , looks very much like a young jacqueline bisset ( right ) . transatlantic twins : actor logan marshall-green , 38 , best known for his role in the o.c , looks very much like british star tom hardy , 37 . glamorous girls : will smith 's elegant actress wife jada pinkett-smith , 43 , looks remarkably similar to 36-year-old star trek star zoe saldana . they could be sisters : australian actress margot robbie , 24 , is a dead ringer for my name is earl star jaime pressly , 37 . seriously similar : spanish star javier bardem , 46 , has an american lookalike in the shape of grey 's anatomy actor jeffrey dean morgan , 48 . glamorous redheads : emma stone , 26 , looks like a much younger version of 45-year-old soap actress melinda clarke . 