david cameron today boasted that 2million people have found work since 2010 , as new employment figures showed the uk workforce is at another record high . unemployment has continued to fall and a record 31 million people are in work , the last jobless figures before the general election have shown . the prime minister used the data to warn that the recovery would be ' put at risk ' by a 'stitch-up ' between labour and the snp , after ed miliband and nicola sturgeon clashed in a tv debate last night . the office for national statistics said more than 31 million people were in work after an increase of more than half a million in the past year . david cameron today warned the recovery would be put at risk by a labour-snp 'stitch-up ' after the election on may 7 . the office for national statistics ( ons ) said that more than 31 million people were in work after an increase of more than half a million in the past year , the biggest total since records began in 1971 . the figure is up from 29million in spring 2010 , before the tories and lib dems went into coalition . at the same time the jobless total fell by 76,000 to 1.84 million in the quarter to february , the lowest for almost seven years . mr cameron said : ' there are now 2 million more people in work than in 2010 – that 's more families with the stability and security of a regular pay packet . ' this is thanks to the hard work and the determination of the british people , and the conservatives ' strong leadership and clear economic plan . ' it would all be put at risk with the chaos of a miliband-snp stitch-up , hiking borrowing , hurting the economy , and costing jobs – and it 'll be hardworking taxpayers who 'll pay . ' he used a speech today to warn that a labour government would put 1million jobs at risk . claiming mr miliband represents a threat to jobs , the tory leader said : ' you know what makes me really angry ? it 's when our opponents still go on about ' you tories – the party for the few and not the many… ' excuse me ? ' this is the party that 's taken three million of the lowest-paid workers out of income tax altogether ; that 's cut the taxes of 26million working people ; that 's seen 1,000 jobs created every day – jobs that are giving families security , putting food on tables , helping people out of poverty . ' under the last five years of labour , unemployment went up by 600 people a day . ' so if ed miliband repeated the economic mistakes of the last labour government – that he was a part of – he risks a million more people joining the dole queues . ' the uk 's unemployment rate is now 5.6 per cent , a fall of 1.3 per cent since a year ago . the rate was 7.9 per cent in may 2010 , when the last general election was held . in a live tv debate last night between opposition leaders , ms sturgeon warned mr miliband is not ' strong enough ' to win the election alone and urged him to ditch austerity to kick the tories out . the labour leader rejected the offer of a post-election deal , telling ms sturgeon : ''it 's a ' no ' , i 'm afraid . ' you want to gamble on getting rid of a tory government ; i can guarantee that we get rid of a tory government if you vote labour . ' but polls suggest the snp is set to make huge gains in scotland , depriving labour of hopes of securing an overall majority . the number of people claiming jobseeker 's allowance fell by 20,700 in march to 772,400 , the 29th consecutive monthly cut . the uk 's unemployment rate is now 5.6 per cent , a fall of 1.3 per cent since a year ago . the rate was 7.9 per cent in may 2010 , when the last general election was held . around 1.3 million people were in part-time jobs when they wanted full-time work , up by 29,000 in the latest quarter , while self-employment was little changed at 4.5 million . in a live tv debate last night between opposition leaders , snp leader nicola sturgeon warned labour 's ed miliband is not ' strong enough ' to win the election alone and urged him to ditch austerity to kick the tories out . the number of people classed as economically inactive , including those looking after a relative , on long-term sick leave or who have given up looking for work , fell by 104,000 to just under nine million . average earnings increased by 1.7 per cent in the year to february , 0.2 per cent down on the previous month . long-term unemployment has also fallen , down by 188,000 to 623,000 for those out of work for at least a year . youth unemployment - 16 to 24-year-olds - fell by 22,000 in the three months to february to 742,000 . the ons also reported that 107,000 people were made redundant over the latest three months , little changed on the end of last year , but more than 200,000 fewer than the record peak of 311,000 in early 2009 . there were 743,000 job vacancies across the country in january to march , 124,000 more than a year ago and the highest since records began in 2001 . liberal democrat chief secretary to the treasury danny alexander said : ' britain is the job creation powerhouse of the western economies . with record numbers of people in work and the highest employment rate ever , people can see the difference lib dems have made in government . ' the balance , common sense , fairness and financial discipline praised by the imf today are the things we have brought to government . ' rachel reeves , shadow work and pensions secretary , said : ' today 's fall in overall unemployment is welcome , but with working people earning on average gbp1,600 less a year since 2010 and the biggest fall in wages over a parliament since 1874 , it 's clear the tory plan is failing . dr john philpott , director of the jobs economist , said : ' the quarterly increase of 248,000 in the number of people in work in the uk is remarkably strong . with two-thirds of these additional people employed full-time and almost all employees in permanent jobs this surge indicates real momentum in the ongoing jobs recovery . ' together with zero price inflation , the jobs boom is helping improve real incomes despite the fact that wage pressure remains subdued . however , the rise in employment and real wages continues to mask severe underlying weakness in labour productivity . this will have to improve markedly if the current recovery in living standards is to be sustained into the medium and long-term . ' 