this will prove yet another bitter pill for saracens to swallow . the hurt of losing back-to-back european and domestic finals last year took mark mccall’s men all of last summer and a good chunk of this season to overcome . this time they must lick their wounds and refocus their efforts on the aviva premiership after coming up short against clermont . clermont warm up in front of their supporters at stade geoffroy-guichard in saint-etienne . clermont centre wesley fofana attempts an offload following a crunching hit from marcelo bosch . saracens flanker maro itojie secures a loose ball on the deck during a tight first half of action . there should be no shame in this defeat . whereas northampton capitulated embarrassingly against the same opponents a fortnight ago , saracens stood tall on saturday . saracens’ long-suffering chairman nigel wray , who has pumped tens of millions of pounds into this club over the past two decades , took the opportunity on saturday morning to repeat his conviction that english clubs will never be able to compete with french teams if the domestic salary cap is not raised . but it can only be a matter of time before saracens deliver . with five of their starting pack under the age of 24 — all english qualified — they have forwards who will surely develop into a world-class outfit . twenty-year-old maro itoje was impressive making his first start in europe , while the vunipola brothers were magnificent . ultimately the better side won , and clermont will head into their second european final confident they can land their first european title . saracens pressurised clermont with the same fierce defence that knocked them so spectacularly off their stride in last year’s semi-final at twickenham . sarries no 8 billy vunipola makes a strong run as radosavljevic tries to halt his progress . the difference this time was that clermont knew what was coming and were able to keep their wits about them , buoyed by a partisan crowd . ‘i’ve never experienced an atmosphere like that , ’ said mccall . ’the effort and many aspects of our performance were phenomenal . we made clermont play a a game they didn’t want to play . the game was on a knife edge with 10 minutes to go but games like that are decided by small margins . ’ as evidence of their dominance , clermont will point to wesley fofana’s superbly taken second-half try and a 19th-minute incident which saw naipolini nalaga denied what should have been a penalty try . chris ashton knocked him into touch without attempting to wrap his arms around him . saracens full back alex goode tries to sidestep clermont scrum half ludovic radosavljevic . but , had jacques burger been able to cling on to a knock-on from nalaga with less than 10 minutes on the clock after richard wigglesworth’s superb chase and tackle of alex goode’s clearance , saracens could so easily have won this game . it is hard to comprehend how the club will pick themselves up from yet another shattering defeat to deliver domestic silverware . but , after winning at racing metro in the quarter final while watching premiership rivals northampton capitulate to clermont two weeks ago , mccall’s men still have every chance of delivering a trophy this season . ‘ it won’t deter us from our goal , ’ insisted wigglesworth , who is playing the best rugby of his career . richard wigglesworth feeds the ball into a saracens scrum as referee george clancy watches on . ‘it’s easy to focus on the negatives when we have just lost a game like that . but we’re unbelievably proud of that performance and we’ve got a week to rest out battered bodies and go again . ’ saracens face northampton at stadium mk next saturday , before having the following weekend off when they will watch on enviously as clermont contest the champions cup final at twickenham against either leinster or toulon , who will go head to head on sunday . but on reflection , saracens will be buoyed by this performance . itoje is a rare prospect capable of explosive bursts of power and hugely athletic around the field while billy and mako vunipola are two of the most destructive carriers in europe . they have both returned to their best following a slow start to the season , while saracens scrum is also in fine shape . saracens fly half charlie hodgson clears his lines under pressure from the clermont defence . charlie hodgson missed two critical long-range penalties on saturday but the veteran fly half has been magnificent this season and the second-half appearance of owen farrell from the bench saw the england no 10 make his first appearance since rupturing knee ligaments in january . with schalk britz and brad barritt both fit again , only the absence of captain alistair hargreaves with concussion-related symptoms weakens mccall’s squad . they will hurt from this no doubt . but in the cold light of day , saracens will realise many of their boys became men on saturday . the future remains bright for them on the field .