richie benaud’s family have been offered a state funeral after australian prime minister tony abbott called his death the ‘ greatest loss for cricket since the loss of don bradman’ . the former australia captain and legendary broadcaster died on wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer . abbott said : ‘ there would be very few australians who have not passed a summer in the company of richie benaud . richie benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge . benaud was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native australia and for the bbc . australian prime minister tony abbott has offered benaud 's family a state funeral . benaud , pictured on his wedding day to wife daphne , and during his time as australia captain . benaud was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests . ‘ he was the accompaniment of an australian summer , his voice was even more present than the chirping of the cicadas in our suburbs and towns , and that voice , tragically , is now still . but we remember him with tremendous affection . ’ state funerals in australia are generally reserved for politicians . even bradman himself turned down the offer of one before his death in 2001 . but such is the esteem in which benaud was held , both as an engaging all-round cricketer – he took 248 test wickets with his leg-breaks and scored 2,201 runs – and as a commentator , that abbott has been moved to make an exception . david gower , geoffrey boycott and benaud assembled a formidable line-up for the bbc in 1995 . a master with the microphone to his lips , benaud also was well aware of the power of silence . the tributes continued on friday to a man routinely referred to as ‘ the voice of cricket’ . his fellow leg-spinner shane warne said , ‘ for me it was an honour and a privilege to call you a close friend and mentor’ , while sachin tendulkar described his death as a ‘ great loss to the world of cricket’ . australia’s test captain michael clarke praised benaud for helping ‘ the australian team have the attitude where they wanted to win . he played the game the right way’ . one of clarke’s predecessors , steve waugh , said : ‘ his legacy to the game will always live on . ’ the veteran australian radio commentator jim maxwell said : ‘ he has been the most influential , revered and respected person in the game for 50 years . as australian captain he never lost a series . as a commentator he was precise , authoritative and deliciously understated . ’ benaud , pictured in 2006 during the launch of his book my take on cricket , was widely respected and loved . benaud pays tribute to australian media mogul and cricket pioneer kerry packer after his death in 2005 . on commentating . ' what i want most from being a television commentator is to be able to feel that , when i say something , i am talking to friends . ' ' my mantra is : put your brain into gear and if you can add to what 's on the screen then do it , otherwise shut up . ' ' the key thing was to learn the value of economy with words and to never insult the viewer by telling them what they can already see . ' ' out in the field , you have n't got anyone whispering into your ear saying all sorts of things , you 've got to do it yourself . ' on captaincy . ' the hallmark of a great captain is the ability to win the toss , at the right time . ' ' captaincy is 90 per cent luck and 10 per cent skill . but do n't try it without that 10 per cent . ' on batting . ' bruce reid is not the worst batsman there is at international level but those who are worse would not need to hire the myer music bowl to hold a convention . ' ' glenn mcgrath dismissed for two , just ninety-eight runs short of his century . ' ' he 's not quite got hold of that one . if he had , it would have gone for nine . ' on bowling . ' a bleeding ring finger at the end of every training session was not only normal but essential for my development as a wrist spinner . ' ' your wrist must be cocked , but not stiffly cocked . ' ' you must always look where you want to land it . if i offered you 10,000 dollars to hit a tin can , you 'd never take your eyes off it . ' on twenty20 cricket . ' if any form of game can pull 20,000 spectators into a game of cricket it 's great for the sport . i think it 's wonderful . ' ' as long as the people who run the game have brains and keep three forms of the game i think it will be terrific . ' on shane warne 's ' ball of the century . ' gatting has absolutely no idea what has happened to it . still does n't know . ' on 1981 's ' underarm bowling ' scandal . ' a disgraceful performance from a captain who got his sums wrong . it should never be permitted to happen again . one of the worst things i have ever seen done on a cricket field . ' miscellaneous . ' the slow-motion replay does n't show how fast the ball was really travelling . ' ' a cricket ground is a flat piece of earth with some buildings around it . ' ' he 's usually a good puller - but he could n't get it up that time . ' ' cricket has changed for the better ... it 's because of what happened then , cricket is so strong now . ' 