sophie wilson performed cpr on bradley wilson . a teenage girl has told how she saved the life of a childhood friend who attempted suicide after months of bullying . sophie wilson , 17 , performed cpr on bradley parkes after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in willenhall , in coventry . the 16-year-old was taken to birmingham children 's hospital in a coma but yesterday his mother tiffany , 35 , revealed he had made a ' miracle ' recovery , as she thanked the girls . sophie and katie alwill , 18 , raised the alarm and summoned help after they stumbled across the teenager during a woodland walk . ' someone burned the rope free from the tree using a lighter , ' said miss wilson . ' he was n't breathing and his pulse was very weak . ' i learned cpr at school and i started doing chest compressions and mouth to mouth . ' he started breathing again but it was more snorting than breathing . ' i 'm in shock and it still has n't hit me that this actually happened . it feels like it is n't real . ' miss wilson revealed how bradley had grown up in the house opposite her and they went to primary school together . ' he 's a really nice lad and i 've never heard a bad word said about him . i did n't know he was being bullied . i do n't think he told anyone . ' ms parkes , a mother-of-five , told yesterday how her son was making progress . ' i ca n't thank those girls enough , i dread to think what would have happened if they had n't found him , ' she reportedly told the mirror . the mother of schoolboy bradley parkes , 16 , shared this picture saying : ' hope all you b******s are happy my son is fighting for his life ' after his suicide attempt . ' i thought he was going to die . ' the mother-of-five shared a picture of her son in hospital last week and said he had been tormented for months by a gang . she described how her son had been robbed at knife point several times and was even slashed in the face . ' it all started in about august last year and bradley has even been held at knifepoint , ' she told the coventry telegraph . ' one time he was walking from one friend 's house to another and this gang robbed all three of them . ' they even cut his face with a knife and told him not to tell people . he 's even had his hand broken . ' every time they see him they just take everything off him . people know all about this gang and they are arrested for all sorts . ' the manchester united fan was found unconscious in willenhall woods on thursday last week . he had just passed his first course at ernesford grange school and was planning to go to college . his mother previously said : ' he left a suicide note saying he was taking his own life as it was easier than what he was going through . ' ms parkes said the bullying escalated after bradley gave a statement to the police about the gang , who are aged between 14 and 18 . ' he 's been called a grass and all sorts , ' she said . bradley was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through . he is now recovering from the ordeal . ' when he was held at knifepoint we decided enough was enough and went to the police . ' the other boy who was also robbed was too scared to make a statement , but bradley wanted to . ' one of the gang members was charged and is now on remand in prison . he 's up in court next month . ' they have smashed people 's windows , vandalised people 's homes and even set fire to someone using a deodorant can and a lighter . ' it left the person with burns on their stomach . since that , all the grass stuff started and it made bradley 's life hell . ' she slammed west midlands police for failing to take her repeated complaints seriously . ' i have gone to the police lots of times but it does n't do anything . and not many people do go to the police as they are scared . i 'm running out of options , ' she said . west midlands police said they had launched and investigation into bradley 's attempt to end his life . detective chief inspector helen kirkman said : ' we recognise this is an emotive time for the school and the community . ' we are committed to finding out what may have led up to the boy taking such a sad decision and we continue to investigate offences that may have been committed against him . ' anyone who may have any information that may assist our investigation should call us . ' additional patrols are being carried out in the willenhall area and we are working very closely with the school . ' for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here . 