more than 20,000 foreign fighters have fled to syria and iraq , turning the region into an ‘ international finishing school’ for jihadists , an alarming report found . fighters from 100 nations – more than half the countries in the world – have joined militant groups such as al qaeda and islamic state , according to research by the united nations . worryingly , the report warned if is was defeated in the war-torn region then the barbarous foreign fighters could be scattered across the world . scroll down for video . more than 20,000 foreign fighters from more than half the countries in the world have joined militant groups such as al qaeda and islamic state , according to a report by the united nations . the number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by a staggering 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and march 2015 after is gained significant territory . syria and iraq were by far the biggest destinations , with over 20,000 foreign fighters travelling to the region to fight for mainly is but also the al-nusra front . the panel said the thousands of foreign fighters who travelled to both countries are living and working in ‘ a veritable “ international finishing school” for extremists’ as was the case in afghanistan in the 1990s . afghan security forces estimated in march – three months after british troops withdrew - that about 6,500 foreign fighters were active in the country . and it said hundreds of foreigners are fighting in yemen , libya and pakistan , around 100 in somalia , and others in the sahel countries in northern africa , and in the philippines . the panel of experts monitoring un sanctions against al-qaeda said in the report that the scale of the problem has increased over the past three years and the flow of foreign fighters ‘ is higher than it has ever been historically’ . the number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by a staggering 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and march 2015 after is gained significant territory . the overall number of foreign terrorist fighters has ‘ risen sharply from a few thousand ... a decade ago to more than 25,000 today , ’ the panel said in the report to the un security council . a military defeat of the islamic state group in syria and iraq could have the unintended consequence of scattering foreign terrorist fighters across the world , the panel said . it noted that the ‘ watch list’ in turkey - a key crossing point to syria and iraq - now includes 12,500 individuals . and while governments are focusing on countering the threat from fighters returning home , the panel said it’s possible that some may be traumatised by what they saw and need psychological help . others may be recruited by criminal networks . the number of countries the fighters come from has also risen dramatically from a small group in the 1990s to over 100 today , including some that have never had previous links with al-qaeda associated groups , the panel said . it cited the ‘ high number’of foreign fighters from tunisia , morocco , france and russia , the increase in fighters from the maldives , finland and trinidad and tobago , and the first fighters from some countries in sub-saharan africa . syria and iraq were by far the biggest destinations , with fighters mainly travelling to the region to fight for is but also the al-nusra front ( pictured , a fighter from the al-qaeda linked militant group ) . the panel said the fighters and their networks ‘ pose an immediate and long-term threat’ and ‘ an urgent global security problem’ that needs to be tackled on many fronts and has no easy solution . with globalised travel , it said , the chance of a person from any country becoming a victim of a foreign terrorist attack ‘ is growing , particularly with attacks targeting hotels , public spaces and venues’ . but the panel noted that a longstanding terrorist goal is ‘ generating public panic’ and stressed that the response needs to ‘ be measured , effective and proportionate . ’ it said the most effective policy is to prevent the radicalization , recruitment and travel of would-be fighters . the panel noted that less than 10 per cent of basic information to identify foreign fighters has been put in global systems and called for greater intelligence sharing . 