hidden along a dusty dirt track across several miles of scenic hills , it was formerly home to a post office , a grocery store and even a school house . but now , evansville in comanche county , kansas , is a shadow of its former self , with its once-thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair . however , the ghost town is still home to two final residents , who tend to the site 's numerous cattle - rancher larry ' dee ' scherich and his wife , phyllis . the couple , who live in a house just north of the historic commissary building , do not have to worry about unexpected visitors , nor noisy neighbors . instead , they encounter only hired workers in the town , which previously housed the headquarters of the largest cattle ranch in kansas 's history . remote : it was home to a post office , a grocery store and even a school house in the 1870s and 80s . but now , evansville in comanchea county , kansas , is a shadow of its former self , with its once-thriving commissary building ( pictured today ) in a state of disrepair . deserted : horse harnesses hang empty from the roof of the commissary 's stables , while the building 's wooden walls are falling apart . no neighbors : however , the ghost town is still home to two final residents - rancher larry ' dee ' scherich and his wife , phyllis ( pictured ) . rancher : the couple , who live in a house just north of the commissary building , do not have to worry about unexpected visitors , nor noisy neighbors . above , mr scherich talks about the features of the historic commissary building at the deadtown site of evansville . long gone : cattle graze where the former evansville school house was located , near the beautiful - but mostly treeless - gypsum hills . on a regular basis , the scheriches hike up to a springs , situated near the mostly treeless gypsum hills , with their stunning views , canyons and buttes . here , wild animals and insects continue to drink the natural spring water that still flows at the now-deserted site . ' with no trees to speak of , trees by a springs would have been real respite , ' mrs scherich told the hutchinson news . referring to evansville itself , which likely began its life as a town in the late 1870s , she added : ' by 1910 , there was not much left . ' indeed , the town once boasted a ranch house and a commissary building after four ranchers moved to the area in the 1870s and early 1880s . the men , named as jess evans , wylie payne , richard phillips and major andrew drum , set up an enormous cattle ranch in the region after an army order banned texas cattle drives from crossing the oklahoma strip , according to the book , kansas : the priceless prairie , by author mary einsel . the operation , dubbed the comanche pool , which was based at evans 's ranch , began with 26,000 head of cattle . in subsequent years , the area grew into a town , with its own post office , grocery store and other buildings . it even had its own hotel with ' easy access to all cattle camps in the territory ' . historic : the scheriches encounter only hired help in the town , which previously housed the headquarters of the largest cattle ranch in kansas 's history . above , mrs scherich believes the middle portion of this house was one of the original buildings in the ghost town . saved : four ranchers moved to the area in the 1870s and early 1880s and set up an enormous ranch , dubbed the comanche pool . above , mr scherich has kept pieces of barbed wire used in the town , including the wire used by the comanche pool 's ranchers . still life : on a regular basis , the scheriches hike up to a springs ( pictured ) , situated near the picturesque gypsum hills , with their stunning views , canyons and buttes . here , wild animals and insects continue to drink the natural spring water that still flows at the site . contrast : this photo shows several of the many cowboys employed by the comanche pool in comanche county during the 1880s . the evansville herald , which started publishing in october 1885 , reported on a prospering town with around 40 residents and several businessmen . however , in 1884 , a large portion of comanche county - where the ranchers had used land ' unofficially ' - was bought by settlers for $ 1.25 an acre . in following years , as the herd law was enacted ( forcing ranchers to fence their cattle ) and the winters became harsher , the comanche pool dissolved . but evansville continued to grow , david webb , of kansas heritage center , writes in his and co-author alzina baker 's book , comanche county history . a nearby post office moved into the town , a sorghum mill reportedly opened and by november 1886 , residents were hoping for a railroad . ' we all want a railroad and now is the time to get one , ' the editor of the evansville herald apparently wrote at the time , adding : ' we may never have a better chance . ' however , several years later , the newspaper had shut down due to lack of profit , while the commissary building and its post office shortly closed . sawed logs : the historic commissary building was built using rough sawed logs and wood that workers notched to fit ( pictured today ) . co-manager : mrs sherich is pictured looking up inside the commissary . she now manages merrill ranch in the town with her husband . today , horse harnesses hang empty from the roof of the building 's ruined stables , while the commissary 's wooden log structures are falling apart . in front of the building , broken-off posts stick up from the ground - and a boardwalk that used to be bustling with residents is long gone . ' i 'd love to have someone restore it , ' mrs scherich said of the commissary , adding : ' it would be expensive . i should have done it 20 years ago . ' mr scherich moved to evansville with his parents in the 1940s to manage merrill ranch - long after the town had been deserted by most ranchers . although he left the ranch to teach at inman high school for several years , he eventually returned to the site with mrs scherich in 1976 . they now manage the ranch and its cattle together .