chelsea are discussing the possibility of a post-season tour , a move that could upset numerous international managers . jose mourinho did n't rule out a potential 12,000-mile round trip to japan , home of new sponsors yokohama rubber , . no final decision has been made on a destination but if a tour goes ahead , the squad is likely to fly out on either may 28 or 29 for a two-match , week-long trip . jose mourinho did not rule out the prospect of a 12,000-mile round trip for a pre-season tour in japan . the news may concern a string of international bosses who will be relying on chelsea players for their mid-june friendlies and qualifiers . for instance , belgium face france in a friendly on june 7 before a vital euro 2016 qualifier against wales on june 12 . england , spain and serbia , who all have chelsea players in their squads , all have games between june 12-14 . likewise , the proposed tour would also have implications for chelsea 's south american contingent , including oscar , willian and juan cuadrado , ahead of the copa america on june 11 . fifa rules state that nations are entitled to players 14 days before the start of a tournament . it is highly likely that those players involved in the copa america would be given permission to miss chelsea 's post-season tour . chelsea are yet to finalise plans for their pre-season as they lead the way at the top of the premier league . mourinho said : ' i think we 'll go on an after-season tour to play a couple of matches in some destination where people will be very enthusiastic to have the premier league champions , if we win it . ' it 's something we are thinking about , a good way to celebrate . not a victory parade , but a trip , a week where we play a couple of matches but , at the same time , can be together without the pressure of winning every match , without the pressure and tension of the last weeks of the premier league . ' we can also relax and go to holidays with that good feeling . but we still have nine matches to play . ' mr bruce buck and the board are talking with me . we want to go somewhere where people are enthusiastic to have a club like chelsea . ' japan ? i do n't know but that would make some sense . ' 