this is the moment the pop star daughter of a mexican drugs lord broke into court in the middle of the night with gun-toting bodyguards – to shoot a music video . singer melissa plancarte , whose stage name is melissa : cartel princess , was filmed doing her midnight flit in the mexico 's michoacan state courthouse for her pop video ' since you left ' . seen by half a million fans , the clip shows glamorous pop star - one of mexico 's most beautiful women , dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase . scroll down for video . break-in : singer melissa plancarte is pictured dancing on the stairs inside the courthouse in her music video . lavish lifestyle : melissa plancarte lives in a mansion in the town of nueva italia and has three pet tigers . father : enrique plancarte was in charge of a drugs cartel known for hanging its victims by the neck from busy motorway bridges . and melissa would have got away with it - had it not been for eagle eyed fans who spotted unmistakeable murals at the state capital morelia building . furious officials say the star did n't have permission to film at the courthouse . supreme court president juan antonio magaña blasted : ‘it’s not possible to hire out these buildings for any price . at least not legally . ' speculating how the pop star got in , state governor fausto vallejo said he suspected the guards may have received bribes . melissa 's father , enrique plancarte , headed one of mexico 's biggest drugs cartels which was infamous for hanging its victims by the neck from motorway bridges . plancarte made millions before he died in a shoot out with the mexican navy last year . he owned melissa 's record label , planrecords - which has just two other acts on its books - melissa 's brother and sister kike and jazet . the stunning singer , who owns three pet tigers and boasts about her lavish lifestyle on instagram , only recently admitted who her father was . she was outed in a social media campaign by michoacan self-defence groups , who are waging a war to rid the state of drugs families . mobster plancarte was responsible for numerous deaths across mexico . he headed the knights templar cartel , which smuggled crystal meth into the us . the mob boss was killed after a bounty of £435,000 was placed on his head by the government . his shooting sent shockwaves through the knights templar . ‘ we knew this was going to happen but nothing can prepare you for it , ' melissa revealed after attending her father’s funeral . recognisable : youtube users pointed out the unmistakable murals and staircase inside the court building . social media : pop star melissa owns a large mansion in the town of nueva italia and documents her lavish lifestyle on instagram . the stunning singer only recently admitted her father was the feared drug boss who has been responsible for countless deaths across the troubled state of michoacan . body art : this instagram picture shows the pretty singer wearing no make up and having a tattoo done . but her mob connections do not end with her father ; last year her nephew mario contreras and cousin nazaro moreno were arrested for their involvement with organised crime . she bosted of her mob roots when she posed in an outfit bearing the insignia of her father’s gang - a red cross on a white background - on instagram . and last april , the cartel princess posted photos on social media from inside a property that had been seized by the knights templar through an illegal extortion racket . to hit back , she published a music video called ‘ me vale’ ( ' i don’t care’ ) filmed in the house with her crime family . melissa owns a large mansion in the town of nueva italia – the centre of knights templar heartland - and shares them with her three big cats , which is a status symbol in mexico . ‘ i like them because they’re exotic and unique’ , she told mexican showbiz magazine tvnotas . her mother neria bustos valencia still lives in the town centre mansion her dead husband built in the centre of nueva italia , next door to melissa . unusual pets : the keeping of big cats as pets is seen as a status symbol in mexico and melissa has three . melissa’s connections to the criminal gang do not end with her father - last year her nephew mario contreras and cousin nazaro moreno were arrested for their involvement with organised crime .