fashion targets breast cancer , the charity founded by ralph lauren in 1994 , has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever . starring models from sizes 10 to 20 and showcasing clothes from high street giants including marks & spencer 's , debenhams and laura ashley , this year 's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause . this follows the first leg of the campaign , which launched earlier this month and starred models abbey clancy , 29 , and alice dellal , 27 , singer foxes , 25 , and victoria 's secret angel lily donaldson , 28 . scroll down for video . fashion targets breast cancer , the charity founded by ralph lauren in 1994 , has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever ( pictured ) . with a particular focus on challenging negative body image , fashion targets breast cancer teamed up with bridge models , an agency which specialises in recruiting women of all shapes and sizes . models including amy sellu , kate hislop , chloe lewin , mollie campsie and rachael williams all stand behind the agency 's ethos , which is to ‘ bridge the gap’ between standard size and plus-size in the fashion industry . 'we’re honoured to have bridge models on board with our campaign , ' says natalie legg-stoddart , fashion targets breast cancer campaign manager at breakthrough breast cancer . 'it’s so important for [ the campaign ] to be part of the lives of every single woman in the uk . ' our campaign represents sisterhood , it’s all about bringing the nation’s women together to join in the fight against breast cancer , so teaming up with bridge models – who celebrate each and every woman – made perfect sense . starring models from sizes 10 to 20 , this year 's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes . the campaign showcases clothes from high street giants including marks & spencer 's and debenhams . with a particular focus on challenging negative body image , fashion targets breast cancer teamed up with bridge models , an agency which specialises in recruiting women of all shapes and sizes . charlotte griffiths and beth willis , directors of bridge models , said : ' we could n't be more thrilled to be working with fashion targets breast cancer for this year 's launch . ' it 's a great opportunity to raise awareness for the charity , by advertising these designs on women of all different shapes and sizes , promoting a diverse and body positive campaign for a great cause . ' ralph lauren launched the initiative in 1994 after losing a close friend to breast cancer . with it , he sought to galvanise the world of fashion as a force to fight the disease . every year , fashion brands unite to release special clothing and accessory collections , the proceeds from which go towards helping breast cancer charities . bridge models ' ethos is to ‘ bridge the gap’ between standard size and plus-size in the fashion industry . fashion targets breast cancer manager natalie legg-stoddart , says , 'it’s so important for [ the campaign ] to be part of the lives of every single woman in the uk ' . she added , ' our campaign represents sisterhood , it’s all about bringing the nation’s women together to join in the fight against breast cancer ' . since launching in the uk in 1996 , fashion targets breast cancer has raised over £13.5 million to support ground breaking breast cancer research . kate moss , naomi campbell , kylie minogue , elle macpherson and georgia may jagger are just some of the biggest names to get behind the fundraiser in previous years . the aim of campaign is to get women to ' wear their support ' by shopping the charity collections . ralph lauren launched the initiative in 1994 after loosing a close friend to breast cancer . with it , he sought to galvanise the world of fashion as a force to fight the disease . every year , fashion brands unite to release special clothing and accessory collections , the proceeds from which go towards helping breast cancer charities . kate moss , naomi campbell , kylie minogue , elle macpherson and georgia may jagger are just some of the biggest names to get behind the fundraiser in previous years . speaking about her appearance in this year 's campaign : abbey , who is mother to four-year-old daughter sophia with footballer husband peter crouch , said : ' as a mum , it makes me proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work towards ensuring the next generation of young women do not have be afraid of a diagnosis of breast cancer . ' i 'm wearing my support , and i want everyone across the uk to do the same and get behind this campaign . ' abbey clancy leads the glamour as she joins forces with her famous friends to target breast cancer , by striking a sultry pose in the first leg of the campaign . holding onto heaven singer foxes dons a stripy top and jeans and she says she 's ' honoured ' to be a part of the initiative . victoria 's secret angel lily donaldson , who has been in the industry for years , throws some model shapes . the campaign , which also stars alice dellal , has so far raised £13.5m for breakthrough breast cancer 's research funding .