' heartless ' : tykeran hamilton , 25 , has been jailed for 11 years . he killed cyclist alan knight in hit-and-run . an unlicensed driver fresh off a vodka and cocaine binge shouted ' watch this ' before killing a great-grandfather on his paper round in a hit-and-run . tykeran hamilton , 25 , who borrowed the rented black bmw 3 series and drove it around gloucester after spending a night drinking and taking drugs , has been jailed for 11 years . he spotted a friend waiting for a bus , leaned out of the window and shouted ' watch this ' before accelerating up to 70mph on a residential road at 7am . bristol crown court heard hamilton sped down the road and overtook cars ' recklessly ' - narrowly avoiding a central reservation and other traffic . moments later , he crashed into cyclist alan knight , 64 , who was crossing the road while on his morning paper round , then drove away at high speed . former factory worker mr knight , a father-of-four and grandfather-of-14 , died instantly from his injuries at the scene , on stroud road in gloucester . hamilton abandoned the car nearby then fled the city and denied any involvement in the tragedy , which happened on september 26 last year . his trial was due to start today but he admitted causing death by dangerous driving , driving without a license , driving without insurance and failing to stop after a road accident . judge graham cottle said hamilton ' could not have cared less ' about the safety of others on the road when he hit mr knight . ' in the early hours of the morning of september 26 mr knight was doing a paper round on his bicycle , ' the judge told hamilton . ' what had you been doing for the past 12 hours ? the evidence paints a picture of you spending a night drinking , taking cocaine . ' you were an uninsured driver , you were unlicensed . you went to a garage and as it happened you saw somebody nearby who you knew . ' you said `` watch this '' . the inference that can be drawn from that statement is that you attempted to show off to him what this car could do . ' you took off up the road at around 60-70mph . you were overtaking recklessly and just managed to avoid colliding with a central island . ' great-grandfather alan knight , 64 , had been out on his morning paper round when hamilton crashed into him . mr knight was killed instantly . his wife said : ' my life just is n't the same since he was taken from us ' . hamilton spotted mr knight starting to cross the road ahead and immediately began braking but could not stop , the court heard . ' you drove straight into mr knight , doubtless killing him instantly , ' the judge said . ' you left him in the road and you drove off at equally high speed . ' hamilton drove back to a friend 's house before running to see his girlfriend , who he asked to provide him with an alibi , then left gloucester . the court heard hamilton told friends ' i 've licked him , i 've licked him ' - street slang for ' i 've killed him ' . he was arrested on october 21 but insisted he was not involved , telling police he had been with his sister and girlfriend at the time . prosecuting , rupert lowe read a victim impact statement from mr knight 's wife , linda . mr knight was struck on stroud road , gloucester ( pictured ) on the morning of september 26 last year . ' my life just is n't the same since he was taken from us by such a show-off person like you , mr hamilton , ' it said . ' alan was a great husband , father and grandfather . we did n't want for anything . if we needed the moon he would get us the stars as well . ' mr knight started doing paper rounds on his bike four years before the accident and did it as a hobby to keep fit . his daughter victoria told hamilton in court : ' i will never forgive you for what you did that day and i hate you for it . you are heartless . ' the judge sentenced hamilton for 10 years for causing death by dangerous driving , driving without insurance , driving without a license and failing to stop . he imposed a separate sentence of 12 months , to run after the first sentence , for five drugs charges relating to possession with intent to supply class b drugs . hamilton had been on license for the charges at the time he killed mr knight . representing hamilton , of moor street , gloucester , joe maloney , said : ' he is an immature man . he panicked , drove off and did all the wrong things . ' mr maloney said his client had previously worked as a landscape gardener but applied for disability living allowance after being stabbed in the leg .