the lightning-fast greens at augusta national can be a daunting prospect for many first-timers at the masters . not so for sheffield’s danny willett . the 27-year-old finished one-under but it was his monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th that he was tweeting about afterwards . england 's danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta on thursday . his brother p j willett , at home doing some diy on light switches , also tweeted : ‘ bro @ willett1987 shot under par in 1st round of # masters2015 debut . i swapped some switches . who’s living the dream ? ’ willett admitted it was a dream come true to mark his masters debut with an eagle and an opening round of 71 at augusta national . willett holed a curling 60-foot putt on the par-five 13th , an achievement which is traditionally rewarded with a pair of crystal glasses . ' it 's the kind of thing you dream of when you 're a kid , boxing a long one across the green , ' said willett , who had been unhappy with his approach to the green . ' anywhere on that green you know it 's going to be a stupidly breaking putt , but the ball is up somewhere near your kneecaps when you are hitting the second shot so it 's always hard to hit a fade into a back right flag . ' it had 18 feet of break , it comes almost backwards . ' willett , who qualified by being in the world 's top 50 at the end of last season following his victory in the nedbank challenge , was in the second group out at 7.56am . willett felt he benefited from ideal conditions as the 27-year-old was in the second group out at 7.56am . and the 27-year-old felt he benefited from ideal conditions and the experience of playing with 1987 masters champion larry mize , as well as amateur byron meth . ' it really helped playing with larry , ' willett added . ' he won it in 1987 which is the year i was born so we were having a bit of a joke down the first . he was brilliant all day and kept trying to egg me and byron on . he helped settle the nerves quite quickly . ' the first tee was awesome and second off there were already 20 or 30,000 people round the golf course . every shot you hit and every tee you walked on you 're getting clapped on to . it was really special . ' i feel like i should be here but you 're not trying to put too much pressure on yourself . to be here for all four days first time out would be nice , it 's one of those courses where the more you play it the better your chances are of getting it round . for a first time out we did pretty good . ' 