jessica ennis-hill has begun communication with the iaaf in the aim of being rewarded with world championship gold from 2011 after champion tatyana chernova was exposed as a drug cheat . in january chernova was found to have provided a positive sample for a prohibited steroid at the 2009 world championships . the russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 august 2009 to 14 august 2011 – just 16 days before she beat ennis by 129 points in the heptathlon in daegu , south korea . tatyana chernova ( left ) failed a drugs test two years before beating jessica ennis-hill in south korea in 2011 . ennis-hill believes it is unfair that chernova was banned but allowed to keep her world title . ennis-hil has written to the iaaf to ask shy chernova has been allowed to keep her world title . ennis-hill , then the defending world champion , had to settle for silver . the following year the brit took gold in memorable scenes at london 2012 , with chernova third . chernova 's ban is due to expire on june 21 – in time for this year’s world championships in beijing in august and , of course , the 2016 olympics in rio . ‘ obviously i 'm not happy about how the ban has been handled , ’ said ennis-hill . ‘ i can’t really understand it myself . i 've spoken to british athletics and the iaaf and i am putting my faith to look into it a bit more . ‘ i ca n't understand how that is fair . it 's so frustrating – although frustration is n't a strong enough word , because you train hard for all those years and then people do things like that . it does n't seem like she has served a ban . ‘ i think we need to be strict and if you are cheating , you 're out . i do n't think you should be allowed to come back and keep your medals . it does n't seem fair . ’ research carried out by the university of oslo in october 2013 established that muscles can retain the advantages given by anabolic steroids for years , even decades after the moment at which they were taken . ennis-hill suggested she may have suspected chernova but could not have allowed herself to think about anything other than her competition . ‘ you might think things but you ca n't really say anything , you just get on with what you are doing and you ca n't cast aspersions until something comes out , really , ’ she said . ‘ that was a really funny competition for me because it was the year before the olympics and i felt really ready . ‘ i just thought i could win the gold medal , and i came away with a silver . so i was disappointed . i was thinking , “ is this how it will go into the olympics ? ” ‘ it gave me that extra push in a way , having that silver . but at the same time i could have been double world champion . it’s a weird one . but i definitely want that medal . we’ve had communications with the iaaf just to see how that ban works . ’ ennis-hill praised the work done to uncover transgressions , such as the german documentary about institutionalised doping in russia . but admitted it left a ‘dampener’ on the sport . earlier this year russia 's athletics head coach valentin maslakov resigned after a number of athletes from the country were found guilty of committing doping offences . chernova celebrates the gold medal she took ahead of ennis-hill a year before the london olympic games . ennis hill ( right ) says the silver made her more determined to take gold at the olympics , which she did . ennis-hill also criticised nike 's choice to sponsor two-time drugs cheat justin gatlin . ‘ hopefully things are being done about it and it won’t keep progressing on to years down the line , ’ she added . ennis-hill also criticised nike’s decision to award two-time drugs cheat justin gatlin a new sponsorship deal . ‘ again , frustrating more than anything , ’ she said . ‘ you see people cheating and they are rewarded for it down the line . i just don’t think it’s fair . at the same time you don’t want to get too wrapped up in it because i can’t control what sponsors do with athletes . but it’s hard to read stories like that . ’ jessica ennis trains in the adidas climachill apparel range designed with advanced fabric for maximum cooling , and the adidas ultra boost trainers . both available at www.adidas.co.uk .