a massachusetts man was arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials . joseph t. brennan jr. of norwell tried to hide from the cameras as he was arraigned from his hospital bed on monday , pleading not guilty to possession of an infernal device . this after authorities searched the residences following an incident on saturday night in which brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette and police discovered ' various bomb-making components . ' scroll down for video . joseph t. brennan jr. ( above ) of norwell , massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials . police searched the home after an incident saturday night where brennan blew up his car ( above ) while smoking a cigarette near gun powder . 'i’m an idiot . i lit a cigarette with the gunpowder in the front seat , ' brennan said in the police report according to the boston herald . the blast left the man with minor injuries and he was admitted to brigham and women’s hospital in boston . brennan , with singed eyebrows and bandaged hands , said he did not want to be on `` tv '' as he was being arraigned monday afternoon , trying to hide his face and singed eyebrows with a towel . in addition to brennan 's home in norwell , the condo of benjamin young in hingham was also found to be full of bomb-making devices . police have not revealed at this time the relationship between the two men . hazardous materials team responded to both locations and were able to remove and safely detonate some of the materials . authorities do not believe the two men had any ties to terrorism . brennan , who called himself an ' idiot ' after blowing up his car , was arraigned from his hospital bed on monday . police searched the car saturday night and seized 14 different substances . just last month , brennan posted a video to his facebook page that showed what he claimed was rocket propellant being used to melt snow . he wrote ; ' when people say it 's not rocket science i get disappointed here 's a variation of solid rocket propellant used in the retired space shuttles solid rocket boosters i think i 'm in the wrong profession . ' a witness to saturday 's car accident told police they heard a loud explosion and saw brennan laying on the road as his car rolled towards a guardrail . brennan then got up and gathered some materials and put them in his trunk according to the witness . police searched the vehicle after noticing how burned brennan was , and according to the police report he told officers on the scene when they found the materials ; ' i got them from a friend to fu*k around with . i wasn’t going to do anything malicious . ' abc 5 reports that among the substances found in the car were potassium permanganate , hydrogen peroxide and acetone and containers full of sodium chlorate , picric acid and sulfur . brennan , 36 , will be charged with possession of a destructive device , and one part possession of components capable of making a component device , while young , 27 , is facing charges for being in possession of illegal possession of bomb-making materials . no members of the public were ever in danger according to police and it does not appear that these materials were intended to be used to hurt any individuals .