stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior . a mayor has been sacked from his job at the council after he was given paid leave to attend a funeral - but visited a warship instead . stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior . photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the famous battle ship , 323 miles from his patch . following a disciplinary hearing the mayor of hartlepool was dismissed from his care manager role with newcastle city council for gross misconduct . akers-belcher claims he has actually been sacked for whistle blowing after he made a series of allegations involving the authority 's protection of vulnerable adults . but the authority denied that was the case and said the allegations were investigated by the council and police but no further action was taken . a spokesman for newcastle city council said : ' stephen akers-belcher 's allegations were treated with the utmost seriousness . ' we contacted the police and called in an independent expert to investigate his claims . ' the police investigated and took no action , and following a comprehensive investigation , the council is satisfied that the level of service it provides is very good . ' stephen akers-belcher was dismissed after he took time off work to attend a funeral when in fact he was attending an official function in his capacity as mayor of hartlepool . ' when we asked him to provide evidence to show that he was at a funeral he failed to do so and subsequently failed to provide any evidence to the employment tribunal . ' he was not dismissed because of whistle blowing , and his first allegations were made after the council started its investigation into his conduct . ' sufficient information to investigate the allegations was only provided by him three months later - after he was dismissed for gross misconduct . ' it is not the case that he was dismissed for whistle blowing . ' the mayor claimed to be at a funeral on thursday , january 16 of last year , but was actually photographed on board hms warrior . historic warship hms warrior was 323 miles away from where akers-belcher his job in newcastle . he visited the boat , which was previously restored in hartlepool , 323 miles away in portsmouth . the visit was subsequently reported by the local paper , the hartlepool mail , and the councillor claimed he had been there to learn about how to promote regeneration and tourism in hartlepool . akers-belcher has now declined to comment on his attendance at the meeting and the portsmouth visit other than to repeat that he had ' done nothing wrong ' . 