james ward ( pictured ) was left with a severed finger and wounds all over of his body after being attacked at his home by axe-wielding intruders . a father-of-six who was attacked with an axe lost a finger in the incident which left him needing 38 staples to seal wounds all over his body . james ward , 31 , of burnley , lancashire , also had several other fingers partially severed and surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head , legs , and back . they managed to reattach his left index finger . mr ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return to his home and see his children because he fears his attackers will kill him if he does . he said : ' i 'm too scared to go back . i think they thought the job was done . i have done things in the past but nothing to warrant this attack . ' he was painting his kitchen just after midnight when he heard a noise at the front of the house . ' i ran towards the front door and turned to talk to my four friends who were there when the door went through , ' he said . ' i was hit in the back with an axe . ' all the others ran upstairs . after they cut my finger off there was a lot of blood so i think panic set in . ' as mr ward put his hands up to protect himself , his left index finger was chopped off , while several others were also partially severed . the pair then struck him repeatedly on his arms , head , legs , and back . mr ward said : ' i 'm only a few stone wet through and they could have beaten me up with just their hands . i was on the floor when they hit me in the head with the axe . ' and if the axe had been sharp instead of blunt , they would have chopped my arm off . ' ' i do n't know why they stopped . they said if i went to the police they would kill me . ' i have done things in the past but nothing to warrant this attack . ' mr ward is pictured shortly after the attack - he needed 38 staples to seal the wounds all over his body . the frenzy was finally over when mr ward dragged himself to safety under a kitchen counter . he stumbled outside and was spotted by a neighbour , who called the emergency services . mr ward said : ' i was woozy because i had lost a lot of blood . my neighbour asked if i was all right and i was saying , ' i ca n't find my finger . ' he was taken to royal blackburn hospital before being transferred to preston , where he was kept for treatment and his own safety until his family could fetch him and take him to his hometown of manchester , where he is now recovering from the ordeal . he said : ' i 'm having to get my mum to help me wash . i feel like a child again . ' i feel like crying all the time and i ca n't go out on my own . i 'm too scared to go and see my own children . ' i ca n't get it out my head . i ca n't sleep at night and i do n't know what to do . ' detectives investigating the attack on saturday , april 4 , are urging anybody with information to come forward as the search for the bloodied weapons continues . mr ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return home because he fears his attackers will kill him . mr ward said : ' near to my house is spare ground , a lot of woodland and the canal so they might have thrown them in there . ' det sgt alisa wilson said : ' this was a horrific attack on a young man in his own home . ' i am appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the offence , the aftermath or has any information in connection with it to make contact . ' despite charges being brought against one man , the investigation is continuing and i am appealing for witnesses to come forward . ' a 23-year-old man appeared before magistrates in burnley yesterday charged with aggravated burglary and grievous bodily harm . he was remanded in custody and will make his next appearance at burnley crown court at 9.30am on thursday , may 7 . a 22-year-old man was also arrested and was released on bail pending further enquiries . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .