for those who ca n't get enough of starbuck 's frappucinos , they will have s'more opportunities to guzzle some down-and they may want to camp out in front of the store . for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28 . cnn reports that bottles of the flavor have been on sale in grocery stores since last month . s'more fun for summer : for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28 . camping favorite : starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the ' the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores . ' starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the ' the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores . ' the drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream , milk chocolate sauce , graham crackers , coffee , milk and ice . the beverage is then topped off with the same marshmallow whipped cream and graham cracker crumbs . once the drink was announced starbucks lovers took to twitter to express their opinion of the drink which was almost unanimously positive . ' the starbucks lady just told me that coming soon is a smores frap this one is will have marshmallow cream & grahm crackers ! whoop whoop , ' tweeted brooke hierholzer or ‏ @ b_hierholzer . ' still amazed that starbucks has a smores frappuccino that tastes exactly like a smores poptart , ' tweeted mr. magoo ‏or @ mister_n0mad . in recent months , the seattle espresso giant introduced kale smoothies , birthday cake-flavored frappuccinos , and previously a chestnut praline latte during the holiday season . also , a favorite among starbucks patrons , the pumpkin spice latte was introduced earlier than ever this year . excitement : ' the starbucks lady just told me that coming soon is a smores frap this one is will have marshmallow cream & grahm crackers ! whoop whoop , ' tweeted brooke hierholzer . amazement : once the drink was announced starbucks lovers took to twitter to express their opinion of the drink which was almost unanimously positive .