these adorable abandoned badger cubs have been nursed back to health by a kind-hearted animal lover on a diet of custard creams . the orphaned youngsters - one of which escaped death after being carried away in a jack russell 's mouth - are doing better than ever after they were taken in by retired farmer pauline kidner . nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced into their diet slowly to see whether the cubs were ready for food . scroll down for video . the orphaned youngsters - one of which escaped death after being carried by a dog - are doing better . nursed originally on milk , custard creams were introduced to see whether the cubs were ready for food . ' they were very very tiny , we start them off giving them milk with a teat on syringe , ' pauline said . the first of the badger cubs , named little star , was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at the secret world centre , but pauline , who runs charity secret world , says they 're growing at an astonishing rate . the 65-year-old , from somerset , said : ' when they came in eight weeks ago they were 80g , now they 're 1.1kg , you can almost see them growing . ' ' they were very very tiny , we start them off giving them milk with a teat on syringe , we ca n't risk any getting in their lungs , but they 're now on normal bottles . ' little star came from derbyshire , she was brought into someone 's kitchen by their jack russell dog , it was very lucky he did n't hurt her , she 'd been born two days earlier ; her umbilical was still attached . ' the dog brought another one in , but sadly that one had been shaken , so unfortunately it died within 24 hours . pauline explained to have two badger cubs picked up by dogs in a short space of time is unusual . ' one cub a year is brought in when dogs get down in the set , ' she said . the dog brought another one in , but sadly that one had been shaken , so it died within 24 hours . the first of the badger cubs , named little star , was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at centre . jack russels have an instinct for digging and going down holes and are traditionally used in badger baiting . however , there is no reason to suspect the illegal blood-sport was to blame for the death of this cub . ' then we had another called vogue come up from cornwall , we called her that because was picked up in the village vogue near redruth , ' pauline said . ' then lastly the third came in three weeks ago , that one 's from near cheddar in somerset , we called him scrumpy , because of the cider context . when they came in eight weeks ago they were 80g - carers have watched them grow to 1.1kg . they 're 12 to 16 weeks once they wean , then they might be moved on to solids by the carers . ' we 've been keeping scrumpy separate as he 's older than the two girls . once they start to mouth things , they start playing with each other , pulling ears , scrumpy can get a bit rough though . ' ' they 're still on bottles now , we 've started putting in custard creams to see if they 're interested , then we might move them on to solids . ' they 're in the cubby hole in my kitchen now . ' the aim is to release the animals back into the wild once they 're strong enough . they 're all vaccinated against bovine tb , before they reduce human contact . pauline said : ' we 'll add another two to the group , we 'll keep them together before release in autumn . ' when they 're 12 to 16 weeks once they wean , they go down to the millie block , which is a separate building . ' after that they turn nocturnal , we feed them at night , then it 's on to glassed enclosures when we just throw the food over to them and get them to revert to wild . ' ' sadly if we ca n't release them , we do have to put them to sleep , which is why we reduce human contact like that . ' after they move to their nocturnal sleep rhythm they will be put in glass enclosures and then released .