apple 's watch hits stores this friday when customers and employees alike will be able to pre-order the timepiece . and boss tim cook is rewarding his staff by offering them a 50 per cent discount on the device . any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched - including the us , uk , australia , canada , china , france , germany , hong kong and japan - will be eligible . scroll down for video . any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched - including the us , uk , australia , canada , china , france , germany , hong kong and japan - will be eligible for a 50 % discount on the standard model ( centre ) and the sport model ( left ) . it does not apply to the edition model ( right ) . the plans were in a memo leaked to apple fansite 9to5mac in which mr cook wrote : ' i know that many of you have been looking forward to choosing an apple watch for yourselves , and we want to make it easy for you . ' starting friday a special employee purchase plan will offer a 50 % discount on any apple watch or apple watch sport for your personal use . ' notably , the discount does n't apply to the expensive edition model , which starts at $ 10,000 in the us and £8,000 in the uk . mr cook continued that as the watch is introduced in more countries , this price plan will be extended . prices for the sport model start at $ 349 in the us and £299 in the uk , while the stainless steel watch starts at $ 549 ( £479 ) . apple 's watch goes on display around the world on 10 april and people can pre-order it at 12.01 pacific time ( 8am bst ) on this day . the watch will then go on general sale on 24 april in the us , uk , australia , canada , china , france , germany , hong kong and japan . earlier this week , apple released the first four guided tour videos of its watch , and said more are ' coming soon . ' these videos ( pictured ) include an introduction to the main features , plus how to use the messages app , customise the face , and use digital touch . this means us employees will only pay $ 174.50 and $ 274 respectively , while in the uk the price drops to £149.50 and £239.50 . like many firms , apple staff already reportedly receive a discount across the product range and this is said to be around 30 per cent . according piper jaffray senior analyst gene munster , apple will sell a million watches in its first weekend on sale , three times the first-day sales of apple 's last all-new product , the ipad . it would put the apple watch behind apple 's first ipad , which sold 3 million in its first weekend in 2010 , but ahead of the first iphone , which sold 700,000 units when it debuted in 2007 . however , it would be a fraction of the 10 million iphone 6 and 6 pluses sold in the same timespan . the half-price watch discounts apply from friday and will last for 90 days . it is not clear whether employees can buy multiple watches under the scheme and apple has refused to comment . mr cook added : ' congratulations to everyone who has worked to help this product reach our customers . ' and thanks in advance to the thousands of retail employees around the world who will start placing it on people 's wrists starting friday . ' although going on display in stores this weekend , the apple watch wo n't go on sale generally until the 24 april . although it could be seen as a way to boost sales , ernest doku telecoms expert at uswitch.com , told mailonline the plans will benefit customers : ' apple knows it 's wading into unchartered territory with a costly , and as yet unproven , device . ' what better way to instill the idea the watch is a must-have accessory than offer deep discounts for its biggest evangelists ? the videos also give an overview of how to see more options by pressing the screen . these options change depending on the app being used . for instance , when working out , it lets a wearer stop the workout . the left-hand image shows how the digital crown can be used to select from a list of emoticons . the right-hand image shows the crown being used to select contacts after the button on the side has been pressed . ' it means those on the front line have actual experience they can draw on when making sales , and a stronger narrative for prospective buyers . ' according piper jaffray senior analyst gene munster , apple is expected to sell a million watches in its first weekend on sale , three times the first-day sales of apple 's last all-new product , the ipad . it would put the apple watch behind apple 's first ipad , which sold 3 million in its first weekend in 2010 , but ahead of the first iphone , which sold 700,000 units when it debuted in 2007 . however , it would be a fraction of the 10 million iphone 6 and 6 pluses sold in the same timespan . earlier this week , apple released the first four guided tour videos of its watch , and said more are ' coming soon . ' 