it 's a skill more often seen performed by us navy squadron the blue angels or the british red arrows . but in this incredible video , one passenger captured the moment two passenger aircraft landed perfectly in sync at san francisco international airport . as the two planes exit the cloud and approach the runway , this quick-witted passenger realised his seat was the perfect spot to video the respective landings . the two planes begin their descent simultaneously at san francisco airport . in astonishing video captured by a passenger on one of the planes , both aircrafts ' wheels touch the tarmac at the same time . what resulted was the planes , one an american airlines , landing at the same time on adjacent runways . as well as the two measuring their approach almost identically , the wheels touch the tarmac simultaneously . richard toomer , from the british airline pilots association ( balpa ) , told mailonline travel : ' what we’re seeing here is ‘ closely spaced parallel runway operations’ in practice – a safe and normal procedure at airports around the world . ' san francisco has two pairs of parallel runways , separated by just 750 feet . other airports such as atlanta and sydney have similar runway configurations and operations . the two planes come through the clouds to begin their similar descent to the ground . ' although pilots are used to this type of approach , it does result in a very interesting view out of the window for passengers . ' plane landings are seen by many as a work of art in themselves for many tourists and enthusiasts alike . probably the most famous , and incredible , is the landings of passenger planes on the caribbean island of saint martin . on board it was silent , which helped the person videoing maintain their concentration to film the scene . approaching princess juliana international airport , aircraft come astonishingly close to those relaxing on maho beach that makes for terrific footage . maho beach is located on the dutch side of the caribbean island of saint martin , in the territory of sint maarten . aircraft are forced to land so close to the beach so as to touch down near the start of the short runway 10 , which is 2,300 metres in length . as a result the area is popular with plane spotters and many of the surrounding bars and restaurants on the beach display airline departure and arrival timetables . the plane landings at saint martin 's princess juliana international airport have become legendary worldwide .   