ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for burnley 's home clash with tottenham ... burnley vs tottenham hotspur ( turf moor ) . team news . burnley . burnley defender stephen ward should be back in contention for sunday 's barclays premier league clash against tottenham after overcoming an ankle injury . midfielder matt taylor , who has not featured since august , is also nearing a return after resuming training following his recovery from achilles surgery . stepehn ward ( left ) tries to deny arsenal 's alex oxlade-chamberlain possession of the ball along with team-mate jason shackell earlier this season . the clarets have no fresh injury concerns following the international break but dean marney and kevin long ( both cruciate ligament ) remain on the long-term absentee list . provisional squad : heaton , gilks , mee , duff , shackell , keane , reid , ward , trippier , barnes , wallace , arfield , jones , boyd , kightly , vokes , jutkiewicz , ings , sordell . tottenham . tottenham goalkeeper hugo lloris will miss sunday 's barclays premier league match at burnley because of a knee injury . full-back danny rose will be assessed after returning early from an england call-up with hamstring and hip issues . hugo lloris picked up a knee injury in tottenham 's 4-3 victory over leicester before the international break . forward roberto soldado ( knee ) is another concern . provisional squad : vorm , dier , rose , vertonghen , walker , mason , townsend , eriksen , bentaleb , chadli , kane , friedel , chiriches , adebayor , lamela , davies , dembele , paulinho . kick-off : sunday , 1.30pm - sky sports 1 . odds ( subject to change ) : burnley 12/5 . draw 23/10 . tottenham 23/20 . referee : martin atkinson . managers : sean dyche ( burnley ) , mauricio pochettino ( tottenham ) . head-to-head league record : burnley wins 35 , draws 22 , tottenham wins 34 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . the clarets have scored just 14 goals in 15 premier league home games this season . spurs have kept just one clean sheet in their last 13 premier league away matches . this will be the fourth meeting between these two sides this season after spurs won their home league fixture and also won at home in the replay after a draw at turf moor in the fa cup . burnley have only won six of their last 28 premier league home matches ( w6 d10 l12 ) , but spurs were one of their victims in a 4-2 win in may 2010 . tottenham haven’t lost back to back premier league away games since march 2014 . tottenham and burnley have already clashed at turf moor this season , with the clubs drawing 1-1 in the fa cup . here nacer chadli of spurs ( left ) tries to dodge a challenge from dean marney . burnley have been losing at half-time in 14 of their 30 premier league games this season ; more often than any other team . harry kane’s 19 premier league goals this season have won spurs 22 points – nine more than any other player in the pl has won for their side this season . spurs have conceded seven premier league penalties this season ; more than any other side . the clarets have conceded a league-high 17 headed goals in the premier league this season . george boyd has run a league-high 338.8kms in the premier league this season , with christian eriksen just behind on 338.2kms .