the leader of kazakhstan has apologised after winning the presidential election with 97 per cent of the vote saying it would have been ' undemocratic ' for him to make his victory more modest . nursultan nazarbayev , a 74-year-old former steel worker who has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989 , has won another five year term . kazakh television showed a triumphant nazarbayev walking on a red carpet , smiling and shaking hands and greeting thousands of jubilant supporters at a forum in the capital astana . nursultan nazarbayev , who has been re-elected as president of kazakhstan after winning 97 per cent of the vote . but international monitors have voiced their concern about the poll saying there was not a genuine choice of other candidates with most of his vocal opponents either being jailed or fled abroad . however , at a news conference , nazarbayev said : ' i apologise that for super-democratic states such figures are unacceptable . but i could do nothing . ' if i had interfered , i would have looked undemocratic , right ? ' the election was called more than a year before nazarbayev 's term was due to end , averting the risk that another year of economic pain could develop into a more serious challenge to his leadership . it also puts the question of a possible successor , an important issue for investors , off the table for now . kazakhstan has been criticised by the west and human rights bodies for crackdowns on dissent . no election held there has yet been given a clean bill of health by monitors . however , russian president vladimir putin and chinese president xi jinping promptly congratulated nazarbayev on his re-election . nazarbayev told a news conference after his victory that if he had interfered in the vote , it would have been undemocratic . meanwhile nazarbayev has promoted market reforms in the country and attracted $ 200 billion in foreign direct investment , turning his nation of 17 million into the second-largest economy in the former soviet union and number two post-soviet oil producer after russia . the multi-ethnic , mainly muslim country is stable in a region troubled by ethnic violence from kyrgyzstan to afghanistan . nazarbayev has promoted ' a multi-vector policy ' , building good ties with neighbouring russia and china as well as the united states and the european union . but the economy has been hurt in the past year by the decline in global energy prices and by economic difficulty in neighbouring russia , hit by western sanctions over ukraine . kazakh economic growth is forecast to slow to 1.5 percent this year from a 4.3 percent rise in 2014 . gross domestic product may actually shrink if oil prices drop to below $ 50 per barrel , kazakh officials have said . 