the archbishop of canterbury ( above ) yesterday called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists - days after an attack in kenya killed 150 people . the archbishop of canterbury yesterday called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists . in the wake of the slaughter of christian students in kenya and the barbarity of islamic state militants , the most reverend justin welby said the dead were ‘martyrs’ . delivering his easter sermon in canterbury cathedral , he said : ‘ christians must resist without violence the persecution they suffer and support persecuted communities , with love and goodness and generosity . ’ dr welby told his congregation that the killing of christians over the past year had been a ‘wicked’ development . ‘ to witness is to be a martyr , ’ he said . ‘ i am told by the coptic bishop in england that the coptic christians murdered in libya last month died proclaiming that jesus christ is lord . they are martyrs , a word that means both one that dies for their faith and one that witnesses to faith . ‘ there have been so many martyrs in the last year . on maundy thursday , three days ago , around 150 kenyans were killed because of being christian . they are witnesses , unwilling , unjustly , wickedly , and they are martyrs in both senses of the word . ’ the archbishop said their christian faith meant the martyrs would defeat evil despite ‘ their cruel deaths , the brutality of their persecution’ . dr welby’s praise of martyrdom was made as pope francis called for governments to intervene in syria and iraq . in his easter address in the vatican city’s st peter’s square , the pope said : ‘ may the international community not stand by before the immense humanitarian tragedy unfolding in these countries and the drama of the numerous refugees . ’ pope francis also spoke of the suffering of the victims persecuted for being christian . he said that christians ‘ do not need to employ violence ; they speak and act with the power of truth , beauty and love’ . a priest similarly conducts an easter sunday service at the catholic church in garissa , kenya , where the attack happened . officers from the kenya defence forces and the kenya red cross place an injured woman on a nairobi-bound plane for specialised treatment . some of the garissa university students who were rescued comfort each other at the nearby military camp . he added : ‘ we ask jesus to lighten the sufferings of our many brothers and sisters who are persecuted for his name , and of all those who suffer injustice as a result of ongoing conflicts and violence . ‘ we ask for peace , above all , for syria and iraq , that the roar of arms may cease and that peaceful relations may be restored among the various groups which make up those beloved countries . ’ pope francis told the thousands gathered in the square for the easter mass that he prayed ‘ that the present absurd bloodshed and all barbarous acts of violence may cease’ . the pope said he also prayed for peace in libya and the middle east . a general view of the garissa catholic church , which has remained closed after an attack by gunmen on thursday at a university campus . kenya’s special forces took seven hours to arrive at the scene of the massacre at garissa university , it emerged yesterday . the assault by somali-based al shabaab militants , which killed nearly 150 christians , was kenya’s deadliest terror attack since the 1998 bombing of the us embassy . yet troops from the country’s elite recce company did not arrive at the campus until 2pm – seven hours after thursday’s dawn attack was launched . reporters based in nairobi , who drove 225 miles to garissa after hearing the first reports of the attack , arrived before the special forces flew in . it also emerged yesterday that one of the islamist gunmen responsible for the massacre was the missing son of a senior government official . he was identified as law graduate abdirahim mohammed abdullahi , son of a kenyan regional government official in mandera county .