gordon brown has warned that the scottish nationalists want an snp vote in the general election to force a second referendum on independence . the former prime minister said that snp leader nicola sturgeon 's answers on the issue are ' all evasion ' . but that her party want ' chaos and constitutional crisis ' at westminster to force another independence referendum . scroll down for video . gordon brown , pictured campaigning this week , has warned that the snp want to use the chaos after the election to force another referendum on scottish independence and urged ' patriotic scots ' to vote labour . and he warned that those casting their vote on may 7 will be deciding the future of scotland for the next few years . mr brown was speaking during a joint event with local labour candidate and shadow foreign secretary douglas alexander at elderslie village hall in renfrewshire . he said : ' there is an snp candidate in this constituency . she says vote snp , get snp mps at westminster and we will twist their arms and get another referendum . ' remember what the snp used to say - the referendum was once in a generation , then it changed a little to once in a lifetime , then it was once every 15 years and now when you ask ms sturgeon about this her answers are all evasion . she can not give a straight answer to the question . ' but does not the snp candidate in this constituency tell the truth , that what they want is an snp vote not to deliver social justice but to deliver the chaos and constitutional crisis at westminster to as she said force a second referendum . ' and i say i do n't want the divisiveness , i do n't want the bitterness , i do n't want the acrimony , i do n't want the divisions between families and communities in the next few months that we had in the past few months . ' the former prime minister said that snp leader nicola sturgeon 's answers on the issue are ' all evasion ' . mr brown urged people to vote labour to end the bedroom tax , food bank poverty , zero-hours contracts and the neglect of the nhs . he added : ' when you vote on may 7 remember that you are not just voting to end tory austerity and the possibility of five more years of the bedroom tax and everything else , you 're also voting on whether you are going to allow the snp to use your vote to try to force a second referendum on this country within a few months or after the 2016 scottish parliament elections . ' he also said that labour will hold an economic summit immediately after the general election to boost jobs , expand city deals , encourage investment and provide jobs and training for young people . mr brown also urged people to be ' proud patriotic scots ' and back labour 's plan for full employment in scotland . he said : ' patriotism means , yes , supporting a strong scottish parliament , but it does n't mean rejecting the co-operation across the whole country that can deliver us full employment and more jobs . ' it does n't mean rejecting the money that comes from the bankers ' bonus tax that will allow scottish young people to have jobs in the future . ' it does n't mean rejecting the co-operation on research and innovation that will replace the linwoods of the past and the lost jobs of the present with the new high-quality jobs of the future . ' and , yes , patriotism means a strong scottish parliament but it does n't need or require us to reject the partnership that allows us to fund the pensions of this country , sharing the resources of 60 million people across the whole country , far better than pooling the resources of only five million people , to secure the best pensions imaginable . ' snp leader nicola sturgeon joins female activists in glasgow 's buchanan street to launch the party 's womens pledge today . scotland 's deputy first minister john swinney said : ' while gordon brown appears to be re-fighting last year 's referendum , the snp are out talking to voters about next month 's general election and the huge opportunity to make scotland stronger at westminster . the contrast could not be clearer . ' unfortunately for labour brown 's speech this morning simply reminds people once again of how labour stood shoulder to shoulder with the tories for two and a half years to talk scotland down . ' the question labour 's current leadership have repeatedly failed to answer is if there are more anti-tory mps - between the snp and labour - than there are tory mps , will they work with us to lock the tories out and to deliver better policies for people not just in scotland but across the rest of the uk . ' a strong team of snp mps can give labour the backbone to oppose further cuts and pursue a progressive alternative to austerity . ' from left , anas sarwar mp , former prime minister gordon brown and former leader of the scottish labour party johann lamont attend the scottish labour campaign launch to keep scotland part of the uk in 2013 . 