the kansas city royals and chicago white sox each lost saturday without playing a game . four members of the royals and three from the white sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl and six of the players drew suspensions . major league baseball placed the blame for the fighting squarely on both teams . royals pitcher yordano ventura was handed a seven-game suspension , fellow starter edinson volquez given five games and outfielder lorenzo cain and reliever kelvin herrera got two games apiece . white sox pitchers chris sale and jeff samardzija were suspended five games each , while catcher tyler flowers escaped suspension but joined the others in getting an undisclosed fine . mass brawl : chicago white sox 's jeff samardzija ( center ) in the brawl with kansas city royals players during the seventh inning of thursday 's game . smardzija and five others have been suspended as a result . all-in : each player ran onto the field for the brawl where there was pushing , shoving and a few punches . several punches were thrown and kansas city 's ventura , lorenzo cain and edinson volquez were ejected along with chicago 's chris sale and jeff samardzija ( pictured going down ) . the royals have not said whether they plan to appeal their punishments , which would begin with sunday 's series finale because of a rainout saturday . sale and samardzija plan to appeal . ' i think everybody had some elements of their behavior over the course of that incident on both sides that they wish they handled differently , ' white sox general manager rick hahn said during a conference call saturday . ' respect the fact that our players stood up and took responsibility for their actions and expressed remorse over those things they wish had been handled better . ' it is something that happens from time to time , ' hahn added . ' it 's part of the game . ' it 's a costly part of the game , though . along with the suspensions , hahn said reliever matt albers fractured a finger on his throwing hand in the melee and will go on the disabled list . meanwhile , herrera is already awaiting an appeal on a five-game suspension that was handed down after he threw a pitch behind oakland third baseman brett lawrie during a series last weekend . ventura was fined for hitting lawrie with a 99 mph fastball during the same series . ' we understand that major league baseball has to do what they think is fair in situations like this , ' royals manager ned yost said in a team statement . ' now , we just have to wait for the appeals process to play out . ' suspended : royals pitcher yordano ventura ( left ) was handed a seven-game suspension , fellow starter edinson volquez ( right ) given five games . punished : both outfielder lorenzo cain ( left ) and reliever kelvin herrera ( right ) were suspended for two games . white sox : white sox pitchers chris sale ( left ) and jeff samardzija ( right ) were suspended five games each . tensions between the royals and white sox had been building since the opening series of the season , when the teams combined to hit six batters . two more were plunked early thursday night when ventura hit jose abreu in the fourth inning and sale hit mike moustakas in the fifth . the simmering anger finally boiled over in the seventh , when ventura snagged a grounder from chicago outfielder adam eaton and the two exchanged words before eaton was thrown out at first . eaton had to be restrained from ventura , who was ejected from his second straight start . ' it was a messy situation , ' ventura said through a translator . players from both dugouts and bullpens then ran onto the field . volquez whiffed throwing a haymaker , and several other players threw punches in a fight that lasted several minutes . ' there are real negative repercussions of this , ' hahn said . ' after he was thrown from the game , sale went to the royals clubhouse and was seen pounding on the door . while nothing more transpired , hahn said he spoke to his star pitcher about it friday . ' it was a private conversation , ' hahn said . ' we certainly understand where chris was coming from in terms of the emotion involved in the moment and what he was hoping to accomplish , and at the same time realizing that perhaps there was a better way to handle these things going forward . ' five players ultimately were ejected from thursday night 's game , which the royals won in 13 innings . among them was cain , who has been hit by pitches four times this season . moustakas and teammate alex gordon have been hit an al-leading five times apiece , and the royals have been hit 17 times as a team - tied with texas for the league lead entering the day . umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight after the seventh inning of thursday 's game at chicago 's u.s. cellular field , illinois . ' this game 's emotional and it seems to follow them around , ' said white sox manager robin ventura , who famously charged the mound and was pummeled by the rangers ' nolan ryan during a game in 1993 . ' everybody gets emotional and reacts to things and that 's what happened . ' the royals are starting to earn a fighting reputation . along with their two series with the white sox and a tense three-game set in oakland , ventura got into a heated argument with angels slugger mike trout during a series in los angeles . while acknowledging that the royals must do a better job of containing their emotions , yost insisted that his club has rarely been the instigator in a string of testy situations . ' hopefully it 's all behind us , ' he said thursday night , ' and we can move forward . ' the teams played eight innings friday night without incident , but the rest of the game was postponed due to rain with the score 2-2 . it was supposed to resume saturday , but more rain in chicago means that it will now resume sunday with the royals batting in the top of the ninth . john danks is scheduled to start for the white sox in the second game sunday , while fellow left-hander jason vargas is expected to go for the royals . no makeup date was announced for saturday 's game .