ed miliband has overtaken david cameron as the most popular political leader for the first time . in a shock new poll that will send shockwaves through downing street , the labour leader has jumped ahead of the prime minister in personal approval ratings . the labour party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the tories with just 28 days until polling day , according to the pollsters survation . labour leader ed miliband has jumped ahead of the prime minister in personal approval ratings , a survation poll has revealed . the revelation comes in the wake of a furious political row over the labour leader’s personal character – after the defence secretary michael fallon said mr miliband could stab britain in the back like he did to his brother . mr miliband responded by accusing the tories of dragging the election campaign ‘ into the gutter’ . the tories have pinned much of their election hopes on turning the campaign into a straight choice between mr cameron and the labour leader . but the campaign could backfire if mr miliband overtakes the prime minister in the polls . according to tonight’s survation poll for the daily mirror , with less than a month until the general election , labour has opened up a four-point gap over the tories . labour is up 2 points on 35 , the conservatives down one to 31 . nigel farage’s ukip , meanwhile , are down three to 15 with the lib dems still struggling on just 9 per cent . the snp and the greens are on 4 per cent each . it is the biggest labour lead in a survation poll since february and was conducted after the party announced plans to scrap a ‘ tax loophole’ used by wealthy ‘ non doms’ to lower their tax bills . with less than a month until the general election , labour has opened up a four-point gap over the tories . the tories have pinned much of their election hopes on turning the campaign into a straight choice between mr cameron and the labour leader . according to tonight’s poll , nearly seven out of ten voters back mr miliband’s proposal to scrap the non dom tax status . four out of 10 voters ‘strongly’ support the move – with just 14 per cent opposed . the poll surveyed 1,111 people on wednesday and thursday . miliband announced on wednesday that he wanted to scrap tax rules that allow wealthy individuals to legally reduce the amount of tax they pay on money earned overseas . the survation poll found 59 percent of respondents supported the idea . a separate poll , by yougov for the sun newspaper on wednesday , gave labour a one percentage point lead over the conservatives .