a teenage driver who held her license for one day crashed into a wheelie bin before smashing into a brick wall and leaving five injured . the 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers along anderson road in glenning valley on the central coast of nsw when she lost control over her vehicle on thursday night . the group of five were travelling in a white mitsubishi lancer before it collided into a wheelie bin , crashed head-on into a solid brick wall before bouncing off and crashing into another part of the wall . scroll down for video . a teenage driver who held her license for one day crashed into a brick wall on thursday night . photographs taken from the incident show debris and bricks scattered around the crashed vehicle while a young woman was seen being taken away on a stretcher by paramedics in a neck brace . white trail of skid marks were left on the road by the driver , who apparently received her p-plates on the same day her sedan left the road about 9.45pm . the 17-year-old driver sustained serious injuries to her limbs , forehead and abdomen . she was transported to gosford district hospital . the group were travelling when the car lost control , crashed into a wheelie bin and collided head-on into a wall . debris , clothing and bricks were scattered around the crashed mitsubishi lancer after the incident . emergency services were called to the scene after two were reported in a serious condition . the driver and a passenger were taken to hospital in a serious condition while the other three were stable . a 17-year-old female passenger , who was sitting in the rear seat , suffered multiple fractures to her limbs , ribs and serious injuries to her abdomen before being taken to john hunter hospital . three other passengers were taken to gosford district hospital in a stable condition . emergency services were called to the scene where police have established a crime scene , which has been examined by the crash investigation unit . a young woman was seen being taken away on a stretcher by paramedics in a neck brace . another young woman was seen being taken away by paramedics on thursday night following the crash . emergency services were called to the scene where police have established a crime scene . emergency services were called to the scene where police have established a crime scene . white trail of skid marks were left on the road by the driver , who apparently received her p-plates on the same day her sedan left the road . a nsw police spokeswoman told daily mail australia four people were reported trapped inside the vehicle but could not comment further on the matter . ' police are currently investigating the incident , ' she said . daily mail australia has contacted tuggerah lakes lac police and gosford district hospital for comment .