an elderly man who was bitten by a crocodile while playing golf has defended the creature who attacked him , claiming the 1.2 metre reptile was more frightened than he was and that the spat was partially the golfer 's own fault . the victim , john lahiff has spoken out from his hospital bed at cairns base hospital , swearing he will return to the green again after the nasty run-in with the crocodile at politician clive palmer 's port douglas golf course . on monday afternoon , the man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the palmer sea reef golf course , causing the croc to swiftly retaliate . ' i drove the cart around to retrieve the ball - and i did n't see the croc sunbaking just on the edge of the water , ' mr lahiff told abc news . scroll down for video . the victim , john lahiff has spoken out from his hospital bed at cairns base hospital , swearing he will return to the green again after the nasty run-in with the crocodile . on monday afternoon , the man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the palmer sea reef golf course , causing the croc to swiftly retaliate . the golfer received puncture wounds on his leg and foot , including one down to the bone . ' i walked past it and then it got me on the way back and as soon as it grabbed me it took off into the water . ' he received puncture wounds on his leg and foot , including one down to the bone . ' i did n't feel a thing , ' mr lahiff told ninemsn . ' the only pain i had was last night when they were sticking needles into me . ' incredibly mr lahiff , who had been playing alone , was still able to drive his golf buggy back up to the clubhouse to seek medical assistance . ' it 's partly my fault ... for disturbing it while it was sunbaking , ' he said . ' i think he got more of a fright than me . he 's alright . ' mr lahiff says he has no qualms about returning to the green , explaining he will be sure to steer clear of crocodiles in future and ensure he does n't hit balls in the water . incredibly mr lahiff , who had been playing alone , was still able to drive his golf buggy back up to the clubhouse to seek medical assistance . mr lahiff says he has no qualms about returning to the green , explaining he will be sure to steer clear of crocodiles in future and ensure he does n't hit balls in the water . the 70-year-old man was playing golf on monday at the palmer sea reef golf course , owned by clive palmer . palmer united party leader clive palmer , who owns the golf course , gave the victim some potentially unwelcome advice on how to avoid a similar injury in future . ' i 'd advise people not to step on crocodiles , ' he said . ' i suppose you can understand how it would respond to having someone step on its back . ' he also took to his twitter account following the incident to send his well wishes to the injured man . ' i would like to wish the well-known local man who was attacked by a crocodile in port douglas this afternoon a speedy recovery , ' mr palmer tweeted . but hours later , the billionaire posted a bizarre joke : ' crocodile has been removed from all menus at palmer properties following today 's incident with a member of our port douglas golf course . ' the tweets followed after emergency services were called to the course after reports of a man being bitten on the leg shortly after 4pm . a queensland ambulance service spokeswoman told daily mail australia the man suffered puncture wounds on his left calf . the man , who was a member at the golf course , was treated by paramedics at the scene before he was taken to mossman district hospital in a stable condition . palmer united party leader clive palmer posted his well wishes to the injured man on his twitter account . mr palmer took to his twitter account to send his well wishes to the man following the incident . a department of environment and heritage protection spokesperson told abc news it was not unusual to see crocodiles in the area . ' crocodiles are known to be in the area and access the golf course via creeks , and as such , warning signs are in place , ' the spokesperson said . ' it is not the first time a crocodile has been removed from a golf course in the region . ' queensland ambulance has confirmed an elderly man was bitten on the leg by a crocodile on monday . an elderly man has reportedly been attacked by a crocodile while he was playing golf in queensland . emergency services were called about 4pm and treated the man at the scene before taking him to hospital .