a teacher has been banned from the classroom after he let pupils change their exam answers invalidating his whole school 's sats results . ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the the national curriculum tests for 11-year-olds , which assess english , maths and science at mitton manor primary school in tewskesbury , gloucestershire . this was despite the exam session finishing , a conduct panel heard . ian guffick asked pupils at mitton manor primary school in tewkesbury , pictured , to make the changes to their sats exam answers . the 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil 's exam answers himself before the papers were sent off . after the suspected breach of exam rules , school officials were tipped off , resulting in an investigation being launched in june . the probe by the local education authority found that some pupils taking a test had changed answers outside exam conditions and that guffick had done the same . it then led to the department for education annulling all sats exam results for the entire school last year , the hearing was told . guffick was later forced to give up his job at the school and had since admitted the allegations and accepted it amounted to unacceptable professional conduct . the department for education annulled the whole school 's sat 's results after a probe by the local education authority ( file picture ) . however , he insisted in a statement that he did not ask the pupils to change their answers , but to make them more legible . but the panel , run by the national college for teaching and leadership , said that no changes of any kind should be made to exam scripts outside test conditions . panel chair martin pilkington said , although the teacher’s conduct had been dishonest , it fell short of fraud or serious dishonesty . but he added : ' whilst the panel accepts that mr guffick may have felt under pressure to achieve good results for himself and the school , that can in no way excuse his behaviour . ' it is clear to the panel that he deeply regrets his conduct and the panel also considered that he was forthcoming in explaining what he had done when it was investigated by the school and local authority . ' paul heathcote , acting on behalf of education secretary nicky morgan , banned guffick from the classroom for at least two years . he said : ' his actions had a serious impact on the school as their sats results were annulled for 2014 . ' mr guffick’s actions were deliberate and he was not acting under duress . ' in all the circumstances , i agree with the panel’s recommendation that a prohibition order is an appropriate and proportionate sanction . ' mr guffick has shown remorse and insight and he deeply regrets his actions . ' he was given 28 days in which to appeal against the decision to the high court . 