the owner of a british seaside hotel says it is virus-free after 100 holidaymakers were struck down by what health officials have described as a norovirus outbreak . dozens of people who visited the cooden beach hotel earlier this month came down with vomiting , diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug . a rother district council spokesperson said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the so-called ' winter vomiting bug ' after visiting the hotel in bexhill-on-sea , east sussex . health officials said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the ' winter vomiting bug ' . a sign posted on the door of the hotel warns visitors about an ‘ airborne virus’ at the premises . owner james kimber told mailonline travel that the source of the illness has not been identified , but many of those who fell ill attended a wedding at the 41-room hotel on 11 april . he said some staff experienced symptoms as well . mr kimber said the hotel followed the environmental agency 's protocol to the letter , including a recommendation to steam clean the venue . a sign posted on the door of the hotel , where guests enjoy sweeping views of the english channel , warned visitors about an ‘ airborne virus’ at the premises . owner james kimber has issued an apology to guests and staff , and has vowed to steam clean the hotel . richard parker-harding , service manager for environmental health , said : ‘ we have received a large number of reports of people who attended the hotel over the past week who have complained of suffering from acute sickness . ‘ following tests , we have eight confirmed cases of norovirus , also known as winter vomiting disease , which causes gastroenteritis and is highly infectious . ‘ the virus is easily transmitted through contact with infected individuals from one person to another . ‘ we believe the other people who have been ill also had norovirus . ‘ outbreaks are common in semi-enclosed environments such as hospitals , nursing homes , schools and cruise ships and can also occur in restaurants and hotels . ’ earlier this month two cruise ships owned by royal caribbean international suffered norovirus outbreaks . both docked in san diego while sailing from florida , with about 240 passengers on the legend of the seas and celebrity infinity cruise liners falling ill .