did you blink ? there was a total eclipse of the moon on saturday - but it was an unusually short one . the lunar event - where earth 's shadow completely blocks the moon - lasted only five minutes , making it the shortest eclipse of the century , nasa said . the so-called ' blood moon ' could be seen by billions of people across the western u.s. , canada and australia . scroll down for video . blood moon : skygazers in the western u.s. , canada , australia and new zealand were treated to a total eclipse of the moon before dawn on saturday ( pictured over new zealand ) . the eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons , with the final one expected on september 28 . the next one will be visible from europe . the best spot this morning was at the mississippi river , where spectators caught the entire five minutes of the orb around 5am pt , astronomers said . sky-gazers in the midwest and east coast only caught part of the lunar show . the eclipse could also be seen in its entirety on saturday night from eastern australia , new zealand and japan . but observatory staff in sydney were unable to see the eclipse due to cloudy weather and instead wrote on twitter : ' our live feed from the griffith observatory [ in america ] is showing gorgeous totality pink ! ' do n't blink ! the moon may have shone red for three hours but it was only visible to citizens for five minutes ( pictured over new zealand ) . on the west coast of north america , the total eclipse — what astronomers call totality — began shortly before 5am pt . they accompanied their tweet with a picture of a bright pink moon . ' blood moon ' refers to its orange or red appearance , which is the result of sunlight scattering off earth 's atmosphere . whether the moon appears dark red , copper , bronze or another shade depends on several factors including the amount of volcanic ash in the atmosphere . unlike more lengthy eclipses , the moon in this case only skimmed the upper part of earth 's shadow . normally , the moon passes through the middle of the shadow , making the eclipse lasts longer . sydney observatory astronomer andrew smith said before the event : ' some sources indicate it will be around 10 minutes of totality , which will make it the shortest since 1917 , but other sources say it will be less than five minutes which makes it the shortest since 1592 . ' ' blood moon ' refers to its orange or red appearance — the result of sunlight scattering off earth 's atmosphere , seen here in santa barbara . unlike solar eclipses which require eye protection , you only need clear skies to view this lunar eclipse ( pictured over santa barbara ) . whether the moon appears dark red , copper or bronze depends on several factors including the amount of volcanic ash in the atmosphere . as well as california , the eclipse could also be seen in its entirety on saturday night from eastern australia , new zealand and japan . the total lunar eclipse is observed above cherry blossoms in shiraishi city , miyagi district , northeastern japan on saturday . geoff chester of the u.s . naval observatory in washington added that it was the changes in colour that makes lunar eclipses so interesting . the full eclipse of the moon in september will be visible across the u.s. and canada , as well as western europe and africa . ' totality ' will last around an hour and 20 minutes . but those who missed out in australia will have to wait until january 31 , 2018 , for the next lunar eclipse . unlike solar eclipses which require eye protection , you only need clear skies to view a lunar eclipse . a pair of binoculars or backyard telescope will enhance your view , but are not necessary . japanese sky-gazers caught the moon when it was still white and out of the earth 's shadow . it is the third of four consecutive lunar eclipses separated by six months - a tetrad - which is very rare . atmospheric : the sky ( pictured in japan ) burned a deep red as the gleaming orange light shone through the clouds . in new york , where the sun was rising , the sky glared orange from the reflection of the sun 's rays from the moon .  the full moon is seen over the santa monica mountains in topanga , california , shortly before it turns red during the lunar eclipse . the moon is seen behind downtown high-rise buildings during the shortest total lunar eclipse of the century before dawn . sky-gazers will have a better chance of catching the next full lunar eclipse on september 28 , that will last over an hour . 