two jihadi brides have escaped from islamic state 's female police force and revealed the horrifying punishments they used to inflict on other women . doaa and umm , whose names have been changed to conceal their identities , were smuggled from raqqa , in syria , to southern turkey after leaving the al-khansa brigade earlier this year . the pair said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey the group 's rules - including giving 60 lashes to those who tried to flee . scroll down for video . doaa and umm ( above ) , whose names have been changed to conceal their identities have revealed what life was like working for the brutal al-khansa brigade . in an interview with sky news doaa , who left after her saudi arabian husband blew himself up in a suicide attack , said women also received a ' standard ' 40 lashes if they did not wear proper islamic dress . the 20-year-old , who was paid around £70 a month by the unit , said : ' what upset me most was lashing old women when they were n't wearing the proper clothes . ' umma , 25 , was forced to marry a foreign fighter . she said did not see him very much as he was often on the front line . ' most of the time i would stay at my parents’ house because he was n't around . he behaved normally , he would come home for two or three days and then go back to fight , ' she said , adding that she did not love him . now the pair , who are living in turkey illegally , are scared they will be discovered by isis fighters who , they believe , are following them . the al-khansa brigade operates as an ultra-oppressive police force monitoring the behaviour of females in raqqa . the women revealed they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey the group 's rules - including those who tried to escape . above , one of the women shows a picture of herself holding a gun . the al-khansa brigade operates as an ultra-oppressive police force monitoring the behaviour of females in raqqa . above , other women from the brigade are pictured holding guns . it achieved notoriety last year after women who travelled to join the islamic state 's insurgency boasted of joining the police unit . they used social media to brag about doling out savage beatings and lashings , ordering executions and managing brothels where thousands of sex slaves are believed to be imprisoned and raped daily . in the brigade 's first manifesto , released in february , women are told to live a completely ' sedentary ' lifestyle . it adds that their role should be primarily to remain ' hidden and veiled ' and at the service of men , who are described as their masters . while it claims not to have been written or approved by isis 's leadership , it provides a disturbing look at the way women are treated . last september a syrian woman agreed to carry a hidden camera to film daily life in raqqa . her footage showed several gun-wielding french women who had left their home country to join isis ( above ) . the women’s revelations come a day after a shocking new video appearing to show at least 30 christians being beheaded and shot by isis in libya was released . the 29-minute video , titled ' until it came to them - clear evidence ' , showed dozens of militants holding two separate groups captive , thought to be in the south and the east of the country . at least 16 men , described by islamic state as the ' followers of the cross from the enemy ethiopian church ' , were lined up and shot in a desert area while 12 others were filmed being forced to walk down a beach before being beheaded . it followed another video in february of the beheading of a group of 21 coptic christians on the beach in libya , though that terrain was rockier than the one shown in the latest film .