it was supposed to be the place where stephanie scott was to spend the happiest day of her life , instead her wedding venue seemed like the loneliest place on the planet . a guest list of 120 people had been invited to stephanie and her fiance aaron leeson-woolley 's wedding at the picturesque eat your greens venue 2km outside the tiny town of eugowra , in new south wales ' central west region . these same guests were now 275km and three hours ' drive away after attending a heart-breaking ceremony at mountford park in leeton , as stephanie 's family and friends honoured the 26-year-old teacher 's memory . the popular high school teacher was last seen on easter sunday , which sparked a widespread search until police found the remains of a body at a national park on friday - the day before ms scott 's big day . it was supposed to be the place where stephanie scott was to spend the happiest day of her life , instead her wedding venue seemed like the loneliest place on the planet . a guest list of 120 people had been invited to stephanie and her fiance aaron leeson-woolley 's wedding at the picturesque eat your greens venue . the couple 's wedding venue is 2km outside the tiny town of eugowra , in new south wales ' central west region . but on saturday , the wedding venue was locked up and deserted as guests instead paid tribute to ms scott at her memorial service which was held 275km and three hours ' drive away from eat your greens . the car park was empty and silent , with only the sound of crickets and toads in the nearby countryside . the planned wedding venue was locked up and the car park was empty and silent , with only the sound of crickets and toads in the nearby countryside . the grounds surrounding the premises were immaculate , and in the middle there was a hallway of trees that looked like an aisle . you could imagine guests chatting happily around the grounds . the only sign that stephanie 's wedding was due to take place there was a touching memorial at the venue 's entrance , which was made up of flower bouquets and yellow balloons . ' generally the place is lively with people enjoying themselves on a saturday night . there 's always something going on there . i was wondering why it was so quiet , ' one neighbour said . tributes to ms scott were left at the gates of her wedding venue . her big day was supposed to take place on saturday . but it was pointless to think of what could have been - where there should have been laughter there was now only an eerie stillness . it was a haunting place , and one that a neighbour - who asked not to be named - had not seen the like of for a while . ' generally the place is lively with people enjoying themselves on a saturday night . there 's always something going on there . i was wondering why it was so quiet , ' he said . the only sign that stephanie 's wedding was due to take place there was a touching memorial at the venue 's entrance , which was made up of flower bouquets and yellow balloons . messages on the cards read ' always in our hearts steph xxx ' and ' love you and miss you but we know you 'll be our soulmate ' . one message attached to a bouquet of flowers from the owners of the eat your greens venue itself , summed up perfectly how everybody felt after a traumatic day : ' steph , words can not even describe how devastated we are . you truly were a beautiful person , a pleasure to get to know and you would have made a beautiful bride . ' the happy couple , aaron leeson-woolley and stephanie scott ( both pictured right ) , had sent out invites for their wedding day which was supposed to be held on saturday . heart-wrenching scenes at the memorial service for murdered teacher stephanie scott on saturday as her fiance aaron leeson-woolley grieves for his beloved partner of five years . messages on the cards read ' always in our hearts steph xxx ' and ' love you and miss you but we know you 'll be our soulmate ' . however , one message attached to a bouquet of flowers from the owners of the eat your greens venue itself , summed up perfectly how everybody felt after a traumatic day . ' steph , words can not even describe how devastated we are , ' it read . ' you truly were a beautiful person , a pleasure to get to know and you would have made a beautiful bride . ' thinking of you . love to you always . ' stephanie scott ( fourth from left ) was supposed to have her own wedding on saturday but guests paid tribute to her instead at a memorial service . ms scott is pictured here as a bridesmaid in the wedding of her close friend . aaron leeson-woolley made an emotional visit to the makeshift shrine of his killed fiancee ( right ) . a candlelight vigil is held outside leeton high school , where ms scott was an english and drama teacher . the popular teacher had been reported missing since easter sunday as police found her body on friday - the day before her wedding . on thursday , ms scott 's fiance aaron leeson-woolley visited the makeshift memorial erected outside the school his partner of five years had taught english and drama . the popular high school teacher was honoured with cards , flowers , balloons , candles , and pictures as students from the school , along with friends , family , and strangers visited to remember the 26-year-old . many of ms scott 's friends and family had travelled from interstate and overseas for the wedding , but stayed for the memorial instead , in the wake of the news that police had discovered a body on friday night they believed to be that of the 26-year-old . detective superintendent michael rowan , local area commander at griffith , said that the body found just metres from the road in cocoparra national park , in the riverina region of nsw , had been burned . the remains of the body have been taken to glebe infirmary for further forensics . police also said that a gasoline can had been found at the site . police have charged school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , with the 26-year-old teacher 's murder and will allege stanford killed ms scott at some point between 11am and 7.20pm on sunday , before dumping her car and body . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .