the rampant scottish national party has extended its huge lead over labour , polling showed last night . detailed constituency surveys suggest labour faces an unprecedented wipeout . jim murphy , its scottish leader , and douglas alexander , its chief election strategist , are among those on course to lose their seats . jim murphy ( left ) , labour 's scottish leader , and douglas alexander ( right ) , the party 's chief election strategist could lose their seats . the nationalists are also on course to wipe out the liberal democrats in scotland , with even charles kennedy , their popular former leader , now 15 points behind in his highlands constituency . the survey of eight constituencies , by lord ashcroft , revealed swings to the snp on a scale which would be unprecedented in modern european politics . the survey suggests labour could lose all 41 seats it won in 2010 . tactical anti-snp voting by supporters of other parties could save some . there are 59 seats in scotland . mr murphy is nine points behind in his east renfrewshire seat with the snp buoyed by leader nicola sturgeon’s strong performance in two tv debates . that means there has been a 26.5 per cent swing away from labour since 2010 . labour conceded that ‘ no gloss’ could be put on the polls and warned that if the findings become reality then ‘ david cameron will walk back into downing street again’ . conor pope , of party supporters’ website labourlist , said : ‘ if previous ashcroft constituency polling in scotland could be described as an earthquake , the poll the tory peer had dropped this afternoon will require an entirely different word . a cataclysm perhaps . ‘ if this is an earthquake it’s certainly not the kind that rattles the windows in the middle of the night , it’s the sort that razes whole cities . ‘ if lord ashcroft’s polling is correct , there’s a risk that jim murphy could lose his seat to the snp . at the last poll he had a slender one point lead over the snp , that has now turned in a matter of weeks into a nine-point lead for the snp . that’s well outside the margin of error . the rampant scottish national party , led by nicola sturgeon ( pictured ) , has extended its lead over labour . ‘ what was once a labour/tory marginal could well fall to the forces of separatism . such a result would be a painful – almost existential – blow to a scottish labour party that is already battered and bruised . ’ yesterday , mr murphy launched a desperate attempt to regain support by abandoning his blairite views in a bid to win over left-wing voters . mr murphy unveiled labour’s scottish election manifesto in glasgow as he declared ‘ the party of john smith and the party of donald dewar is back in business’ . overlooking the tony blair ‘ new labour’ era , during which he served as a minister , he allowed retiring labour mp david hamilton to whip the crowd into a frenzy by attacking margaret thatcher and laying into the snp with the battle cry : ‘ they are nationalists , we are socialists . ’ mr murphy himself vowed to introduce socialist-style ‘redistributive’ policies , as he accused the snp of stealing labour’s clothes .