they were the biggest of the ice age giants , roaming the frozen plains of the northern hemisphere . but it seems the final days of the woolly mammoth were a sad struggle for survival . genetic analysis of two woolly mammoth remains show that their population became so small that they had become chronically inbred . scroll down for video . the last of the woolly mammoths ( shown in the reconstruction above ) were isolated on an arctic island for around 5,000 years , forcing them to inbreed as their population dwindled until disappering 4,500 years ago . researchers have concluded that the creatures clung on in just a tiny pocket of the arctic , on an island that appears to have become cut off from the mainland . the study has also raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants . scientists claim to have taken a major step towards recreating the woolly mammoth by inserting more than a dozen of the creature 's genes into the live dna of an elephant . researchers studied the structure of dna from mammoths preserved in the arctic to reproduce exact copies of 14 of the extinct animal’s genes . these were then integrated by experts at harvard university in massachusetts into the elephant genome - and functioned as normal dna . a new method known as ' crispr ' - helping scientists make accurate changes to dna - was used by genetics professor george church , who replaced parts of elephant dna with the mammoth genes . other researchers have proposed using mammoth dna to replace that of an elephant using a similar technique to the one used to clone dolly the sheep . however , many scientists fear these animals would be unable to survive in the modern world without their ancient habitat . such techniques also can lead to deformities and health problems in the animals . however the researchers behind the genetic analysis have urged other scientists not to attempt this for fear of the suffering it may cause to the animals . instead , they say their findings have revealed new insights into the evolutionary history and demise of the woolly mammoths . they have published full dna sequences of one mammoth found in oimyakon , northeast siberia – thought to be around 45,000 years old – and another from one of the last surviving mammoths found on wrangel island , north of russia in the arctic ocean . they found that the mammoths on wrangel island had been isolated for at least 5,000 years , eking out a meager existence there before dying out 4,500 years ago . analysis showed that the parents of the mammoth found on wrangel island had been distant relatives , suggesting the population had been inbreeding . dr love dalén , an associate professor of bioinformatics and genetics at the swedish museum of natural history who took part in the study , said : ‘ we found that the genome from one of the world’s last mammoths displayed low genetic variation and a signature consistent with inbreeding . ‘ this is likely due to the small number of mammoths that managed to survive on wrangel island during the last 5,000 years of the species’ existence . ’ the researchers , whose work is published in the journal cell biology , found that the mammoth genome only appeared to align with african elephant dna by between 64 per cent and 76 per cent . researchers extracted dna from the remains of two woolly mammoths who died 36,000 years apart . scientists have been able to extract dna from mammoth hair ( above ) and tusks found across siberia . mammoths are thought to have evolved around 400,000 years ago in eastern asia and is a close relative to the asian elephant . the researchers analysis revealed that mammoths appear to have suffered significant setbacks around 250,000 to 300,000 years ago where their population was decimated . however , they then recovered before they experienced a further hit to their populations around 116,000 to 130,000 years ago . the population then appears to have remained stable until 12,000 years ago when their numbers were drastically reduced . the researchers believe the mammoths in oimyakon and wrangel separated around 50,000 years . hunting by humans has long been thought to be what drove the mammoths to extinction while climate change has also been blamed . the researchers studied mammoth remains found at oimyakon in siberia and wrangel island ( shown above ) . this mammoth tusk on wrangel island in russia belonged to one of the last mammoths before they died out . the new results suggest the animals were already in decline by the time humans began moving into europe 45,000 years ago . professor hendrik poinar , director of the ancient dna centre at mcmaster university who was also involved in the research , said the dna raises the prospect that mammoths could now be brought back from extinction . organisations like the long now foundation have said they hope to resurrect the mammoth . professor poinar said : ‘ this discovery means that recreating extinct species is a much more real possibility , one we could in theory realize within decades . ‘ i think in the future it will be inevitable that we will be able to do it , but the bigger question is should we do it . ‘ with a complete genome and this kind of data , we can now begin to understand what made a mammoth a mammoth—when compared to an elephant—and some of the underlying causes of their extinction which is an exceptionally difficult and complex puzzle to solve . ’