australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights . this is the latest cost-saving travel trend , with each night costing an average of $ 30 . homecamp , which launched in january , has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation . one sydney host , steve york , has been using the website to connect with potential guests and has already had four successful bookings . australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights . homecamp , which launched in january , has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation . sydney-sider steve york ( left ) used homecamp to connect with rose smith ( right ) and let her stay in his backyard for three nights . as a full-time university student , steve felt the financial burden when he moved out six months ago . the 20-year-old asked around for any ' easy money-making methods ' when a friend told him about homecamp . ' i was n't too keen at the start but i thought i may as well give it a go to see what it 's like , ' he told daily mail australia . ' i just wanted a some extra income to help pay for groceries and little things like that because i was struggling financially . ' steve says he did initially consider placing his rental property in dee why , sydney 's northern beaches , on airbnb and couchsurfing but could not warm to the idea of living under the same roof with a complete stranger . ' i really was n't comfortable with people staying inside the house so i guess that 's why homecamp appealed to me more , ' he said . steve listed his dee why home , in sydney 's northern beaches , on homecamp in february and has since had four bookings . there are currently more than 50 australian homeowners using the website , according to founder david abitbol . steve 's first booking was in february with local traveller rose smith of queensland . both parties took all precautions to ensure they were reliable . ' obviously i wanted to make sure that i was n't having some weird person staying in my backyard , ' steve said . ' rose was really great and she even let me speak to her parents . i was really able to trust her for the three nights she stayed . ' for rose , she was after an affordable place to stay in sydney and steve 's home was perfect for the occasion . ' it was also my first time staying in someone 's backyard so i was a bit scared at the start , ' she told daily mail australia . ' but after a few conversations with steve i felt more comfortable and now i 'm definitely looking to do it again . ' the 22-year-old says she enjoyed the freedom of having her own space as opposed to ' staying in a youth hostel in a crowded space and sharing the bathroom with other heaps of other travellers ' . ' i got along with steve so he allowed me to use the bathroom and other amenities quite freely which made the whole experience even better , ' rose said . homecamp was launched in australia but has been used by homeowners worldwide including new zealand , france , south africa , usa , canada and sweden . steve believes homecamp offers tourists a unique experience . ' the affordability of it and the location with a great vibe - i think that 's what tourists are looking for these days , ' he said . ' they 're not really looking for the typical touristy places anymore but want more local and real experiences . ' rose agrees with steve and also believes homecamp is ' going to be the next big thing ' . there are currently more than 50 australian homeowners using the website and that number continues to grow , according to founder david abitbol . homecamp was launched in australia but has been used by homeowners worldwide including new zealand , france , south africa , usa , canada and sweden . 