after years of suffering behind its barbed wire fences , watching those they loved waste away before their eyes while nazi guards systematically slaughtered them by the tens of thousands - this is the moment the inmates of bergen-belsen watched as the death camp was burned to the ground . steeped in human misery , these huts once contained the bodies of thousands of jews , gypsies , homosexuals , nazi opponents and the disabled , sent to an inhuman death by adolf hitler and his demented regime . diarist anne frank , and her sister margot , also died here . shortly after the camp was liberated by british and canadian troops in 1945 , it was torched , and at least part of that suffering was destroyed forever as the buildings , along with the reichskriegs flag and hitler portrait which adorned them , were consumed by flames . these hellish images , which were taken by british reverend charles martin king parsons , captured that poignant moment in history for future generations to remember . infamous : this is the bergen-belsen concentration camp in germany as it appeared in the days after it was liberated by british and canadian troops , adorned with the german reichskriegs flag ( left ) and a portrait of hitler ( right ) . historic : as a crowd of people watch on , british troops burn the buildings to the ground . these never-before-seen images were captured by reverend charles martin king parsons , who was one of a handful of chaplains who helped liberate it . up in smoke : the camp , which became the final resting place of 50,000 jews , gypsies , homosexuals , nazi opponents and those with disabilities , is burned to the ground after liberation in 1945 . gone , but not forgotten : the images were uncovered by tom marshall , the great-grandson of mr parsons , who said he is proud that his great-grandfather was brave enough to take the pictures , so future generations do not forget what happened . send off : in dramatic scenes soldiers line up in front of a stage as the camp is torched , bringing to an end the suffering inside . mr parsons , orginally from leicestershire , was one of just a handful of british army chaplains who made it inside the camp , and whose job it would have been to help cure the sick , and offer last comforts to those who were beyond saving . anne frank , whose diaries of persecution at the hands of the nazis became the defining account of the holocaust , was just one of bergen-belsen 's many victims . frank was living in the netherlands when the nazis seized it in 1940 , leaving them trapped . in 1942 they were forced into hiding in secret rooms hidden inside otto frank 's office building . they spent two years there , but were anonymously betrayed and sent to the concentration camps . anne , and her sister margot , were taken to bergen-belsen , where they died of typhus in february 1945 , just months before the allies liberated it . when the allied troops arrived at bergen-belsen , it was in the grip of a terrible typhus outbreak , with prisoners dying at a rate of 500 a day . a sombre sign erected by the british army , and photographed by mr parsons , documents at least part of that grisly death tool , revealing that 13,000 people perished even after troops came to their aid . in other images he documents pits filled with the emaciated corpses of the dead , and cramped buildings filled with the typhus-ridden bodies of those who were still alive . the images were brought to light by mr parsons ' great-grandson tom marshall , 27 , who decided to publish the pictures after finding them tucked inside an old box among his grandmother 's possessions . mr marshall , a photo restorer who lives in glasgow , said : ' i often come across very interesting historical photographs showing stories that impel me to dig deeper and find out as much as i can about the people in the pictures , and what they did with their lives . ' i never knew him , but my grandmother said he never talked about his time in the war . i did n't know why , but now i understand . ' we had no idea he had taken these pictures , and i feel now is the right time to share them . words struggle to describe the unbridled horror within . ' charles served in the royal flying corps during the first world war , and because he was aged 39 when the second world war broke out , he initially joined the home guard . however he transferred to the regular army , and was eventually sent to germany . charles was one of a handful of british army chaplains who entered the camp in the days following liberation . the pictures show the temporary sign erected by the british shortly after the camp was liberated , revealing just part of the grim death toll . during the course of the war , bergen-belsen became the final resting place for over 50,000 jews , poles , soviets , opponents of the nazis , homosexuals , and gypsies . chilling : this temporary sign was erected by british troops , detailing just a portion of the grisly death total , which eventually reached 50,000 . sickening : inside one of the camp hut , the sick and the dying huddle on the floor in the appalling conditions their nazi captors left them in . clinging on : survivors huddle inside tents in the wasteland in the centre of the bergen-belsen camp , where diarist anne frank also died . horrific : around 500 people were dying per day of typhus and starvation when the allies arrived . the number of bodies was so great that the nazi captors had given up burying them , and had simply dumped many in the woods . mr marshall added : ' perhaps the most discussed jewish victim of the holocaust anne frank died in belsen shortly before the liberation , probably of typhus which was rife among the dying . ' when my great-grandfather arrived at the camp there were nearly 500 people dying each day , from the appalling conditions and the typhus outbreak . ' along with the other chaplains , medical staff and medical volunteers , he saved many lives and gave both spiritual and medical support to the survivors . ' they were all true heroes - i 'm so proud he documented what he saw , because it 's important for future generations not to forget . ' after the war , charles returned to his work as a vicar , and raised two children , tom 's grandmother ruth and sister joan before dying aged 54 , in 1953 . mr marshall said : ' i never knew him as he died 35 years before i was born but i do know he was a brave man who saved many lives . ' i have also come to learn how important the non-military members of the forces were , and still are , providing essential support and care at times of need . i 'm very proud of my great-grandfather and i know that you do n't have to be a soldier to fight a war . ' slaughter : more emaciated bodies are piled in one of the many shallow graves that surrounded the camp , located in northern germany . mr parsons ( left ) took the pictures following the camp 's liberation after he went inside with other british troops to tend to the sick . when the camp was discovered , up to 500 people a day were dying there from typhus . burial : british soldiers and german locals helped to bury the dead in the days after the camp was liberated from the nazis 70 years ago .