meet suma , one of melbourne zoo 's aging orangutans who suffers from arthritis . she was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 where she was initially given daily medication to help relieve the pain . but on thursday , amazing photographs were captured of the primate 's thorough health examination by surgeons . although is not unusual for middle-aged orangutans to have arthritis , doctors had to anaesthetise suma in order to check how her condition has progressed over the past two years . suma was treated by orthopaedic surgeon and associate professor marino pirpiris , who usually treats humans , and senior vet dr helen mccracken . x-rays were taken in areas where the orangutan has arthritis , her hips and ankles , as dr pirpiris then gave the ape a steroid injection which will reduce her pain for months and perhaps even years . doctors were also able to give suma a full check up , including her ears , teeth , and eyes , and also took urine and blood samples . suma , a 36-year-old orangutan , undergoes a health check-up at melbourne zoo to assess the progress of her arthritis . suma was first diagnosed with the painful condition in 2013 after keepers noticed some stiffness in her movements . x-rays were taken in areas where the orangutan has arthritis which includes her hips ( pictured ) and ankles . in june she will turn 37 years old , which is late middle age for an orangutan , so arthritis is not unexpected . initially , keepers helped alleviate the condition by giving suma daily pain medication . zoo vets took the opportunity to give suma a full check-up including her ears , teeth and eyes . suma is transported to and from the examination room by melbourne zoo keepers on thursday . surgeon associate professor marino pirpiris , who more typically treats humans , joined senior vet dr. helen mccracken to look suma over . doctors had to anaesthetise suma in order to check how her arthritis has progressed since 2013 . dr pirpiris also gave the ape a steroid injection which will reduce her pain for months and perhaps even years .