she was the most hated woman in britain , loathed for her role in the break-up of the prince and princess of wales ' marriage and vilified for everything from her dress sense to her looks . but 10 years on from the sunny april day that saw camilla parker-bowles become the duchess of cornwall , things are looking very different for the 67-year-old royal . indeed , so popular has camilla become , a recent poll revealed that not only is the duchess loved by 50 per cent of britons , 56 per cent credit her with charles ' own increasing popularity . scroll down for video . relaxed : the prince of wales has cut an increasingly relaxed figure since marrying camilla . still in love : an intimate photo released today to mark their 10th wedding anniversary . more to the point , she has also become a much-loved member of the royal family , adored by her step-sons william and harry and noticeably close to her mother-in-law , the queen . that her relationship with the rest of the firm is so good is due , in no small part , to her ' charm and charisma ' , both of which got an appreciative mention from her husband during a recent interview with cnn . the natural warmth she displays during public appearances has helped cement her place in the royal family , with courtiers impressed by her knack of creating an instant rapport with members of the public . most recently , she pulled off a tour of the us with aplomb , charming locals with her approachability and winning admiring headlines at home . her relaxed approach to life was in evidence once again during last month 's cheltenham festival where , accosted by ex-glamour model katie price in the paddock , she posed obligingly for a selfie . a few minutes later , she was seen engrossed in conversation with author jilly cooper , who memorably based the caddish rupert campbell-black , the star of the much-loved rutshire chronicles , on camilla 's ex-husband andrew parker-bowles . sharing a joke : camilla and prince william share a joke at the opening ceremony of the invictus games . natural warmth : camilla 's success is due to her charm - on display here during last month 's cheltenham . involved : camilla 's granddaughter eliza lopes was a bridesmaid at the 2011 royal wedding . ' she is warm , smiley and sincere , ' reveals one royal insider . ' if you were going to use five words to describe her , they would be funny , down-to-earth , opinionated , family-orientated and hearty . ' but camilla 's new-found confidence is hard-won . a salt-of-the-earth countrywoman who , given the opportunity , would happily go make-up free and avoid set-piece events , taking on the very public life of a senior royal has n't been easy . that she has managed it , apparently without breaking a sweat , has n't gone unnoticed - not least by prince charles himself . ' you can imagine it is a real , real challenge , ’ said the prince in the same cnn interview , adding : ' but she 's , i think , been brilliant in the way she 's tackled these things . insiders say the transformation is less about careful pr work and more about camilla herself - in particular , the way she has thrown herself into championing the charities closest to her heart . one of the first to benefit was the national osteoporosis society , with whom the duchess has been involved for more than 19 years . ' throughout our association with the duchess , she has been unwavering in her support , ' says chief executive claire severgnini . ' she is personable , knowledgeable and compassionate . ' all smiles : the duchess of cornwall enjoys a chat with the duchess of cambridge during the 2012 jubilee . all together : the duchess of cornwall in the family photo released after prince george 's christening . close : the duchess of cornwall now enjoys a close relationship with the queen . approval : a clear sign of approval is the regularity with which the duchess appears alongside the queen . shared interests : both camilla and the queen share a passion for all things equestrian . her interest in osteoporosis comes as no surprise to those who know the duchess . in 1994 , aged 47 , she was forced to watch as her ' beloved mama ' rosalind shand died , slowly and in agony , as a result of the disease . indeed , the camilla 's association with the charity pre-dates her marriage , with the duchess first getting involved while still mrs parker-bowles . asked to join forces with the charity while at the height of her infamy , biographer penny junor writes that she was initially reluctant , fearing she might do more harm than good , before agreeing to get involved . although her first attempt at fundraising was curtailed by princess diana 's tragic death , she never stopped supporting the organisation and still gets involved in events . she has also made a name for herself as a champion of women 's rights , becoming deeply involved in the uk 's rape crisis centres and making a visit to a local women 's refuge part of every international tour . while visiting colombian capital bogota last november , she cut a sympathetic figure as she chatted to rape victims over a cup of tea at the memory , peace and reconciliation center . having a laugh : camilla , harry and kate share a joke on the balcony of buckingham palace in june 2013 . friendly : the duchess of cornwall enjoys a friendly relationship with the duchess of cambridge . all smiles : the pair were frequently spotted together during the london 2012 olympic games . in washington last month , the duchess left prince charles to his own devices for a couple of hours while she met detectives working for the district of colombia 's sexual assault response team . camilla 's increasing confidence has also shown itself in the ensembles she wears , with the frumpy get-ups of old swapped for elegant tailored dresses designed to flatter her still-trim waist . like the duchess of cambridge , she 's never far from a delicate cream dress and accessorises nearly everything she wears with one of her trademark five-strand pearl chokers . in the country , she likes tailored tweed suits by roy allen , one of her favourite couturiers , cosy coats by swiss label moncler and flattering hats by london-based milliner , lock & co . but as the duchess of cornwall prepares to celebrate her 10th wedding anniversary , it is the sea-change in her family life as much as her public image that ought to leave her smiling . mirror image : the two also share a similar sense of style - including a penchant for nude pumps . cheers ! meanwhile camilla 's relationship with prince charles has gone from strength to strength . charm : the prince spoke glowingly of his wife 's ' charm and charisma ' in an interview last month . not only is she close to the queen , who was once reported as wishing she ' would just go away ' , camilla is also adored by diana 's sons william and harry - as photos of the trio laughing together at the opening ceremony of september 's invictus games made only too clear . ' having initially loathed her , the queen gets on well with camilla now , ' adds the insider . ' she is n't as close to the queen as sophie [ countess of wessex ] is but that is partly because the queen 's relationship with charles is a bit complicated anyway . ' what certainly is n't complicated is camilla 's relationship with charles . despite such quirks as maintaining separate country homes , after 10 years , the royal couple are closer - and happier - than ever . born camilla rosemary shand on the 17th july 1947 , the duchess of cornwall 's 67 years have undoubtedly been interesting ones . the daughter of major bruce middleton hope shand and his wife rosalind , the duchess was born in london but spent much of her childhood in sussex along with her siblings , annabel and mark . according to her biographer giles brandreth , her upbringing , although not royal , was certainly a grand one . ' camilla is often described as having had an `` enid blyton sort of childhood '' , ' he writes . ' in fact , it was much grander than that . ' the shands had position and they had help – help in the house , help in the garden , help with children . ' they were gentry . they opened their garden for the local conservative party association summer fête . enough said . ' after a stint at a swiss finishing school , camilla burst onto the london social scene as a debutante on the 25th march 1965 . but it was n't all fun , with the future duchess of cornwall working as a secretary for a succession of london firms to pay for her belgravia flat , which she shared with lady moyra campbell . in the late 1960s , camilla met the man who was to become her first husband , cavalry officer andrew parker-bowles , with the couple dating off and on for several years - with mr parker-bowles striking up a relationship with princess anne at one point . camilla , meanwhile , had struck up a relationship with prince charles , who was first introduced to her sometime in 1971 . when the couple split following an overseas posting for charles in 1973 , camilla reconciled with parker-bowles and the couple announced their engagement and married the same year . two children followed . tom in 1974 and laura in 1978 . but it was her continuing relationship with prince charles that would come to define her , with the former couple remaining close friends even after both had married other people . in 1992 , claims that the two had remained an item throughout both marriages emerged when diana : her true story was published , followed , a year later by the ' camillagate ' scandal . by 1995 , both marriages had come to an end and charles and camilla were unofficially back together , with the future duchess often seen attending events with the prince . royal acceptance soon followed with the queen making camilla part of the golden jubilee celebrations in 2002 . a year later , the duchess moved into clarence house and on the 10th february 2005 , charles and camilla 's engagement was announced . the couple married just under two months later in windsor , with camilla taking the title of the duchess of cornwall . 