a 46-year-old man has been charged with aggravated assault , reckless endangerment and dui after driving 11 miles and through seven towns with another man on the hood of his car in pennsylvania . however the driver , dwayne harvard , maintains he is not the one who should have been arrested . harvard claims the man , steven sutton , 36 , of pittsburgh , confronted him in the driveway of his home in springdale , saying he was furious that harvard was giving sutton 's girlfriend , anna mazzetti , a ride home . ' he took a cinder block and he was trying to hit the truck , ' harvard told wtae . ' i said , ''calm down . you put the block down '' . ' man on board : dwayne harvard , 46 , had an argument with steven sutton , 36 , sunday night and struck sutton with his 2002 ford explorer , driving for 11 miles through pennsylvania before finally pulling over . holding on : sutton managed to stay on the hood as harvard drove through harmar township , springdale , frazier township , east deer township , tarentum borough , fawn township and into harrison township . incredible : the incident began shortly after 7 p.m. sunday on mckinley street in springdale when the two men began arguing . what happened next spanned 11 miles and seven towns . charged : harvard was finally stopped at an exit in kittanning , and has since been charged with simple assault , aggravated assault , reckless endangerment , and dui . harvard claims he was ' fearing ' for his life and for mazzetti , so he took off out of his driveway . as he drove off , he sit sutton with his 2002 ford explorer , and sutton clung to the hood . harvard proceeded to drive through harmar township , springdale township , frazier township , east deer township , tarentum borough , fawn township and into harrison township , all the while with sutton hanging onto the front of his car . ' i did n't want to stop because if he had a gun , he could shoot either through the window and kill me and also kill her , ' he told wtae . harvard also told other local tv networks he believed sutton had a knife . harvard said he called 911 while driving to report the incident . argument : the two men started fighting over the fact that harvard was giving sutton 's girlfriend , anna mazzetti ( pictured ) a ride home , harvard claims . ' i 'm innocent ' : in an interview with wtae following his arrest , harvard said it was not him that should have been arrested , and claimed sutton had tried to attack him and mazzetti . ' i called 911 myself and i let him know who i was , ' harvard told wtae . ' i said , ''listen , my name is dwayne harvard , '' i said , ''i got this guy on my hood '' . ' some local police in the communities harvard was driving through also saw what has happening and followed him . eventually he was stopped by troopers after pulling off an exit in kittanning . police detained and interviewed both me . however they decided to arrest harvard . police charged harvard with simple assault , aggravated assault , reckless endangerment , and dui . he posted bond and was released from jail . sutton has not been charged .