baywatch star jeremy jackson , pictured in january , has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the chest with a knife . baywatch star jeremy jackson has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the chest with a knife - and identified his attacker as ' hobie ' from the hit show . jackson was taken into police custody on saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in west lake , la . the 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on friday - his relationship to the man is not clear . the victim told police the man was hobie - jackson played hobie buchannon , the son of david hasselhoff 's character mitch buchannon on baywatch . on saturday , police received a report of a possible prowler in the same neighborhood where the attack took place , reports the la times . officers stopped that alleged prowler and discovered it was jackson – who was wanted in the stabbing . he was immediately arrested at 7:15am . jackson was released that same day on $ 30,000 bail , according to the los angeles county sheriff’s department . jackson , of newport beach , calif. , has not addressed the arrest on social media . he is well-known for his troubled personal life . he left baywatch , which he starred in from 1991-1999 , because he was suffering from a severe drug addiction , according to an interview with e ! on child star confidential . and in 2011 he was treated for steroid addiction on celebrity rehab with dr drew . in january , the former child star was kicked out of uk reality show celebrity big brother for groping a glamor model in a drunken stupor - he was later cautioned by police . celebrity blogger perez hilton , a fellow contestant , had questioned the wisdom of jackson taking part in the show , saying that the actor was not ' mentally stable ' and ' borderline scary ' . earlier this year the mailonline revealed the former baywatch star is alleged to have attempted to murder his ex-wife in an attack caught in a terrifying audio recording . jackson with david hasselhoff when he played his character 's son hobie buchannon . the recording captures jackson allegedly pouncing on fitness model loni willison as she lay in bed at their los angeles home . loni , 31 , can be heard screaming in terror as jackson allegedly strangled and beat her , leaving her with two broken ribs , an injured neck and scratches on her face and body . la police officers were called to the incident last august and in a police report seen by mailonline the star was accused of ' attempt murder ' – a case later dropped after distraught loni decided not to press charges . the police report said : ' susp . argued with vict ( spous & cohab ) , susp used both hands to strangle vict and covered vict 's nose and mouth with his left hand , preventing victim from breathing . ' the mailonline revealed in january the former baywatch star is alleged to have attempted to murder his ex-wife , loni willison , in an attack caught in a terrifying audio recording . loni , 31 , can be heard screaming in terror as jackson allegedly strangled and beat her , leaving her with two broken ribs , an injured neck and scratches on her face and body . she also released a second recording of the unstable actor in which he threatens to kill her in a bizarre , incoherent rap song he emailed to her a day before the alleged attack . the 12-minute rambling ditty demonstrates jackson 's state of mind as he spiraled out of control . loni said she hoped her ex would seek the help he desperately needs to ' fix ' his problems . loni did not press charges against jackson at the time as she said she did n't want to land him in jail and he filed divorce papers . the model first met jackson in 2003 but they did n't begin a serious relationship until march 2010 . she moved into jackson 's beverly hills home five months later and the couple tied the knot on january 12 , 2012 - a date chosen because it was 12.12.12 . the recording emerged after the former child star was kicked out of uk reality show celebrity big brother for groping a glamor model in a drunken stupor - he was later cautioned by police . photos of the intimate ceremony in laguna beach , california , were spread across the pages of a glossy magazine and show a couple very much in love . but cracks in the relationship soon began to show when loni decided to study an aesthetician course and could not spend as much time with jackson as he wanted . she also believes jackson may have started using drugs again as he began behaving differently and was prone to depressive mood swings and violent outbursts . a spokesman for jackson said he had no comment when contacted by mailonline in january following the revelations . cast : jeremy jackson played hobie buchanan in baywatch , ( far right ) growing up in the spotlight among the other stars . 