shooter : terry martin , 48 , pictured in this 2012 mugshot , shot his girlfriend laurice hampton , 48 , after she asked for half of his winnings . a man who won $ 500 on a scratch-off lottery ticket fatally shot his girlfriend and then himself after the pair got into a heated row about sharing the winnings . terry martin , 48 , shot his girlfriend laurice hampton , 48 , after she asked for half of the proceeds . but hampton , critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest , was able to call 911 about 6:30am saturday to report the shootings before she died . responding officers found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home on beaty street in fort worth , texas , where martin was pronounced dead from a gunshot wound to the head . hampton was taken by ambulance to john peter smith hospital but died a few hours later . homicide sergeant joe loughman said the tragic couple had known each other since childhood and had lived together for several years . loughman told the fort worth star-telegram : ' we received information that the suspect had won $ 500 on a texas lottery scratch-off ticket and that the victim wanted half of the proceeds . the suspect did n't want to share it with her . ' victim : hampton , pictured , was taken by ambulance to john peter smith hospital but died a few hours later . home : martin shot hampton at their home on beaty street in fort worth , texas , pictured here , he added : [ hampton told police ] that she had been shot and that he had shot himself after he shot her . ' records showed that there was a history of violence between the couple . according to tarrant county court records , martin was sentenced in july 2012 to a day in jail and fined $ 214 for assaulting hampton in their home in november 2011 . gruesome discovery : fort worth police officers found the couple inside a bedroom where martin was pronounced dead from a gunshot wound to the head . in happier times : martin , right , is pictured with his girlfriend hampton , left , before the shooting . couple : the tragic couple , pictured here , had known each other since childhood , according to police . 