police are hunting two schoolboys who doused a fellow 12-year-old pupil in highly flammable wd40 in an underpass before threatening to set him alight . the victim , who has not been named , was walking in the subway underneath a major road in newbury , berkshire , when two boys - aged about 12 to 13 - approached him . they sprayed the highly flammable wd40 , usually used on cars or locks , over him before producing a lighter and threatening to burn him . the 12-year-old victim , who is yet to be named , was walking in a subway ( pictured ) underneath a road in newbury , berkshire , when two boys approached him , doused him in wd40 and vowed to set him alight . officers from thames valley police are now hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight on easter monday afternoon . the victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment . police said the first offender is described as short and slim with brown hair . he was wearing a grey zip-up hooded top and blue chinos . the second is described as being stocky , about 5ft 4ins , with dark brown hair which was brushed flat . he was wearing a grey jacket , brown t-shirt and grey tracksuit bottoms . colin fearn , the investigating officer in the case , described the attack as ' unprovoked ' and urged witnesses to come forward . he said : ' this was an unprovoked attack on a young boy during the easter holidays . ' we are carrying out an extensive investigation to bring the perpetrators to justice but need the help of the public . police said the boys sprayed the youngster in highly flammable wd40 before threatening to set him alight . ' i would ask anyone who witnessed the incident , anyone who recognises the description of the offenders or has any information to call police on 101 . ' i am particularly interested in speaking to a woman and her partner , who we believe were with their children , who may have witnessed the incident and spoke to the offenders . ' anyone with information should contact police on 101 or crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 . 