you do n't have to be an avid follower of manchester united to know that radamel falcao has struggled badly at old trafford this year . goals have been hard to come by for the colombian , with just four being netted by the striker this season in a united shirt having signed on a season-long loan from monaco . but not only has falcao failed to score since january 31 against leicester , he has also failed to have a shot on target in the premier league - featuring in 10 games since.during that period he has collected £3,080,000 in wages . radamel falcao fires wide for manchester united past chelsea 's onrushing keeper thibaut courtois . falcao stands dejected with wayne rooney at the final whistle following united 's 1-0 loss at chelsea . falcao looks on with marouane fellaini waiting to kick-off following eden hazard 's strike . granted , falcao has not always featured for the red devils but the striker 's £280,000-a-week wages are a massive burden for united , making a permanent move this summer even more unlikely despite the uncertain future of strike partner robin van persie . falcao started in manchester united 's 1-0 defeat at chelsea on saturday , but despite playing the full 90 minutes for a side that bossed over 70 per cent of the ball , he struggled to get involved in the game . the striker saw a shot blocked by gary cahill and had another two shots fly wide in the second half . but otherwise the colombian 's biggest impact was a negative one as he lost the ball following a john terry challenge in the build up to eden hazard 's winning goal at stamford bridge . following another failed audition in front of manager louis van gaal , falcao 's premier league adventure is set to go down as a costly mistake for the red devils . john terry had the upper hand on falcao in their personal scrap , with the chelsea captain winning the ball off the striker to start a move which led to hazard 's goal in the premier league clash . falcao has n't scored or had a shot on target for united since netting against leicester in january . sportsmail 's match zone shows falcao 's heat map for the striker 's display at chelsea . 