a holidaymaker was left stranded in tenerife after thieves stole her passport id during a family holiday - and ryanair staff refused to let her fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant . loushanna and shawn craig from erdington , birmingham , had gone away to the island for a three-day break , marking her birthday and the couple 's anniversary . but , despite having flown to tenerife from east midlands airport , mrs craig was marooned on the island for up to two weeks after her biometric id card was stolen . loushanna craig , from erdington in birmingham , had gone to tenerife with her husband for three-day holiday but was refused to fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant . the couple were on a trip to the volcanoes when mr craig had his wallet stolen , which had her biometric id , as well as their bank cards inside . the 37-year-old was meant to return to the uk on march 9 , but she only arrived back on march 24 - having spent more than three times what she had planned . the mother-of-four , who has a jamaican passport , has now placed the blame squarely on the shoulders of ryanair . she claims that she has the right documentation to prove she was allowed to return to the uk , but that the budget airline refused to fly her home anyway . she said : ' the whole experience has been humiliating . i will never use ryanair again . ' mrs craig , who moved to birmingham from the west indies 14 years ago , does not have a full uk passport because she has not yet been given permission to live here permanently . mrs craig , with her husband shawn , who had her biometric id card stolen while on holiday . instead , she has the ' right to remain ' status , a government stamp which shows she resides in the uk . that stamp recently ran out , she said . but she has a biometric id card , given to her by the uk border force , which , when used in conjunction with her passport , proves she has the right to reside in this country . she has previously used it as a passport in eu countries . prior to the holiday , mrs craig had also obtained a visa from the spanish embassy in london , allowing her to travel out of the country . after the card was stolen , mrs craig travelled to madrid where she was given documentation to prove that her card had been stolen . but when she tried to return home , she was stopped at the tenerife south boarding desk and the police were called . she was led away , under suspicion of being an illegal immigrant . ' they just did n't want to know , ' she said . ' they were n't interested in seeing the papers . i was led away like a crook . i also had a driving licence and bank cards which proved i was from the uk . ' mrs craig , who was carrying other cards like her driving licence and national insurance card , then got paperwork from the british consulate in tenerife , which also verified that her card had been stolen . but when mrs craig attempted to get home , she was turned back again . she alleges that a ryanair representative at tenerife south airport told her : ' we send you africans to britain and they just send you back and fine us 6,000 euros . ' she said : ' i was left feeling like a criminal . ' mrs craig was told her jamaican passport would have to be surrendered and re-stamped before she could return , a process that would have taken at least three weeks . but desmond jaddoo , a community activist , then intervened , speeding up the process , meaning she returned home earlier than expected . he described the saga as ' totally unsatisfactory in its entirety ' . he said : ' ryanair failed to take into account her circumstances , they failed to show any form of compassion and the fact that they stereotyped her is of great concern . ' mrs craig travelled to madrid where she was given documentation to prove that her card had been stolen but at the aiport she was stopped at the boarding desk and the police were called . a home office spokesman said the airline were right not to accept the id card as a passport substitute . but a home office spokesman said the airline were right not to accept the id card as a passport substitute . the spokesperson said : ' the biometric residence permit is proof of the holder 's right to stay , work or study in the united kingdom . it can also be used as a form of identification . the holder is not required to carry their permit at all times , but they must show it at the border , together with their passport , when travelling outside of , and when returning to , the united kingdom . ' a ryanair spokesman said : ' while we apologise for any inconvenience caused , it is each passenger 's responsibility to carry travel documentation which meets the requirements of ryanair , immigration and other authorities . ' 