nadine coyle and coleen rooney showed off their caring sides today as they joined forces with cancer research 's race for life . ahead of the summer runs , the ladies have also lent their faces to the ad campaign for the drive . the ladies ditch their usual sharply-dressed style for a game of thrones-style makeover - complete with flowing tresses and defiant stares . scroll down for video . coleen rooney ( left ) and nadine coyle ( right ) have joined forces with cancer research for race for life . dressed in ethereal light pink gowns and feathered headdresses , the woman echo a hippy spirit as they look into the lens . fashion designer coleen , 28 , and singer nadine , 29 , are hoping the shots will encourage women from across the uk , regardless of their age , shape or fitness level , to join the female-only event . the race raises money that goes towards research into over 200 types of cancer affecting both men and women . coleen said : ' i am so thrilled to be supporting cancer research uk 's race for life . regardless of your age or how fit you are , everyone can take part or sponsor someone . ' coleen wears an intricate feathered headdress for the campaign pictures . nadine was given ribbon-braided hair for her photoshoot . she continued : ' the money raised is vital to help beat this horrible disease . so gather your girls , sign up , and let 's beat cancer sooner . ' nadine added : ' i am incredibly proud to be supporting cancer research uk 's race for life this year . ' cancer has affected too many loved ones and it 's time to fight back . ' everyone who runs , walks or sponsors someone at race for life events this summer will make a huge difference in the fight against cancer . ' let 's show cancer that hell hath no fury like a woman in pink ! ' women can take part in 5k , 10k and pretty muddy events by going to www.raceforlife.org . fashion designer coleen , 28 , ( left ) and singer nadine , 29 , ( right ) are hoping the shots will encourage women from across the uk , regardless of their age , shape or fitness level , to join the female-only event .