the son of the sultan of brunei , one of the world 's richest men , has wed bride dayangku raabi'atul ' adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah in a spectacular ceremony at the monarch 's 1,788-room palace in brunei 's capital , bandar seri begawan . prince abdul malik , 31 , exchanged vows with dayangku raabi'atul ' adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah , 22 , in front of crowds of friends and family , nobility and foreign dignitaries amid mind-boggling splendour . the newlyweds ' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds , while blushing bride raabi'atul carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems , rather than flowers . scroll down for video . the enthronement ceremony of prince abdul malik , 31 , and dayangku raabi'atul ' adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah , 22 , took place in the lavish settings of 1,788-room palace , istana nural iman in brunei . the happy couple : the bride clutches a bouquet of crystal flowers , and sports a breathtaking three-piece jewellery set , with sizable emeralds . the prince is the youngest child of the sultan , hassanal bolkiah , and his wife , queen saleha , and is second in the line of succession to become the next sultan of brunei . today 's ' bersanding ' or enthronement ceremony is usually the highlight of the wedding festivities , and saw the bride and groom seated next to each other , dressed in opulent traditional attire on gilded thrones in the throne chamber of the istana nural iman palace . according to the brunei times , also in attendance were seven malaysian state rulers and the governor of saudi arabia , and this is the first time that the couple have appeared together since the festivities started on 5 april . the couple wore matching traditional malay dress , with the bride 's veil constructed of swathes of intricate lace . the 22-year-old bride , who worked as a systems data analyst and it instructor , sported a breathtaking diamond tiara studded with six teardrop-shaped emeralds . a diamond necklace with a central pendant of three emeralds the size of grapes , glittered around her neck , while a matching brooch of two egg-shaped emeralds dangled from a diamond setting . prince abdul malik ( pictured left ) prays with bride , dayangku raabi'atul ' adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah . malik is the son of the sultan of brunei , one of the wealthiest men in the world . everyone in the room is seen praying during the ceremony of the prince and his new bride . the bride 's dayangku raabi'atul ' adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah , 22 , has her veil adjusted as she shows off her diamond and emerald tiara , necklace , brooch , bracelet and ring - as well as the delicate posy made of gems . shoes fit for a princess : the bride wore jewel-encrusted christian louboutin heels , as well as a chunky pure gold anklet . the sultan of brunei , hassanal bolkiah , was seen in traditional dress at the wedding ceremony of his son . dayangku raabi'atul ' adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah also toted christian louboutin heels encrusted swarovski crystals , with the distinctive red sole , as well as a chunky gold anklet . the newlyweds sat side by side praying during a section of the ceremony , and at one point , the sultan was seen caressing the arms of his son 's hand while the blessing of his new wife occurred . the sultan has 12 children - five sons and seven daughters - from three different marriages . prince abdul malik is the sixth child of the sultan and his current wife , queen saleha , who wed in 1965 . part of the ceremony also saw royal guards entering the hall carrying ceremonial shields and spears . after the ceremony , there is expected to be a luxurious banquet in the palace 's hall , which can accommodate up to 5,000 guests . the wedding is taking place over a period of 11 days , and started on sunday , 5 april , with the royal marriage proposal ceremony . during this time , a representative of the groom approached the bride 's family with the groom 's intention of seeking the bride 's hand in marriage . this signalled the beginning of the ceremonial events , and has been followed by a ' powdering ' ceremony - when members of the families from both sides anoint the couple with powder and scented oil on the palms of their hand - and a gifting ceremony . royal guards stood in large numbers in the throne hall , carrying ceremonial shields and spears . in attendance were also ragad kurdi taib , wife of sarawak 's former chief minister abdul taib mahmud ( pictured left ) , and saudi arabia 's prince saud bin abdul mohsen bin abdul aziz ( pictured right ) . friends and family , people of nobility and international dignitaries attended the ceremony , as the couple sat beneath in their gilded thrones . the sultan of brunei was seen caressing his son 's hand while the blessing of the bride took place . the celebration will end on 15 april , with a ceremony of thanksgiving prayers . the location of the wedding , the dazzling istana nural iman palace is situated in brunei 's capital , bandar seri begawan . it is considered the largest residential palace in the world , with 1,788 rooms , five grand swimming pools , 257 bathrooms , and a 110-car garage . later brunei 's newlywed royal couple , changed into more opulent evening outfits for the wedding banquet . prince abdul swapped his gold wedding suit for ceremonial military dress , embellished with diamond epaulettes and collar . the newest member of the royal family changed into a beaded purple floor-length gown embroidered with silver thread for the wedding banquet . the newly-weds are seen walking in the throne hall in their matching gold traditional attire . the pair are sat in all their luxurious finery at the wedding ceremony , which took place at the sultan of brunei 's istana nural iman palace . the couple sat in the luxurious gilded thrones , wearing matching traditional attire during the lavish ceremony , part of the 11-day extravaganza . she added a diaphanous veil , which was topped with another stunning diamond tiara , set with rubies and a scarlet gem at its centre the size of a 20-pence piece . a matching necklace featuring a twisted diamond and ruby rope design glittered with tens of rubies , while a huge diamond and ruby brooch was party hidden by her veil . on her right hand was a large diamond ring in a platinum setting . she also changed her make-up , sporting red lipstick rather than the bridal pink at today 's ceremony . brunei 's newly wed royal couple , prince abdul malik and dayangku raabi'atul ' adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah , leave the royal wedding banquet at the nurul iman palace in bandar seri begawan april 12 , 2015 . malik is the son of brunei 's sultan hassanal bolkiah , one of the world 's richest men . the newest member of the royal family changed into a beaded purple gown for the wedding banquet . she wore a bedazzled veil , along with a stunning diamond necklace set with tens of rubies , and a matching crown set with a scarlet gem the size of a 20-pence piece . brunei is situated in the south east of asia , on the north coast of borneo , and is a large supplier of oil and gas . the sovereign state is located on a small section of the coast of the island - the rest occupied by malaysia and indonesia . the sultanate is a malay muslim absolute monarchy and dates back to the 15th century , having gained independence from the united kingdom in 1984 . prince abdul changed out of his gold wedding suit into ceremonial military dress , embellished with diamond epaulettes and collar . his new wife dazzled in a diamond and ruby crown , a matching necklace , a brooch , which was partly hidden by her diaphanous veil and a huge diamond ring in a platinum setting worn on her right hand .