eden hazard must make himself a killer or a bully to defenders if the chelsea winger is to be considered among the best in the world , insists gary neville . hazard is poised to win pfa player of the year as chelsea storm towards the barclays premier league title , but neville says cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi are ' in outer space ' by comparison . the former manchester united right-back feels hazard is on par with arjen robben , thomas muller , neymar , gareth bale and james rodriguez , but that he is not as ruthless as the rest . chelsea winger eden hazard must make himself a killer or a bully to defenders , insists gary neville . hazard is poised to win pfa player of the year as chelsea storm towards the premier league title . cristiano ronaldo pictured during a real madrid training session this week ahead of their la liga match . neville says ronaldo and barcelona star lionel messi are ' in outer space ' by comparison to other players . ' hazard needs to bully defenders more , become a killer , somebody who gives full-backs nightmares before they play against him , ' neville wrote in his daily telegraph column . ' and at 24 , now is the time for him to make those improvements . first of all , he needs to add ruthlessness to his game because he still lets too many defenders off the hook . ' as a right-back , i confess that hazard would have been a nightmare to play against because he has a low centre of gravity , loads of skill and trickery , two strong feet and the ability to spin in behind you . ' but he is not a bully in the manner of muller , neymar or robben , somebody who will keep coming at you , time and time again . i do not believe that hazard is capable of having a 46-goal season like ronaldo , but he can certainly hit the mid-20s . ' hazard is preparing to face arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday , when jose mourinho 's men can go one step closer to clinching the title . real madrid 's gareth bale comes at defenders time and time again , according to former right-back neville . neville regards barcelona 's neymar as a ruthless player who will come at defenders over and over . bayern munich 's arjen robben is another who hazard should try to become more like on the wing . thomas muller is classed in the same talent pool as hazard , robben and neymar , according to neville .