the family of a man who was cremated by mistake after a funeral home accidentally put a stranger 's body in his coffin have filed a lawsuit . jerry moon 's family only discovered the devastating blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag . while the body of the loving father - who was terrified of cremation - was accidentally incinerated at dahl mcvicker funeral home in kelso , washington state . the family of jerry moon , pictured with his wife janice , were distraught when they found another man 's body in his coffin . a lawsuit filed by the family claims the brown mortuary put the body of 97-year-old robert petitclerc in the coffin by mistake . the family is now seeking unspecified damages for emotional distress . chronically ill in his final years , mr moon began arranging for his funeral 16 years before his death in 2013 . the 72-year-old railroad conductor had paid $ 4,655 to be buried in a family plot in chehalis , washington , according to a lawsuit filed in lewis county superior court . the prepaid services also included embalming , a funeral and a graveside service . after he passed away at a hospice in longview on october 13 , the funeral home was responsible for transporting his body to the brown mortuary for a burial . but shawn briggs , an attorney representing moon 's family , said his identification bracelet had been placed on another body . jerry moon , pictured with at weyerhaeuser railroad where he worked for 28 years , was chronically ill in his final years and had began arranging for his funeral 16 years before his death in 2013 . born in chehalis , mr moon , a father and stepfather to six , spent most of his life in southwest washington . according to family members , mr moon 's funeral was a touching goodbye to the man they loved . at the end of the service , they opened the casket . but they were horrified to find the body of robert petitclerc - dressed in jerry moon 's clothes and with a picture of moon 's wife tucked under the pillow in the coffin . plastic had been wrapped round his head and face . ' this makes me feel like he was treated as a number , not a person , ' daughter cheryl moon told kirotv.com at the time . ' i turned around and said to myself three times , ' that 's not him , that 's not him , that 's not him , ' son randy moon told the station . the mistake is all the more surprising as mr moon was 72 and bald while mr petitclerc was 97 and had a full head of hair , the lawsuit said . ' it was horrifying , ' mr briggs told the seattle pi . the family , who had been given a bill of $ 8,834 by brown mortuary for the service , would only later learn that the mix up at the funeral home meant mr moon 's had been cremated . mr moon , pictured with wife janice , had paid $ 4,655 to be buried in a family plot in chehalis , washington , according to a lawsuit filed in lewis county superior court . grieving : moon 's son randy says he believes his father is in heaven , regardless of who was in the casket . sadly the discovery was even more upsetting for the family as mr moon had always been scared of cremation . ' he was afraid of cremation , ' mr briggs added . ' he had religious beliefs that were inconsistent with cremation . ' born in chehalis , mr moon , a father and stepfather to six , had spent most of his life in southwest washington . brown mortuary initially claimed the body was mr moon , but later admitted he had been cremated on october 17 , 2013 , by mistake , according to the lawsuit . the mortuary later sent a $ 92.72 refund check to janice moon . relatives have now filed a lawsuit against the two mortuaries that mishandled mr moon 's remains . it says the mortuary acted fraudulently and with malice in its handling of jerry moon 's body and conspired to cover-up the fact that mr moon had been mistakenly cremated . the mortuary is part of a funeral service chain owned by texas-based service corporation international . representative kim tarleton declined to comment on the allegations , saying it would be ' inappropriate to share any details about this situation . '