poundland has posted annual sales exceeding the £1billion mark for the first time in yet another sign of the discount stores ' sustained challenge to established supermarket retailers . the company , which began as a single shop in burton-on-trent 25 years ago , has become europe 's largest single-price discount retailer . the firm revealed yesterday total revenue over the 12-month period - excluding its spain interests - grew 11.8 per cent to just over £1.1 billion , breaking through the £1bn barrier for the first time and matching more established retailers such as wh smith . poundland has become europe 's largest single-price discount retailer , with a trial expansion into spain currently underway . profits are expected to be around £44million as the firm reaps the rewards from its 547 uk stores and 41 shops in ireland . with recession-era shopping habits entrenched , discount retailers are taking sales from britain 's ' big four ' supermarkets - transforming the british high street . ' discounters have always been part of the retail scene , catering for people who did n't have a lot of money , ' retail analyst clive black told the guardian . ' what happened was that in 2011 the uk became a country that did n't have a lot of money and bargain hunting became a national pastime and not just the preserve of people on low incomes . ' steve smith ( pictured ) founded poundland in 1990 then sold it for £50 million a decade later . poundland said it had opened 60 net new stores in the uk and ireland and had a strong pipeline of openings for the new year . on the back of yesterday 's figures , poundland 's chief executive jim mccarthy said : ' after a solid quarter of sales growth , poundland 's revenue for the 2015 financial year was over £1billion for the first time . ' despite tough trading conditions , poundland continues to perform well and we served an average of 5.3 million shoppers a week during the quarter . ' we managed our costs and cash well , and we expect underlying pre-tax profits to be in line with market expectations for the year as a whole . ' originally founded by entrepreneur steve smith in 1990 , the company snowballed from a small private enterprise into a high street revolution , which involved buying up unwanted stock and end-of-lines , then swiftly getting them into the shops to sell cheaply . this strategy has since been adopted by bargain chains such as aldi and lidl , all of which have eaten into a market once dominated by the supermarket chains such as waitrose , tesco and sainsbury 's . back then , shoppers were beginning to desert the high street for superstores , but mr smith and his poundland chain - which he sold in 2000 for £50million - were a lifeline that helped keep it afloat . steve smith grew up helping his father run a stall at bilston market in the west midlands , before opening his first poundland store in 1990 at the age of 18 . he has previously said his inspiration was his hardworking father , who ditched his job to become a trader when he realised it brought in more money . and it was at his father 's market stall he discovered the basics of business . most significantly , he realised the box contain cut-price items that had lost their packaging was particularly popular . the box formed the inspiration for poundland , and a few years later , he convinced a shopping centre in burton-on-trent to open a store , where he sold £13,000 of stock on the first day . by the time he sold his share of the company for £50million in 2000 , the business had a million customers a week and employed 6,000 people .