huw thomas ( pictured ) suggested on an online forum in 2006 that england flags were for a ' simpleton ' or a ' casual racist ' . a labour parliamentary candidate has apologised ' wholeheartedly ' for telling people to throw ' tippex ' over cars displaying england flags . huw thomas , the labour candidate in ceredigion , west wales , suggested on an online forum in 2006 that the flags were for a ' simpleton ' or a ' casual racist ' . he posted his views on a welsh language website called mais e writing during the 2006 world cup : ' i agree it is totally sickening the number of english flags to be seen around wales . ' it really shows the level our society has been infiltrated by immigrants who are n't ready to integrate . ' he also stated : ' i got the opportunity when i was offered an english flag for half price in whsmiths oxford to answer with the sentence : `` since i am neither a simpleton nor a casual racist i must decline your offer '' . ' mr thomas then had a suggestion for anyone annoyed by flags on cars . ' ... tippex - throw a bottle of the stuff over the car , it will look ridiculous - especially if it 's a shiny boy racer-ish car . ' it will take hours to clean it - or money in the car-wash and , without looking closely , it will look like bird poo ! ' mr thomas said he made the comments as ' a young student ' and he no longer held those views . in a statement he said : ' i apologise wholeheartedly for these comments , made while i was a young student . these are not my views now and i deeply regret writing this post online . ' every candidate at this election will have gone through a political journey . most will have said or thought things when they were young and at university , college or school that they now regret . this is certainly the case for me . ' the labour parliamentary candidate apologised ' wholeheartedly ' for telling people to throw ' tippex ' over cars displaying england flags ( file picture ) . he added that people in ceredigion ' deserve an mp that will admit when they are wrong ' . it comes after senior labour mp emily thornberry stood down in november after publishing a picture of a house in rochester draped in england flags . the mp for islington south and finsbury , in north london , took the snap while canvassing in the by-election in rochester and strood and was accused of being ' snobby ' and ' sneering down her nose ' at working class voters . labour mp emily thornberry stood down in november after publishing a picture of a house in rochester draped in england flags .  