he was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days and feared his al-qaeda linked captors would behead him . now more than two years since australian warren rodwell was finally staggered to freedom from the clutches of the filipino terror group abu sayyaf , he believes he may be in for another fight . in an interview with daily mail australia , mr rodwell said he fears the federal government will not award him victims of terror overseas compensation . scroll down for video . islamist militants posing as policemen abducted mr rodwell from his home in the philippines by gunpoint on december 5 , 2011 . he was released in march 2013 when his family managed to raise a ransom . abu sayyaf militants are pictured guarding an area prior to a meeting with the sulu government . under australian law , the survivors and families of victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $ 75,000 in compensation . but for that to happen , prime minister tony abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event . despite an official from the attorney-general 's department ( agd ) lauding his courage and referring a petition from him to mr abbott 's office , the kidnapping victim is sceptical it will see action . the agd did not place any timeframe on when he should expect mr abbott to decide on his case . ' the prime minister has no time for doing things like this , ' mr rodwell told daily mail australia - who attributed part of his situation to his low public profile . islamist militants posing as policemen abducted mr rodwell from his home in the philippines by gunpoint on december 5 , 2011 . he was released in march 2013 after his family managed to raise a significant ransom and has spent time since recovering from his physical and psychological injurie . mr rodwell ( right ) is escorted by philippine police officers as he arrives at a police station in pagadian city , on the southern island of mindanao early march 23 , 2013 , shortly after he was released by his islamic militant kidnappers . mr rodwell walked free on march 23 after being held for 15 months by islamic militants in the lawless southern philippines . a government media blackout was enforced during his captivity . the kidnapping victim said he was a ' little bitter ' this year that other australians trapped overseas have obtained considerable attention , including kalynda davis , the bali nine drug smugglers and journalist peter greste . ' i got no attention because i was n't female and i was n't a convicted drug smuggler and i was n't a recognised person in society - just one of these ordinary people . ' some of the ' declared terror events ' where australian victims or families are eligible for compensation include the september 11 attacks , bali and london bombings and the siege at the westgate mall in kenya . asio has officially declared abu sayyaf as a terrorist organisation . mr rodwell is hoping to use any compensation to pay back his brother and sister , who helped arrange the ransom payment that saved him . a spokeswoman for the attorney-general 's department said it does not comment on individual cases relating to the australian victims of terrorism overseas payment ( avtop ) . mr abbott 's office was approached for comment .