they are the easy-to-drink cocktails that come in pretty colours and sweet flavours . but do n't be fooled by their innocent appearance . these drinks often contain high amounts of alcohol and drinking too many of them can leave your head spinning ... or worse . scroll down for video . colourful cocktails are deceptively easy to drink but can sometimes contain vast quantities of alcohol . the zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum , lime juice , falernum , angostura bitters , pernod , grenadine , cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice . made with high-proof alcohol and hardly any mixers , these ten cocktails are sure to floor even the hardiest of drinker . from jungle juice and caribou lou to negroni , death in the afternoon and sazerac , femail reveals the 10 most alcoholic cocktails in the world . according to drinkaware.co.uk , men should not regularly drink more than three to four units of alcohol a day . women should not regularly drink more than two to three units a day . one alcohol unit equals one 25ml single measure of spirits . 1 . zombie . a smooth , fruity cocktail originally served heated , the zombie was concocted in the 1930s by donn beach , a restaurant owner in hollywood . the cocktail 's ingredients were a heavily guarded secret . however , according to the original recipe , published in drinks book sippin ' safari , the drink was made from three different kinds of rum , lime juice , falernum , angostura bitters , pernod , grenadine , and ' don 's mix , ' a combination of cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice . the cocktail is so strong that don the beachcomber restaurants limit their customers to two zombies apiece . what makes this so alcoholic ? three types of rum : 40 per cent abv . pernod : 40 per cent abv . angostura bitters : 44.7 per cent abv . 2 . jungle juice . this cocktail is made fresh fruits which have been steeped overnight in an entirely bottle of grain alcohol before being served up , in the style of punch , to unsuspecting drinkers . the recipe for this particular drink comes from the bartender’s black book by stephen kittredge cunningham . to bring down the alcohol levels , you can add a mixer like lemonade although this is frowned upon . connoisseurs say that when it is made correctly it does n't taste anything like alcohol at all . what makes this so alcoholic ? 1 litre bottle of grain alcohol : 95 per cent abv . 3 . death in the afternoon . a classic concoction of champagne and absinthe , this luxe cocktail was invented by ernest hemingway and is also called hemingway champagne . relatively simple to make , the recipe 's original instructions appear in 1935 cocktail book and were contributed by hemingway himself , who wrote : ' pour one jigger absinthe into a champagne glass . add iced champagne until it attains the proper opalescent milkiness . drink three to five of these slowly . ' the drink rarely appears on menus but can be ordered from bartenders . what makes this so alcoholic ? absinthe : 45 per cent abv . champagne : 12 per cent alcohol . jungle juice ( left ) is made by steeping fruits overnight in 100 per cent grain alcohol . this negroni ( right ) contains equal parts gin , campari and sweet vermouth . 4 . aunt roberta . considered by some to be the strongest cocktail in the world , this drink contains 100 per cent alcohol , with absolutely no mixers . gin , vodka , absinthe , brandy and blackberry liquor are mixed together in equal parts for a dastardly drink that will certainly pack a punch . according to folklore , the drink was created by the mixed-race daughter of a slave owner in 1800s alabama . roberta was said to have fled her abusive home before turning to prostitution . she then moved on to the moonshine business where she used to sell this drink to her customers looking to drown their sorrows . what makes this so alcoholic . gin : 40 per cent alcohol . vodka : 40 per cent alcohol . brandy : 40 per cent alcohol . blackberry liquor : 40 per cent alcohol . absinthe : 45 per cent alcohol . 5 . nicolashka . typically an after-dinner drink , the russian nicolashka comprises a double shot of vodka , espresso powder , lemon and sugar . the concoction is consumed by first putting the lemon , sugar and coffee in the mouth , before taking one shot of vodka . the mixture is kept in the mouth and slowly chewed before being swallowed . the second shot of vodka comes swiftly after . it 's a relatively simple drink but is strong , with drinkers claiming that keeping the alcohol in the mouth allows it to be absorbed faster into the blood stream . and while booze itself is said to slow the circulation , caffeine from the espresso , together with the vitamin c from the lemon , combine with the sugar to increase blood circulation , making the alcohol reach the brain swiftly . what makes this so alcoholic . vodka : 40 per cent abv . 6 . sazerac . there are various ways to make sazerac but once again the best recipe is in the drink bible the bartender’s black book . the recipe here calls for between two to four ounces of peychaud’s bitters and two ounces of rye whiskey , with one cube of sugar . but what elevates this cocktail is the coating of absinthe on the inside of the chilled glass , which adds extra potency to the drink . the higher the alcohol content of the whisky you use , the more lethal the drink becomes . what makes this so alcoholic . rye whiskey : 80 per cent abv . a bone dry martini , also known as pass the bottle , is made with pure gin or vodka and no vermouth . 7 . caribou lou . a surprisingly pleasant tasting drink made from 151 rum , pineapple juice and malibu , this may not be the most alcoholic cocktail on the list but as it’s incredibly easy to drink , it makes it dangerous because you can put quite a few away without realising it . 151 rum has a high alcohol content which can sneak up on you when mixed with pineapple juice , rendering you drunk before you even know it . what makes this so alcoholic ? 151 rum : 75.5 per cent abv . malibu : 35 per cent abv . 8 . long island ice tea . the sour mix and helping of cola disguise this college favourite’s potency . made with five types of alcohol – gin , vodka , tequila , rum and triple sec – this unbelievably alcoholic drink is made palatable by the addition of sweet soda and sour mix ( typically made from equal parts lemon juice and sugar syrup ) . what makes this so alcoholic ? gin : 40 per cent abv . vodka : 40 per cent abv . tequila : 40 per cent abv . rum : 40 per cent abv . triple sec : 40 per cent abv . caribou lou ( left ) made from 151 rum , pineapple juice and malibu . the higher the alcohol content of the whisky you use in a sazarac ( right ) the more lethal the drink becomes . death in the afternoon is a champagne and absinthe cocktail created by ernest hemingway . 9 . bone dry martini . one of the oldest cocktails around , a martini is made using either gin or vodka with the addition of vermouth , a fortified wine which has a low alcohol content . removing the vermouth from this mix makes this drink bone dry ; possibly one of the most alcoholic drinks you can get as it 's made with 100 per cent alcohol . the drink is also known as pass the bottle . what makes this so alcoholic ? gin : 40 per cent abv . vodka : 40 per cent abv . 10 . negroni . this classic italian cocktail made with gin , campari and sweet vermouth . it 's a mind-blowing drink which can tip you over the edge if you have more than one . the only non-alcoholic addition to this cocktail is its orange garnish , which adds a zesty zing to the pleasantly bitter taste . what makes this so alcoholic ? gin : 40 per cent abv . campari : 25 per cent abv . vermouth : 15 per cent abv . a variation of the zombie , this cuban zombie ( left ) is made with three types of aged rum and passion fruit syrup . a long island ice tea has five types of alcohol - gin , vodka , tequila , rum and triple sec - in it . negroni with an orange twist garnish . sazerac . ingredients : you have three base alcohol choices - 30ml bourbon and 30ml brandy or 60ml bourbon or 60ml rye whiskey ; 15ml sugar syrup , three dashes creole bitters and 5ml absinthe . method : choose your base alcohol then mix with the sugar syrup , creole bitters . rinse the glass with absinthe before pouring out your drink . twist a lemon peel over the drink before discarding . negroni . ingredients : 25ml gin ; 25ml sweet vermouth ; 25ml campari ; orange wedge or peel to garnish . method : shake all the ingredients together before serving in a chilled glass . garnish with an orange wedge . long island iced tea . ingredients : 15ml vodka ; 15ml rum ; 15ml gin ; 15ml triple sec ; 30ml lemon juice ; 15ml sugar syrup ; dash of cola ; lemon wedge . method : shake all the alcohol in a glass , top with the sour mix ( lemon juice and sugar syrup ) and dash of cola . garnish with a lemon wedge . you could make variations of this classic drink by swapping gin for bourbon ( kentucky ) or midori for triple sec ( japanese ) . cuban zombie . ingredients : 25ml havana especial ; 25ml havana 3 year ; 25ml havana 7 year ; 10ml maraschino liqueur ; 10ml passionfruit syrup ; 10ml grenadine ; 15ml lime juice ; 45ml pineapple juice ; dash aromatic bitter ; two barspoons havana de maestros rum to float on top ; mint sprig and half a passionfruit to garnish . method : mix all the ingredients in a shaker ( except for the barspoons of havana de maestros ) . pour into glass before topping with the two barspoons of rum you set aside . garnish with a mint sprig and passion fruit . recipes contributed by be at one cocktail bar . 