for most of the country , spring is already in full force . but chilly temperatures in the northeast have kept snow on the ground well into april . one family on new york 's long island were even able to keep a snowman alive until this weekend , when their frosty finally melted in 70-degree temperatures . but before the snowman withered away , he became somewhat of an internet celebrity , with more than 3,000 people liking the page the family dedicated to their carrot-nosed friend on facebook . scroll down for video . until next year ! a family on new york 's long island tried to keep this snowman alive for as long as possible , but the frosty melted this weekend when 70-degree temperatures hit the area . remnants : the fregoe family took a small ball of ice from the snowman to store in the freezer until next winter , when he will come to life again . mike fregoe of massapequa park says he and his family built the snowman in january , when it grew to be more than 9-feet tall . since then , the snowman 's height has fluctuated as late winter storms have continued to dump snow even into march . he says he has kept the snowman alive with his teen daughter rebecca . ' it started out as a small project for fun , and it 's morphed into the ongoing snow saga , and it 's a great thing that makes everybody smile and happy , and we 're having fun with it still , ' mr fregoe told cbs new york last week . keeping winter alive : mike fregoe went to a local park every day to collect melting snow by the bucket-full to add to his snowman . last ditch effort : mr fregoe pictured adding to the snowman last week , when the weather was so warm he was wearing a tank top . but since the beginning of april , the snowman began shrinking and the family started a facebook page asking for ' snownations ' to keep their beloved frosty alive . ' i won’t take snow from an ice skating rink or any artificial snow , ' mr fregoe said . ' the only way this guy is going to stay alive is with the snow from this winter . ' mr fregoe says he 's received snow from people visiting the snowman from as far away as vermont , as well as closer communities like the hamptons . the fregoes also did a lot of the work themselves , taking daily trips to the park to shovel melting snow by the bucket load . ups and downs : above , pictures of the fregoe 's snowman this winter , when he climbed to 9-feet tall after a late january snow storm . in his natural environment : the snowman pictured above on march 20 , in the midst of a spring snowstorm . getting a tan : frosty sports a hat for st patrick 's day on the left , and is shielded from the sun on the right with an umbrella . to protect the snowman from melting faster , they also shaded him with an umbrella and comically added a bottle of suntan lotion to one of his twig arms . last week , when mr fregoe spoke with cbs , temperatures had risen so much that he was shoveling snow in a tank top . the family finally gave up on frosty on sunday , after the snowman weathered 70-degree temperatures the day before . the announced the end of the snowman 's relatively long life on facebook . ' we have so much enjoyed meeting all you wonderful people that stopped by , called , e-mailed or posted on facebook to us ! we are honored to have become part of your lives , heard your stories ... even invited you into our home . i never could have imagined the save the snowman idea becoming all that it has become . it has been one great ride ... thank you all so very much ! ... and do n't be shy ... say hi when u go by , we do n't need a snowman to remind us that a smile and a wave goes a long way ! ' the family is currently storing a small ball of ice in their freezer to start a new snowman next winter . 