switzerland is the world 's happiest nation thanks to healthy gdp figures , strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy , a new study of global wellbeing has revealed . the list is dominated by european nations , particularly those in scandinavia , and measures a country 's population by factors contributing to its citizens ' contentment , rather than wealth . britons are happier now than they were two years ago , the study found , but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place . and despite often mocking its northern neighbour as an inferior nation , the united states is a full 10 places below canada , ranking at 10th and fifth respectively . unsurprisingly the world 's least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty - with syria , burundi and togo taking their place at the bottom of the 158-nation strong list . celebration : switzerland is the world 's happiest nation thanks to healthy gdp figures , strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy , a new study of global wellbeing has revealed . spectacular : icelandic citizens are now so happy that the country jumped from number nine in 2013 to number two this year , thanks in part to their well beautiful scenery ( pictured ) and cultural history . the 2015 world happiness report is the third of its kind and is edited by a team of renowned academics and analysts - among them american economist jeffrey sachs and head of the london school of economics ' ' wellbeing ' programme , richard laynard . first published in 2012 , the study uses a range of factors to determine how happy a nation is , ranging from purely domestic perspectives - such as gdp and life expectancy figures - to how its citizens view themselves and their country within the world at large . 1 . switzerland 6 . finland . 2 . iceland 7 . netherlands . 3 . denmark 8 . sweden . 4 . norway 9 . new zealand . 5 . canada 10 . australia . this year 's study is the first to additionally break the statistics down by age and gender , however , with it possible for readers to find , for example , that a country ranking relatively highly overall , has a hidden population of deeply unhappy young women concerned about equal rights and pay . the top 10 on the list is dominated by nations from scandinavia - which are unsurprisingly also among the wealthiest on the planet too . equally unsurprising are the countries lower at the bottom of the list - almost all of which are in the midst by bloody civil war , political unrest or crushing poverty . one surprising anomaly , however , is palestine , which came just below the midway point in the study at number 108 , despite being ravaged by conflict . happiness : the top 10 on the list is dominated by nations from scandinavia . citizens of these countries , such as swedish nationals ( pictured ) are unsurprisingly also among the wealthiest on the planet too . fierce rivalry : despite often mocking their northern neighbour as an inferior nation , u.s. nationals ( left ) are a full 10 places below canadians ( right ) , ranking at 10th and fifth respectively . low ranking : unsurprisingly the world 's least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty - with syria ( pictured ) burundi and togo taking their place at the bottom of the 158-nation strong list . the idea of assessing nations by the citizens level of happiness , rather than simply by wealth , is something promoted by the eu , who consider it a more accurate representation of the population as a whole . while many of the study 's headline findings were relatively predictable , the wellbeing test becomes far more interesting when experts being analysing the biggest rises and falls . 149 . chad 154 . rwanda . 150 . guinea 155 . benin . 151 . ivory coast 156 . syria . 152 . burkina faso 157 . burundi . 153 . afghanistan 158 . togo . greece , which is crippled by national debt and faces an increasingly uncertain future , is by far the fastest declining nation on the list . other european nations that suffered the worst during the global recession , such as spain and italy , have also plummeted in the happiness stakes . recent economic difficulties do not guarantee a country tumbling down the rankings , however . both ireland and iceland suffered financial woes towards the end of the last decade , but the wellbeing of their populations appear to have been more affected by improvements in health and social issues . in fact icelandic citizens are now so happy that the country has jumped from number nine in 2013 to number two , pushing the world 's previously most happy nation , denmark , down into third place thanks their country 's perceived level of generosity , as well beautiful scenery and cultural history .