two base jumpers who broke their backs and were told they may never walk again after they fell 500ft have started jumping again . austin carey , 23 , and jay rawe , 25 , plummeted onto a riverbank when their parachutes tangled at the perrine bridge , idaho , and were left badly injured . but a year later , after intensive recovery , both men have returned to the sport they love - and mr carey has even retraced his steps to successfully jump from the bridge . austin carey ( bottom ) and jay rawe ( right ) were left with broken vertebrae after a base jump off pennine bridge in idaho went wrong and the fall almost killed them , one year on both have returned to the sport . mr carey was told he may never walk again after being injured , but he recovered to return to the jump this year . the pair had been attempting a risky ' totem pole waterfall ' manoeuvre when jay lost his balance and pulled out his friend 's parachute and landed inside of it . the jump on march 24 last year was being recorded by spectators and they watched as the pair spiraled to the beach below . stunned spectators - who recorded the near-fatal fall - could only gasp in horror as they spiralled onto the beach below . both suffered fractures to the spine - and mr carey was told he might not walk again . last month - almost a year to the day - the 23-year-old retraced his steps by successfully base jumping again from the perrine bridge . he said : ' it was such an amazing feeling to be back there after everything i had been through and all the work i have put into making my dream of jumping again a reality . mr rawe suffered fractures to his spine after he plummeted 500ft to a river bank when the fall went wrong . ' because of what happened to jay and me i 've accepted death as a possibility - but i ca n't dream of a life without doing what i love . ' mr carey , of fort wayne , indiana , has no memory of the fall but mr rawe remembers it clearly . he said : ' i remember standing on austin 's shoulders and getting ready while our friends held him there . ' austin gave the 3-2-1 countdown and i remember falling backwards and trying to jump onto the handrail , missing it , hitting the diving board and starting to flip . ' i grabbed his pilot chute and tried to unwrap his bridle from around my leg . i then landed in his parachute , looked up and saw the sky above me and his canopy flapping around . as mr carey jumped off the ledge of the bridge , mr rawe ( left , top ) got his foot stuck on the railings , the pair then began to tumble towards the river bank 500ft below ( right ) without their parachutes opening properly . as they fell mr rawe got stuck in mr carey 's parachute ( left ) and the pair got closer to the ground ( right ) . by standers saw mr rawe trying to untangle himself from the parachute ( left ) and mr carey a crumpled heap ( right ) after the pair spiraled at speed towards the ground below the base jumping site . ' the sound was significantly different from any other base jump and i remember thinking how i needed to get out of that position . ' i kicked my feet over my head , fell out , and remember spinning at the ground as it got closer and knowing that we were gon na hit . ' next thing i remember is waking up and sitting upright to catch the breath that had been knocked out of me . there were people all around , calling the emergency services , making sure we were staying still . ' the pair were taken to hospital and had to undergo emergency 10-hour surgeries . mr rawe added : ' seeing it on film the first few times made my stomach drop out like i was riding a roller-coaster . ' mr carey was recovering in hospital weeks after the fall and said moving his legs caused him immense pain . both men had to undergo emergency 10-hour surgery for injuries to their backs , mr rawe 's is shown . he suffered fractures and damage to his vertebrae and a sprained right ankle in which the ligament was completely ' torn off the bone ' . mr carey 's injuries were more serious . he fractured his vertebrae , and suffered an incomplete spinal cord injury . some of his vertebrae was almost split in half by the impact . the pair had done almost 500 base-jumps between them when they were injured . mr carey had to have a thumbnail-sized piece of bone removed from his spinal cord and mr rawe had some of his vertebrae fused with titanium . while mr rawe , from florida , battled back onto his feet within a few weeks mr carey faced the prospect of never walking again . after months of rehabilitation mr carey started to improve and became determined to get walking again . the base jumper was left in a wheelchair and began undergoing painful therapy to learn to walk again . after seven months in a wheelchair mr carey was able to walk again , having trained in his high school pool . he spent three months in a back brace and seven months in a wheelchair , taking every opportunity to workout in his high-school swimming pool to strengthen his body . he said : ' the recovery process was insane . at first i could barely get out of bed because of the pain . the whole time i would feel severe nerve pain that would make me scream in agony for hours . it felt as though someone was holding a taser to my legs . ' he was treated at the saint alphonsus regional medical center hospital , idaho and mr rawe at st luke 's magic valley medical center , twin falls and tampa general hospital , florida . almost a year to the day of the near fatal jump mr austin returned to the bridge to do it again successfully . the 23-year-old avid base jumper says he wants to continue the sport and may next try wing suit base jumping . this time there were no problems and the 23-year-old sailed to the ground , determined to continue the sport . both have now made unexpected recoveries and returned to base jumping , despite being involved in the near-fatal accident . mr carey , a fitness coach , said his mother raised concerns about him returning to the sport . he said : ' she is the strongest , most giving person i will ever meet . if something happened to me again i ca n't imagine what she would go through . but she knows how much this means to me and how much joy it gives me . ' mr carey said he plans next to try wing suit base jumping . mr rawe made a remarkable recovery from the fall and around six months later was back base jumping . the 25-year-old began base jumping last october and went to fayetteville in west virginia to base jump . in october 2014 mr rawe returned to the sport at fayetteville , west virginia , and said he has no plans to put down his parachute . ' giving it up never really seemed like an option to me , ' he said . ' my family would like me to stop out of the fear that i will injure myself again - but life is too short to not do the things that i love . ' 