los angeles kings forward jarret stoll was arrested on friday in las vegas , nevada , on drug possession charges , and looked wide-eyed and alert in his mugshot . stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , a former espn employee who now works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports . the nhl player was arrested for possession of cocaine and mdma , also known as molly , at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand hotel shortly before 5pm . on monday tmz sports added that the athlete was trying to smuggle over three grams of cocaine and over eight grams of mdma by hiding them in his board shorts . scroll down for video . jarret stoll , 32 ( left ) , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , 36 ( right ) . he looked bright-eyed and alert in a mugshot taken friday evening in las vegas . stoll ( seen partying at the mgm grand in 2014 after the kings stanley cup win ) was arrested on friday in las vegas , nevada , on drug possession charges . he was arrested for possession of cocaine at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand ( above ) . stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in hermosa beach , california during the offseason , with the kings later saying they did not know what caused the incident . stoll , who will make a cameo in the upcoming film version of the popular hbo show entourage , was booked into the clark county detention center and was listed as having a hearing on saturday after posting $ 5,000 bail . the charges include possession of class 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 controlled substances , including cocaine and ecstasy . michael pariente , a las vegas criminal defense lawyer , says that stoll will likely be offered a plea deal as a first time offender . speaking with tsn , he said ; ' it 's pretty much a slap on the wrist . even if he was going to represent himself they 'd make him an offer like this . ' this would include a $ 1,000 fee , an online drug awareness course , and possibly community service . stoll was likely at the mgm grand to attend the two year anniversary of their popular club hakkasan friday evening , an event that featured tiesto and brought out christina aguilera . in both 2012 and 2014 , stoll headed to the mgm grand to celebrate the end of the hockey season with his kings teammates . it seems that stoll went on a date with andrews on thursday night , as she posted a photo of a romantic-looking candle that was seemingly taken at italian restaurant la sosta enoteca in manhattan beach , california , on her instagram page , and a fan snapped a photo with stoll earlier in the day in the same neighborhood . the caption , which did not mention stoll by name , read : ' always a great date night ' . andrews posted a photo of a candle that was seemingly taken at italian restaurant la sosta enoteca in manhattan beach , california , on her instagram page on thursday . that location is four hours from vegas . andrews sparked engagement rumors after she posted an instagram of her wearing a large ring in march . a fan snapped this photo with stoll on thursday in california . stoll had 17 points in 73 games this season and was a member of the kings ' stanley cup championship teams in 2012 and 2014 . he has been with the team since 2008 , but will become an unrestricted free agent on july 1 . the kings failed to qualify for postseason play after winning the stanley cup last year and in 2012 . the team said in a statement following stoll 's arrest : ' we are aware of police reports out of clark county , nevada regarding jarret stoll . ' our organization is concerned and has begun conducting a thorough internal investigation . ' while we continue to actively gather facts , we are withholding further comment at this time . ' veteran had 17 points in 73 games this season and was a member of the kings ' recent stanley cup teams . andrews , 36 , sparked engagement rumors after she posted an instagram of her wearing a very large , square-cut diamond ring last month . fans thought the picture meant stoll had proposed , but andrews said the ring was on loan . ' i 've definitely dropped hints here and there , ' the fox broadcaster shared with abc news in july . ' but we have n't looked at rings ... nothing there yet , the ball 's in his court . ' she added : ' but no we are fine ! we 've had enough on our plate for the last two years of dating and have n't really gone there yet . ' he was previously engaged to actress and model rachel hunter , the former wife of singer rod stewart , and dated actress katie cassidy . stoll broke off his engagement with hunter just seven weeks before they were supposed to be married .