the three east london schoolgirls who fled the uk for syria have joined a fearsome group of british female jihadis who run the lslamic state 's ultra-religious police force , it has been reported . shamima begum and amira abase , both 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 , crossed over the turkish-syrian border last february and are believed to be living in the syrian city of raqqa . begum has forged social media links with three of the british leaders of the al-khansa brigade – an all-women militia set up by the terror group a year ago – and it is understood the trio are now training with one of the notorious females arms of isis . covered in black from head-to-toe and wielding automatic weapons , the group has been accused of doling out savage beatings on the streets of raqqa and spying on its citizens . they are said to mercilessly patrol the streets of the terror group 's adopted capital and has previously declared children as young as nine should be married , women should obey men – who are their masters – and remain ' hidden and veiled ' at all times . scroll down for video . exodus : amira abase ( left ) , 15 , and kadiza sultana ( right ) , 16 , also travelled to istanbul from uk on february 17 before reportedly entering syria - where they could now be under the control of deadly female insurgents . life of terror : 15-year-old shamima begum ( pictured ) - one of three british teenagers who is now believed to be inside syria - contacted aqsa mahmood who is considered to be one of the leaders of brutal all-woman militant group al-khansa . extreme beliefs : the al-khansa brigade ( pictured with automatic weapons ) has said children as young as nine should be encouraged to marry and it is women 's duty to obey men - who are their masters . armed patrol : chilling footage from inside isis ' adopted capital raqqa revealed how the notorious women of al-khansa patrol the streets with automatic weapons - while tending to their toddlers . according to syrian activist group raqqa is being slaughtered silently , the female fanatics are feared by local women , particularly due to their use of torture . the activist group claim imprisoned women are tortured using a device known as ' the biter ' , a iron bar with sharp jagged edges . placed on the helpless woman’s chest , the serrated edges of the bar are pressed into the woman 's skin , causing deep lacerations . such is the violence of the torture , some women reportedly slip into unconsciousness due to the pain . aqsa mahmoud , a 20-year-old woman from glasgow who fled to syria in 2013 , is reportedly the leader of an al khansaa group known as ' om amara ' . om amara is reportedly a female foreign battalion , with just two arabic speakers who mercilessly patrol the streets of raqqa . begum made contact with mahmood , known as umm layth , on social media prior to departing for turkey . begum also used her twitter account to follow two other members of the al-khansa brigade known only by their islamic names umm khattab and umm waqqas . in one of her recent tweets , umm waqqas advised british women on marriage in the islamic state saying they should choose their jihadi fighters carefully and not to marry any ' tom dick or harry ' . the british women jihadists in syria have conducted a sustained recruitment campaign in the last few months and are thought to operate a woman-only jihadi route for european girls who are groomed to leave their western lives for the caliphate . they use social media , including tumblr , twitter and ask.fm to publish detailed , practical advice about how to adapt to life in islamic state and suggest essential items that the teenage wannabe-jihadists will find useful when they arrive . privately-educated glaswegian mahmood - along with lewisham-born khadijah dare , 22 - are thought to be helping patrol raqqa with guns and daggers hidden beneath their robes . terror leader : aqsa mahmood ( pictured ) , who was reported missing by her scottish parents in 2013 , is now a prominent member of a dangerous all-woman police force that dishes out savage beatings on the streets of raqqa , syria . shocking : in 2014 , aqsa mahmood posted this photograph of her holding the severed head of a syrian man executed for criminal acts in syria as young children looked on . trained to kill : one of the halane twins , who fled to syria to marry isis fighters , tweeted this picture with the caption : ' fun day training for self defence in the islamic state with humble sisters ' . wrong hands : the three teenagers who recently fled to syria are feared to be with the al-khansa brigade , who have been accused of oppressively monitoring the behaviour of women in the city . the group operates as an ultra-oppressive police force monitoring the behaviour of females in the city and dishing out brutal punishments to anyone wearing shoes that are n't black , or those wearing veils made from the wrong material . mahmood recently advised that the syrian winter was even colder than what she had experienced in her native scotland and suggested ' winter woolies ' were an essential . seventeen-year-old british jihadi twins salma and zahra halane from manchester , who left for syria in june last year , are thought to be with older british women who have taken on matriarchal roles within the group . they have been posting pictures on their twitter accounts showing four al-khansa women - veiled and armed with automatic weapons - undertaking ' self defence ' training . umm khattab started a twitter account on june 27 - the day after zahra and salma halane went missing from their home in manchester to head for syria . jihadi brides : zahra and salma halane , 17 , left their home in chorlton , manchester , to join the al-khansa brigade in syria in june last year - after becoming radicalised online . shooting practice : one of the twins tweeted an image showing the women of al-khansa practising with their automatic weapons while dressed head-to-toe in black niqabs . brain washed : the halane twins have posted a number of pictures on their accounts where they are dressed completely in black and brandishing deadly weapons - just like their al-khansa sisters . path of extremism : yusra hussein ( pictured ) , 16 , was also reported to have arrived in syria in october and is also thought to have been mentored by british jihadists . she later tweeted : ' missing twins – chilling with one of them now ' , adding she had met ' many british girls ' since arriving in syria . the female branch of isis also released an eye-opening manifesto stating western women who join the terror group have a duty to wed a jihadi – then spend their life cooking , cleaning and raising a family . two other british schoolgirls , yusra hussien , 16 , from bristol and samya dirie , 17 , from south london , who were reported to have arrived in syria last october , are also thought to have been mentored by the british jihadists . brutal patrols : the duties of the all-woman jihadi group include the strict enforcement of sharia law dress code as well as searching burka-clad women to ensure they are not enemy fighters in disguise . jihadi bride : another briton who left britain to join isis is lewisham-born khadijah dare ( left , with her swedish terrorist husband abu bakr ) . muslim society : members of the all-female al-khansa brigade are seen walking in their adopted capital of raqqa in syria . security services say that 600 british muslims have gone to fight in syria and around 60 of them are young women . according to the terrorism research and analysis consortium , a us-based monitoring group , al-khansa was set up by isis commanders in raqqa , northern syria , in february last year . its members dress in black robes , wear a full face veil and are paid a monthly salary of 25,000 syrian pounds - about £100 . their duties include the strict enforcement of sharia law dress code as well as searching burka-clad women to ensure they are not enemy fighters in disguise . uniform : al-khansa 's members dress in black robes , wear a full face veil and are paid a monthly salary of 25,000 syrian pounds - about £100 . deadly : british members of the female militant group are the most extreme members of the group and are responsible making barbaric threats against britain . mahmood , who once studied radiography at glasgow caledonian university , is regarded as one of the leaders of the group of british female jihadists . she was reported missing by her parents over a year ago before surfacing in syria last february as an outspoken supporter of the terrorist group . in her tweets , she urged muslim men and women who could not come to fight to instead commit terrorist atrocities at home , praising the brutal murder of fusilier lee rigby in woolwich , the bombing of the boston marathon and the shooting of soldiers at fort hood in texas . ' if you can not make it to the battlefield , then bring the battlefield to yourself , ' she tweeted .