former virginia first lady maureen mcdonnell who has been found guilty of corruption now says she did not receive a fair trial . her attorneys argued monday in a 101-page court filing that mrs mcdonnell 's public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery . mcdonnell and her husband , former gov . bob mcdonnell , were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. ceo jonnie williams in exchange for promoting his company 's nutritional supplements . scroll down for video . last-ditch effort : former virginia first lady ( pictured in february ) maureen mcdonnell 's attorneys argued that her public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery . downfall : mcdonnell , pictured in february , and her husband , former gov . bob mcdonnell , were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. ceo jonnie williams . among the gifts were almost $ 20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for maureen mcdonnell , vacations , golf outings and $ 15,000 for a daughter 's wedding . bob mcdonnell was sentenced in february to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day , but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals . maureen mcdonnell 's legal team argued that her trial was unfair due a number of mistakes made by the presiding federal district court judge . the lawyers stated in their brief that ' at the very least , ' maureen mcdonnell should be granted a new trial . maureen mcdonnell was a onetime washington redskins cheerleader who was known for her work with military families . her father was in the marines and her husband was in the army . bob mcdonnell was a former state attorney general who became chairman of the republican governors association and he was widely considered a possible mitt romney running mate before the scandal broke . a six-week jury trial exposed details of the mcdonnells ' strained marriage , and detailed the loans and gifts they took from williams . ' how can a person become so bedazzled by material possessions that she can no longer see the difference between what 's appropriate and inappropriate , ' spencer said . fighting back tears , maureen mcdonnell apologized to her family and virginians . disgraced : bob mcdonnell , pictured outside us district court for the eastern district of virginia in january , was sentenced in february to two years in prison . lawyers for both bob mcdonnell and his wife argued in separate briefs that the favors he did for williams did not amount to ' official acts ' covered by federal bribery law . ' i would ask in your sentence today that you consider the punishment i 've already received , ' she said . ' my marriage is broken , my family is hurting and my reputation is in shatters . ' at bob mcdonnell 's sentencing , judge james spencer described williams — who testified under immunity for the prosecution — as a ' serpent ' that maureen let into the executive mansion . maureen mcdonnell , who according to her lawyer had developed a ' crush ' on williams , said spencer was right . ' the venom from that snake has poisoned my marriage , has poisoned my family and has poisoned the commonwealth that i love , ' she said . ' i opened the door , and i blame no one but myself . ' lawyers for both bob mcdonnell and his wife argued in separate briefs that the favors he did for williams did not amount to ' official acts ' covered by federal bribery law . according to maureen mcdonnell 's appeal , judge spencer gave the jury an overly broad definition of ' official act , ' and in what her lawyers described as an ' orwellian moment , ' the prosecution extended it to the governor 's wife to prove conspiracy between the spouses , even though she was never a government official , reported the richmond times-dispatch . her sentence was less than the 18 months sought by prosecutors . defense attorneys had asked for probation and 4,000 hours of community service . 