teachers are set to call for ' play in the curriculum ' for schoolchildren up to seven as this is more suitable than educating them in a formal way . many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five , according to the national union of teachers ( nut ) . at its annual conference in harrogate , it will say schools should follow the lead of countries like finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times . teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills . they want the uk to follow the lead of countries such as finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons . it is also likely to say lunch and break times are being used for ' coaching and cramming ' , depriving youngsters of their ' fundamental human right to play ' with their classmates . a resolution due to be put forward at the conference says : ' primary schools are now being driven more and more towards a test and accountability culture which in turn makes them drive children of primary age to be educated in a formal way . ' it goes on to suggest learning through play is known to help youngsters develop vital communication and social skills and that 'over-formalisation of learning can cause disaffection with school ' . the motion calls on the nut to support play in the curriculum at key stage 1 ( five to seven-year-olds ) ' to reflect the needs of the children ' . speaking ahead of the conference , nut general secretary christine blower said many children are not ready for the ' formal sitting down ' and ' come on let 's do some work stage '' before they are seven . ' there is a question about whether we 're expecting children to do things they 're not developmentally ready for , ' she said . the resolution , set to be heard on saturday , also says : ' lunchtime and break times are being used for coaching and cramming sessions , thus depriving primary age children of their fundamental human right to play and have free time to socialise with their peers . ' the motion calls on the nut to support play for five to seven-year-olds ' to reflect the needs of the children ' . the un convention on the rights of the child says children have the right to play and rest , it adds . ms blower said : ' in finland , there are 45-minute lessons and then they have a break . between each teaching session they have a break . one thing about our children is that , relatively speaking , they are rushed from pillar to post . not so much in primary school , but in secondary school . ' having a break between lessons gives a bit of space to reflect on the lesson they 've just had . ' the motion calls on the nut to campaign in england and wales for new laws to ensure children have a right to appropriate breaks and lunchtimes . the resolution comes amid growing debate over what children should learn , with politicians and education experts increasingly calling for schools to teach values such character , teamwork and resilience alongside academic subjects .