a 1921 application form to join the racist ku klux klan organisation has emerged , which asks ‘ are you of the white race or of a colored race ? ’ the form asks a further 19 questions ranging from the mundane , such as ‘ what is your age ? ’ , to the overtly sinister – ‘ do you believe in white supremacy ? ’ at the top is an introduction implying that it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits . scroll down for video . a 1921 application form to join the racist ku klux klan organisation has emerged . the form was purchased at an ephemera show – where collectibles are sold – by delaware rare book dealer ian brabner , whose firm , rare americana , buys and sells 18th to early 20th century rare books and historical manuscripts . in a blog post brabner explained that the numbers ‘8-2-21’ in the top left corner of the unused form would have stood for the date – august 2 , 1921 . he wrote : ‘ you can assume there’s a fair amount of xenophobic sentiment and anxiety about the waves of immigration to america , in 1921 , post world-war one . ‘ on may 9 , 1921 , this was evidenced when congress passed the emergency quota act , aka , the emergency immigration act of 1921 to counter the increased immigration to america . ’ the form is ominously titled ‘ invisible empire’ , an alternative name for the clan at the time , born from founder nathan bedford forrest’s claim that the group was ‘invisible’ . the kkk was founded in 1866 in tennessee , with nathan bedford forrest becoming the first leader , or grand wizard , in 1867 . pictured are clan members in 1965 . the kkk 's membership peaked in the 1920s at around four million . today it 's thought to number in the low thousands . it then says ‘ we have been requested by one of your personal friends to get in touch with you , and inform you of this organisation’ , before listing 20 questions to be answered . they also include ‘ do you believe in the principles of a pure americanism ? ’ , ‘ are you a gentile or jew ? ’ and ‘ were your parents born in the united states of america ? ’ the kkk was founded in 1866 in tennessee , with forrest becoming the first leader , or grand wizard , in 1867 . its membership peaked in the 1920s at around four million . today it 's thought to number in the low thousands , with most people affiliated with it living in america 's deep south . it was recently revealed , meanwhile , that california had more active hate groups than any other state last year . according to the southern poverty law center ( splc ) , california has 57 such groups , followed by florida with 50 , new york with 44 , new jersey with 40 , and pennsylvania with 38 . rounding out the top five were texas with 36 hate groups , tennessee with 29 , georgia with 28 , and virginia and ohio tied with 27 each . hawaii and alaska were the only states to not have any hate groups , according to the splc . the organization said on its website ' all hate groups have beliefs or practices that attack or malign an entire class of people , typically for their immutable characteristics . ' this list was compiled using hate group publications and websites , citizen and law enforcement reports , field sources and news reports . ' websites appearing to be merely the work of a single individual , rather than the publication of a group , are not included in this list , ' the organization wrote . ' listing here does not imply a group advocates or engages in violence or other criminal activity . ' nationally , the splc said in its ' the year in hate and extremism ' report , which was published online this spring , that there were a total 784 active hate groups in the us . the non-profit said there were 72 ku klux klan groups , 142 neo-nazi groups , 115 white nationalist groups , 119 racist skinhead groups , 21 christian identity groups , 37 neo-confederate groups , 113 black separatist groups , and 165 general hate groups . 