a jealous husband who fatally stabbed his ex-wife in the heart after discovering she had been using dating websites has been found guilty of murder . lorna mccarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death at the hands of barry mccarthy , the man she had spent 25 years with before their separation four months earlier . mrs mccarthy , 50 , sent a series of messages to friends and family on september 27 , including one to her daughter saying she did n't know ' what he is capable of these days ' . she urged her daughter to call the police if she did not hear from her the next day - but it was never received . lorna mccarthy ( left ) was stabbed through the heart by her husband barry mccarthy ( right ) last september . the couple , who were still sharing a home in gorleston-on-sea , norfolk , but sleeping in separate bedrooms , had had an argument . mccarthy , 51 , had previously found out his wife was using dating websites . but she had agreed to take her profile down after he confronted her , norfolk police said . but in the early hours of september 28 , mrs mccarthy revealed she did not want to try to save the relationship , norwich crown court heard . a little later , he entered her bedroom and stabbed her 13 times , according to the eastern daily press . a post-mortem examination later revealed she had died from a stab wound to the heart . mccarthy then handed himself into police , telling them he had killed his wife , the court heard . when officers went to their home , they found mrs mccarthy - who her daughter described to the bbc as a ' very colourful ' and 'well-known ' - in the back bedroom . mccarthy will be sentenced on may 1 , after being found guilty of murder at norwich crown court . mccarthy pleaded not guilty to murder on the grounds of diminished responsibility . but a jury today found him guilty of murder following a eight-day trial . detective chief inspector paul durham said : ' this was a horrific and brutal attack on a woman in her own home by a man she had spent 25 years of her life with . ' my thoughts go out to lorna 's family and friends , and i hope today 's verdict will help bring them some comfort as they still try to come to terms with her tragic death . ' mccarthy is due to be sentenced on may 1 . 