judd trump was in confident mood after safely moving through to the second round of the betfred world championship in sheffield . trump led 7-2 overnight and many thought he would make light work of stuart carrington but he was made to battle before eventually securing a 10-6 victory . the 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face marco fu in the next round . judd trump beat stuart carrington 10-6 on thursday in the first round of the world championship . ' i 'm just going to focus on my own game , ' he told bbc two . ' if i play how i know i can , i 'll win it . ' a re-rack was required in the 10th frame but that did not distract carrington who produced a break of 97 to reduce the gap to four . trump took the next with a streak of 74 but a 74 of his own from carrington followed by a run of 70 in the next meant it was 8-5 at the interval . carrington got amongst the balls after the interval but was halted at 24 and trump swept in with a 76 to move within one frame of victory . grimsby potter carrington showed his mettle , though , with a 99 in the next before a closing 109 from trump put an end to his campaign . and the 2011 finalist was quick to praise his opponent , who was making his crucible debut . trump ( pictured ) led 7-2 from wednesday and got the job done despite a good display by carrington . ' he played really well considering it 's his first time here , ' he said . ' second session he hardly missed a ball . he probably wo n't take as much credit as he would if it was a top player making those breaks . ' he played as good as anyone i 've seen first time here . ' trump is one of the crowd favourites wherever he plays and admits there is a weight of expectation on him this year . ' there 's obviously a lot of anticipation this year , ' he added . ' my results have shown that i 'm playing some good stuff , i felt like i played well over the past two days . ' there 's obviously a few things i need to work on but other than that i feel very confident . ' it was nice for stuart to play as he did , it just shows there is always stuff to work on and you wo n't get many sessions where someone plays that well . ' after being five frames behind , carrington closed the gap to three before trump earned the victory . at the press conference following his win , trump was asked about the footwear problems encountered by long-time rival ronnie o'sullivan , whose 10-3 victory over craig steadman required a change of shoes . having started tuesday 's match in a new pair of shoes , o'sullivan discarded them due to the acute discomfort they were causing him ; he briefly played in socks before accepting tournament director mike ganley 's shoes which ' felt great ' to him . of the incident , trump said : ' i did n't really see it but i heard about it . obviously , he likes attention . i do n't know if he 's done it on purpose or not , who knows ? ' as to the overall favourite for the world championship , trump was quick to divert attention away from o'sullivan , adding : ' in my eyes , i think neil 's ( robertson ) probably the underdog , ronnie o'sullivan was forced into borrowing a pair of shoes from tournament director mike ganley . ' i think neil 's favourite to win the tournament . neil and mark ( selby ) are going to be the toughest two . ronnie is obviously a good player but i 'm confident of beating anyone . ' on the other table , defending champion mark selby was locked in a tough battle with anthony mcgill in the opening second round match . selby , who needed to scrap for a 10-9 win over kurt maflin in the first round , got off to a slow start as he surrendered the first two frames . the first was a scrappy encounter but a break of 63 sealed the second for mcgill before runs of 51 and 46 saw selby on the board . the leicester cueman then levelled things up at the mid-session interval with a 65 and an 87 at the third time of asking saw him edge ahead . defending champion mark selby closed the session at 4-4 with anthony mcgill in their second round match . mcgill was not daunted , though , and breaks of 74 and 73 in the next two saw him take a 4-3 lead before selby drew level again to end the session at 4-4 . shaun murphy , the 2005 world champion and current masters title holder , conceded just the one additional frame to his overnight lead of 7-2 as he wrapped up a 10-3 win over robin hull . murphy 's first frame on thursday was a tight affair at 56-55 and he went on to win the next 64-33 . finland 's hull was able to pick up frame 12 but murphy 's wrapped up the contest with a break of 111 . it sealed his passage to the second round where he will meet joe perry , who had beaten zhang anda 10-4 . shaun murphy wrapped up victory against finland 's robin hull with a 10-3 win on thursday . ding junhui has a chance of progressing past john higgins after his break of 94 sealed frame eight to leave the chinese 5-3 down going into friday 's session . higgins had picked up back-to-back frames at the start without much fuss , including 81 on the first , though ding 's class showed in a 135 break in the third . four-time world championship winner higgins then threatened to walk away with the match by winning three frames on the bounce , starting with 116-6 in the fourth and going on to lead 5-1 . however , ding fought back in the closing stages to narrow the deficit , though he did miss out on a second century break of the match after failing to pot the black , on what was to prove the last shot of the day .