it was home to a 65-year-old hoarder and her mother 's corpse for at least five years . described by police as the ' worst we have ever seen ' , the san francisco property was teeming with black widows , rats , feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on april 4 . but apparently , it 's still a hot ticket . just a week after removing the rodents , trash , and corpse , realtors have priced this san francisco property at a cool $ 2.5 million . the 1904 victorian build in bay area will be sold at a live auction by tim hawko of zephyr real estate . still worth it ! property developers are expected to pay millions for this house which was made available last week after police evicted a 65-year-old hoarder and removed her mother 's five-year-old mummified corpse . with seven bedrooms and two bathrooms , the single-story property has the structure of a valuable home . and according to experts , the eerie backstory could even add to the intrigue . kevin birmingham , a real estate agent , told the san francisco chronicle it will primarily be property developers bidding for the home , in the hope that they can perform a magical turnaround . ' the people looking at hoarder houses are developers or investors , so the fact that someone passed away—whether mummified or not—it does n't bother them a bit , ' he said . the remains which were removed from the house on april 4 are believed to be that of anna ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter carolyn , a hoarder . neighbors told the san francisco chronicle the mother had not been seen for years . according to records another man , archibald ragin , lived at the property but died 15 years ago at the age of 101 . carolyn , said to be a retired pacific bell worker , was taken to hospital after her mother 's body was removed from the house . she is now being mentally assessed . police removed the body , believed to be that of anna ragin , from the property in the richmond area of san francisco . authorities said the home was covered in debris , including dog feces and bottles of urine . supervisor eric mar , a representative in charge of the area , told the chronicle : ' the police captains i 've spoken with tell me this is the worst case of hoarding they have ever seen . ' he was concerned for the health and safety of the residents , but questioned how the situation in the property could have gotten to such a point . mr mar said : ' we certainly want seniors to stay in their communities as long as possible , but when people aren’t getting adequate health care and attention , this is what happens . ' this appears to be a nightmare of what can happen when people age in place for too long , ' he added . ' we need to identify what the triggers are for the city to step in . ' he told the daily mail online that he heard the body was wrapped up in a carpet and described that , from the outside , it looked like the home was abandoned . when city workers arrived to clean up the body on wednesday , they reportedly struggled to get in the door because the house was filled with so much debris . the mess was said to have included mold and piles of trash that reached the ceiling . they were forced to call in professional workers . the chronicle quote a firefighter saying the body was lightweight and wrapped in a blanket . it is not clear where it was discovered .