pretty spot : queen victoria spent her holidays in osborne house on the isle of wight . ' it is impossible to imagine a prettier spot , ’ queen victoria said of her holiday residence , osborne house on the isle of wight . it was at the beach there that she would take to the sea in her wooden bathing machine , and that all of her children learned to swim . but , however pleasing her days at osborne house , victoria’s journeys there were never easy . she would travel to portsmouth by train and then by ferry to ryde . from ryde there was a railway line that passed not far from osborne house but the nearest station was at wootton , more than two miles from the property . so , in 1875 , a station was built at whippingham , the closest point on the line to osborne house – just to serve the royal residence . accommodation was built for the stationmaster , as well as waiting rooms with toilets for both ladies and gentlemen . the building is now a five-bedroom family home , currently on the market for £625,000 , while the track has become a cycle path . victoria died in 1901 and the station went into public use in 1903 . however , services ended in 1966 , after which the station was converted into a home . the current owners , retired electrician tony vickers , 69 , and his 70-year-old wife sue , a retired hairdresser , are selling because they want to move to a smaller bungalow . ‘ we were very excited when we knew we would be able to own the station that was built for queen victoria , and we have maintained many of the original features and some of the fireplaces , ’ says sue . royal connection : the home that was once a railway station built to serve the monarch . ‘ we are very sad to leave our unique home and its gardens , which have given us many years of pleasure . it’s been a lovely family home . ’ it is thought that queen victoria , who , famously , would not allow herself to be conveyed at more than 40 miles per hour , would wait at whippingham station in the room that is now used as a sitting room . victoria , and those who visited her on the isle of wight , would be taken by horse and carriage from whippingham station to osborne house . in 1900 , whippingham station made another piece of history , with the appointment of a stationmistress , rather than master – almost unheard of at the time . emily merwood took over the role from her father-in-law . immensely proud of being in sole charge of the station , she would dress in a white starched apron over a black dress , and would sport a straw boater hat . spacious : the large , open-plan kitchen in the isle of wight property , which has five bedrooms . the part of the house now used as a sitting room used to be the station’s waiting room , while the main bedroom used to be the points room , where the signalman would pull levers to control trains on the track . where the main platform once stood there is now a lawn that leads down to an italian garden , with raised beds , a rockery , an orchard and a small woodland beyond . price £625,000 . location whippingham , isle of wight . bedrooms 5 . unique features former train station built for queen victoria to reach osborne house ; sitting room that victoria used as a waiting room ; main bedroom that used to be a points room . there are also two plum trees ( naturally , they are victoria plums , the type named after the monarch ) and a quince tree . to the left of the driveway is a common meadow with wild orchids . the property is also very versatile : alongside its five bedrooms , it has four reception rooms , a conservatory , a kitchen/dining room , a utility room , three shower rooms , a family bathroom and a downstairs cloakroom . ‘ this is a wonderful home which holds a great deal of character and warmth , as well as its own slice of history , ’ says james shelley , sales manager at fine & country isle of wight . ‘ it could meet a number of needs : it could be a home to serve the requirements of two or even three generations of the same family ; a holiday home ; or a combination of the two . ‘ one thing is for certain here – the choices are plenty within this amazing property , and it certainly delivers substantial levels of charm and appeal . ’ fine & country isle of wight , 01983 520000 . 