a schoolboy with a rare illness which means he is allergic to sunlight has been racially abused in the street because of the brown suncream he has to wear . james creag , 11 , is so sick of being taunted that he has stopped putting on the special cream - meaning that it is not safe for him to go outside . he suffers from the condition erythropoietic protoporphyria , whose victims are nicknamed 'real-life vampires ' because their skin can not be exposed to direct sunlight . james creag must use the special brown suncream ( pictured ) as he suffers from a rare sunlight allergy . he suffers from the condition erythropoietic protoporphyria , which means he suffers from terrible sunburn ( pictured ) when exposed to sunlight . james , from salford in greater manchester , was given dundee reflective sunscreen , a thick brown paste which blocks out the light . but when strangers shouted out abuse such as ' chocolate face ' and ' you 're coloured ' because of his unusual appearance , he refused to wear it any more . his mother claire , 34 , said : ' when he had the cream on he was called names - the kind of names a racist would say . i do n't know why . ' it was either ignorance or evilness . people think he 's different so they taunted him . it 's so cruel . i hate that people take the mickey out of him . ' the cream was meant to protect him but he 's stopped wearing it now . ' the unfortunate schoolboy has to wear a long-sleeved shirt , trousers , and gloves in all weather so he is not harmed by the sun , which would be like having ' boiling water poured on him ' . however , his condition can also can flare up when he is inside , so his parents have installed specially dimmed windows to block out the sun 's rays . ' his school got new lightbulbs in october , ' mrs creag said . ' immediately he started getting pins and needles and his body swelled up . he was in agony , i was so worried . ' it turned out he was suffering a reaction to the new daylight bulb lights . the school put a special coating over them and now he is lots better . family : james with his mother claire and younger sister grace , who does not have the condition . epp occurs when there is a build-up of a chemical called protoporphyrin in the blood . the skin is more sensitive to longer ultraviolet wavelengths ( uva ) and to visible light . it is caused by a shortage of an enzyme in the body that normally converts the protoporphyrin into a substance called haem . as a result of this enzyme deficiency , protoporphyrin levels build up in the blood . as blood passes through the skin , the protoporphyrin absorbs the energy from sunlight and this sets off a chemical reaction that can slightly damage surrounding tissues . the nerve endings in the skin interpret this as itching or burning pain , and if the blood vessels are affected , they can leak fluid , causing swelling . the condition is hereditary and symptoms include developing tingling , itching and burning when exposed to sunlight . there is currently no cure . source : british skin foundation . she added : ' he was first diagnosed when he was two . he was playing football in the garden with my husband , daniel . ' but after half an hour outside , they came running towards me , james screaming . he said his hands hurt . they had swollen up so much they looked like boxing gloves . ' i put them under the cold tap and looked at him . his skin was red hot and burning . it was far worse than sunburn - his hands were three times the size . ' the family visited their gp , who suggested that james might be allergic to grass . ' he was given steroid tablets to help with the swelling and we were sent away , ' his mother said . ' but it kept happening and i took james to the doctors three times that week . ' painkillers and allergy tablets did n't help . every time he was outside , any exposed skin became red raw , his face and hands would swell up . he would scream in pain and no sun cream made any difference . ' eventually he was referred to hospital and diagnosed with the rare condition . ' we were told to wrap him up and use the special cream , ' mrs creag added . ' so , even if it 's overcast , james still wears a hat , scarf and gloves to cover every inch of his skin . the dundee cream is so important . ' she spoke of her joy at discovering that her daughter grace had not inherited the illness despite the genetic risks - and paid tribute to james for his bravery . ' even after all he 's been through james is brilliant , ' mrs creag said . ' he is your typical 11-year-old lad . even when he is flaring up , he just shrugs his shoulders . i admire him . ' he always wears a hat too he just puts up with it though . he’s so brave and doesn’t let it get him down . even though other kids can play football in the sunshine . ' mrs creag continued : ' doctors said his epp was an inherited condition . daniel had a variant gene , i had a mutant gene . so when i fell pregnant with grace i was terrified she’d be born with epp too . ' luckily she was n't . ' 