louis van gaal has found the best way to keep manchester united fans happy is to win at home . powering past aston villa was their 13th victory in 16 premier league matches at old trafford and they have accumulated more points on their own territory , 40 , than anyone else . no wonder after a period of irritation earlier in the season , the stretford end are cheering regardless of whether united play quickly , slowly , pass back to goalkeeper david de gea or boot it up to marouane fellaini . wayne rooney ( centre ) scored a stunning half-volley as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the premier league on saturday . rooney put united 2-0 ahead on 79 minutes as he crashed home the red devils ' second with his right-footed strike . united 's no 10 celebrates his stunning effort at old trafford - his sixth goal in eight games for the club since being moved back up front . rooney ( centre right ) is mobbed by his team-mates after his wonderful goal gives them a 2-0 lead against lowly villa .  manchester united ( 4-3-3 ) : de gea 6 ; valencia 7.5 , jones 7 , rojo 7 , blind 6.5 ; carrick 7 , herrera 8.5 , fellaini 6.5 ( falcao , 77 mins ) ; mata 6.5 , young 7 ( di maria , 70 ) , rooney 7 . subs not used : valdes , rafael , mcnair , a pereira , januzaj . goals : herrera 43 and 90+2 , rooney 79 . aston villa ( 4-4-2 ) : guzan 7 ; hutton 5.5 ( bacuna , 45 ) , okore 5.5 , clark 6 , lowton 5.5 ; delph 6.5 , sanchez 6 , n'zogbia 5.5 ( baker , 61 ) , weimann 6 ( cole , 77 ) ; agbonlahor 5 , benteke 6.5 . subs not used : given , vlaar , gil , grealish . goal : benteke 80 . booked : delph . referee : roger east . attendance : 75,397 . click here to view our brilliant match zone - including the move for ander herrera 's opener in manchester united 's win . they remember losing seven home games under david moyes last season . two goals by ander herrera and a special one from wayne rooney were enough to sweep aside lowly opponents and took united up to third place , a point ahead of neighbours manchester city who play crystal palace on monday before they are up next at the theatre of dreams . even more importantly , van gaal 's side are now eight points clear of brendan rodgers and liverpool in fifth . it means his number one priority , restoring champions league football to old trafford , has nearly been achieved . in terms of performance , it was something of the old , something of the new . united used width as their tradition demands with former villa winger ashley young seeing a lot of the ball on the left . but there was a lot of patience and possession too . united had 72 % of the ball without a lot to show for it until the reward came after 43 minutes . daley blind overlapped for the umpteenth time and on this occason his cutback to herrera was perfect for the spaniard to drill home . the second goal did n't arrive until 11 minutes from the end but was worth the wait . angel di maria , on as a substitute , chipped the ball behind rooney , but the england striker still found a way to score . he fully extended his left luminous green boot , brought the ball under control with his first touch and then spun 180 degrees to lash home his finish on the half-volley with his right . on such goals has the theatre of dreams acquired its reputation . but surprisingly there was still work to do for united because david de gea let a christian benteke shot squirm through his body almost immediately aftewards . villa manager tim sherwood ( right ) shakes the hand of his united counterpart louis van gaal before saturday 's encounter . united felt they should have had a penalty in the opening minutes of the match at old trafford when rooney ( left ) fell in the box . the united skipper appeals to the officials after being denied a penalty during the opening exchanges at old trafford . united midfielder marouane fellaini ( right ) challenges for the ball against villa defender jores okore during the first half . rooney attempts an overhead kick midway through the first half as both sides try to break the deadlock at old trafford . it was only when herrera added his second goal that van gaal 's men were totally safe though anything other than three points would have been a travesty on the balance of play . ' i wanted to come here and compete , and i thought we did that , ' said villa boss tim sherwood . ' but united have players who have been round the block , they know when to speed it up and slow it down . the goal just before half-time killed us . ' fa cup semi-finalists villa could be in the bottom three when they face qpr at home on tuesday night in a genuine relegation six-pointer . but they will be without a string of injured players including alan hutton . taken off at half-time yesterday with an ankle injury , scott sinclair , ashley westwood and kieran richardson . ' i 've never known anything like it . ridiculous , ' said sherwood . van gaal was simply relieved to get united 's first game after the international break out the way . ' i was afraid before this match because we were playing against a very defensive organisaton . that is not easy to create chances and score goals , ' he said . united midfielder ander herrera ( left ) hit the first goal of the game just before half-time with a crisp left-footed strike . the 25-year-old ( centre left ) watches on as his shot heads towards the bottom of the villa net . herrera wheels away in celebration after scoring his fourth premier league goal of the season since joining from athletic bilbao . united winger ashley young celebrates herrera 's strike - after providing the assist for the spaniard 's goal . herrera shows his emotion at scoring united 's opener as he is congratulated by his old trafford team-mates . on two-goal herrera , he added : ' he has always been very good technically but sometimes was not composed at the right moment . but he is developing . he has scored seven goals now . ' villa defended well in the first-half with marcos rojo going closest with a long-range shot that was tipped over by brad guzan . for long periods , rooney cut an unhappy figure , beating the turf in frustration and arguing with referee roger east after beind denied a penalty for ciaran clark 's early challenge in the area where he seemed to grab the united striker by the back of the neck . if rooney reflects on it later , maybe his over-dramatic fall to the ground persauded the official not to award a spot-kick . the deadlock was eventually broken when united passed and passed long enough for blind to escape free down the left . the dutchman picked out herrera and he converted from 12 yards for his first goal at old trafford since september . when united could n't get a second goal with marouane fellaini going closest , van gaal sent on di maria and falcao , combined value £103million . former villa winger young made way to jeers from the away fans and cheers from everyone else after a decent display . christian benteke wheels away in celebration after pulling one back for villa just moments after rooney 's goal . benteke ( second left ) watches on as his tame shot proves too much for david de gea ( centre ) in the united goal . the belgium international punches the air in delight as the visitors made it a nervy ending for van gaal 's men . meanwhile de gea is left rather red-faced at his error allowed the visitors back into the match late on at old trafford . however any hope of a villa comeback were quashed when herrera ( right ) added a third in injury time . di maria claimed an assist for rooney 's special , pinging the ball across from the touchline . ' he has 10 assists , ' pointed out van gaal , though he baulked at being asked why the winger had n't started . ' you think we should always pick the most expensive xi ? i think not , ' was the manager 's retort . surprisingly , david de gea gave villa brief hope to make the game 2-1 . herrera gave the scoreline a realistic edge when he burst forward into the penalty area once again to fire past guzan . the manchester derby next sunday is going to be a cracker . herrera ( third right ) watches on as his curled right-footed effort heads towards the bottom corner of the villa net . united substitute angel di maria ( left ) congratulates herrera after his injury time goal restores united 's two-goal advantage . aston villa players look crestfallen after conceding herrera 's goal in injury time during their match at old trafford .