jose mourinho could one day make a shock return to manage real madrid even after his high-profile and acrimonious exit , according to real defender alvaro arbeloa . the chelsea manager ended his three-year spell in madrid to rejoin his current club in 2013 , leaving the spanish capital amid rumours of bust-ups with senior players , including club captain iker casillas , sergio ramos and pepe . but right back arbeloa , who has made 25 first-team appearances this season , says real 's door will never be closed to bringing the combustible portuguese coach back as boss . chelsea manager jose mourinho could return to take charge of real madrid one day , says alvaro arbeloa . arbeloa handed a portion of the credit for real 's champions league win to mourinho 's groundwork . under carlo ancelotti 's stewardship , real lifted the 10th european cup that they had craved for so long . the former liverpool defender also handed a portion of credit for last season 's la decima champions league win to mourinho , saying his work was the foundation of their success under carlo ancelotti . ' yes there is a possibility of jose returning to madrid , ' arbeloa said . ' why not ? madrid 's door is not closed for a great coach . ' mourinho has many fond memories of real madrid . for la decima , we have to credit ancelotti but jose planted the foundations . ' mourinho left madrid and rejoined chelsea in 2013 and has since led his team to the brink of another title . the special one endured a trophyless campaign in his last year with real which he said was his worst season . arbeloa was said to be one of mourinho 's main ' disciples ' in the dressing room , and he admits he has spoken with the chelsea manager as recently as last week . he also said that despite the talk of unrest in the camp at real , the special one left on good terms before joining chelsea , particularly with expected summer transfer target raphael varane . mourinho is said to be considering a £40million move for the french centre back when the transfer window opens in july . arbeloa ( left ) was said to be one of mourinho 's main ' disciples ' in the dressing room and the pair still talk . mourinho 's arguments with senior players including iker casillas , the club captain , were well documented . ' i spoke to him ( mourinho ) last friday , ' arbeloa told el chiringuito . 'he’s happy and content in london because his family are happy and there isn’t the daily persecution he and his kids got here . ' the press emphasised ( how ) it ended badly but jose ended well with most - ( luka ) modric , varane , diego ( lopez ) , xabi ( alonso ) . ' professionally he has a great team and is doing well . ' arbeloa says mourinho is happy in london , having won the capital one cup with chelsea last month . raphael varane , said to be a summer target for mourinho , ended on good terms with his former manager . 