bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater goldsands stadium - as a tactic to help them next season . the away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the south stand and the east stand . manager eddie howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage when they are playing in front of a home crowd . bournemouth will not look to increase the capacity of their 12,000-seater goldsands stadium . premier league rules state clubs must give the away fans 10 per cent of their overall allocation . bournemouth officials are considering doubling the south stand from its current 2,500 seats to 5,000 , taking the whole capacity to just less than 15,000 . however , premier league regulations state that clubs must provide at least 10 per cent of their overall allocation of tickets for away supporters . this would mean that , should bournemouth press ahead with the expansion , away fans might then have to be positioned behind one of the goals - against howe’s wishes . last year , the possibility of increasing the stadium to 18,000 by filling in all four corners was discussed , but the logistics of that make it unlikely . just to expand the south stand would cost the club £1.8million and , over the course of a season , they would only accrue £900,000 in ticket sales . any construction would , therefore , be for the benefit of fans as opposed to any financial advantage . manager eddie howe is reluctant to change the position of the away fans to behind the goal . with a capacity of 12,000 bournemouth look set to have the smallest ground in the premier league . the club will have to install undersoil heating during the summer to adhere to premier league rules , something which was not a requirement in the championship . the press box , which at present separates home and away fans in the east stand , will also move to the opposite side of the pitch to be closer to the dugouts . stewards or netting would be put between supporters from either side to keep them apart during matches . bournemouth only had the south stand built when they won promotion to the championship in 2013 , such has been their rapid rise up the football pyramid . 