madonna received a barrage of criticism from her gay fanbase today after posting a photograph of former prime minister margaret thatcher and ' thanking ' her for her service . the 56-year-old pop star posted the image of the iron lady on instagram - before quickly deleting it just moments later after receiving dozens of abusive messages . some of her fans took umbrage to the photo , which madonna captioned with : ' thank you margaret thatcher ' followed by ' # unapologetic # rebelheart ' and a love heart . the singer , who has a large gay fanbase , offended fans who reminded her that thatcher enacted legislation that banned ' promoting ' homosexuality in 1988 . scroll down for video . pop singer madonna faced a barrage of criticism from her gay fanbase today after posting this photograph of former prime minister margaret thatcher and ' thanking ' her for her service . she deleted it just moments later . madonna has immersed herself in the gay community and was named one of the greatest gay icons of all time . conservative thatcher , who led the country from 1979 until 1990 , established section 28 of the local government act 1988 – a legislation that was considered anti-gay and later overturned in 2003 . section 28 was introduced against a backdrop of councils promoting gay relationships in schools and the rise of aids . the section of the act banned councils from using taxpayers ' money to fund books , plays , leaflets , films or any other material showing gay relationships as normal and ' promoting the teaching in any maintained school of the acceptability of homosexuality as a pretended family relationship ' . madonna , who has previously immersed herself in the gay community and was named one of the greatest gay icons of all time in 2012 , thanked thatcher for her example in the instagram post today . some of madonna 's fans took umbrage to the post of thatcher 's picture and said she had gone ' a step too far ' . however , conservative fans praised her for the post , with one saying the singer was ' back in my good books ' . madonna was close friends with openly bisexual comedienne sandra bernhard ; pictured above in 2000 . madge posed with her friend rosie o'donnell , who is openly lesbian ; seen above in 2001 . section 28 of the local government act 1988 was introduced under thatcher’s rule and was a legislation that was considered anti-gay . it was brought in against a backdrop of councils promoting gay relationships in schools and the rise of aids . thatcher 's government claimed to have taken up the ' dangerous gauntlet ' to protect children but it became a rallying cry for campaigners . current prime minister david cameron has since apologised for banning the promotion of homosexuality in schools . speaking in 2009 , mr cameron said the conservative party had ' got it wrong ' when it introduced section 28 in the late 1980s . he insisted he was making his apology because the legislation had been ' offensive to gay people ' and said : ' i 'm sorry for section 28 . we got it wrong . it was an emotional issue . we have got to move on and we have moved on . ' alongside the portrait of thatcher , she pulled out a famous quote from the iron lady , which read : ' if you just set out to be liked , you will be prepared to compromise on anything at anytime , and would achieve nothing . ' the post was signed off with # rebelheart – in an apparent plug for her new album which goes by the same name . however , she took down the post just minutes after uploading it , after fans responded with criticism . one fan , called sean , wrote : ‘madonna’s thatcher post was too far’ . another , writing under the name madonsha , said : ‘ lost a bit of respect for madonna for posting a picture of margaret thatcher , that woman ruined this country recked ( sic ) so many lives urgh . ’ and richard rippon added : ‘ madonna should know that thatcher was divisive in the uk . some thought she was a heartless witch , others , an evil threat to society . ’ however , other fans praised her instagram post , including louise mensch who wrote : ‘ madonna back in my good books . # thatcher’ . the singer then attempted to quell any abuse by following the post up with a rather revealing selfie . the saucy image showed the mother-of-four - dressed in a black corset , nylons , garters and white jacket - lying on a floor surrounded by roses , including one held in her mouth . in the picture , she revealed her cleavage , covered somewhat in red underwear , and showed her cupping one of her breasts with her hand . she captioned the photo : ' he sent me roses begging my forgiveness . i said i 'd think about it . these guys ... ... ... ... .. ? ? ? ? ? ? ' cougar kiss : madonna surprised rapper drake with a kiss on stage at coachella last week . although she did not reveal the identity of the gentleman who showered her with the red blooms , speculation will likely be that she was speaking of drake - the rapper who left her red-faced when he winced in horror after she planted an amorous kiss on him during a performance at coachella last week . the 28-year-old later explained that the kiss was fulfilling for him , despite being photographed appearing to wipe his mouth when the singer kissed him mid-performance . aftwerwards , drake said on twitter : ' do n't misinterpret my shock ! ! i got to make out with the queen madonna and i feel about that forever . thank you @ madonna . ' madonna has long said to have been a supporter of gay rights , ever since meeting her gay ballet teacher as a teenager in detroit , michigan . she has since circulated within the gay community , becoming close friends with lesbian rosie o'donnell and bisexual comedienne sandra bernhard . it is not the first time madonna has been in the spotlight for uploading controversial posts to social media . in fact , her behaviour on twitter and instagram has become increasingly erratic of late with regular doses of raunchy semi-nude photographs posted online as well as bizarre references to high-profile political leaders and human rights ' activists . the singer came under fire from fans earlier this year after posting pictures of iconic public figures such as martin luther king , nelson mandela and princess diana with bondage tape photoshopped onto their faces . the images were altered to look like her own image on her new album cover - rebel hearts - and she was accused of comparing herself to the revolutionaries and civil rights leaders . in the ensuing furore , she was also accused of both racism and narcissism - both of which she took to social media to deny . the queen of pop 's cover for her new album rebel heart is a close-up of her face with black string on it . the singer came under fire from fans earlier this year after posting pictures of iconic public figures such as martin luther king , nelson mandela and princess diana with bondage tape photoshopped onto their faces . she said : ' i 'm sorry . i 'm not comparing myself to anyone . i 'm admiring and acknowledging there rebel hearts ( sic ) ' . she added : ' this is niether a crime or an insult or racist ! i also did it with michael jaclson and frida khalo and marilyn monroe ( sic ) . ' ' am i saying i am them no i 'm saying they are rebel hearts too . and i did n't do it my fans did and i just re posted those photos my fans are n't racist either if they put me in the same category as these other people thank you . ' her promotion of her latest album has also brought with it countless other controversies . in january , the pop star was accused by many online commentators of using the charlie hebdo terrorist attack in paris to promote her album . it came after she posted a series of photos to her instagram to offer support after 12 people were killed in the gun attack on the french satirical magazine’s offices . but as the star offered encouraging words in the captions for her social media images , she also provided some hashtags which were in promotion of her new album . the singer 's behaviour on twitter and instagram has become increasingly erratic of late with regular doses of raunchy semi-nude photographs posted online , including this image in which she grabbed her breasts . the controversy came on the heels of the pop icon likening the leak of her album to a ' form of terrorism ' - her comments coming just after the world was left in shock following a deadly hostage terrorist siege in sydney and the devastating taliban school massacre in pakistan . madonna posted a viral image ' je suis charlie ' ( i am charlie ) with the caption : ' these are very scary times we are living in . ignorance breeds intolerance and fear . we can only fight darkness with light ! we are all charlie ! # revolutionoflove [ heart ] # rebelhearts . ' revolution of love is a track off her album rebel hearts , both of which she used as hashtags at the end of her post . fans branded her insensitive for likening the leak of her upcoming album to a ' form of terrorism’ and using the tragedies to promote her work . her son 14-year-old rocco , from her second marriage to british film director guy ritchie , is also no stranger to controversy himself , having caused a storm in october last year when he posted a video purporting to show isis terrorists executing children on his instagram page . his mother , in typically bombastic fashion , hit back at critics , telling the world that she was ' proud ' of the teenager who was , she added , ' fighting for freedom ' . 