asian-american rock band the slants , who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term usually considered a racial slur , can not trademark the name because it is disparaging , a u.s. appeals court ruled on monday . the decision by the u.s. court of appeals for the federal circuit rejected the band 's argument that the government 's refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights . the ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the national football league 's washington redskins should lose its trademarks . the slants , who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term usually considered a racial slur , can not trademark the name because it is disparaging , a u.s. appeals court has ruled . the portland , oregon-based band , which plays a kind of grunge music it calls chinatown dance rock , applied for trademarks in 2010 and 2011 , and was rejected both times on the grounds the name disparaged asians . the band appealed . its lawyer , ronald coleman , argued that the name was a healthy reappropriation of a term usually considered a slur , much like the lesbian motorcycle club dykes on bikes , which did get a trademark . the band argued that in acting as a ' referee of political correctness , ' the u.s. patent and trademark office violated the first amendment . the three-judge panel of the federal circuit said there was evidence the term is offensive to people of asian descent . it said that there was no free speech violation since a refusal to federally register a trademark does not prevent the applicant from still using it . the portland , oregon-based band , which plays a kind ofgrunge music it calls chinatown dance rock , applied fortrademarks in 2010 and 2011 , and was rejected both times on thegrounds the name disparaged asians . despite upholding the rejection of the slants trademark , u.s . circuit judge kimberly moore said in a separate , non-binding opinion that it might be time to revisit the federal trademark law 's disparagement provisions , which she said probably would not hold up under current free speech laws . the u.s. supreme court has said that even though some speech may be offensive , that ' does not justify its suppression , ' she said . the case has parallels to the washington redskins ' lawsuit against five native americans who successfully convinced the pto in june to cancel the nfl team 's trademarks because that name disparages native americans . the team is appealing the cancellation , saying the disparagement provision violates the first amendment . coleman called monday 's opinion ' unnecessarily politicized ' and said the band would likely seek review of the decision by the full federal circuit court . the uspto declined to comment . the decision by the u.s. court of appeals for the federalcircuit rejected the band 's argument that the government 's refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights .