the # grannyhair trend may still be going strong for women the world over , but it seems men will always hold the crown for rocking the grey look - as david beckham proved earlier this week . victoria beckham posted a pic of her husband on instragram on tuesday and , due to the wispy grey strands peppering his beard , captioned it ' silver fox ' . with his 40th birthday just around the corner , it seems david is embracing his age with style , and he 's not the only one . victoria beckham shared this picture of her husband david sporting some grey hairs in his beard . from old-school stars surfing the silver quiff to salt-and-peppered hollywood hunks , men are getting more and more comfortable about embracing the distinguished look . scott ade , a stylist at daniel hersheson believes that celebrities are responsible for the change in attitude to going grey , he said : ' i feel like since the huge rise to fame of grey-haired sex symbols such as george clooney , george lamb and jose mourinho , there has been a shift in attitudes towards going grey . ' people are starting to embrace it now , seeing it as a sign of power , maturity and sexiness in the mould of the ' silver fox ' , as opposed to becoming a pensioner ! ' here , femail takes a look at more male celebrities who win gold for their silver style , and asks top stylists for tips on how men can go grey gracefully . the trend setters . george lamb is a serious trendsetter , helping to make it cool for young men to embrace the grey . at the ripe-old age of 35 , radio and tv presenter george lamb rocks a full head of grey hair . it even has its own trendy mix of dark grey with light streaks around his forehead . george keeps his hair long and floppy , so he 's clearly proud of his locks , and rightly so . along with his smart fashion sense , lamb is a serious trendsetter , helping to make it cool for young men to embrace the grey . brad pitt may be an oldie - well in hollywood terms anyway , he 's 51 - but this chiseled actor has been setting trends ever since he hit the spotlight in thelma and louise . some of them caught on ( hello blonde highlights ) , others , thankfully , did n't ( we 're thinking primarily of his long-haired hobo look here ) . this salt and pepper stubble will be a timeless addition to the brad pitt collection of hair styles . but we think we can safely say his salt-and-pepper stubble will be a timeless addition to the brad pitt collection of hair styles . if you 're a football widow , you 'll already be well aware of jose mourinho , 52 . this grey-haired portugese gentleman is arguably the best thing about watching a chelsea match . the there 's the lovable gary lineker , whose baby face keeps him looking eternally youthful at the age of 54 despite his quiff of silver . as well as making footie more bearable for us , these two show stressed-out footie fans that it 's okay to go grey . if you 're a football widow , you 'll already be well aware of silver fox jose mourinho , 52 . the ladies love grey-haired gary linker . pictured on the right with catt sadler and danielle bux . the embracers . growing old under the spotlight must give even the most cocky celebrity a crisis of confidence . as they get older , many have to dye their hair for roles , but these gents let it all grow out once the cameras stop rolling . ben affleck 's grey-flecked quiff looks distinguished , while his silvery stubble adds an edge . no doubt the 42-year-old has been getting greying tips from his friend and fellow silver fox , george clooney . no doubt ben affleck 's been getting greying tips from his friend george clooney . he may be greying , but we ca n't believe liam neeson is 62 years old . the irish hunk dyed his hair dark for the first taken , but can be seen greying around the temples . he 's naturally a light brown with gingery tinge , and we think the grey sets this off perfectly . american actor dermot mulroney , 51 , caught jennifer aniston 's interest , well in friends anyway , and julia roberts made a fool of herself over him in my best friend 's wedding . and with those looks and mop of dark grey hair , we can see why ... liam neeson 's grey sets off his coppery mop , while dermot mulroney oozes silvery sophistication . everyone 's favourite scot , gerard butler has still got a good head of brown locks with copper highlights at the age of 45 , but he 's not afraid to let a few silver strands run wild on his chin and around his temples . matt leblanc had no trouble with the ladies when he played dark-haired italian-american joey tribbiani in friends . now 47 , he has traded in his floppy locks for a short shock of silver . but we reckon he could still work his famous ' how you doin ' ? ' line and have ladies falling at his feet - although now they may have more trouble getting back up again . gerard butler's not afraid to let a few silver strands run wild on his chin and around his temples . we reckon matt leblanc could still work joey 's famous ' how you doin ' ? ' line and have ladies falling at his feet . colin farrell is not yet in the forties club ( he 's 38 ) , but hollywood 's irish bad boy has the ' take me as i am ' attitude , and his refusal to dye his grey streaks is testament to that . eric dana is 42 now , but he was working the grey look back in 2006 as dr mark sloan in grey 's anatomy . and this programme was well named indeed , as fellow grey actor jeffrey dean morgan , 48 , also knows how to make silvery stubble look seriously dreamy . colin farrell shows off his rebellious grey streak , and eric dana subscribes to the all-over look . grey 's anatomy actor jeffrey dean morgan knows how to make silvery stubble look good . tips supplied by jordan garrett and scott ade from daniel hersheson , and laura howlett , managing barber of l’oréal professionnel salon , ruffians edinburgh . the oldies but goodies . as soon as the term ' silver fox ' is mentioned , the first man who usually springs to mind is george clooney . checking out his big brown barnet back in 1985 , we 'd say it 's a good thing clooney has been embracing the silver look since he was 33 . now , the always-dapper 53-year-old is the epitome of the grey-haired gent . kevin costner is another classic , with his fair-haired mop ensuring the gradual fade to grey was n't too big a jump , and the 60-year-old has maintained his hollywood heartthrob status with ease . checking out his big brown barnet back in 1985 , we 'd say it 's a good thing clooney has been embracing the silver look since he was 33 . despite going grey , 60-year-old kevin costner has maintained his hollywood heartthrob status with ease . arguably most of us had our first confusing crush on richard gere when he was in pretty woman - ' how can i fancy a grey-haired guy ? ' - but our crush continues as he 's still looking good 25 years later . age seems to have added character to lucky pierce brosnan , whose dark looks have been lightened by his mid-grey hair and silvery beard . it may have been 20 years since the 61-year-old played bond , but he still leaves us shaken - and stirred . most of us had our first confusing crush on richard gere when he was in pretty woman - ' how can i fancy a grey-haired guy ? ' pierce brosnan has embraced his grey hairs .