it is not the typical place you would expect to find a bird nest , but this blue tit is busy creating hers - inside a lamp post . the little blue and yellow bird made the most of a damaged street light by collecting moss , grass and straw to line her nest . the blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs . this little blue tit collected moss , grass and straw to line a nest in a damaged street light near copenhagen . the blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs . jeanette rosenquist , 47 , was on her way to work from her home just outside copenhagen , denmark , when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post . she said : ' i saw the blue tit completely by chance one day on my way to work . ' this little bird was flying from the lamp post , which i thought was really weird . i did n't believe my eyes the first time i saw her coming out of there . ' the next day i went back to the lamp post with my camera in the hope i could take a picture of it - and also to make sure what i had seen was right . jeanette rosenquist was on her way to work from her home just outside copenhagen , denmark , when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post . the female blue tit usually builds the nest by herself with very little help , or no help at all , from the male . ' the bird flew out and back a few times , and each time she came back to the lamp post she was carrying moss , grass , and reed straw in her beak . ' ms rosenquist , who works in the danish health system , added : ' i was so afraid that by the bird making its nest in the lamp post it would create a short circuit and be killed . ' a blue tit will normally collect moss , grass and straw to make her nest which she then lines with feathers , fur or wool so it is ready for laying . the female blue tit usually builds the nest by herself with very little help , or no help at all , from the male . ms rosenquist added : ' i was so afraid that by the bird making its nest in the lamp post it would create a short circuit and be killed ' .  