richard wilkins is made of stern stuff , he 's had to be across almost 30 years of dealing with tantrums and egos as a television presenter and interviewer , but standing on anzac cove thinking of what his grandfather george had faced 100 years ago , reduced him to tears . wilkins , 60 , made the pilgrimage to gallipoli on the eve of the centenary commemorations , to discover more of his grandfather , george william thomson , a qualified dentist , who toiled for many hours on end as part of the new zealand medical corps to mend broken bodies . he tells how having read excerpts from his `` papa 's '' war diary , lit ' a flame of interest ' to learn more of the world war one veteran . scroll down for video . george william thomson , richard wilkins ' grandfather , who served in gallipoli as part of the new zealand medical corps . dr gabrielle fortune of the auckland war memorial takes richard wilkins through the artefacts of his grandfather george thomson , which have been preserved in new zealand . a doting grandfather , george thomson , pictured in his later years . entertainment reporter richard wilkins has retraced the steps of the man he affectionately called `` papa '' in gallipoli . images from the nz war memorial of kiwi diggers in gallipoli . ' i was thrilled at how they restore and maintain all the various artefacts that have been donated by various families , ' said richard wilkins . tv presenter richard wilkins is rarely overcome with emotion despite working in the industry for almost 30 years but broke down as he retraced his grandfather 's footsteps in gallipoli . 'it’s quite overwhelming , i was keeping a stiff upper lip until tonight , when we visited a turk memorial at ari burnu , ' wilkins said , admitting he rarely becomes emotional during a shoot , but this was different . ' when you 're working , when you are shooting a story , it 's about doing a piece and you 've got to do it right , we are doing your job .. but it just happens to be about your grand-dad , it changes things , ' he revealed . ' standing on anzac cove and just thinking that it was at a similar time of the day , it was 2 in the morning , it was cold , the cliffs are steep and you think that these poor buggers found themselves in the middle of hell , they were just mowed down , families gutted , it makes me so sad . richard wilkins has had almost 30 years of dealing with tantrums and egos as a television presenter and interviewer , but standing on anzac cove thinking of what his grandfather george had faced 100 years ago , reduced him to tears . ' i 've got a 29-year-old son and another who turns 20 on anzac day , those are prime ages to have been over here a century ago , perish the thought , it 's deeply , deeply overwhelming . ' wilkins told daily mail australia of his immense pride at the role his grandfather played and at seeing the medals and reading his diary at the war memorial in auckland . ' it was something i thought about doing for some time because i was aware he was a young dentist , straight out of uni , who had enlisted in the war went to egypt and found himself here at gallipoli , helping to mend soldiers so they could continue to serve , ' he said . ' i 've got a 29-year-old son and another who turns 20 on anzac day , those are prime ages to have been over here a century ago , perish the thought , it 's deeply , deeply overwhelming , ' said richard wilkins pictured here with his son christian . richard wilkins pieced together a story for the today show on the nine network about his grandfather george 's time at gallipoli on the eve of centenary anzac day commemorations . even though he admitted , at first , to being ' a bit miffed ' that the war memorabilia was not kept within the family , ' i was thrilled at how they restore and maintain all the various artefacts that have been donated by various families ' . ' you have to put gloves on , go into special rooms where they are temperature controlled and all that , that too was deeply moving , ' he added . ' there were all these maps and very , very good records of where he went , time he 'd spent on the beaches , boats and ferrying wounded off to hospitals . ' we opened this one page , where he talked about 200 being wounded , were brought on the ship , one had his jaw blown off , other with limbs missing , he said `` shells exploding all around us , huge spouts of water '' and as he went on he became more and more bleak . ' wilkins said that one of his most enduring memories of gallipoli was ' the heartwarming reverence the turks hold for it all , particularly in the dardenelles , in all the restaurants and cafes there are photos of ( mustafa ) ataturk and of anzacs too ' . ' what struck me was the enormity of it all , over half the eligible male population from new zealand enlisted , 14,000 went , one in five died and two in five were seriously wounded .. no families were unscathed , ' he said .