celtic have announced that they are to erect a bronze statue of billy mcneill to mark the magnificent achievements of the club 's greatest ever captain . the statue will be positioned on the recently opened celtic way and will represent a man who is synonymous with the club and someone who represented them with true distinction as both a player and manager . as a player , mcneill won nine consecutive league championship titles , seven scottish cups , six league cups and , of course , he was the first british team captain to lift the european cup in 1967 . celtic legend billy mcneill poses with the european cup to commemorate the club 's famous 1967 victory . he was named the scottish footballer of the year in season 1964-65 , the first ever winner of the award . as manager , mcneill delivered four league championship titles , three scottish cups and he lifted the league cup once . as both player and manager , he enjoyed a 27-year association with celtic football club . fittingly , the work on the statue will be carried out by john mckenna , the sculptor who recently completed the statue of jock stein which sits at the entrance to celtic park . work on the statue of mcneill will begin immediately and it is hoped that the completed work will be unveiled at celtic park later this year , around autumn . mcneill ( right ) has a shot blocked by leeds united midfielder paul madeley ( left ) . celtic chief executive peter lawwell said : ' growing up in the 1960s and 1970s as a celtic supporter , billy mcneill was an inspiration to me and someone of huge stature in the game , not only on the field but also off it , as a statesman , a leader and a figurehead for our great club . ' his achievements for celtic are simply outstanding and across a period of 27 years he gave so much to the club . ' it is a privilege to now know billy , and consider him as a friend . he is someone who commands the respect of everyone across the entire footballing spectrum . ' we are delighted already to have billy as our ambassador at the club but the board felt unanimously that he should recognised in this way , given all that he has contributed to celtic over so many years . ' we look forward to the unveiling of the statue , which we are sure will be a great tribute to a great man . ' mcneill himself said : ' when peter contacted me regarding the statue i was completely taken by surprise . ' whenever i walk up the celtic way , i look on with a great sense of pride at the sight of brother walfrid , big jock and my old team-mate and friend jinky rightly taking their place almost as guardians of celtic park . ' every time i look back at this special club 's history and what we achieved it fills me with joy , and now to be told i am to be honoured beside these celtic greats , this really is a special day for me and all my family . ' following the 2-1 win over inter milan in the final , mcneill holds the european cup above his head .