maria sharapova and venus williams have both withdrawn from their countries ' respective fed cup ties this weekend . sharapova has been forced to pull out of russia 's semi-final against germany in sochi with a leg injury , the russian tennis federation said on tuesday . ' i was really looking forward to playing in sochi and taking part in the fed cup , ' the world no 2 said . russian maria sharapova has pulled out of this weekend 's fed cup semi-final with a leg inury . ' for me , it would have been the first time i would have had the opportunity to play in the city where i grew up . ' my team and i specially changed my timetable so that i could represent my country in the semi-final . ' however , unfortunately i picked up a leg injury and it did not allow me to be in the best condition to get ready for this tie , ' sharapova added . the 27-year-old 's last appearance was in the miami open at the end of march , where she lost in the second round to world number 97 daria gavrilova in straight sets . sharapova ( left ) shakes hands after losing to compatriot daria gavrilova in straight sets in miami . anastasia myskina is the russia fed cup captain . she only returned to practice a few days ago after picking up an injury during in miami . ' i need to be at the top of my game in order to help my team and play to the best of my ability in the fed cup semi-finals against such strong opponents . unfortunately , i did n't have enough time to prepare , ' she said . sharapova is also a doubt for the wta stuttgart open , which starts on april 20 , where she would be defending her title . sharapova helped russia beat poland in the fed cup first round in february , where she won both her singles matches . anastasia pavlyuchenkova , svetlana kuznetsova and elena vesnina have all been picked for russian , with captain anastasia myskina now having to find a replacement for sharapova . myskina , who won the french open in 2004 , said she had been in constant contact with the russian number one . ' over the last few days , i have spoken with maria and her team a lot , ' myskina said . ' unfortunately her condition will not allow her to play for the national team . maria did everything she could to try and play in sochi . however , at the moment , she just is n't ready . ' i believe in the strength and ability of our team and am really looking forward to the semi-final , ' myskina added . williams , meanwhile , has withdrawn from the usa team for the world group play-off because of a personal matter . venus williams has pulled out of the usa 's world group play-off against italy due to personal reasons . the united states tennis association says williams will be replaced by 57th-ranked lauren davis . the american team is led by top-ranked serena williams and also includes no . 45 alison riske and no . 65 christina mchale . the italian team includes no . 15 sara errani , no . 26 flavia pennetta , no . 36 camila giorgi and no . 55 karin knapp . the italians are without roberta vinci , who has an inflamed right elbow . the best-of-five series will be played outdoors on red clay at the circolo tennis brindisi . venus 's younger sister serena will lead the american team on the red clay at the circolo tennis brindisi .