mauricio pochettino insists he will not flood tottenham 's first team squad with players from the academy next season despite the success of his young stars . harry kane , nabil bentaleb and ryan mason , who are all products of spurs ' youth system , have taken giant strides in the senior set-up this season . their success has led to calls for more youngsters to be promoted through the club , but pochettino says he will cautious in his approach to blooding more youngsters . mauricio pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players based on past success . nabil bentaleb ( left ) has forged a strong partnership with ryan mason , while harry kane has been prolific . ' we need to be careful with that . because kane , mason and bentaleb are good this season , now we need to put all academy players in the team ? , ' said pochetino . ' it 's important to understand this is important for the club because it 's our identity and philosophy and they can translate this passion for the club - but not because we need to show we are the best academy in the world . ' we need to be careful and work hard , we have fantastic staff , and the head of the academy john mcdermott , but we need to analyse and be careful with the young players . ' kane , mason and bentaleb are very important players in the team but it is not only these three are who very important for the team this season . ' meanwhile , pochettino insists it is hugo lloris ' ambition to play champions league football with tottenham after he was linked with a move away . spurs goalkeeper hugo lloris has previously spoken of his desire to play in the champions league . it has been suggested that the frenchman would consider his future this summer if the club fail to finish in the top-four , a scenario which looks virtually certain . but pochettino added : ' there 's been no change from six months ago when we spoke about the rumour . hugo wants to play the champions league here for tottenham and these rumours are nothing true . he is happy here and wants to reach the champions league with tottenham that is his dream . ' 