a notorious brothel at the centre of australia 's first ever sex slavery case has gone on sale in a trendy melbourne suburb . the edwardian-style building and shopfront on brunswick street in fitzroy was once owned by wei tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five thai women as sex slaves . the brothel , formerly known as club 417 , has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa , as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room . the edwardian-style building and shopfront on brunswick street in fitzroy was once owned by wei tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five thai women as sex slaves . it has been listed for sale through barry plant real estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses including a ' business , bar , restaurant , student accommodation and any number of other options ' . the property even comes with a brothel licence , according to the advertisement . the brothel , which was also known as fair lady studio massage parlour , is currently between a t-shirt shop and television repair company , fairfax media reports . in 2008 , the brothel 's owner tang became the first person to be found guilty under australia 's sexual servitude laws for forcing the thai women to work at club 417 . the brothel , formerly known as club 417 , has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa , as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room . in 2008 , the brothel 's owner tang became the first person to be found guilty under australia 's sexual servitude laws for forcing the thai women to work at club 417 . she was convicted two years before for holding the five women as slaves , but it took the court some time to define exactly what constituted a sex slave . tang was sentenced to 10 years behind bars . the women , who worked six days a week , were brought out from thailand and were forced to work to pay off the debts incurred by bringing them to melbourne . it 's listed for sale through barry plant real estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses . the property stopped operating as a brothel in december 2013 and been vacant ever since . selling agent jim dimitropoulos from barry plant preston has indicated the price guide for the shopfront property is $ 1.3 million . the property at 417 bruswick street , fitzroy will go under the hammer on may 1 . the brothel comes with plenty of rear access from its former role . the building and shopfront of the building on brunswick street in fitzroy , which was was once owned by wei tang , who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five thai women as sex slaves .   .         