wayne rooney knows champions league qualification is manchester united 's to lose , making this weekend 's clash with aston villa all the more important . louis van gaal 's side sit fourth in the barclays premier league standings as the season enters the closing stages , boasting a five-point cushion over the chasing pack after winning so impressively at liverpool before the international break . juan mata 's brace earned united a deserved 2-1 triumph at anfield to give them a buffer over the reds , as well as fellow top-four contenders southampton and tottenham . manchester united captain wayne rooney feels the club are on course to qualify for the champions league . united midfielder juan mata scored a fantastic brace against liverpool to secure his side a 2-1 win at anfield . the second of mata 's goals was a brilliant improvised scissor kick to give united a 2-0 lead in the second-half . however , rooney is well aware how quickly things can change , admitting nothing less than victory will suffice when aston villa come to aston villa on saturday . ' yes it was ( a six-pointer at liverpool ) , but that means nothing if we do n't beat aston villa on saturday , ' the united captain said . ' obviously arsenal play liverpool as well , so if we can get the win against villa that will be an even better result than liverpool was for us . ' i think there are still eight games left . we are in a good position at the minute so it 's in our own hands , so have to make sure we do it . ' rooney and several of his united team-mates only returned home from international duty on wednesday afternoon after a technical fault on the england team plane delayed their departure from turin . it meant an extra night in italy , where it looked like they would be leaving after a night to forget as graziano pelle punished the three lions ' poor first-half display . however , andros townsend 's wonder strike saw england secure a 1-1 draw following a much-improved performance after half-time , when roy hodgson 's bold substitutions paid off - as did his decision to partner rooney with full debutant harry kane . the england skipper had spent the first half in midfield role as hodgson tinkered with his side , although he is not allowing that experimentation to be an excuse . ' i think it 's important in tournament football you might need that , so that 's what we were doing , ' the 29-year-old said . rooney competes for the ball with italy defender andrea ranocchia during tuesday 's international friendly . rooney runs forward with the ball during the friendly match at the juventus stadium in turin on tuesday . ' we were trying a few different things out because you never know with injuries and suspensions in tournament football . the best time to do it is obviously in the friendlies . ' you could clearly see in the first half that it did n't work so i think the manager made good changes at the right time which helped us to get back into the game . ' obviously i have n't played in midfield for a few weeks . sometimes it is difficult to go from up front to midfield or from midfield to up front - sometimes it does take time . ' i had a few chances and could have scored , so i felt i played better when i went up front . ' united team-mate phil jones was another to struggle away from his preferred position , looking lost at times at the base of the diamond . he looked more assured when he dropped back into defence after chris smalling complained of feeling unwell and was replaced by michael carrick late in the opening period . the 33-year-old had not played for england since october 2013 before these matches and rooney loves having his club-mate around . ' i felt michael carrick was the best player on the pitch by a mile , ' he said . ' he gave us great composure , he slowed the game down when we needed to and started our attacks really well . ' asked if carrick has been under-rated throughout his career , rooney said : ' not from me and certainly not from manchester united fans . ' i think he is a fantastic player . he has been a big reason why , at united , we have won so many trophies over the last few years . so from myself and his team-mates , he has not been under-estimated . ' united and england midfielder michael carrick has been singled out for his strong performance against italy . 