a man whose car smashed into a geelong house leaving a baby girl in an induced coma was allegedly attacked by a man who was inside the home at the time of the crash . the driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling , witnesses told the herald sun . police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout just after 8.30pm on sunday . scroll down for video . a baby girl is in hospital with life-threatening injuries after a car crashed into the bedroom of a geelong house . her parents , who are in their 20s and were in the room at the time , are in geelong hospital with minor injuries . detectives from the major collision investigation unit are at the scene on the corner of fellmongers road and boundary road in breakwater . the four-month-old girl was airlifted to the royal children 's hospital in melbourne where she remains in an induced coma with life-threatening head injuries . a man and a woman in their 20s , who were in the bedroom at the time of the crash , are in geelong hospital with minor injuries . the driver , a 20-year-old grovedale man , is under police guard in geelong hospital and is yet to be questioned . ' as he 's entered the intersection at boundary road , he 's failed to negotiate the roundabout and has in fact driven straight across the roundabout and crashed into the front room of a house , ' detective sergeant andrew kilpatrick said . the four-month-old girl was airlifted to the royal children 's hospital in melbourne . police say a car crashed through a fence and into the breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout just after 8.30pm on sunday . ' the intersection is well lit ... nothing that we can see here with road conditions and weather conditions would have contributed to the accident . ' detectives from the major collision investigation unit are at the scene . neighbours who heard the moment of impact said it sounded ' like an explosion ' .