mirko ‘ cro crop’ filipovic is desperate to scratch his eight-year itch when he takes on gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday . cro crop lost to the brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at ufc 70 . but he is confident he can avenge the defeat on home territory . mirko filipovic ( right ) faces gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday , eight years after losing to the brazilian . in 2007 , filipovic ( right ) was beaten by a first-round head kick and wants to avenge that defeat . filipovic admitted revenge is a motivating factor ahead of the encounter against gonzaga . ‘ i want to beat all the opponents who have beaten me before , ’ cro crop said . ‘ but especially this fight because i lost to him and this time i feel better motivated and more prepared than i did last time . ‘ he [ gonzaga ] is a big guy . he is tough - he always goes for the victory and sometimes he is successful , sometimes he is less successful . but he definitely is a tough opponent for everyone . ‘ i don’t want to think too far ahead - i am focusing on this fight and whatever is next , will happen . ‘ i am in really great shape . my training is great - i keep the same schedule of training and i am prepared and ready for this fight . ‘ i have been training with stipe [ miocic ] - he is a really great guy . we have been training really hard to prepare for both of our fights . he is just a great guy to train with and to be around . ‘ all of the people i have lost against , i always want to fight again . ufc decided it would be gonzaga and yes i wanted this rematch very much . ’ gonzaga , meanwhile , insists he does not view the fight as a rematch , given the eight-year wait . ‘ i didn’t make any mistakes [ in his last fight against cro cop ] and he did make one , and i tried to capitalise on that , ’ he said . ‘ eight years can change a lot . so much can change in that time so i do not consider this a rematch ; i consider this a new fight . ‘i’ve got better in that time - my skill set has got better . ‘i’m going to try to avoid his high kick . but i will be ready wherever the fight goes . gonzaga said he does not consider the fight with filipovic a rematch because of the gap of eight years . gonzaga believes that his skillset has got even better since the last time he took on filipovic . ‘that’s the thing about the heavyweight division in the ufc , you know , one punch can change everything . ‘ i believe people are never going to forget our first fight . but right now i just need to win this fight . ‘ i always need to keep working towards the title shot . i am always trying to get there and i’m here to do that , to move closer to it . ’ 