phoenix mercury standout player brittney griner and fiancee and fellow wnba player glory johnson have been arrested following a fight at their phoenix home . the 24-year-olds were both arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on wednesday afternoon and booked into jail but were later released . several people at the couple 's home tried to stop griner , who is 6'8 '' , and johnson , who is 6'3 '' , from fighting after an argument turned physical , according to a police report . johnson 's sister ultimately called cops to help break up the fight after the couple started throwing things at each other in the living room , according to azcentral . scroll down for video . arrest : brittney griner , left , and her fiancee and fellow wnba player glory johnson , both 24 , were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on wednesday and have since been released from jail . happier times : police were called after a fight at their home in a phoenix suburb turned physical . ' we could n't get them pulled apart , ' the sister , judy johnson told police officers when they arrived . griner told police officers that she and her fiancee had just bought their first home together and had been arguing a lot . according to tmz , griner told police that she threw a dog bowl at the wall . ' it turned into a fight . broke up . we kept arguing , mouthing back and forth , clashed again , separated us , clashed again , separated us , and here we are now , ' she said , according to the report . she had what appeared to be a tooth mark on her hand , as well as other injuries to her wrist and fingers , police noted . johnson had suffered cuts to her lip . goodyear police spokeswoman lisa kutis said no weapons were involved and neither woman required hospital care for their minor injuries . they were taken into custody around 5pm on wednesday but neither wished to press charges , and they were released from jail at 4am on thursday . star player : griner helped the phoenix mercury win a championship this past september . she led the league with a record 129 blocks and was the wnba defensive player of the year . the fight follows this loving instagram post griner shared just one day before their arrest . the pair announced their engagement late last summer and are expected to wed next month . johnson plays for the tulsa shock , and team president steve swetoha said they were looking into the situation . ' of course our first concern is for glory 's well-being and health , ' he said . griner helped the phoenix mercury win a championship this past september . she led the league with a record 129 blocks and was the wnba defensive player of the year . she also helped the u.s. win a gold medal last month at the world championship . griner is a two-time ap college basketball player of the year and led baylor to a 40-0 season and the 2012 ncaa title . she was the no . 1 pick by the mercury in the 2013 draft . engagement : the couple shared news of their engagement on instagram last summer . the arrest come shortly after an appearance by the couple on a tlc show wedding dress shopping . on thursday , phoenix mercury executive vice president and general manager jim pitman said : ' the mercury organization is aware of an alleged incident involving brittney griner . ' we are in the process of gathering additional information , and will have no further comment at this time . ' wnba spokesperson dina skokos added : ' we are aware of the incident involving brittney griner and glory johnson and are working with the phoenix mercury and tulsa shock organizations to obtain more information . '