palermo defender roberto vitiello hopes the sicilian outfit can improve its dismal form on the road starting on sunday at udinese . the islanders have not tasted victory away from home since november 2 when they won 2-0 at ac milan . mired in a three-game losing streak following last weekend 's 2-1 defeat at home to milan , palermo are in 11th place and feeling a sense of urgency to turn things around . roberto vitiello ( left ) feels his side need to start winning away from home and ending their poor record . ' we need to keep working hard in order to defend our serie a status as soon as possible , ' vitiello said to the italian press . ' we are disappointed not to have collected anything from our last three league games . ' but we must bounce back . sunday 's game at udinese is important and we will give our all to clinch our second win on the road this season in friuli . ' palermo , coached by giuseppe iachini , have picked up just two points in their last six league games . udinese are 13th in the standings and one point adrift of palermo . mattia destro ( right ) fights for the ball with vitiello during the italian serie a football match palermo vs milan . after falling victim to bottom-side parma in midweek , the friuli side are vulnerable in their own stadium . udinese have not won in their last four games and coach andrea stramaccioni is desperate for a positive reaction from his players . ' against parma , we had the wrong approach to the game , ' he said . ' my players underestimated parma and we paid the price . ' we lacked determination and did n't take a shot on goal . ' now we must turn the page immediately and show against palermo , the real udinese . ' udinese were beaten by bottom-side udinese last time out as they slip closer to the relegation zone . udinese have struggled to deliver at home and have mustered just one win in their last nine games at friuli stadium . the hosts must overcome the absence of defender ivan piris and midfielder giampiero pinzi , both serving a one-match ban . palermo are without midfielder edgar barreto , who is sidelined for three weeks with a muscular injury . argentinian forward paulo dybala , who is palermo 's top scorer with 13 goals , will lead the rossaneri 's attack on sunday with franco vazquez playing in support . highly-coveted forward paulo dybala will lead the line for palermo as they look to pick up three points . 