fifa vice-president jim boyce claimed on wednesday night that the sfa were ‘ entirely wrong’ in their move to ban josh meekings from the scottish cup final . the inverness caley thistle centre-half will learn on thursday whether he has been successful in challenging the one-match suspension offered by compliance officer tony mcglennan . meekings was charged over the handball that thwarted a leigh griffiths effort in their semi-final victory - an incident which also prompted celtic to write to the sfa seeking ‘ an understanding’ of why no penalty and red card followed . inverness defender josh meekings ' arm blocks the ball and prevents a goal to celtic on sunday . meekings has been retrospectively suspended for one match , the punishment he would have got if sent off . but northern irishman boyce , who is also chairman of fifa’s referees committee , believes the only potential punishment should be levelled at match referee steven mclean and his assistants . ‘ this sets a very dangerous precedent , i am absolutely , 100 per cent against the compliance officer becoming involved because the referee’s decision is final , ’ said boyce . ‘ it is a totally different matter if someone has gone over the top , or committed a serious foul , or head-butted someone and the referee has missed it . ‘ those are disciplinary issues . but what happened here is that the referee has made a mistake regarding a hand-ball and that’s the end of it . there is no way the player should now be disciplined for that . ‘ who is to say it was even intentional ? if the scottish fa or their referees committee decide that they feel a serious mistake was made then they could take action in the future against that referee . ‘ the only punishment , if any punishment at all is due , should be made if the scottish fa feel the officials in charge of this game acted improperly and made the wrong decision . ’ fifa 's head of referees jim boyce says the suspension of a player for an unpunished handball is wrong . inverness is appealing the ruling that , if upheld , will deny meekings ( right ) a place in the scottish cup final . the sfa’s disciplinary rules provide scope for action against sending-off offences not seen by the referee , including denying the opposition a goal or an obvious goalscoring opportunity . and former compliance officer vincent lunny believes meekings should brace himself to miss the showpiece against falkirk on may 30 . ‘ look at the different options — any way you look at it , he would have missed the final , ’ said lunny . meekings ( right ) celebrates inverness 's 3-2 win over celtic in their scottish cup semi-final . ‘ i suppose it’s natural to feel sympathetic for a player who is potentially missing out on a place in the scottish cup final , which might be a once-in-a-lifetime chance . ‘ but if steven mclean had seen it at the time , he’d have been sent off and he’d be missing the final had inverness gone on to win ; and if he ( meekings ) hadn’t done it , celtic would have scored and there’s a good chance they would have gone on to win , so again josh meekings would have missed the final . ‘ i think it will be an uphill struggle , especially after ( inverness manager ) john hughes’s comments on the radio saying it was a sending-off matter . ’ 