it may not be a looker , but the lusitanian toadfish can do much more than croak . the fish , which lives in rocky crevices in the mediterranean sea and atlantic ocean and glides over the muddy sea floor , can whistle , croak and grunt . scientists have found that halobatrachus didactylus makes five types of calls not only to attract a mate , but to warn off rivals too may be trying to swipe their nesting site . lusitanian toadfish ( pictured ) make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates . the fish woo females with long , rhythmical boatwhistles , which also act as a deterrent to love rivals , male fish woo females with long , rhythmical noises that sound like boat whistles , which also act as a deterrent to love rivals , new scientist reported . they build nests under rocks during mating season , which runs from may to july and sing to attract female visitors . if they are successful , the pair mate and the male looks after young that hatch from sticky eggs until they are ready to fend for themselves after around a month . because males , which grow up to 20 inches ( 50cm ) long , are fiercely territorial , their song also serves as a warning for rivals to stay away . males build nests under rocks during mating season ( pictured ) , which runs from may to july and sing to attract female visitors . the creature is well camouflaged so sound is the best way to get attention . this is important because males nest close together to one another and form singing choruses like frogs or toads to demonstrate their virility and strength . the whistles vary according to the size of the fish , meaning that specific calls from larger specimens are particularly effective at deterring another fish from picking a fight and stealing a nest . lusitanian toadfish typically weigh more than four lbs ( 2kg ) and their large , flat heads and wide mouths , make them look like toads , giving their their name . portuguese scientists discovered that the sounds made by lusitanian toadfish indicate who they are , their motivation and information about their nest . if they are successful , the pair mate and the male looks after young that hatch from sticky eggs until they are ready to fend for themselves after around a month . here , a female lays eggs , which stick to the roof of a nest . the experts analysed the frequencies of different songs . water temperature , tide level , fish motivation and the level of social interactions affected most acoustic parameters analysed ( shown above ) . for example , during low tide , the sounds made by the fish were shorter in duration and had lower main frequencies . male mice sing to woo females , scientists claim . they also change their tune depending on whether she is within sight or not . the females , meanwhile , seem to like some of the songs more than others . in a quirky study that could shed help shed light on autism and other conditions that involve difficulties in communication , researchers from duke university in north carolina studied male mice that were either placed in a cage with a female – or one with just her scent . special equipment was used to record and analyse their squeaks , which are so high-pitched that people can’t hear them . this revealed that they sang one song when they could simply smell a female and another one when they could see her . when they could merely smell a potential mate , they belted out an extremely shrill and complex song , perhaps in an attempt to make themselves known . but when she was within sight , they serenaded her more softly . these songs also had a more simple structure and were longer . clara amorim of ispa university institute in portugal studied the different sounds made by the fish , which contracts muscles in its swim bladders to release air , a little like bagpipe . it makes different sounds by contracting its bladders in various ways . to prove that ' boatwhistles ' are used as a deterrent as well as for seduction , her team deflated the swim bladders of fish under anaesthesia , so that the creatures could still contract their muscles , but were rendered silent . the team found that mute males were more likely to face intruders in their nests , suggesting that ' boatwhistles ' are an effective warning siren . ‘ boatwhistles are a cheap way to exclude intruders without engaging in a fight , ’ dr amorim said . ‘ seeing that a nest is occupied is not as effective as hearing that there is a male in the nest eager to defend its territory . ’ the sounds are modified by environmental factors such as tide level and water temperature as well as courtship motivation and by social interactions . for example , during low tide , the water temperature rises slightly and it 's harder for sound to travel in shallow waters , which means that fewer fish sing and their noises are shorter in length and lower in pitch . they found that males that are desperate to mate sing a lot more at higher frequencies with longer notes . males singing as part of a chorus sing more than they do when they are alone . fish that sing the most , were found to be capable of a contracting their sound-producing muscles more and therefore showed that their body is in good condition . this means that males that can sing for longer have more energy reserves to defend the nest and to care for the eggs , and could enjoy higher social status and reproductive success as a result . other fish sing too , such as clownfish , which click their jaws together to scare off intruders . male lusitanian toadfish build nests under rocks during mating season , which runs from may to july and sing to attract female visitors . other fish sing too , such as clownfish ( pictured ) , which click their jaws together to scare off intruders .