justin rose might just have made the most important pencil mark of his entire career to put himself in contention at augusta this weekend . the 2013 us open champion ended the day on seven under , sharing third place and is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader jordan spieth . but it took a neat bit of psychology to rescue his round after a disastrous start as he tried to build on his opening-day 67 . rose bogeyed three of the first four holes , finding himself playing from the trees as he recovered from wayward tee shots . and that was where the magic pencil line came to his rescue . he revealed : ‘ i was feeling really uncomfortable with my game , so i drew a line on my scorecard at that point , like you draw a line in the sand . justin rose battled back from a nightmare start and is in contention at augusta . rose tees off at the 18th as he now sits joint third , seven shots behind runaway leader jordan spieth . rose flips his club after hitting from a trap on the 13th during a decent round for the englishman . ‘ i told myself to move on and take one shot at a time . i made a great birdie at the 5th and that rallied me , and after that i played with the same rhythm as the first day . ’ the dramatic transformation was then followed by a spectacular back nine with birdies at both par threes , putting tee shots to within a few feet of the hole both times . and 34-year-old rose believes the change of fortune can continue into the weekend . he said : ‘i’m starting seven back and jordan has played beautifully so far , but we all know a lot can happen . there’s magic out there on this course and it’s up to me to make something special happen . ’ maybe ian poulter could borrow rose’s pencil after a disappointing day in which his putter couldn’t get going . he was par for the round after bogeying the 18th and sits at one over for the tournament . he said on twitter : ‘ really disappointed . it’s simply unacceptable and disgraceful putting — 34 putts for level par is pathetic . ’ earlier , 19-year-old scot bradley neil had a tough day , shooting a 79 and finishing 13 over . he has ben tipped for big things by rory mcilroy but admitted : ‘i’d prepared well for this , but it shows my game is not good enough yet , ’ he admitted . ‘ i need to work hard on it if i want to get back here . ’ 