it is a leap of faith that could easily have ended in disaster . but thankfully , stunt performer antti pendikainen had attached a parachute to his snowmobile to safely deposit him on the ground after driving his vehicle off a mountain . captured on camera , these amazing images show the moment the finnish driver took to the skies . finnish stunt performer , antti pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in riksgrnsen , sweden . captured on camera , this adrenalin fuelled footage shows the moment a daredevil driver took to the skies after racing his snowmobile off the edge of a mountain . the group managed to strap materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine . instead of plummeting 1500 metres to his death , pendikainen , defied gravity by floating effortlessly above the snowy peaks of riksgränsen in sweden thanks to a parachute attached to the vehicle . but what might sound like a nightmare , white-knuckle ride for most people was a walk in the park for antti who is seen casually spinning on his seat mid-flight and even waving at a trailing helicopter . the brain child of finnish extreme sports group , stunt freak team , the barmy bunch spent just three hours conjuring up the plan before beginning test flights . by using wood from an old truck bed , a tandem parachute and of course , duct tape , the group managed to strap the materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine . antti is seen casually spinning on his seat mid-flight and even waving at a trailing helicopter . instead of plummeting 1500 metres to his death , pendikainen , defied gravity by floating effortlessly . the brain child of finnish extreme sports group , stunt freak team , the barmy bunch spent just three hours conjuring up the plan before beginning test flights . filmed using a go pro camera attached to antti 's head , as well as shots taken from a helicopter tailing the snowmobile , the video reveals the staggering views of the surrounding snow-white landscape . after a four-minute ride and a bumpy landing , antti is then seen landing the contraption before coming safely to a stop . a spokesperson at stunt freaks team said : ' we were thinking of ways to perform a snowmobile base jump when we began to wonder whether it would be possible to attach a parachute to a snowmobile and make it fly . what might sound like a nightmare , white-knuckle ride for most people was a walk in the park for antti . after a four-minute ride and a bumpy landing , antti is then seen landing the contraption before coming safely to a stop . filmed using a go pro camera attached to antti 's head the video reveals the staggering views of the surrounding snow-white landscape . ' this is the first time we have tried anything like this , it was the stuff of tv as the first sled was ready for test drive in just three hours . ' we built the flying machine using an old truck bed , wood from the loading platform , a tandem parachute and duct tape . ' antti left the side of the mountain at full throttle , his heart rate was little over 195bpm during the flight and even faster when he drove off the cliff . ' it is actually possible to drive the snow mobile whilst in air , you can control the drive by pulling the ropes on either side of the parachute . ' when you are in the air it feels like you are riding a snowmobile without gravity , it 's very relaxing and very exciting . ' in its infancy , the project was originally looking at ways to perform a snowmobile base jump . the finnish daredevil drives the snow mobile while in the air by pulling the ropes on either side of the parachute . 