hillary clinton has told a series of whoppers about her family history in order to appear more sympathetic to immigrants'-rights activists , according to documents that surfaced online wednesday . buzzfeed found u.s. census records and selective service documents – draft cards – that establish that three of the former secretary of state 's grandparents were born in america . that clashes with what clinton herself has claimed publicly , including wednesday afternoon in norwalk , iowa . scroll down for video . clinton claimed on wednesday that all of her grandparents ' came over ' from other countries , but in fact only one was born outside the us . hillary was participating in a staged ' roundtable ' discussion about small business issues in norwalk , iowa . ' all my grandparents , you know , came over here , ' she said during a small business roundtable event , ' and you know my grandfather went to work in lace mill in scranton , pennsylvania , and worked there until he retired at 65 . he started there when he was a teenager and just kept going . ' clinton made the statment to underscore her support for changing the status of milions of illegal immigrants . ' we are turning down people who really want to work , ' she said . ' i mean , they are here to work . and a lot of them now have children who are american citizens , and they are doing the best they can to try to make a good life for themselves and their families . ' the underpinnings of her personal story , however , seem false . staging : most reporters were kept out of the capital city fruit company ' for space reasons ' although the warehouse had plenty of room to go around . both of clinton’s maternal grandparents , named della howell and edwin howell , were born in illinois , according to buzzfeed 's records research . and while her paternal grandfather , hugh rodham sr. , immigrated to the u.s , his wife hanna jones rodham was born in pennsylvania . in a speech last year in kentucky , clinton claimed hanna ' immigrated with her family as a young girl to scranton [ pennnsylvania ] and went to work , very young , in a silk mill . ' ' she traced her methodism back to the wesley brothers themselves , ' clinton said , ' who converted her great grandparents in the small coal mining villages of southern wales . ' the clinton camp quickly acknowledged the accurate rodham family history . ' as has been correctly pointed out , ' a campaign spokesperson told buzzfeed , ' while her grandfather was an immigrant , it appears that hillary’s grandmother was born shortly after her parents and siblings arrived in the u.s. in the early 1880s . ' but the insider insisted that mrs. clinton had simply believed what her family members had told her . ' her grandparents always spoke about the immigrant experience and , as a result she has always thought of them as immigrants , ' the spokesperson said .