england 's new record wicket-taker james anderson has promised there is more to come as he believes he is still improving as a bowler . anderson induced an edge from west indies captain denesh ramdin on the final day of the first test in antigua for his 384th test scalp on friday , breaking sir ian botham 's record which had stood for 23 years . anderson , 32 , broke the record in the same match which saw him collect his landmark 100th cap for england , although there was disappointment as england could not force a victory . james anderson races away to celebrate after he claimed his record-breaking 384th wicket . anderson is mobbed by his england team-mates after he broke sir ian botham 's long-standing record . anderson is congratulated by botham as he leaves the field following the day 's action in antigua . in his column in the sun on sunday , anderson wrote : ' i am convinced i can still improve as a bowler and take plenty more wickets for england . ' he added : ' there is no way i am going to rest on my laurels and enter cruise control just because i have the record . i 'm going to work damn hard to try to get better . ' i can definitely improve , i can learn more tricks . for example , the leg-cutter with which i took my record 384th wicket was delivery i learned from stuart broad as recently as the world cup . ' anderson said he had no intention of setting himself targets in terms of either tests played or wickets taken for england because ' i do n't want to put limits on anything ' but said he is learning to pace himself in order to be able to play more regularly . ' i feel fit enough and strong enough to bowl in the high-80s if i need to but i 'm also sensible enough to realise you ca n't do it all the time , ' he said . ' i 'm quite relieved the record is out of the way and i can concentrate on doing my job for the rest of the series . ' botham has a word with anderson following his bowling feat at the sir vivian richards stadium . andersons ' parents and his wife daniella ( centre ) applaud from the stands following his seismic wicket . 