a 33-year-old woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at washington county jail six times over four months while working as a services technician cried in court wednesday as a judge rejected her request to use an insanity defense . brett robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year . robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect . the report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ' vulnerable , passive and gullible ' . however at a motion hearing , circuit judge andrew erwin ruled the evidence was insufficient and that robinson would have to go to trial on april 28 without it . the judge went in favor of the prosecution , who said the report should have been filed as evidence last year if the defense were going to argue insanity . defense denied : a judge ruled wednesday that attorneys for brett robinson , 33 , waited too long to file an insanity defense , ruling evidence that she was suffering from mental illness when she engaged in sex acts with a prison inmate last year as insufficient . charged : robinson allegedly brought the male inmate into the control where she worked at washing county jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket . state law says that defendants should file notice regarding evidence of mental disease or defect when they plead not guilty , oregon live reported . the judge said the defense filing it on april 10 was ' untimely ' and that he did n't want to delay the trial . the case follows that of her colleague lisa curry , 39 , who last month was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist . robinson , who worked in a maximum security control room known as ' the bubble ' , struck up a relationship with the inmate - who has not been named - in a nearby cell . the two would talk using an intercom when robinson 's manager left the room . according to the psychologist 's report obtained by robinson felt flattered by the compliments she got from the inmate and started to ' open up to him ' early last year.then , in march , the inmate asked for a kiss on his birthday . when her manager went to lunch , robinson released the inmate from his cell and brought him into the bubble . she thought it strange that he brought a blanket with him from the cell , the report said . ' he kissed me so passionately , i was taken aback . ' i asked about the blanket . ' he said ''i was hoping we could go farther '' . ' then he was saying ''we do n't have time to discuss this '' , so i had sex with him . ' new protocol : in the wake of the scandal , the washington county jail has added surveillance cameras and beefed up security throughout the facility to prevent anything like this from happening again . on trial : brett robinson , 33 , faces charges of first-degree custodial sexual misconduct and first-degree official misconduct . they continued having sexual encounters , the report said , and robinson wrote the inmate a love letter that began with ' hi baby ' . the letter said : ' i am hoping this letter will better convey the love i feel deep inside for you . ... you are a constant presence in my thoughts , fantasies and dreams , and i feel this pervasive emptiness without you by my side . it makes it hard to go about my normal daily activities when all i do is miss you . you are my everything , baby – i could not envision my life without you in it . ' however the relationship began to sour when robinson started hearing about the abusive conduct of the inmate elsewhere in the prison . he had passed a sexually explicit note to a nurse and also pushed a female prisoner against a wall and kissed her . the psychologist noted that robinson was delusional about the man . the report also said she had struggled with depression and anxiety since childhood . ' there is evidence that these delusions developed in this generally vulnerable , passive and gullible woman as part of a major depressive and anxiety episode , ' the doctor wrote . robinson was caught when the inmate brought up their relationship to a prison employee during an investigation about jill curry . the prosecution is fighting against robinson using the insanity defense . in march curry was sentenced to four years and two months prison . that case was very similar to the allegations against robinson . curry was also a services technician and was convicted of letting gang member jang-li delgado galban , 25 , who was housed in the jail 's maximum-security unit , out of his cell and have sex with him in a supply closet . ex-washington county jail staffer jill curry , 39 , cries in court last month as she was sentenced to more than four years in prison for repeatedly having sex with an inmate in a supply closet . curry , who is married to a sheriff 's deputy , pleaded guilty last month to custodial sexual misconduct and other charges stemming from her contact with delgado galban . authorities said the sexual misconduct occurred while a deputy was at lunch , when curry , a civilian jail services technician , was alone in the unit 's control room , reports the oregonian . curry pushed a button to unlock the inmate 's cell and the pair would then meet in the supply closet to have sexual relations . this occurred 13 times , said prosecutor jeff lesowski . a probation officer who conducted a pre-sentencing investigation had recommended a prison sentence of less than two years , which the defense asked the judge to impose . judge bailey went above the state 's recommendation when sentencing curry . the multnomah county sheriff 's office first started their investigation into curry 's actions on july 8 , 2014 , when someone called into the professional standards unit to report the jail services technician . curry had claimed that jang-li delgado galban , a 25-year-old gang member housed in the jail 's maximum-security unit , had seduced her . curry was placed on administrative leave that day , pending a criminal investigation . she had been working in the sheriff 's office since october 2004 , serving different parts of the jail including booking , inmate units and the control center . an article published in the oregonian in 2010 said that in december 2009 , delgado-galban , then 20 years old , allegedly broke into a woman 's apartment in hillsboro and raped her . the suspect later agreed to a plea deal , as part of which he admitted to one count of burglary with the intent to commit rape in exchange for having the rape charges dropped . in december 2010 , delgado-galban was sentenced to three years and eight months in prison , and ordered to register as a sex offender upon his release . but according to sheriff 's officials , he failed to meet the conditions of the plea agreement , which landed him behind bars in the washington county jail where he encountered curry . in the wake of the scandal , the washington county jail has added surveillance cameras and beefed up security throughout the facility to prevent anything like this from happening again .