from awkwardly handing a beggar some change , to failing at eating a bacon sandwich , it is fair to say labour spin doctors have so far failed to make ed miliband look cool . but now twitter users are attempting to give the somewhat uninspiring party leader a makeover , by editing his face on to famous men 's bodies . from hollywood legends marlon brando and harrison ford , to astronaut neil armstrong and even tv 's latest heart-throb poldark , these images prove there is nothing that photoshop can not achieve . scroll down for video . ed , ed miliband : in an attempt to make the labour leader look cool , twitter users have begun editing his face on to the body of famous men , including daniel craig as james bond in movie casino royale . what are you rebelling against ? while miliband 's poll ratings have shown him to be a consistently unpopular leader , these new pictures attempt to reverse that trend ( pictured here as marlon brando in the wild one ) . not buying it : the drastic reworking of miliband comes after he gained a reputation for appearing in awkward pictures , including eating a bacon sandwich ( pictured here on the body of don draper , from mad men ) . windswept : while tv viewers swooned over aidan turner 's poldark , ed miliband has consistently polled low in popularity ratings . loneliness has followed me : ed miliband re-imagined as taxi driver 's travis bickle , proving that with photoshop , anything is possible . heart-throb : even one direction 's harry styles ( left ) and mick jagger ( right ) have had the miliband makeover . cool ed miliband , which was created just last saturday , has already posted 45 images of the labour leader , and has attracted 3,500 followers . the twitter account says in its bio : ' politics should n't be about who 's cool and who is n't . but just in case it is for you , here 's some pictures of ed miliband looking cool . ' while some branded the account ' hilarious ' and ' so funny ' , others seemed less impressed . one user , going under the handle salford council news , commented : ' this is the closest he will ever get to being cool . ' ' say hello to my little friend ' : ed miliband in one of al pacino 's most memorable roles - tony montana in scarface . suave : ed miliband appears much cooler as indiana jones ( left ) or in pants as underwear model david gandy . iphone : the cool ed miliband account now has a tumblr blog where this image of the labour leader as apple founder steve jobs was posted . ed downey jr : the american actor and iron man star robert downey jr has n't escaped the photoshopping . football legend : a younger and tattooed version of ed appeared on the account when one user merged him with the former england star and model , david beckham . smug : another footballing legend , real madrid 's cristiano ronaldo did n't escape the miliband treatment either . out of this world : while some users branded the pictures ' hilarious ' and ' awesome ' , others were less impressed , saying they marked the closest miliband would get to being cool ( pictured as neil armstrong ) . england 's hero : ed miliband finds himself replacing david beckham in one of his underwear advertising posters in this image posted on twitter . come together : milband 's face is spliced with beatles lyricist john lennon in this image which is part of a twitter campaign to rework the labour leader 's image . ' i bring it ' : ed miliband pulls a stern face as he enters the ring on the body of dwayne ' the rock ' johnson . thinking of forming a boyband ed ? the labour leader rocking a pair of sunglasses as he 's superimposed on the body of noel gallagher . labour is coming : game of thrones character john snow is just one of the many famous faces to be given the ed miliband treatment online . commenting on a picture of miliband as al pachino 's character tony montana from scarface , james o'donnell quipped : ' someone get that man a bacon sarnie . good work . ' the labour leader has also been gaining support from another unlikely fan - a 17-year-old student , known only as abby , who declared her love for miliband on twitter . the teenager has 12,000 followers and claims to be the leader of # milifandom , a group of labour backers and miliband admirers , who use the hashtag to show their support . ed miliband 's popularity ratings have remained consistently behind that of his party since he was elected leader back in 2010 . at one point in 2014 he was voted the most unpopular leader ever behind michael foot , with just 13 per cent of those polled saying he was ready to be prime minister . looking good : russell brand 's usual angular features are replaced with ed miliband 's eyes and nose in this image which one twitter user branded ' disturbing ' . hulking out : miliband appears to have take to the gym in this shot which sees the labour leader 's face edited on to the body of wrestler hulk hogan . star wars : harrison ford looks a little different after being spliced with miliband ( left ) while mark hammill as luke skywalker ( right ) also got the miliband treatment . enter the dragon : ed miliband is looking more muscular here as his face is superimposed onto the body of martial artist bruce lee . what makes you beautiful : the one direction boys have n't said they are looking for a new member to replace zayn malik yet , but they might when they see this image of the labour leader ed miliband in the line-up . ed milibond : dressed in a suave grey suit , the labour leader is superimposed on yet another photograph of secret agent , james bond . scarface : ed miliband looks imposing as al pacino 's character tony montana in the american crime drama . toughening up : brad pitt starred in the 1999 movie fight club , but here 's how miliband would 've looked in the role instead . uncanny : samuel l. jackson has a new partner in this mock up of quentin tarantino 's 90s classic pulp fiction . to survive war you got ta become war : ed miliband has been superimposed with several hunkier men - here he 's taken on sylvester stallone 's character of rambo in first blood . the ed-vengers : miliband teams up with his other labour peers in this iconic film poster for marvel classic the avengers . i want to break free : the labour leader dons a moustache as he 's mocked up to look like queen singer freddie mercury . the great escape : the labour leader has been superimposed on the body of steve mcqueen in the 1963 world war two adventure . rock star : users posting to the twitter account cooledmiliband have even turned him into mick jagger . come as you are : ed miliband rocks long blonde locks and a guitar after being spliced with kurt cobain of nirvana fame .