the family of a young italian woman who was killed in a horror car crash in perth are pleading with the australian public to help them as they can not afford to bring her body home to be buried . on april 6 – easter monday - martina riccioni and her best friend antoinettia caffero , 21 , were involved in a horrific head-on collision when the car they were in veered into oncoming traffic as they drove home from margaret river . ms riccioni was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident after suffering catastrophic injuries . scroll down for video . family of italian woman killed in a horror car crash in perth are pleading with the australian public to help them bring her body home to italy . they have started a crowdfunding appeal on ' go fund me ' to raise up to $ 20,000 to transport her body . on easter monday , martina riccioni and her friend antoinettia caffero , 21 , were involved in head-on collision . ms caffero remains in hospital in a critical condition . she can not breathe without assistance and is being treated for a broken back , two broken legs and a fractured neck . ms riccioni 's devastated family in italy can not afford to bring her home so have turned to crowdfunding out of desperation , hoping for the kindness of strangers . the transportation of her body could cost as much as $ 20,000 . the appeal on ' go fund me ' titled ' help get martina home , ' has already seen more than $ 13,000 donated by 367 complete strangers that hope to see the 23-year-old laid to rest in her hometown . ms riccioni and boyfriend vince andretta met 6 months ago when she moved to australia to start a new life . he warned her about the dangers of australian roads and that they were a lot faster than those in italy . ms riccioni and her boyfriend vince andretta met six months ago when she moved to australia to start a new life . he warned her about the dangers of australian roads and that they were a lot faster than those in italy with aggressive drivers . he has urged the public to help ms riccioni 's family to get her body home . ‘ even if it’s a dollar anything will help , just to get her home , ' mr andretta told channel nine news . ' whilst in perth martina met her soulmate and began creating a life for herself in perth , ' the crowdfunding appeal says . he has urged the public to help her family to get her body home so it can be buried in her hometown . ms riccioni was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident . ‘ even if it’s a dollar anything will help , just to get her home , ' mr andretta told channel nine news . ' martina riccioni is a beautiful young woman who travelled to perth from italy in order to create a better life for herself . ' please help get mr and mrs riccioni 's daughter 's body home so they can give her the proper send off like she deserves ( and ) allow them to say goodbye to their daughter for the last time , ' ms riccioni 's boyfriend 's father carlo said . mr andretta also wanted to issue a warning to tourists . ' the roads here are not like the autobahns in italy , well lit and made for speed , ' carlo told abc . ' i 've driven on country roads most of my life and i know you just do n't know what 's around the corner . '    