a deskbound worker has used a gopro camera to capture a unique view of his boring office job , turning even the most mundane day-to-day tasks into a high octane activities . daniel williams , from toronto , filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom , before editing all of the clips together to offer an action-packed perspective of his regular daily life . the video , which is titled ' boring office job gopro commercial ' , has clearly struck a chord with people working in similar jobs around the globe , with the video already attracting an impressive three million views since being uploaded to youtube last week . office space : daniel williams , an office worker from toronto , captured his entire day with a gopro camera . bright idea : mr williams came up with the idea after seeing other breathtaking gopro videos online . the 90-second video makes a change from the usual , dramatic content normally caught by such cameras which , thanks to their durability , are often used to film some of the most breathtaking moments in life from base jumps to shark encounters . this time , however , viewers are treated to mr williams removing staples , photocopying , stuffing envelopes , drinking coffee , and even going to the bathroom . all set to a techno beat , the pacey clip turns a regular 9-to-5 office job into something far more exhilarating . button pusher : in the 90-second video , mr williams filmed himself stapling , photocopying ( pictured ) and stuffing envelopes . downtime : there are also shots of mr williams drinking coffee and going to the toilet - all set to a techno beat soundtrack . stuffed : ' i wore my gopro to work one day and decided to edit the footage to the style of a gopro commercial , ' mr williams wrote . alongside the video , the toronto filmmaker wrote in the description : ' i wore my gopro to work one day and decided to edit the footage to the style of a gopro commercial . ' he said that he decided to take on office temp work in order to pay the bills between documentary projects . and it was whilst he was working for a real estate company for six months that he came up with the idea for the unique video . ' the job was a lot of very mundane repetitive tasks . for a creative guy like me it kind of killed me , ' mr williams told the new york daily news.. . doodling : in between films and documentaries mr williams takes on temporary office jobs . it was during one such clerical job that he came up with the idea . ready for launch ! mr williams says he thought it would be a funny idea to record everything he does during the day including playing with his pen . ‘ [ people always use gopro cameras to film ] these action videos , but the reality is the people who buy these cameras have everyday jobs , ’ he added . the video has thus far earned a huge amount of praise from viewers on youtube , many of whom have been quick to comment about how well mr williams has managed to capture the mundane repetition involved in a typical office job . ' so good . so accurate , ' said youtube user ryan bobbe . ' sometimes i wish i had a job like this instead of dealing with a mass amount of idiotic people a day ' wrote another .