for stuart mccall , the memories of may 11 , 1985 will never fade . as bradford city celebrated promotion from the old english third division , a day of joy quickly became one of devastation as a fire ripped through the timber main stand at valley parade towards the end of the first half , claiming 56 helpless victims . just 21 years of age , mccall returned to his car , only to find the door handle was burning hot because it had been parked so near to the blaze . upon learning his father , andy — one of a large group of mccall’s relatives at the game — had been badly burned and was missing , the young midfielder set off frantically through the streets of bradford . the fire at bradford city 's valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 . the 30th anniversary is approaching since the tragic fire that killed 56 people at bradford 's ground in 1985 . still wearing his boots and kit , he was finally reunited with his father in pinderfields hospital in wakefield . those hours represented the worst of his life but given that other families lost loved ones that day , mccall has always declared himself and his father the fortunate ones . so how would the rangers manager — who donated money from his 2002 testimonial to the bradford burns unit that cared for his father and so many others — react to bombshell claims this week that mere bad luck had perhaps played no role in the disaster ? a book written by martin fletcher , a bradford fan who lost three generations of his family in the blaze , says the incident was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned or associated with the club’s then chairman stafford heginbotham , in the previous 18 years , resulting in huge insurance claims . in his book fifty-six , published on thursday , fletcher believes the fire was not an accident and says he and his family are no longer willing to ‘ live the myth’ . fire engulfs valley parade on a day nobody can ever forget as 56 were killed at the football stadium . a police officer uses his helmet to shield the heat from his face as he runs in front of the stand on fire . from mccall’s annual visits to the club’s memorial services , he knows fletcher , who lost brother , andrew ( 11 ) — the youngest victim of the tragedy — as well as his father john ( 34 ) , uncle peter ( 32 ) and grandfather eddie ( 63 ) . he also knows heginbotham and attended the funeral of the ‘ great chairman’ in 1995 . to mccall , the verdict of inquiry judge sir oliver popplewell , who declared the fire had probably been started by a stray match , cigarette or pipe tobacco slipping through gaps on the floor on to a build-up of litter , remains the most likely cause of the tragedy . ‘ i get so caught up in this job managing rangers that i don’t always see the news but someone told me the other day that the bradford story had been on sky , ’ said mccall on friday . ‘ and then my missus mentioned it to me later that night when i got home . ‘ i know the ( fletcher ) family . i go to every memorial that i can and you meet the same people at these things . so i know the lad , who was very young at the time ( of the disaster ) , has brought out this book . then-bradford chairman stafford heginbotham ( left ) with mr justice popplewell in front of the burned stand . a 12-year-old martin fletcher is comforted by his mother susan in 1985 after the bradford fire disaster . ‘ but i also knew stafford . he was a great chairman and , not for one second , do i believe it was deliberate . he has passed away now and i was at his funeral . ‘ but i saw ( sir oliver ) popplewell said the actual stand wasn’t even insured , so they didn’t get any money for it anyway . for me , that just blows the theory out of the water . ’ mccall , who spent six years from 1982 to 1988 at valley parade , recalls one of his jobs in his early years was to clean the main stand . and he finds it hard to accept any foul play was behind the inferno . ‘ i used to sweep that stand , ’ he said . ‘ there were little holes and as you swept up ( bits of rubbish would fall down ) but you never gave a thought to what was underneath . but , over the years , all this rubbish has built up and it needed one cigarette . it has gone down a gap and then tragedy has struck . ’ former bradford player stuart mccall does not believe the fire was anything other than an accident . on saturday , mccall takes rangers to dumbarton where victory would leave the ibrox side four points ahead with two games remaining . should they win , hibs , who play falkirk in the scottish cup semi-final at lunchtime , would travel under pressure on wednesday to face a livingston side who are bottom of the table but enjoying a recent resurgence . and the ibrox boss insists he is not overly concerned by statistics which show that rangers have just one win in five on the road . ‘it’s all about the result at dumbarton . it is a game we have to win , simple as that . it doesn’t matter how we do it . it is about the three points . mccall prepares his players for saturday 's championship clash with dunbarton . ‘ i saw a stat that we have won only five games out of 15 , which is true . but we have lost one in 12 and won four out of the last six . and one of those wins , at hibs , was our best performance of the season away from home . so you can use stats in different ways . ’ mccall also backed his captain lee mcculloch , who has been the subject of criticism from rangers fans in recent weeks . he was red-carded for elbowing hearts striker osman sow and , on his return to the team after a two-match ban , rangers dropped two points at livvy . but mccall said : ‘ since i’ve been here , i would say the criticism has been unfair because he has not done a lot wrong . he is good in the dressing room and he is an important player for us . ’