a pregnant woman was saved after her partner dived under the capsized boat they were in to retrieve an emergency flare . the woman had been left in the water clinging to the hull of their overturned trimaran in the english channel yesterday . her partner had ensured she was safe , then tied a rope around himself , before diving under the vessel to locate the flare . the pregnant woman and her partner ( pictured waiting to be rescued ) were stranded off the coast of kent after their trimaran overturned yesterday . the alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in the water a mile from dungeness point , kent , at 3.30pm – and a rescue boat was sent to help them . the hm customs cutter valiant , which was on the water nearby , and was able to locate the upturned vessel within minutes and spotted a red flare . a coastguard spokesman said that the cutter stood by the vessel , ensuring the safety of those in the water , until an rnli lifeboat from dungeness arrived to pick the couple up from the water and take them ashore . they were taken to the william harvey hospital by the rescue helicopter from raf watisham . the spokesman said the pair were ' cold and shaken by the ordeal ' but unharmed . the alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in the water a mile from dungeness point , kent . bob giles , dover coastguard watch manager said : ' the couple were thrown into the water after their vessel capsized . ' both were wearing lifejackets and the man ensured that his partner was safe , then tied a rope around himself and dived under the vessel to retrieve a flare so that he could alert rescuers to their position . ' because they had ais ( automatic identification system ) on board they were easy to locate and so were rescued quickly . ' the member of the public who made the first call to the coastguard did exactly the right thing by calling 999 and asking for the coastguard . it meant that we were able to get rescuers to the scene within minutes of the vessel capsizing . ' 