a 36-year-old louisiana sheriff 's deputy was directing traffic near a school zone this morning when he was ambushed and shot three times in what has been described as a road rage incident sparked by an argument over traffic . st. charles parish sheriff greg champagne says cpl . burt hazeltine was directing school buses on us 90 near louisiana street in the town of paradis , just west of new orleans , when he was gunned down . a male suspect , later identified as former transportation safety administration worker 56-year-old paul devillier , was arrested a short time later after a brief ' tussle ' with officers . scroll down for video . paul devillier ( left ) , 56 , is accused of opening fire on cpl . burt hazeltine ( right ) as he was directing traffic in a school zone in suburban new orleans . hero cop : hazeltine , 36 , with st charles parish ( pictured here with his wife and four children ) , was shot three times in the face , elbow and eye thursday morning . bloody crime scene : the ambush took place on us 90 near louisiana street in the town of paradis , just west of new orleans . a deputy is seen swabbing what appears to be blood from the door of hazeltine 's squad car . champagne says at around 9.15am , the shooter pulled up to a convenience store , got out of his 2014 chevy silverado pickup and opened fire on hazeltine , who was hit in the face , elbow and eye . one of the bullets reportedly penetrated his lung . another bullet lodged behind his eye , and the 36-year-old law enforcement officer may be at risk of losing his sight . hazeltine is believed to have returned fire , but it was unclear whether paul devillier was wounded . champagne says hazeltine was in stable but guarded condition at interim lsu hospital thursday afternoon . two nearby schools , r.j. vial elementary and j.b. martin middle school , were briefly placed on lockdown after the shooting . devillier had two weapons on him at the time of his arrest . police say he does not have a criminal record but they suspect he suffers from mental health issues . road rage : devillier allegedly got into a verbal spat with hazeltine because the deputy refused to stop traffic and allow his 2014 chevy silverado ( pictured ) to make a turn . worried for their comrade : authorities walk outside lsu interim hospital , where hazeltine was listed in guarded but stable condition . burt hazeltine was alert as he was being transported to the hospital , and according to sheriff champagne , he even cracked a joke in the ambulance about his ordeal , reported nola.com . despite his severe injuries , the sheriff said a nurse attending to hazeltine told him he ' got lucky . ' during a press conference thursday afternoon , sheriff champagne revealed that before the shooting , devillier got into a verbal spat with hazeltine because the deputy refused to stop traffic and allow him to make a left turn onto louisiana avenue , reported fox 8 . according to officials , devillier then went to his father 's home and called the sheriff 's office , claiming to be an ncis agent and demanding to speak to sheriff champagne . he then drove back to the time saver convenience store and called over cpl hazeltine , who was still directing traffic . when the deputy approached devillier’s truck , he spotted a gun on the dashboard , pulled his service weapon and demanded the drive show his hands . survivor : hazeltine , pictured left with his wife , mandy , was in stable but guarded condition at interim lsu hospital . there is a concern he may go blind in one eye . happy family : hazeltine and his wife have been married for nearly 14 years and have two sons and two daughters together ( pictured ) . career officer : the 36-year-old has been on the force for about 15 years , most recently serving in the traffic division . that is when investigators say the 56-year-old opened fire on hazeltine . little is known about the suspect at this time , but sheriff 's officials said he was fired from tsa in 2013 and got a divorce that same year . burt hazeltine has been on the force about 15 years , serving in the traffic division . the deputy and his wife of nearly 14 years , mandy , have two sons and two daughters . those who know the couple described them to the advocate as devout christians who are very active in their community .