in the era of advanced dna profiling , police can usually identify a suspect with a single strand of hair or a tiny drop of blood . their techniques , however , fall apart if the suspect has a twin . identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes , meaning that until now it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from . but the problem has been solved by a team of british researchers . identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes , meaning that until now it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from . but researchers at the university of huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins ( illustrated ) . researchers at the university of huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins . the breakthrough may eradicate a stumbling block which has often meant it was impossible to tell which of the pair was guilty of a crime . identical twins start life with the same genes because they come from the same fertilised egg which divides into two embryos . but as they age different life experiences , such as smoking or diet , create variations in the number of hydrogen bonds in the dna . using a technique called high resolution melt curve analysis - or hrma - researchers can now identify the difference between each twin . hrma subjects the dna to increasingly high temperatures until the hydrogen bonds break , known as the melting temperature . the more hydrogen bonds that are present in the dna , the higher the temperature required to melt them . in 2013 , 22-year-old twins mohammed and aftab asghar were both charged with raping a 17-year-old woman in berkshire because the police were unsure which one dna evidence came from . mohammed was eventually convicted by a jury at reading crown court , and charges dropped against aftab because mobile phone evidence placed him elsewhere . but in some cases it has even led to prosecutions being dropped , rather than run the risk of convicting the wrong twin . murder charges were dropped in 2011 against orlando nembhard , 19 , accused of shooting a teenager outside a nightclub in arizona , the us , because prosecutors could not prove that he was the murderer rather than his twin , brandon . dr graham williams , who leads the forensic genetics research group at huddersfield , alongside leander stewart and their colleagues have now come up with a method which could solve such riddles . identical twins start life with the same genes because they come from the same fertilised egg which divides into two embryos . but as they age their different life experiences create a variation in the number of hydrogen bonds within dna ( illustrated ) . this could be caused by smoking , exposure to chemicals , or different diets . dr graham williams ( pictured ) , who leads the forensic genetics research group at huddersfield , found that by heating dna until its bonds break these subtle differences become apparent . the technique is based on the concept of dna methylation - the molecular mechanism that turns various genes on and off . method is called high resolution melt curve analysis ( hrma ) . the more hydrogen bonds present in dna , the higher the temperature needed to melt them . they have created a method of heating dna until its bonds break - identifying minute differences between two twins . identical twins start life with the same genes , because they come from the same fertilised egg which divides into two embryos . but as they grow older their different life experiences create a variation in the number of hydrogen bonds within the dna . this could be caused by smoking , sunshine , exposure to chemicals , or different diets . dr williams , whose research is published in the journal analytical biochemistry , says that using a technique called high resolution melt curve analysis - or hrma - can identify the difference between each twin . he said : ‘ what hrma does is to subject the dna to increasingly high temperatures until the hydrogen bonds break , known as the melting temperature . ‘ the more hydrogen bonds that are present in the dna , the higher the temperature required to melt them . ’ the technique is based on the concept of dna methylation - the molecular mechanism that turns various genes on and off . environmental factors alter the methylation status of dna , changing the way it works . in 2013 , twins aftab and mohammed asghar ( pictured left and right ) were both charged with raping a woman in berkshire because the police were unsure which one dna evidence came from . mohammed was eventually convicted and charges dropped against aftab because mobile phone evidence placed him elsewhere . in 2013 , 22-year-old twins mohammed and aftab asghar were both charged with raping a 17-year-old woman in berkshire because the police were unsure which one dna evidence came from . mohammed was eventually convicted by a jury at reading crown court , and charges dropped against aftab because mobile phone evidence placed him elsewhere . but in some cases it has even led to prosecutions being dropped , rather than run the risk of convicting the wrong twin . murder charges were dropped in 2011 against orlando nembhard , 19 , accused of shooting a teenager outside a nightclub in arizona because prosecutors could not prove he was the murderer rather than his twin , brandon . for example , if one twin has a job outdoors and the other a desk job , the methylation profile will be slightly different . crucially , methylation changes the number of hydrogen bonds . dr williams said : ‘ consequently , if one dna sequence is more methylated than the other , then the melting temperatures of the two samples will differ - a difference that can be measured , and which will establish the difference between two identical twins . ’ the technique has some limitations , dr williams acknowledges . for example young twins , or twins raised in highly similar environments , may not have yet developed sufficient methylation differences . the technique also requires a relatively large sample of dna , which might not always be present at the crime scene . ‘ nevertheless , we have demonstrated substantial progress towards a relatively cheap and quick test for differentiating between identical twins in forensic case work , ” dr williams said .