samantha crossland escaped a custodial sentence after the £22,000 she admitted stealing from her employer and friend had been repaid in full . the daughter of a millionaire lottery winning couple who stole over £22,000 from a children’s nursery has escaped jail - after the cash was paid back . samantha crossland , 30 , was pocketing parents’ fees being paid to the child’s play day nursery she worked at in a trusted position . she had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back and crossland - whose parents made over a million on the lotto - handed back the cash . nursery owner lynda quigley confirmed that the amount stolen - £22,642 - had been paid into her bank account on from an “s . crossland” . it was not clear whether this was samantha - or her mother susan crossland . crossland had even been promoted to manager at the nursery by its owner who knew her and trusted her . much of the money was taken from a cash box on the wall that parents left their fees in . leeds crown court court heard that only crossland and mrs quigley had keys to this . it was only when mrs quigley returned to the nursery in dewsbury , west yorkshire in early 2014 , that she became aware of discrepancies in the accounts . in total these came to £22,642 . crossland was arrested and gave four no comment interviews . she later pleaded guilty to one count of theft . the court heard today that mrs quigley had received £22,643 via bank transfer on april 22 . crossland , of mirfield , west yorkshire was sentenced to a 12-month community order and 180 hours unpaid work . recorder ray singh said : ' you were in a position of significant trust by miss quigley . you were left alone to deal with the money , it is therefore a breach of trust . ' staff parents and the like were no doubt finding it very difficult to understand what was happening . ” mrs quigley , who has had the nursery for 14-years , said after the hearing : ' i feel really relieved that i’m finally going to get closure now that the court case has finished and the money taken has been repaid in full . 'i’m happy that justice has been served after what has been a very difficult year . ' but i still have no idea why she did this to me - why a good friend would betray me like this . ' crossland 's parents michael and susan won more than £1.2 million on the lottery back in july 2008 . the money was stolen by crossland , pictured , from the child 's play nursery in west yorkshire . crossland refused to comment on her sentence while leaving court . crossland’s parents , susan and michael , hit the headlines after winning £1.2 million on the lottery in 2008 . at the time of their win , mum-of-four susan said she believed her £1,218,618 windfall was down to her late father barrie - as she played his numbers each week in the two years since he had died . speaking in july 2008 , she said : she said : ' my win must be fate which is why i saw the feathers and won on his number line . ' during the week before the draw , i was seeing white feathers everywhere and i never know where they come from . ' just two-days before the win , we were tickling my dog ruby at home and a white feather just floated down from nowhere and landed on her tummy . i knew it was dad trying to say something . ' i feel he is looking out for me and he would have been so pleased for us . it’s a real shame he isn’t here to share the winnings with us after he helped us to get it . ' 