jose aldo and conor mcgregor may have taken the spotlight over the past two weeks when it comes to the ufc 's featherweight division , but this weekend it 's time for two other top ranked 145ers to take centre stage , as no 1 ranked chad mendes and no 4 ranked ricardo lamas meet in fairfax , in a bout which could potentially determine the next challenger to the title . mendes ' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the brazilian king and lamas also dropped a decision to aldo when the two met in february last year . but it is aldo 's upcoming opponent , irishman mcgregor , who has dominated conversation in the lead up to this weekend 's fight . opponents chad mendes and ricardo lamas face off during the ufc weigh-in at the patriot center . lamas holds an open training session for fans and media at the ufc gym on in fairfax , virginia . ' i thought aldo handled it well ' said team alpha male 's mendes , when asked about aldo 's reaction to mcgregor snatching the championship belt on stage in dublin . ' but that 's conor , he is crazy , you know , ' mendes continued . ' aldo has been the champion for a long time . conor is the type of guy who is always going to run his mouth , but i highly doubt aldo is going to let that get to him . i feel like whoever wins , i 'm good . i think aldo is a better mixed martial artist so i think he is going to win . he knows what he is doing - i just see him winning the fight . ' a stark contrast to the championship pairing , mendes and lamas have shown nothing but respect for one another in the lead up to saturday night 's main event . mendes flexes his guns at the weight-in before his clash with rival lamas at the patriot centre . mendes is put though his paces in front of the fans ahead of the fight against lamas in fairfield . anticipating a war when they meet , ' money ' mendes is confident that he is stronger than ' the bully ' in every department and that , should he win convincingly , he believes the fans will want to see him get a third crack at aldo . ' i think ricardo is a tough guy - he is good everywhere , you know . but the thing is , i feel like everything that he is good at , i 'm just that little bit better , ' he added . ' i 'm hoping that if i win this fight , then enough people will want to watch a third fight between me and aldo and that the ufc will give it to us , but we 'll see what happens . ' if i can get out there and totally dominate , then hopefully that will be enough to get me another shot . i 'm expecting a war out there - like i said , lamas is a tough , tough fighter . ' mendes holds an open training session for fans and media at the ufc gym in fairfax , virginia . and mendes is not the only one eyeing up a second shot at the featherweight title . chicago-born lamas claims he is under no illusions that he will be in for an easy night with mendes . ' if i keep performing well then the title shot will come , ' he said . ' mendes is a cool guy . he is a good sport and he is a respectful fighter . but this is going to be a tough fight and when it comes to the night , you 're going to see us both try to go in there and take each other out . ' i feel like i am strong for my weight but mendes is a powerhouse too , so we will see what happens . i feel like chad is a great fighter so we 're going to bring the best out of each other , for sure . ' lamas stretches his legs with a kick as he prepares to take on mendes with an open training session . meanwhile arguably two of the lightweight division 's most exciting fighters , jorge masvidal and al iaquinta , meet in the co-main event - a bout which should showcase some of the finest striking in the division . watch ufc fight night : mendes vs. lamas live on bt sport 1 on saturday , april 4 . catch the prelims from 4pm bst and the main card from 6pm bst .