south korea ambassador lippert is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand while he recovers from last month 's knife attack . mark lippert , 42 , suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist kim ki-jong at a breakfast function in central seoul last month . the envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery . scroll down for video . south korea ambassador lippert is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand ( pictured ) while he recovers from last month 's knife attack . mark lippert , 42 , suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist kim ki-jong at a breakfast function in central seoul last month . pictured : lippert pictured with the brace with his wife and young baby . the brace was created by seoul’s severance hospital and lippert marveled at how quickly they had constructed it . ' it is an amazing apparatus , one i have n't seen before - so innovative and creative , ' he wrote on facebook . ' it is very comfortable and has made a huge difference in my recovery as i am able to hold things in my hand . ' it is very comfortable and has made a huge difference in my recovery as i am able to hold things in my hand . he added : ' this is of particular importance when i am walking grigsby , as i often need two hands to manage [ his dog ] grigsby , ' he said . lippert has posted several photos on facebook of him using the device in south korea . he added : ' this is of particular importance when i am walking grigsby , as i often need two hands to manage [ his dog ] grigsby ! ' last week south korean prosecutors formally charged the man who injured lippert with attempted murder on wednesday - despite his denials of any intention to kill . last week south korean prosecutors formally charged kim ki-jong with attempted murder . the prosecutors ' office in seoul said kim , was charged with attempted murder , violence against a foreign envoy and obstruction of duty . kim , 55 , was a known maverick activist who had been handed a two-year suspended sentence in 2010 for hurling a rock at the then japanese ambassador to seoul . he has denied any intention to kill lippert , but the prosecutors office said in a statement that the crime was clearly deliberate . ' there was an intention to murder because ( kim ) used a lethal weapon in a pre-meditated crime to attack the ambassador 's face and neck repeatedly , ' it said . kim has told investigators the ambassador was the ' symbolic ' target of his opposition to annual us-south korea joint military exercises , which he blames for blocking dialogue with north korea . the annual drills have long been condemned by pyongyang as rehearsals for invasion . kim insisted he had acted alone and not on the orders of pyongyang , but prosecutors said they were looking into whether he has violated the south 's strict national security law banning any act seen as aiding north korea or promoting its ideology . investigators have ransacked kim 's home as part of an investigation into kim 's possible links with north korea . kim had visited the north seven times and once tried to erect a memorial in seoul to the late north korean leader kim jong-il after his death in 2011 . north korea has rejected accusations that it may have been behind the attack as a ' vicious ' smear campaign by seoul . u.s . ambassador to south korea mark lippert leaves after he was slashed in the face by an assailant at a public forum in central seoul on march 5 .