the scottish football association have failed in their to have the punishment handed to rangers goalkeeper steve simonsen for breaching betting laws increased . the 35-year-old served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the sfa 's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year . but sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan challenged that decision , claiming his punishment was ' unduly lenient ' . the scottish fa have failed in their attempt to further punish rangers ' goalkeeper steve simonsen for betting . however , simonsen 's legal team from the prolegal group have confirmed the englishman will not face a further suspension after the sfa 's appeal was rejected by an appellate tribunal . they tweeted : ' sfa appeal against steve simonsen suspension fails . ' simonsen had not bet on any games relating to his club 's competitions and was given a one-match ban with another suspended when an sfa-convened judicial panel convened on february 12 . he missed the club 's february 13 clash with hibernian but has not played since after dropping down gers ' goalkeeping pecking order . previous judicial panels have issued more severe punishments for betting offences , but they have involved players betting on games in which they were involved . in september 2013 , simonsen 's ibrox team-mate ian black was handed a 10-game ban - seven of which were suspended - and a £7,500 fine after admitted to placing 160 football bets over a seven-year period . three of the matches involved bets placed against the former hearts and inverness midfielder 's own team , which included a gamble that rangers would draw against east stirlingshire . black scored the third goal in his side 's 4-2 win , a result that scuppered his own accumulator . five months later , ayr united frontman michael moffat was given a four-game ban - with another two suspended - after he was found guilty of placing seven bets on six matches involving his own team . moffat , who avoided a fine , was also found guilty of placing an additional 150 bets on other games . simonsen placed bets on a total of 50 games over the course of a year and served a one-match ban . 