anyone with a heartbeat dreams of hopping around the world , from the bright lights of new york city to the idyllic islands in the south pacific , but insurmountable costs keep us grounded most of the time . travel doesn’t come cheap , but it is possible to see some of the most amazing places on the planet on a tight budget or even get paid to do it . all it takes is a few sacrifices , hard work , commitment and an outgoing personality . here are some of the ways travellers can keep their costs down while satisfying their wanderlust . while travelling the world can cost a lot of money , there are some ways to do it for free , or at leas ton a very tight budget . stay in a stranger’s house . house-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation . depending on the arrangement with the property owner , food and transport may be included in exchange for taking care of the person’s home and , in some cases , pets . properties are advertised on a number of websites , including trustedhousesitters.com , which charges a membership fee of £5.99 a month . laura cody and tanbay theune ( pictured ) are seeing the world while house-sitting for strangers . laura cody , 23 , and tanbay theune , 26 , have been criss-crossing the globe after leaving birmingham in july 2013 . they embarked on the adventure after they discussed their desire to travel and became fed up with paying rent every month . since then they have been staying in strangers’ homes – without having to pay rent or bills – all over australia , the uk , germany , spain and italy , and have been blogging about the experience . canadian bloggers dalene and peter heck were recognised with an award from national geographic after they sold almost all of their possessions and set off on a quest to house-sit around the world . in almost six years they have visited about 30 countries – from ecuador and mexico to turkey and thailand . house swapping and couch surfing are two other options . cruise ship workers can see the world , but should be prepared for long periods at sea and long work hours . work on a cruise ship or superyacht . if motion sickness isn’t a problem , a job with a cruise line is an ideal way to see different parts of the world between shifts . it’s the kind of job for a ‘ people person’ , as employees live together on the ship and aren’t afforded much privacy . they must also be able to endure long periods at sea and long hours of work . there are jobs for various skill sets – from photographers and musicians to nurses and electrical engineers . but people should do plenty of research into pay , benefits and working conditions before applying . working on a superyacht is another way to sail around the world while making a salary and tips . those who commit to this kind of career should expect to work long hours every day and spend a lot of time at sea or port . again , employees are afforded very little privacy when they’re on board , as they sleep in close quarters with their colleagues . some owners will even hire private teachers for their children for months at a time . a teacher who goes on an around-the-world trip is usually paid approximately £50,000 , said henry smith , a sales broker with cecil wright , a boutique yacht brokerage with offices in monaco and london . volunteering with an organic farm offers a chance to travel and learn while helping others . make a difference . there are plenty of organisations that allow people to volunteer in impoverished countries where help is desperately needed . they allow people to travel to places they normally wouldn’t visit as a regular tourist and make a positive contribution to the world . world wide opportunities on organic farms ( wwoof ) , for example , connects farmers and those who are looking to learn more about the industry . hosts provide accommodation , food and opportunities to learn about organic lifestyles in exchange four to six hours of volunteer work per day . the organisation has a presence in more than 50 countries around the world , including sierra leone , ecuador , bangladesh , estonia and israel . other examples include working at summer camps or planting trees . teaching english in a foreign country will bring a regular paycheque and an opportunity to explore . teach english abroad . it’s not uncommon for those who live in england , the us , canada or australia to hear about a friend or a friend of a friend travelling abroad to teach english . the usual destinations where english-language teachers are in demand include south korea , china , japan and jordan . it will bring a regular pay cheque , but it’s not a holiday – with many expected to work full-time hours . but it will leave time to explore the city or country you are teaching in , and neighbouring nations . successful applicants will need the appropriate credentials and they may have to sign a contract . before applying they should do their research to make sure they are getting a job with a reputable school . one way to find teach jobs abroad is through the british council , which runs a language assistant programme for those who have completed at least two years of university education . there are 10 different locations around the world where you can teach for between 12 and 20 hours a week and earn enough money to live . there is an application process and you must commit to a full year , but it is the perfect way to live in another country and still have plenty of time to explore your surroundings , while gaining some valuable life skills . alternatively , there are many tefl ( teaching english as a foreign language ) courses that can be taken in the uk ahead of applying to teach abroad through different programmes . ski resorts in breathtaking locations are always looking for instructors , servers and other employees . get paid to hit the slopes . ski resorts in breathtaking locations all over europe and north america offer seasonal work for a variety of positions , including instructors , bartenders and cooks . knowing how to ski isn’t a prerequisite , but it’s the perfect opportunity for those who are passionate about skiing or snowboarding , or keen to learn . perks can include free ski passes , and some resorts are notorious for their parties . one way to stay in a foreign city for free is to arrange a work-to-stay arrangement with a hostel . work in a hostel . one way to bag free accommodation while travelling around the world is working where you sleep . travellers can find a work-to-stay arrangement at many hostels , which allows them to stay for free while meeting people from around the world , and may even include some pay . hostels may require its work-to-stay employees to stay for a minimum amount of time before they move on . adverts can easily be found online , with one for a hostel in las vegas requiring an employee who can work for two to three months over the summer . in addition to a bed the employee is provided breakfast , wifi , parking , coffee and tea , lockers , laundry and nightly activities , plus opportunities to explore the region . the tasks would include one or a mix of housekeeping , maintenance , it , tour leading and front desk , according to the advert .