the book sex by numbers : what statistics can tell us about sexual behaviour was released this week and it 's a must-read for anyone fascinated by who really does what , where , when and how in bed . the author , david spielgalhalter , a cambridge university professor , sets out to investigate various sexual statistical claims and separate myth from reality . it 's prompted me to do the same . scroll down for video . scientists who reviewed 20 different studies of penis size , including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world found some surprising results . since no other part of the human body is more shrouded in myth and folklore than men 's most precious part , it seemed the penis was the most deserving subject to study . here 's what the latest research has to say : so , it is really six inches ? a new paper in the british journal of urology international is based on the results of scientists who reviewed 20 different studies of penis size , including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world . most importantly , it was based only on studies where the penis had been measured by a trained health professional ( surprise , surprise : men are n't terribly honest or accurate when they measure it themselves ) . the result : most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other , with most measuring around 5.2 inches in length when erect with a 4.6 inch circumference . if he wants to diy , the correct way to measure a penis is to use a cloth measuring tape , not a straight-edged ruler . he should measure while it 's erect and measure the side facing his stomach , pushing the tape down to press against the pubic bone ( so he 's not measuring fat ! ) . tracey investigate various sexual statistical claims and separates myth from reality . the average time between penetration and him ejaculating ( for heterosexual couples ) is nine minutes . this was the result of a european study of 1,100 couples from 44 countries . each couple attempted intercourse at least twice a week for eight weeks and used a stop watch , clicking it on the minute he penetrated and clicking stop immediately after ejaculation . previous studies settled on between two or three minutes duration ; another rated the ' ideal time ' of intercourse for both men and women at between three and 13 minutes . the more he exercises , the stronger his erection . a new study in the journal of sexual medicine looked at how physical activity affected erectile functioning . men who exercised the most ( 18 hours a week ) had the highest sexual functioning scores . watching porn does n't affect his ability to perform . two reputable online surveys found no link between the use of pornography and erection problems , despite popular perception that watching too much porn leads to ed ( erectile dysfunction ) . what does make sense ( though , again not proven ) is that men who have difficulties turn to porn as a way of experiencing sex without embarrassment . great sex does not depend on a big penis . a study including opinions of 25 highly respected sex therapists identified eight elements that make up the best sex you can possibly expect . guess what ? the penis did n't even get a look in . the myth that big hands/big feet/big nose means a big penis has no scientific proof or evidence supporting it whatsoever . but height did make a difference : the taller the man , the longer his penis is likely to be . bald guys have a stronger sex drive . this may well have legs . the myth says bald men are more virile than men with hair because they have more testosterone in their body ( which can cause hair loss ) . the testosterone/hair loss link is proven . baldness is caused when hair follicles become exposed to too much dihydrotestosterone ( dht ) which is a chemical produced by the male hormone testosterone . testosterone is also the chemical responsible for his libido . the average number of erections per day for most men is seven . but five of these occur while he 's asleep . the penis has a safety-valve that ensures a man ca n't ejaculate and urinate at the same time . the average quantity of semen ejaculated is 3ml . the average speed of ejaculation is 28 miles per hour . the amount of blood in an erect penis is ten times more than when it 's flaccid . it shoots from 9ml flaccid to 90ml erect . one testicle hangs lower than the other to avoid them getting squashed when he walks ! eighty-five percent of men find their left testicle is lower and larger . find more fascinating sex stats and info in all of tracey 's books on amazon . 