since marrying king felipe of spain in 2004 , queen letizia has continued to regularly up the style stakes . and the glamorous monarch put on a smart show on a visit to a conference in barcelona in a white trouser suit with a blush-coloured silk top and woven clutch . the 42-year-old was clearly dresses for spring for her visit to the science museum , cosmocaixa . summer shades : spain 's queen letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases in barcelona . the mum-of-two ( pictured right ) stepped out in a striking white tailored suit with complementary nude accessories . spain 's queen ( pictured centre ) strode into science museum , cosmocaixa , in a relaxed manner , clutching her stylish woven clutch . the mother-of-two , who delivered an address at the event , paired a chic blazer with perfectly-cut tailored trousers , which showed off her svelte figure . she kept her accessories neutral , opting for a pair of patent nude platform heels and a purse woven from fabric of varying nude shades . make-up was simple with letizia wearing her favourite berry shade of lipstick and her signature smoky eye . the former journalist was at the science museum attending the opening of second congress for rare childhood diseases . outside the museum , schoolchildren and fans clamoured for her attention holding out smartphones to snap pictures . the obliging royal even took selfies , posing with groups of teenagers desperate to get the perfect picture . the 42-year-old looked calm and collected as she greeted school children outside of the museum . the style maven greeted the children and was happen to let the take images . selfie queen : queen letizia was happy to oblige and feature in selfies with the school children . once she made her way into the building , she chose to button up her tailored blazer , and cut an even more striking figure . letizia then proceeded to showcase her involvement with the cause , and delivered a speech at the congress for rare childhood diseases . she also chatted with other major figures attending and posed for a photograph with them afterwards . the mother-of-two made her way into the conference , her white suite making a grand contrast to the other dark suits . the queen accessorised her white suit with nude patent mary-janes and a woven clutch . queen letizia made her way to the stage to deliver a speech at the conference . the event came a few days after a recent announcement from queen letizia and king felipe about a new ‘ la caixa’ scholarship award ceremony in barcelona , which was previously overseen by king felipe’s mother queen sofia and his father , the former king juan carlos . wearing a pair of prada stilettos and a classic grey wool coat over a sleeveless plain black dress , queen letizia joined felipe who was fresh from an official visit to lebanon , where he met with spanish troops deployed there . at the ceremony on friday , students were given the scholarship to pursue graduate studies at universities around the world . some 120 spanish students received the awards which cover the cost of tuition and the expense of travelling to the foreign school . after her speech , the queen posed with important figures of the 2nd congress of rare childhood diseases . the 42-year-old maintained a calm composure throughout the busy proceedings of the event .