it has been revealed the blue-eyed , australian doctor who 's been hailed the ' new face ' of the latest islamic state propaganda videos was reportedly a ' womaniser ' who was thought to be a ' pretty normal guy ' . in isis 's most recent video , a young doctor , identified as tareq kamleh , called on foreign medics to travel to the isis stronghold in raqqa to help launch the ishs ( the islamic state health service ) . the video of kamleh , who refers to himself as abu yusuf , showed him handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope . scroll down for video . the blue-eyed australian doctor who features in the latest is propaganda video has been identified as tareq kamleh . calling himself ' abu yusuf ' , kamleh introduces the launch of the islamic state health service . once the propaganda video went viral , people from kamleh 's past started to recognise the previously unidentified doctor . it was revealed kamleh , who is believed to be in his late 20 's , completed his medical degree at adelaide university . upon completing his degree he reportedly worked as a paediatric registrar at the adelaide women 's and children 's hospital until 2013 . kamleh then moved to north queensland where he worked at mackay base hospital , the age reported . he completed his final stint in the australian medical system working in perth until late 2014 . it was revealed kamleh , who is believed to be in his late 20 's , completed his medical degree at adelaide university . ' he was a pretty normal guy , he did n't have any is related interests ' . a university student who knew kamleh , but did not want to be named , said he showed no signs that he would defect to the radical militant group . ' he was a pretty normal guy , he did n't have any is related interests , ' she told news.com.au . she said the ' clean cut ' doctor was well known in her social circle as a ' womaniser ' who did n't shy away from drinking alcohol . kamleh was also recognised by dr stephen napoli , co-owner of the mannum medical centre in south australia . he told the age the ' intelligent ' doctor had interned with him for 10 weeks back in 2010 . ' as a doctor he worked quite well ; he was quite intelligent , he presented to our practice as quite a sound doctor with good medical knowledge , ' dr napoli said . ' as a doctor he worked quite well ; he was quite intelligent , he presented to our practice as quite a sound doctor with good medical knowledge ' . kamleh was known to practice medicine in adelaide , mackay and finally in perth before he took up working for is . dr napoli agreed that kamleh had shown no signs of holding extreme islamic views . ' there was no indication i 'd be worried about his other associations when he was with us . ' there was nothing that i saw of his work as a medical practical that would suggest he would have any of these sorts of views . ' the video 's poster shows a cropped image of a doctor , wearing an western-style blue surgical scrubs which appear to mimic britain 's national health service . a former college from adelaide hospital also came forward reporting that he recognised kamleh in the footage immediately . ' i was taken aback as much because i certain certainly would n't have associated him with an association like is . his principle seemed to be sound and focused on the care of his patients , ' he told the age . the collegue , who also chose not to be identified , said kamleh 's behaviours were not consistent with the islamic state 's conservative views on drinking or dating . ' i know he dated a few nurses and other doctors over the years… he was heterosexual and certainly interested in the ladies , with some success . ' yusuf is shown monitoring and handling babies in a maternity unit as well as teaching another doctor how to care for the infant patients . the video featuring kamleh , which is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group , shows the doctor interviewed inside the paediatric ward of a syrian hospital . ' my name is abu yusuf . i made hijrah from australia to the islamic state to live under the khilafah , ' he says . ' i saw this as part of my jihad for islam , to help the muslim ummah ( community ) in the area that i could which is the medical field . ' he claims to be sad he delayed travelling to syria for so long . ' it is disappointing to think how many fellow muslims brothers and sisters in the medical field , who are doctors and nurses , physios , who are still living in the west and unfortunately the muslims living here are suffering , not necessary from a lack of equipment or medicine but a mainly a lack of qualified medical care . ' the vision is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group . yusuf urges foreign muslims with medical training to come forward and join the latest caliphate initiative . ' we really need your help . it is not the equipment that we are lacking , it is truly just the staff . inshallah see you soon . ' australian national university terrorism expert dr clarke jones confirmed the authenticity of the video to daily mail australia . ' i 'm familiar with is propaganda and this is certainly legit , ' he said . abu yusuf al-australi calls upon foreigners with medical training to join the islamic state 's new medical initiative . ' the video is interesting because it 's trying to communicate a sense of normalcy within the caliphate . the babies , ambulances and modern medical equipment are a far cry from the barbarity of their other videos . ' ' in reality , the conditions are not accurate : syria remains a very hostile environment . but it communicates a major shift in their recruitment . ' dr jones believes the group are trying to attract more sophisticated demographic than in the past , when they targeted disillusioned youths . ' they are asking for foreigners with medical training and an education , and they are n't trying to lure them for militant purposes . this poses an interesting question : is this still considered radicalisation ? ' nine british medical students have travelled to syria to work in hospitals in islamic state-held areas . pictured from left to right : hisham mohammed fadlallah , lena maumoon abdulqadir and tamer ahmed ebu sebah . the four women and five men apparently kept their plans secret from their families and fled to syria . left to right : rowan kamal zine el abidine , sami ahmed kadir and ismail hamadoun . the medical students are believed to now be in the isis-held area of tel abyad , from left to right : nada sami kader , mohamed osama badri mohammed and tasneem suleyman . the footage , which appeared on social media on thursday , comes after nine brritish medical students travelled to syria last month , claiming they were going to help treat victims of the civil war . the students are all believed to be of sudanese origin and were studying at a medical school in khartoum , sudan . the students have been named as lena mamoun abdelgadir , nada sami kader , rowan kamal zine el abidine , tasneem suleyman huseyin , ismail hamdoun , tamer ahmed ebu sebah , mohammed osama badri mohammed , hisham mohammed fadlallah and sami ahmed kadir . in february , australia 's attorney-general george brandis announced an $ 18 million initiative to battle extremist propaganda . the operation , which will be launched in july , will employ a team of technology experts to assess the impact of online extremist propaganda . the government also plans to seek the help of platforms such as google , twitter and facebook , to counter extremist messages .  