soft-poached quail egg , confit of tomato and deep fried polenta all prepared by a michelin-starred chef - you could be forgiven for thinking this is just a meal at another trendy gastro restaurant . but it is in fact one of the dishes on offer at the staff canteen at yoghurt maker yeo valley 's headquarters , which overlooks the blagdon countryside in north somerset . the 120 dairy workers can tuck into a fine-dining meal for as little as £2 - all made from organic and locally sourced food , prepared by executive chef paul collins , who has spent 20 years working at various michelin-starred restaurants . scroll down for video . michelin-starred : it may look like a meal from a gastro restaurant but this is one of the dishes on the menu in the staff canteen at the yeo valley headquarters in blagdon , north somerset . high-quality : a meal of wye valley asparagus , soft poached quail egg , confit of tomato and deep friend polenta which is sold at the yeo valley staff canteen to staff for £2 . lunch in the sun : yeo valley staff enjoy their break in the sun with a meal prepared by a michelin-trained chef with vistas over the mendips . most of the vegetables and fruit are grown by a community farm five miles away , meat comes from the firm 's own holt farm or a local butchers , and trout is fished from a lake at the bottom of the hill . earlier this week the menu , which changes on a daily basis , boasted beef burger with tomato , gherkins and red onion in a brioche bun with skinny fries for just £4 . or as an alternative , there was fish cake with roasted cherry tomatoes , chervil hollandaise & pea shoot salad , served with potato wedges & purple sprouting broccoli . dessert , which was a choice of chocolate brownie , lemon posset or apple and rhubarb crumble cost just £2 . and now the eaterie , which has been hailed as the world 's best staff canteen , has opened its doors to the public - albeit at higher prices . casual feel : the staff canteen at yeo valley headquarters in blagdon , north somerset , has quirky light fittings and high tables and stools . dinner time : a few of the 120 dairy workers at the dairy firm wait for a high-quality meal to be dished up and pay a subsidised price . professional : jason eland is head chef at the canteen , which serves only organic and locally sourced produce to its workers . on offer : the canteen 's menu changes daily depending on what produce they get in . meals include organic sourdough with yeo valley salted butter for starters and a dessert of apple and rhubarb crumble with ice cream or creme fraiche . trendy : an interior designer helped come up with the seating designs for the staff canteen , which has mini welly boot vases on the tables . venue manager claire davies said : ' the staff love it . who can get the type of food they get on a daily basis for such good value ? ' new employees ca n't believe it when they see the view and other staff enjoying the food or a coffee . when people come for interviews they are blown away . ' it is a different menu every day , with all the food locally sourced . if it is n't organic , we make sure it is local and ethically produced . paul , the executive chef , meets all the suppliers . ' personally , i love the poached eggs and asparagus . the difficult thing is having to get up and go back to my desks after lunch . ' yeo valley worker rupert hodges described the food as ' stunning ' , adding that the quantity and quality is ' fantastic . cream of community farm leek & potato soup ( v ) £4.50 . loch duart salmon gravadlax , pickled cucumber , apple and celeriac remoulade , severn project salad leaves , wholemeal soda bread £6.50 . salad of wye valley asparagus , soft poached quail egg , confit of tomato and deep fried polenta £6.50 . ham hock & parsley terrine , holt farm piccalilli , sourdough crostini , severn project salad leaves £6.50 . grilled holt farm beef burger , tomato , gherkins and red onion in a brioche bun with skinny fires £9 . onion , goats cheese , purple sprouting broccoli & wild garlic tart ( v ) £4 . fishcake with chervil hollandaise & pea shoot salad , served with potato wedges & purple sprouting broccoli £12 . lemon posset with fruit compote & shortbread finger £4.50 . chocolate brownie ( gf ) with yeo valley madagascan vanilla ice cream £4.50 . hungry ? : workers can dine on a variety of fresh and healthy produce for their lunch in the staff canteen dubbed the ' best in the world ' . filling : a meal of fishcakes , potato wedges , purple sprouting broccoli and sautéed peas is served up ready for hungry workers on breaks . alternative option : an onion , goat 's cheese , purple sprouting broccoli and wild garlic tart is on the menu for the vegetarian workers . delicious : the meals have gone down so well with the staff that bosses have decided to open up the restaurant to members of the public . the account manager , said : ' the food is absolutely stunning . i 've worked for a few food manufacturing companies , and this was life-changing . ' for me in the sales team i would normally get a sandwich on the road so it is definitely an incentive to come in and have an incredible meal at hq . ' we want to see pictures of your canteen and the kind of meals it serves up as well as hearing your lunchtime stories . send them to gemma.mullin @ mailonline.co.uk or mailonlinepictures @ dailymail.co.uk . the menu was so well received by staff at the yeo valley staff canteen that it has now been opened up to the general public - with main courses costing up to £12 . it has even won praise from restaurant reviewers , including food critic mark taylor of the bristol post newspaper . he wrote : ' careful , respectful cooking of hyper-local produce in a breathtaking rural setting , the best staff canteen imaginable can now be enjoyed by everybody . ' there can be no better reminder that yeo valley is still very much a real place and much more than simply a name on the yoghurt pot or milk carton in your fridge . ' yeo valley is a family-run business which has grown into one of britain 's biggest dairy producers since being founded by tim mead 's , the current chief executive , parents in 1961 . it now has a turnover of £275 million , employs over 1,500 staff and is now the biggest supplier of organic products to uk supermarkets . satisfied customers : yeo valley worker rupert hodges described the food as ' stunning ' , adding that the quantity and quality is ' fantastic ' . subsidised : the menu this week boasted beef burger with tomato , gherkins and red onion in a brioche bun with skinny fries for just £4 . chilled goods : staff are also encouraged to buy some of their company 's own products with fridges filled with yeo valley dairy items . vistas : the views looking out across the mendip hills of blagdon in north somerset , where the yeo valley headquarters is situated . paul collins is the michelin-starred chef in charge at the yeo valley staff canteen . paul collins is the executive chef at yeo valley headquarters , where he started working four years ago , leading demonstrations about seasonal cooking the the organic garden tea room . he has 25 years of experience in the industry and has worked in some of the most prestigious and high profile kitchens , including the dorchester , cliveden lucknam park , daylesford organic and the grove . his training began at westminster college in london , whose alumni include jamie oliver , where he won student of the year . he has gone on to win various other awards from the national food guides , including the michelin guide . mr collins , who lives in oxford , has cooked for a number of high-profile people ranging from royalty to politicians . he launched his business chef paul collins in may 2011 , which offers bespoke dining for home dinner parties . his day starts at 5am , before he has a two-hour drive to blagdon . he said : ' i don’t mind because i get to start thinking about the dishes i want to make . a typical day for me isn’t just about food – it might involve interviewing staff and discussing ideas with sarah mead , as well as creating new recipes . ' i hate being pigeon-holed into a specific 9 to 5 , monday to friday job . instead , i finish when i’m happy . i always have a list of jobs i need to achieve , and i like to push and challenge myself because you never know what tomorrow morning bring . he added : ' i enjoy talking to local people about being self-sufficient and eating seasonally . ' some people say that cooking seasonally becomes boring in the winter , because at that time all you have are brassicas , parsnips and swedes . you can actually do some really lovely things with those ingredients , as long as you treat them with respect . ' 