set in the grey stones of the victorian chapel , the red of the two doors makes a bold , slightly unexpected statement . but that distinctive splash of colour is the only clue to the identity of the man who turned this building into a family home . in the early 1970s , sir richard branson brought the chapel into residential use while he was setting up his virgin recording business . and from then until the present day , the virgin logo – which has gone on to adorn trains , planes and a multitude of other businesses – has always been printed in the red of those humble chapel doors . sir richard branson converted the old chapel in shipton-on-cherwell , oxfordshire , into a home in the 1970s . at the time he converted the property , branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel at south leigh in shipton-on-cherwell , oxfordshire . at the manor , the first virgin albums , such as mike oldfield 's tubular bells , were recorded and branson would use the old chapel as a weekend retreat . other artists using the manor included sandy denny , the bonzo dog doo-dah band and john cale . ' i saw richard coming and going into the old chapel in the 1970s , ' says south leigh resident martin collet , 57 . ' i often used to see him in the village pub , the mason arms , having a meal with family and friends and he was always very pleasant . ' he brought the chapel into residential use while he was setting up his virgin recording business . the entrepreneur painted the doors of the country retreat his trademark bright red , pictured with kate moss . he adds that the old chapel was n't always a complete retreat from branson 's rock ' n ' roll world . ' he often had parties there and we heard the music , even though we were four doors away – but it was n't a problem . i think he only used the house at the weekends , and he was well liked in the village . ' other residents recall that branson was a regular visitor to the village shop on sundays , buying breakfast for his overnight visitors . branson 's love affair with this part of oxfordshire continued after he left the old chapel . he owned the manor until the 1990s and , for two decades , also owned mill end house in the village of kidlington , which he sold to his children a few years ago when he moved his base to necker island in the caribbean . ' branson did a superb job on the chapel , ' says rowan andrews , the home 's current owner , who bought it in 2007 . ' we have n't had to do much , apart from putting in solid oak flooring and new central heating with victorian-style radiators . ' the four-bedroom home is now on the market for £599,000 . at the time he converted the property , branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel . the four-bedroom home is divided into two levels and exposed beams run throughout the building . the village of south leigh is in the parliamentary constituency of witney , prime minister david cameron 's seat – and the poet dylan thomas lived in south leigh manor in the 1940s . but the village has another claim to fame , one that relates to the old chapel itself . in 1725 , john wesley , one of the founders of the methodist church , gave his first sermon in the st james the great church in the village . it 's fitting , then , that a century and a half later , 85 years after wesley 's death , the village came to have a wesleyan methodist chapel of its own – the very property that branson would one day end up converting . price : £599,000 . location : south leigh , oxfordshire . bedrooms : four . unique features : converted by sir richard branson ; former wesleyan chapel in the village where john wesley gave his first sermon . at the time of his first sermon , wesley was studying at oxford university . the jacobean pulpit in st james the great bears a plaque commemorating the sermon , which is reputed to have lasted two-and-a-half hours . ' we were looking for a property in south leigh as we had friends in the area , ' says recently separated rowan , 50 – a management consultant with two children , jacob , 15 , and nancy , 13 . ' we fell in love with the house the moment we saw it . ' rowan only found out branson had been a previous owner on his second viewing . ' that undoubtedly increased our interest , especially when we realised what an excellent job he had done converting it into a home , without losing too many of its original features , ' said rowan . ' and the house ticked all the boxes for us . it has lots of space and is conveniently located for the a40 , with good access to london . ' at the time he converted the property , branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel . ' branson did a superb job on the chapel , ' says rowan andrews , the home 's current owner , pictured is the kitchen . the main sitting room is spacious , with a fireplace and woodburner , and the open-plan dining area opens out on to the back garden . the building is divided into two levels and exposed beams run throughout it . features that branson added include pine banisters and large round windows offering views across surrounding countryside . the property has an en suite and family bathroom , and the master bedroom overlooks the back garden . a studio room could be used as an office or fifth bedroom . the main sitting room is spacious , with a fireplace and woodburner , and the open-plan dining area opens out on to the back garden . a kitchen and third reception room complete the accommodation . ' we have the benefit of open space , yet it is still cosy and warm due to a large woodburner in one of the reception rooms , ' says rowan . ' i 'll definitely miss the place . ' rowan is moving to witney so that his children can be closer to their schools and friends . 