alarmed by a rash of explosions and injuries caused when amateurs make hash oil , lawmakers in colorado and washington are considering spelling out what 's allowed when it comes to making the concentrated marijuana at home . the proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil . in colorado , at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil — nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013 , according to officials with the rocky mountain high intensity drug trafficking area , a state-federal enforcement program . scroll down for video . nicholas broms , who was involved in a drug-related explosion last november , poses for a photo showing his burn scars from the explosion in portland , ore . washington 's legal marijuana law in 2012 did not permit the production of hash or even edibles at home ; it technically remains a felony even to use weed purchased at a state-licensed store to make brownies . nevertheless , many people have done it . federal prosecutors in seattle have brought charges in five cases where hash oil operations blew up , including at one apartment complex where an 87-year-old former mayor of bellevue died after sustaining an injury while trying to escape a fire that started in another unit . people make hash oil at home for the same reasons they make beer , wine or booze — to save money , make it to personal taste , or as a hobby . though there are safer methods , such as soaking marijuana in a vegetable-based glycerin , one common practice is to force a solvent such as butane or propane gas or liquid through leafy cannabis , a process that separates its psychoactive material from buds , leaves and stems . after the extraction , the hash-maker then releases the gas or boils off the liquid , leaving behind marijuana 's psychoactive material in a potent goop . the resulting product — called hash oil or shatter or wax in even more concentrated form — can be used in vaporizers or added to foods without the grassy taste raw pot imparts . without proper ventilation , though , the gases can pool in a room , where a spark from an appliance can trigger a severe explosion , knocking buildings off their foundation in some cases . washington lawmakers are proposing to allow limited home hash production , though butane or other explosive gases would be banned except for use by commercial producers . safer methods would be ok , and adults would be allowed to use cooking oil , butter or similar substances to make edibles . alarmed by a rash of explosions caused by amateur hash production , colorado and washington lawmakers are considering limits on making the marijuana concentrate at home . ' we have a little problem here with people blowing themselves up , ' said washington state sen. ann rivers , the republican sponsor of that state 's measure . ' anything we can do to stop that from happening . ' in colorado , where hash regulations vary by jurisdiction , a bill up for its first vote next week in a house committee would establish a similar ban on the use of explosive gases to make hash . ' people who make it at home , they can do so with alcohol or methods that are safe , ' said colorado state rep. yeulin willett , a sponsor of the bill . colorado 's largest jurisdiction , denver , banned some types of home hash production late last year . a similar ban is under discussion in the state 's third-largest city , aurora . but some marijuana activists argue that when pot is legal , concentrating it at home should be legal , too . they compare the hash explosions to fires caused by turkey fryers and call it a problem with a new product that is best addressed by consumer education . ' sure , there have been numerous dangerous explosions and fires from idiots who are determined to blow themselves up participating in activities which need considerable safety precautions , ' said timothy tipton of the rocky mountain caregivers cooperative . tipton insisted that butane extraction is perfectly safe with proper ventilation or when done outside . supporters of home production also say colorado 's law is on their side . the state 's marijuana legalization measure specifically included concentrated marijuana and all its production methods . this photo released wednesday , may 21 , 2014 , by the central pierce fire and rescue , shows debris following an explosion the night before in puyallup , wash. when hundreds of butane canisters exploded . just last month , the denver district attorney dropped a case against a man facing felony charges of manufacturing marijuana concentrate and fourth-degree arson . the man , paul mannaioni , was charged last year after a hash oil explosion sent him and two other people to a hospital . mannaioni challenged the legality of denver 's hash oil ban , prompting colorado 's former attorney general to say the marijuana amendment allows limits on home production . the charges were later dismissed after prosecutors said they could n't tie him to the explosion beyond a reasonable doubt , leaving the legality of the city 's hash oil ban unresolved . some marijuana advocates said a statewide ban would invite more legal challenges . ' it 's a patient 's right to make their medicine , ' said jason warf of the southern colorado cannabis council . but colorado lawmakers backing the homemade limits said the state should err on the side of caution . ' this is something we need to nip in the bud , ' willett said .