kentucky judge olu stevens is facing calls to be sacked after he criticized a couple 's victim impact statements . a kentucky judge is facing calls to be sacked after he criticized a couple 's victim impact statements and accused them of fostering racist stereotypes in their 3-year-old daughter . judge olu stevens was sentencing gregory wallace to five years ' probation after he and his accomplice , marquis mcafee , robbed tommy and jordan gray 's louisville home in april 2013 . police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple 's three-year-old before making off with $ 1,100 in cash , a cell phone , wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple . in victim impact statement 's prepared for the sentencing of wallace , the couple called for him to be sent to prison and jordan wrote that her daughter was still ' in constant fear of black men . ' ' whenever we are running errands , if we come across a black male , she holds me tight and begs me to leave , ' the mother said . tommy gray also wrote that since the crime , his daughter had been terrified of black males and that probation was not sufficient punishment for wallace , 27 , who had pleaded guilty to robbery . ' if holding a little girl at gunpoint gets you probation , then our system is flawed , ' gray said . but when the case appeared before stevens on february 4 in jefferson circuit court , it was the parents , not wallace , who suffered judge stevens ' wrath , reports the courier journal . at the sentencing for gregory wallace , stevens accused the grays of fostering racist stereotypes in their 3-year-old daughter 's mind . ' i am offended . … i am deeply offended that they would be victimized by an individual and express some kind of fear of all black men , ' he said . ' this little girl certainly has been victimized , and she ca n't help the way she feels , ' he said . ' my exception is more with her parents and their accepting that kind of mentality and fostering those type of stereotypes . ' despite the family 's protests , stevens granted probation to wallace , who had no prior convictions for violent crimes and had received strong support from his family and friends . judge stevens said wallace deserved the opportunity to redeem himself and said his thoughts about the gray 's victim impact statements had no bearing on his judgement . he later expanded his opinion writing on facebook : ' do three year olds form such generalized , stereotyped and racist opinions of others ? judge stevens granted wallace , left , probation because he had no prior convictions for violent crimes and said his thoughts about the gray 's victim impact statements had no bearing on his judgement . ' had the perpetrator been white , i doubt it would have resulted in such gross generalizations , ' wrote stevens afterwards on facebook . marquis mcafee was sentenced to 10 years in prison for his role in the crime . ' i think not . perhaps the mother had attributed her own views to her child as a manner of sanitizing them . ' stevens also posted a photo showing young black and white children playing together . friends and family of the grays say they are outraged by his comments and are calling for him to be removed . ' judge stevens blamed and shamed the victims , ' said the girl 's paternal grandmother , dawn renee bryant . ' it is very disturbing to be called something you are not . ' attorney tom wine said the statements made by the victims in this case ' were not intended to be and were not ' racist . facebook pages has been launched both supporting and calling for judge stevens to be sacked . he remains adamant that he has done nothing wrong either in court or on social media . ' i was cautioning the parents against allowing racial stereotypes to impact their behavior and that of their child , ' he said . the other robber , mcafee , was sentenced to 10 years in prison . he was on probation for a prior crime at the time of the crime . court brought it front and center this week . the case involved a burglary and the victims were a young couple and their three year-old child . the written victim impact statement on behalf of the child read that as a result of the offense committed against her parents in her presence , the child is in ' constant fear of black men . ' the statement , written by her mother , continues that the child clings to her parent when in the presence of any black man . the incident , the mother concluded , ' has even affected our relationship with our african-american friends . ' i read this statement aloud in open court . for a reason . it was of little surprise to me that neither parent nor the child was present in court for the sentencing . after all , the defendant and the judge are amongst the individuals the three year old has fear of as a result of the crime . do three year olds form such generalized , stereotyped and racist opinions of others ? i think not . perhaps the mother had attributed her own views to her child as a manner of sanitizing them . let me be clear . the statement played absolutely no role in the sentencing decision and the commonwealth disavowed the statement . needless to say , i was deeply offended , however , that this statement was put forth for the purpose of persuading me to impose a lengthy prison sentence . had the perpetrator been white , i doubt it would have resulted in such gross generalizations . the race of a perpetrator of a crime is not a reason or an excuse to fear an entire race of people . we must stand against it in whatever form . as a judge i do my work without regard to race . it is incumbent on me to confront and dispose of language based on racism and stereotypes . we should all do our part to eradicate such nonsense . and let me be clear , silence does nothing to contribute . it simply sends a message that such views are acceptable and fear somehow excuses wrong . jordan gray , mother . q : has the crime had a psychological impact on you ? my husband works nights and there are many nights i still ca n't sleep . even with a security system i do n't feel safe in my own home . i 'm nervous about when random people walk down the street and constantly have our doors locked . q : has this crime effected the lifestyle of you or your family ? due to the impact it has had on my 5-year-old daughter we have to consider the area in which we go . while my daughter and i used to play outside , we are hesitant to do so now by ourselves . q : if you have any additional information , please feel free to attach it to this form . ( i.e , recommended sentence ) . this incident has had the most impact on my daughter . she is in constant fear of black men . when we are running errands , if we come across a black male , she holds me tight and begs me to leave . if ( she ) is playing in a room and i walk into another , she freaks out . it has affected her friendships at school and our relationship with african american friends . tommy gray , father . q : has the crime had a psychological impact on you ? for months after this crime i could n't sleep . i would relive this incident every night before bed . i would constantly see their faces every time i closed my eyes . q : has this crime effected the lifestyle of you or your family ? since the crime occurred my daughter is terrified of black males . where ever we go , we are constantly reminded of her fears . she brings up the crime and ca n't be left alone in our own home because she is afraid someone will bust in the door . ' q : has this crime resulted in any damages or loss of property ? my wife 's cell phone and vacation fund of about $ 1000 . q : if you have any additional information , please feel free to attach it to this form . ( i.e , recommended sentence ) . i do n't have a recommended sentence but i feel like probation is not enough . this crime will effect my daughter for the rest of her life and mr. wallace deserves to serve time . if holding a little girl at gunpoint gets you probation , then our system is flawed . 