bald , emaciated and close to death : this is the shocking images on show inside a caged hen farm in victoria . these were the scenes that greeted animal liberation victoria activists who broke into wagner 's poultry farm in coldstream in march . the photographs they took at the yarra valley farm give a chilling insight into the bleak world of caged chicken factories . scroll down for video . some of the hens found at wagner 's poultry farm were ravaged and dying . some looked as if they had only a few days left to live such was their condition . eggs were still being produced at the farm despite the poorly hens . activists said they found birds living in terrible conditions . amazingly , two weeks earlier government health officials inspected the farm , but gave it the all clear . however , several hens were in such a bad state that they had to be removed from the cages by the activists as they were in desperate need of veterinary care . ' during multiple investigations in march , our rescue team discovered deformed , sick and dying hens , filthy conditions and immensely dangerous working conditions , which are now being investigated by worksafe , ' noah hannibal president of animal liberation victoria told daily mail australia . hens continue to lay eggs despite a dead carcase lying in the cage beneath them . animal liberation victoria activists look through the cages to see how healthy the hens are . ' photos and video were taken of hens with eyeballs hanging out , with mangled beaks , and completely defeathered hens . ' hens spend over a year in small wire cages , as is standard practice in the egg industry . when they are no longer ' profitable ' they are sent to the slaughterhouse . ' our rescue team found many hens in urgent need of veterinary attention , who were clearly not receiving any care . ' but the owner of the 6000-bird farm that sells caged , free-range chicken and duck eggs has denied claims that the animals were not being cared for properly . two dead hen carcases are just left on the floor of the caged chicken farm . dirt and dust hang from the hen cages that look as if they have n't been cleaned for ages . wagner’s poultry is a family business that has been operating for over 50 years . ‘wagner’s is regularly inspected by the department of primary industries alongside a veterinary practitioner to ensure wagner’s meets all regulatory requirements and adheres to the industries code of practice , ’ the company said in a statement . ‘ at no time has the industry regulator raised concerns with the animal husbandry practices on wagner’s property . ‘wagner’s chicken picken shed has been specifically designed to ensure that all our poultry is selected in a stress-free environment rather than being chased and caught in the paddock . ’ nothing to see here : one hen with a mangled beak looks forlornly out through its cage . hundreds of hens stand in rows of cages as they lay eggs in pretty dire conditions . dirty and emaciated hens stand in their cages with no room to move . the government department responsible for animal welfare in commercial facilities also confirmed two recent inspections did not find any breaches under animal cruelty laws . however , mr hannibal maintained that not only is the farm a hell hole for hens , it is also extremely unsafe for workers . ' narrow and flimsy walkways next to the central cages drop directly into manure pits below , ' he told daily mail australia . ' this presents a huge danger to any humans working in the shed who are at risk of falling down to the excrement pit a floor below - when they attempt to populate and depopulate the cages , or carry out the ‘ daily inspection’ required by law . an animal liberation victoria activist lifts up one of the hens to show how bad it looks . another animal liberation victoria activist takes a dirty and exhausted hen from one of the cages . webs and dirt hang from the ceiling and cages where the hens as an animal liberation victoria activist looks on in shock . ' many people consider free range eggs to be an ethical alternative to these cruel battery systems that are in operation . ' but consumers should realise that all eggs , whether they are caged , barn or ' free range ' , cause enormous suffering and death . '  