former chelsea winger florent malouda has picked his # one2eleven stars he played alongside throughout his career on sky sports ' fantasy football club . malouda , who won the barclays premier league in 2010 and 2012 champions league with chelsea , chose players from chelsea , guingamp and the france national team . watch # one2eleven every friday evening on the fantasy football club , sky sports 1 or catch up on demand . goalkeeper : petr cech . cech is the man for the big occasions and the big games . the last one was the ( champions league ) final in munich . preparing a goalkeeper 's station is like mathematics - nothing is like an accident . he is somebody in the dressing room with a big character and he 's a leader as well . florent malouda picked chelsea goalkeeper petr cech to start in between the sticks for his fantasy xi . malouda 's fantasy football xi . right back : david luiz . i know with this offensive mentality that i have in my team he wo n't be frustrated so i trust him to follow the manager 's orders and stay in that right back position . he 's funny , but when it comes to reason , he is a guy that steps in and takes big responsibility in a team . centre back : lilian thuram . he is a real defender with lots of experience . he is very , very solid when all the others will take the risk . i need two leaders . centre back : john terry . the second one is the captain . i pick a team with a lot of characters . i needed somebody to lead them and jt is a natural born leader . i need a player like him to make the team perform . left back : eric abidal . i wanted to pick ashley cole because we had a great time together and we had a great understanding , but i have to pick my close friend eric abidal . i started to play with him during my time at lyon . he 's a little bit like david luiz in the dressing room always having fun and joking around . he has this faith and to sacrifice himself to help you be a better player . malouda included chelsea defender john terry ( far left , pictured in 2007 ) for his leadership qualities . defensive midfielder : claude makelele . he is a leader and for me a tactical genius . he was the kind of guy telling you , ' be cool and and just stay in that position ' . midfielder : patrick vieira . he is just a legend and makes things so simple . playing with him was easy and that 's the kind of guy when you train with them you learn a lot of things . he 's a fighter and you need that fighting spirit because not every game will be easy . former arsenal and france midfielder , pictured with malouda in 2006 , starts in a three-man central midfield . right midfielder : frank lampard . in my team you 're going for goals and lamps is a great professional and a great example to follow . arriving in this league i remember didier drogba telling me , ' watch ( him ) because you have to learn ' . i 've seen so many times ( lampard ) score winning goals . left midfielder : zinedine zidane . i would give him the freedom . everytime you are stressed , everything is in slow motion for him . my team will play with style and class with zizou . zinedine zidane and thierry henry , who played alongside malouda for the france national team , start in attack . striker : thierry henry . i remember when i arrived in 2004 ( in the national team ) , he welcomed me . i never even knew thierry henry even knew me . he loves the game so much and he 's an arsenal legend . striker : didier drogba . i met him when we first played together in the second division in france at guingamp . watching him get to the world class level when he scored that header coming out of nowhere in munich . then he had that opportunity with that last penalty . he gave us the champions league which made me so , so happy . he 's a striker for the big occasions and big games . chelsea forward didier drogba , pictured alongside malouda at the 2012 champions league , leads the line . malouda poses with his # one2eleven side after naming his team on sky sports ' fantasy football club .