model abbey clancy is helping to target breast cancer , by striking a sultry pose in a new charity campaign . the winner of 2013 's strictly come dancing joins singer foxes , 25 , victoria 's secret angel lily donaldson , 28 , and model alice dellal , 27 , in the new series of pictures by photographer simon emmett for fashion targets breast cancer . clancy , 29 , looks chic as she shows off her famous legs , wearing just a plain white shirt . abbey clancy leads the glamour as she joins forces with her famous friends to target breast cancer , by striking a sultry pose in a new charity campaign . the model , who is mother to four-year-old daughter sophia with footballer husband peter crouch , said : ' as a mum , it makes me proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work towards ensuring the next generation of young women do not have be afraid of a diagnosis of breast cancer . ' i 'm wearing my support , and i want everyone across the uk to do the same and get behind this campaign . ' holding onto heaven singer foxes looks foxy in cropped stripy top and jeans . abbey says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work towards ensuring the next generation of young women do not have be afraid of a diagnosis of breast cancer . victoria 's secret angel lily donaldson , who has been in the industry for years , also adds some glamour to the charity campaign . holding onto heaven singer foxes dons a stripy top and jeans for the campaign she says she 's ' honoured ' to be a part of . she said : ' i 'm so honoured to be taking part in this year 's fashion targets breast cancer , and becoming part of the campaign 's awesome heritage . ' fashion is a huge part of my life , and if by taking part i can inspire women to wear their support , join the fight and take on breast cancer head on , then that will be something to be really proud of . ' now in its 19th year , the campaign has so far raised £13.5m for breakthrough breast cancer 's research funding . this year the range of clothes and accessories have been produced in conjunction with high street partners m & s , river island , warehouse , topshop , laura ashley , debenhams , superga , baukjen and the cambridge satchel company . they can be viewed online at www.fashiontargetsbreastcancer.org.uk/lookbook . the campaign , which also stars alice dellal , has so far raised £13.5m for breakthrough breast cancer 's research funding .