quinton ‘rampage’ jackson has admitted he has already been through the wringer , even before he steps back into the octagon . jackson returns to the ufc after two years with bellator when he takes on fabio maldonado in montreal on saturday night . but he had to first endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at ufc 186 . quinton ' rampage ' jackson and fabio maldonado face off during the ufc 186 weigh-in on friday . ‘ everything happens for a reason , ’ he said . ‘ it was a very stressful period , it was so stressful preparing for this fight . i 've never went through this type of thing before . i felt like i had to fight to get here , and that 's been a tough fight . ' i probably wo n't feel any emotions until after the fight or right before the fight . i just wanted to make it here for the fans , though . i feel like the fans wanted to see me fight , a lot of fans bought tickets and wanted to watch the pay-per-view and see this fight so i 'm glad to be here . ' he 's [ maldonado ] good on paper . he 's a stand up fighter ; on paper it 's the type of fight i love so it should be a good show for the fans . but i 've heard he 's been doing a lot of wrestling so we 'll see what happens . ’ jackson , the former light-heavyweight champion , takes on maldonado at a catchweight of 215lb . former light-heavyweight champion jackson has been through a stressful fight to make ufc comeback . ' i 'm tired of fighting guys who are cowards , who just want to take you down and lay on top of you . in fights like that , the fans lose , ’ he added . ' i am a true definition of a fighter , you know what i 'm saying . my style is a brawl , a street fighter . i like the excitement of the surprise of what he 's going to bring at me . ' we 're both pretty big guys . it was stressful preparing for this fight - it was kind of hard for either of us to keep our weight down . i just think it 's fair for both of us [ that this is a catch weight fight at 215lbs ] . ‘ fighting is mostly mental , even the weight loss part of it . when you 're stressing out , there 's nothing you can do . the thing you guys want to see is two healthy , strong fighters fighting each other , not people who are killing themselves trying to get down to weight the night before . ' 