two 18-month-old twins drowned in a canal in arizona after their mother tried to swat away a bee and let go of their stroller , police in yuma said . alexis keslar was walking with her sons , eli and silas keslar along the canal bank on friday when she was distracted and the stroller tragically rolled away from her into the canal . keslar desperately tried to rescue her sons , but police have said finding a way down the steep banks proved too difficult and she watched helplessly as the strong current swept her children away . tragedy : the twin 18-month-old boys who died after falling into a arizona canal this weekend have been identified as brother eli and silas keslar . pictured above on their first birthday with parents alexis ( left ) and mark keslar ( right ) . eli and silas were pulled from the water one hour later and rushed to hospital where they were pronounced dead . ' no parent should ever have to lose a child , you know , let alone both of them at the same time , ' family friend marlene gleim told cnn . ' that 's what really , really is heartbreaking to me , because those little boys were , you know , meant so much to so many people . ' while authorities in the southern arizona town officially identified the victims , a go fund me page was set up for the parents , mark and alexis keslar . marlene gleim , a friend of the boys ' grandmother marlena martinez , set up the page after learning about their deaths on local media . the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the boys has already raised more than $ 20,000 . too young : authorities revealed on monday that the two boys ended up in the canal because their mother was fighting off a bee . waterway : visible in this picture of the yuma canal are its steep banks . along other parts of the canal there is a strong current running too . ' i would consider them family , and family is not always blood-related , ' ms gleim told the yuma sun . ' i 'm extremely… i 'm at a loss of words with all of this . ' after the tragic reason the boys died was revealed , authorities cautioned others on the seemingly benign canal . ' many people typically do not comprehend how swift the current in these canals are and how deep the water can be , ' yuma police said . ' they also do not realize how difficult it is to climb back up many of the canal embankments . ' emergency : above , the scene were the two boys were pulled out of the canal friday morning in yuma , arizona . the toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water at 9.45am on friday . after a police search that lasted more than an hour , the brothers were pulled from the water . they were flown by a u.s. marine corps helicopter to a yuma hospital , where they were pronounced dead , franklin said . the area along the canal is used by families for walks and by joggers and a family member was nearby when the boys ended up in the water . yuma fire department spokesman mike erfert said their crews were called out on a possible drowning . tragic : eli and silas are pictured above in a recent photo posted to their grandmother 's facebook page . touching : as of sunday , the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the two boys had raised over $ 10,000 . helicopters from the u.s. border patrol and the marine corps also flew over the canal searching for the boys . the border patrol helicopter crew spotted the brothers in the water , erfert said , and they were pulled out at about 11.20am . paramedics began immediate life-saving efforts and the boys were quickly loaded onto the marine corps helicopter for the trip to the hospital .