a woman who ate four takeaways a week and smoked 20 cigarettes a day has shed eight stone after doctors told her she was at risk of suffering a stroke at just 23 . rochelle holmes , of bishop auckland , county durham , was told she had gained so much weight she could die before the age of 25 due to her bad habits . her lifestyle meant she had ballooned to 20st 5lbs , but after receiving the stark warning about her health she decided to lose weight and quit smoking once and for all . but by swapping takeaways for healthy alternatives and controlling the amounts she ate , she managed to slim down to a size 12 . rochelle holmes , 26 , ballooned to 20st 5lbs ( left ) after eating four takeaways a week - and she also smoked 20 cigarettes a day . she shed 8st after changing her diet and exercising and is now a size 12 ( right ) . miss holmes , who works as a bakery assistant , said : ' now i make sure a third of my plate is packed full of vegetables . ' i snack on apples and other fruits and make sure my portions are controlled . ' i 'm proof that you can succeed and i want to feel healthy for the rest of my life . ' the 26-year-old , who used to be a size 24 , said she was always a ' big girl ' - but began piling on the pounds in her final year of school going to bars and clubs with friends . a typical night out would involve several pints and bottles of blue wkd , a packet of cigarettes and then a greasy takeaway . by the time she reached 17 , miss holmes was a size 20 . she began to rely on fatty foods and would easily spend over £30 a week on pizzas and kebabs , meaning she never learned to cook or prepare a proper meal . she said : ' i was addicted to fatty foods as well as the cigarettes . i could n't resist tucking into a takeaway after a night out and then continued when i was hungover . ' miss holmes ballooned to a size 24 after going on nights out with friends and heavily drinking . she spent £30 a week on takeaways and kebabs and never learned to cook a proper meal . she was so overweight she became out of breath walking up stairs ( she is pictured , left , before her weight loss ) . after slimming down to 11st ( pictured right ) miss holmes says she ' wants to be healthy forever ' . ' then i became really miserable . i stopped going out because i did n't feel attractive any more . i was happy that my partner chris loved me and that was all i needed . ' but when i was n't going out drinking , i would rely on takeaways instead . ' it was a vicious cycle and i was comfort eating . ' growing up , i was used to huge portions and watching my mum comfort eat , so it ended up like a habit . ' i would never exercise and would think nothing of tucking into fish and chips , dumplings or pizza . ' the reality of her weight gain only hit her when she attended her medical centre , in the hope of quitting smoking , and she could n't climb the stairs without getting breathless . medical experts warned her blood pressure was dangerously high at 145/90 , a major risk factor for heart disease or a stroke . miss holmes , who lives with her boyfriend chris , a 29-year-old baker , said : ' it was horrible hearing from a nurse that i had put on so much weight and combined with my addiction to cigarettes , that my life was in danger . she said : ' you are at a serious risk of a stroke and you 're only 23 years-old . before . breakfast : huge bowl of coco pops and white toast with lashings of jam and butter . lunch : pre-made sandwiches from convenience stores . dinner : ready meal and chips or greasy takeaway from chinese or fish and chip shop . snacks : crisps , chocolate . drinks : full-fat fizzy drinks , blue wkd .  after . breakfast : porridge and fresh fruit . lunch : ham salad or omelette . dinner : home-cooked meal made from scratch using healthy ingredients , with one third of the plate vegetables . snacks : fruit . drinks : water . ' i was terrified that i could have died . i was completely scared to death when she sent me home with a heart monitor . ' i did n't realise i had let myself get this big but the shock was enough , it gave me the opportunity to change my life . ' determined to lose weight , she decided to join slimming world for support . she said : ' losing weight was really hard work but i stuck at it and joined a zumba and kettle bell class . ' when i first went to slimming world i was so nervous , but everyone was so friendly and now it 's become a social event for me too . she added : ' people say it 's expensive to buy healthy food but i was spending between £30 and £40 a week bingeing on takeaways . ' now i always stick to my budget and i feel a lot better for it . ' miss holmes ' hard work paid off and she managed to drop six dress sizes , her blood pressure is back to normal and she has n't touched a cigarette since . she makes sure she drinks moderately on nights out and avoids sugary drinks like blue wkd , instead opting for clear spirits with a low-calorie mixer . she can now wear flattering size 10-12 tops and dresses and can even fit into a pair of trousers she used to wear when she was younger . since losing the weight , she has begun working as a consultant for slimming world , wanting to help others in a similar situation . she said : ' i am now doing something that i love by running a business but also inspiring people to lose weight and using myself as an example . ' chris and my group members are so proud of me for becoming a consultant and i feel amazing . ' i have confidence that i never thought i 'd be able to have and i can actually cook now . ' 