it may still be april , but britain looks set to get an early dose of summer sun . temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22c ( 72f ) tomorrow . not only will that be the warmest temperature recorded this year , but it will also surpass the average daytime temperature for august . that is 11c warmer than the uk april average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7c ( 69f ) on easter sunday in aboyne , aberdeenshire . the 22c ( 72f ) predicted in the south east on friday is also better than the 18c forecast in marbella , 16c in rhodes , 10c in istanbul and 16c in malta . getting wet : lizzie davis , three , and her mother emma bodyboard at fistral beach in newquay , cornwall , yesterday . buried alive : kyle morris , 11 , lies in sand at the beach in weston-super-mare , somerset , yesterday as high temperatures continue . working together : a coordinated effort was made by these three children to bury 11-year-old kyle in sand at the beach in weston-super-mare . here you go : mason griffiths , nine , feeds the swans yesterday in the river thames by eton bridge in windsor , berkshire . on the grass : laura wallis , sarah clarke , sinead thompson , jennifer owen and alex long , all 18 , enjoy the warmth outside hereford cathedral . hand in hand : brothers michael ( left ) , three , and patrick wallace on dollymount strand in dublin during the warm april weather yesterday . splashing about : visitors and workers enjoy the lunchtime sunshine near hms belfast and tower bridge in central london yesterday . seaside fun : children ride donkeys on the beach at weston-super-mare as the warm weather continues across britain . bridge over the river wye : people enjoy the sunshine outside on the 1898 iron suspension crossing victoria bridge in hereford . sandcastles galore : people relax on the beach in broadstairs , kent , as fine weather continues across the uk . meanwhile the department for environment , food & rural affairs has issued a warning to asthma sufferers of ' very high ' air pollution tomorrow . its warning for the far south east of england also states that adults and children with lung problems should avoid strenuous physical activity . experts said locally-emitted pollution that would normally blow away will become trapped to the ground for longer , because there will be little wind . a defra spokesman stressed the high pollution is not a direct result of the warm weather , but a mixture of factors including the arrival of saharan dust . british lung foundation chief executive penny woods said it could ' put people living with respiratory conditions at risk of worsening symptoms ' . retailers have been stocking up on picnic food , with customers expected to head to beaches and parks for the last days of the school holidays . three-day forecast : the weather will stay mostly dry and sunny for the next few days , although some showers are expected on saturday . warm week : this netweather graphic shows how the temperatures in britain will compare with other destinations across europe tomorrow . air quality : defra has warned of high ( in red ) and very high ( in purple ) pollution later this week . today ( left ) and tomorrow ( right ) are pictured . on two wheels : ellis ( right ) , nine , and katy hubbard ( left ) , seven , ride their scooters along the long walk in the direction of windsor castle . in the water : children enjoying the holidays yesterday try their hand at surfing with tynemouth longsands surf school near newcastle . running : a jogger makes her way past the peace pagoda in battersea park , south-west london , as the warm weather continues across the uk . pretty setting : visitors enjoy the warm and sunny weather at the birmingham botanical gardens in the west midlands yesterday . lunchtime outside : visitors and workers enjoy the sunshine near hms belfast and tower bridge in central london yesterday . falling off : this girl 's hair flew everywhere when she fell off her board while trying out surfing with the longsands surf school at tynemouth . busy : the serpentine bar & kitchen was full outside yesterday as people enjoyed the sun at hyde park in central london . morrisons said it expects barbecue essentials to fly off the shelves , and waitrose sold a week’s worth of barbecue fuel on easter monday . but anyone hoping to head further afield could find themselves stranded , as a french air traffic control strike has left airports in disarray . forecasters expect the uk to see high temperatures until the weekend - while yesterday’s national maximum was 19.3c ( 67f ) in usk , south wales . clear skies , lengthening days and a warm mass of air from southern europe will create glorious weather for the country as the sun shines through . the weather will stay mostly dry and sunny across the uk for the next few days , although some showers are expected from late tomorrow . among the best coastal destinations for warm weather tomorrow will be hunstanton in norfolk , whitstable in kent and prestatyn in north wales . prepared : trainee lifeguards practise yesterday in broadstairs , kent , as pleasant weather continued on the south coast . capturing the colours : melanie baxter , 15 , photographs flowers during sunny weather at birmingham botanical gardens yesterday . sparkling water : boats are pictured moored off broadstairs beach in kent yesterday as temperatures remained warm across the country . magpie in the making ? william , two , from gosforth , newcastle , enjoys a kickabout with a beach ball on longsands beach at tynemouth . lake district beauty : a morning cruise on lake windermere on the passenger steamer tern with the lagdale pikes in the background . surrounded by flowers : will middup ( left ) , five , and matthew and thelma wilson ( right ) , both 82 , yesterday at birmingham botanical gardens . searching : a man made the most of the easter holiday visitors and combed the beach with his metal detector at whitley bay in tyne and wear . incoming : giant jellyfish have arrived at the seaside in britain - with this one spotted during low tide at preston sands in paignton , devon . good day for boating : blue skies and waters were observed around falmouth in cornwall , with the wind made for perfect sailing conditions . peak district scene : amelia bradley , five , runs through daffodils with her three-year-old brother harry at chatsworth house yesterday . al fresco : families picnic at royal victoria park in bath , somerset , as the warm weather continues across the uk . spring time : women and children picnic at royal victoria park in bath as the warm weather continues across britain yesterday . air pollution levels tomorrow are forecast to be ‘ very high’ in the far south east of england - potentially putting asthma sufferers at risk . the guidance from the department for environment , food & rural affairs affects people on the sussex coast in towns including hastings , bexhill and eastbourne . ‘ adults and children with lung problems , adults with heart problems , and older people , should avoid strenuous physical activity , ' it says . meanwhile people with asthma ‘ may find they need to use their reliever inhaler more often’ . defra said that conditions will see 'locally-emitted pollution become trapped to the ground , because there 's not so much wind ' . a spokesman told mailonline : ' basically we 've seen local pollution and it 's a mixture of that with some air coming in from the continent and a little bit of saharan dust . it will just be on friday that we see `` very high '' measurements , and it 's due to clear up by 6am on saturday . ' met office meteorologist dan williams said : ‘ we are looking at high temperatures for most days until the weekend . ’ he added : ‘ friday is looking like the warmest day of the week - we may well see 21c ( 70f ) or higher in london . ’ england , wales , scotland and northern ireland each had their warmest days of 2015 over easter , but those records could all be broken by tomorrow . the average uk temperature for april is 11.4c ( 52f ) and for england is 12.4c ( 54f ) , according to the met office . meanwhile safety charities warned people not to be tempted to swim in reservoirs or from unmonitored beaches during the warm weather . some 400 people drown in the uk each year , the equivalent of one every 20 hours . in times of good weather drownings peak , charities said . and morrisons said it expects barbecue essentials to fly off the shelves this weekend as the uk basks in some early spring sunshine . the bradford-based retailer is predicting it will make and sell 1.4million fresh british beef burgers - a 30 per cent rise on last week . it also said sales of sausages made at its own manufacturing sites are expected to exceed 1million , while 1.6million burger buns will be baked . morrisons added that this week it will sell half a million pegs and 62 miles of washing lines - enough to stretch from london to cambridge . waitrose said its rosé wine sales are up 24 per cent , strawberries are up 32 per cent , and a week’s worth of barbecue fuel was sold on easter monday . a spokesman added : ‘ shoppers are making the most of the change in temperature and stocking up on summery food and drinks . ’ reflection : a spring morning by anish kapoor 's temenos sculpture , on the south bank of the tees in middlesbrough . beautiful morning : a view of derwentwater in the lake district yesterday , taken at 7.30am , as britain enjoys a warm week of weather . misty morning : a cyclist rides through fog at richmond park in south-west london yesterday as the capital saw temperatures in the high teens . early risers : a horse rider in upper lambourn , berkshire ( left ) , and a sunrise in grange-over-sands , cumbria ( right ) , yesterday morning . on the lookout : deer stare over a foggy field at sunrise in richmond park , south-west london , as another warm day was forecast . clear sky : a satellite view from metdesk at 9.30am yesterday ( left ) , and tomorrow afternoon 's temperatures seen in a netweather map ( right ) . surface pressure : the met office said high pressure this week will bring dry weather - with temperatures staying reaching the high teens . let the sneezing begin : the birch pollen risk is expected to rise to high in southern and central regions of the uk ( denoted by ' h ' ) by tomorrow . monthly means : the average uk temperature for april is 11.4c ( 52f ) and for england is 12.4c ( 54f ) , according to the met office . stunning sunset : the iconic spinnaker tower is silhouetted against the sun at the end of a warm and sunny day in portsmouth yesterday . in addition , sainsbury 's said it expects to sell an additional 500,000 sandwiches and 500,000 individual fresh burgers to normal this week . a spokesman for the supermarket added that sales of muffin tins have risen by a whopping 350 per cent , while dinnerware is up by 35 per cent . m & s said sales of its grill range including burgers and ‘ posh dogs’ are expected to rise by 30 per cent as people plan barbecues in the warm weather . a spokesman added : ‘ it is expected that our prepared salads sales will increase by 35 per cent as people are looking for lighter options . ’ finally , aldi said it expects sales of its premium aberdeen angus beef burgers to increase by 25 per cent as customers fire up their barbecues .