reigning champion novak djokovic dug deep to avoid a shock exit at the hands of alexandr dolgopolov before powering into the quarter-finals of the miami open . the unseeded dolgopolov - ranked 65th in the world , 64 places behind djokovic - surprised the serbian by winning a first-set tie-break and building a quick 4-2 lead in the second set . but djokovic steeled himself and rallied to force a decider , which he wrapped up without much resistance from his deflated ukrainian opponent . novak djokovic celebrates after securing a quarter-final place at the miami open . novak djokovic came back from a set down to reach the quarter-finals of the miami open on tuesday . alexandr dolgopolov had both of his soles bandaged and won only three points in the final set . djokovic claimed a succession of long exchanges in the second set to even the match and go on to win . the 6-7 ( 3/7 ) 7-5 6-0 triumph pits the world number one against david ferrer in the last eight after the spaniard saw off gilles simon 7-6 ( 7/5 ) 6-0 in a little over an hour and a half . also through to the quarters are british number one andy murray and fourth seed kei nishikori . the scot racked up a 500th career win by edging out kevin anderson 6-4 3-6 6-3 to book a meeting with austrian dominic thiem , a 7-6 ( 7/5 ) 4-6 7-5 victor against adrian mannarino . nishikori of japan made light work of david goffin and his 6-1 6-2 sees him progress to a match-up against big-serving american john isner , who rallied to upset fifth seed milos raonic 6-7 ( 3/7 ) 7-6 ( 8/6 ) 7-6 ( 7/5 ) in a match which last two and three-quarter hours . david ferrer celebrates after defeating gilles simon to book his place in the last eight . simon is grounded after a fall during his defeat to ferrer , who faces novak djokovic next . andy murray was given a celebratory cake to mark 500 wins on the atp circuit after beating kevin anderson . tomas berdych also made it through to the quarter-finals by beating gael monfils . kei nishikori is also through to the last eight , defeating serbia 's viktor troicki . czech challenger tomas berdych reached his sixth quarter-final of the season by beating gael monfils 6-3 3-2 . the frenchman conceded the match by retirement after suffering a heavy fall on court , and berdych will meet juan monaco following the unseeded argentinian 's 6-3 6-3 conquest of fernando verdasco . in the women 's competition , carla suarez navarro lost the first set 6-0 but hit back to see off venus williams 0-6 6-1 7-5 and reach the semi-finals . there she will face germany 's andrea petkovic after the ninth seed beat karolina pliskova of the czech republic 6-4 6-2 .