leicester boss nigel pearson would have had the ' outstanding ' esteban cambiasso down as his man of the match in saturday 's 2-1 win over west ham even if the veteran foxes midfielder had not scored his fine goal . cambiasso netted with a sweet strike in the 12th minute to put his side 1-0 up at the king power stadium , hitting the ball first time from just outside the box after it had sat up for him from a ricochet . and pearson said of the 34-year-old former real madrid , inter milan and argentina player : ' even if he had n't scored the goal , i would still have said he was man of the match . leicester midfielder esteban cambiasso has received high praise from his manager nigel pearson . the former real madrid and inter milan star celebrates after putting his side in the lead against west ham . leicester remain rooted to the bottom of the table . ' and with the goal , i think it is pretty obvious he was . i think he was outstanding . ' the victory to which cambiasso contributed - sealed by substitute andy king 's late tap-in , following cheikhou kouyate 's equaliser around the half-hour - gave barclays premier league basement boys leicester a much-needed boost in their bid for survival . it was their first win in nine league matches and cut the gap between them and safety to four points with eight games left to play . cambiasso , who has won the spanish and italian league titles as well as the champions league , had said in the build-up to the fixture that helping the club beat the drop would be like claiming another trophy . and pearson added : ' success is relative and success in the past for him , with the clubs he has played for , was winning titles and cups , and success for him at leicester this year will be to be a player who has been instrumental in us avoiding relegation . ' hopefully he will be a success at that as well . ' i was really pleased with his contribution against west ham and the other players have a very healthy respect for him . ' pearson congratulates goalscorer cambiasso after the final whistle of his side 's win against the hammers . cambiasso , jamie vardy ( left ) and david nugent ( right ) look relieved after their narrow home win . mid-table west ham , now with only one win in nine league games , almost found themselves 2-0 down early on on saturday , with goalkeeper adrian coming to their rescue by saving david nugent 's 15th-minute penalty . but they went on to show plenty of attacking intent from there and nearly took the lead themselves in the second half when kouyate hit the post . hammers boss sam allardyce was pleased to see his side play in a dynamic style but stressed that , ultimately , a lack of clinical finishing meant they had failed to do their job properly . ' we had enough opportunities , so did they ( leicester ) and it was a really open game , really end-to-end stuff , ' allardyce said . ' from an entertainment point of view , for a neutral it was fantastic . ' from our point of view , it is great to play open , attractive football and create chances , but the bottom line is we have n't got anything out of it - and we are here as professionals to come away with what should at least have been a draw . '