british jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks such as burger king , pringles and mojitos which they have had carried across the turkish border into syria . would-be fighters are bringing the items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across syria and iraq , who are desperately missing the western treats . however , the hypocrisy in their choice of diet has n't gone unnoticed , with twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden . scroll down for video . isis fighter jannahtain tweeted this picture of a burger king whopper , which he claimed had been snuck into syria from turkey . another photo posted on his page showed chocolate , pringles and even cans of pre-mixed mojitos . one fighter , using the twitter handle jannahtain , posted a photo of a burger king whopper burger and stated : ' that moment when a bro your ( sic ) helping cross the border into ( syria ) asks you if you need anything from turkey . jihad2015 . ' but he was blasted by another user , who called him ' fake ' for enjoying food from the ' evil american corporation ' . the image followed another photo he posted displaying several packs of pringles , kinder chocolate , oreos , m & ms and even pre-mixed cans of mojitos . it 's not the first time isis fighters have been caught with fast food sneaked across the border . last month a delighted fighter known only as ghareeb posted a picture of a mcdonalds bag on his social media page . according to the fighter , one of his friends allegedly managed to bring in a bag full of five cheeseburgers when they traveled into syria . starved of any variety in his diet , the fighter tweeted it was first time in two years since he last ate one of mcdonalds ' famous products . meanwhile , four britons who were detained in turkey on suspicion of trying to cross illegally into syria were arrested on their return to england yesterday , police said . the four were part of a group of nine people , all members of the same family , who were detained in turkey at the beginning of the month . even mcdonalds has been smuggled across from turkey to accommodate isis fighters ' love of the american fast food chain . one of the nine , a 21-year-old man named in the media as waheed ahmed , the son of rochdale politician shakil ahmed , was arrested when he returned to britain on tuesday . they were arrested on suspicion of the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism , police said . thousands of foreigners have joined the ranks of islamic state and other militant groups in syria and iraq , many of them crossing via turkey . turkish and other security services estimate some 600 are britons , including mohammed emwazi , named ' jihadi john ' in the british media , who has appeared in several islamic state beheading videos . about half of the 600 are thought to have returned home .