tottenham striker harry kane capped off an ' unreal ' season as he beat off stiff competition to land the professional footballers ' association young player of the year 2015 on sunday . kane has been in superb form for tottenham this season despite starting the campaign as third-choice striker , netting 30 goals in all competitions for the club while also scoring on his senior england debut . it 's been a memorable breakthrough year for kane , who spent time on loan at leyton orient , millwall , norwich city and leicester city before breaking into the spurs first-team under boss mauricio pochettino . harry kane capped off an ' unreal ' season to land the pfa young player of the year 2015 on sunday . kane has scored 20 premier league goals for tottenham this year in a dream breakthrough season . the 21-year-old arrived on sunday having also been shortlisted for the pfa player of the year award . tottenham striker kane arrived at the pfa awards on sunday with childhood sweetheart katie goodland . kane will be remembered by tottenham fans after scoring a match-winning brace in the 2-1 win over arsenal . pfa player of the year : eden hazard . pfa merit award : steven gerrard and frank lampard . pfa premier league team of the year . pfa championship team of the year . pfa league one team of the year . pfa league two team of the year . pfa women 's player of the year : ji so-yun . pfa women 's young player of the year : leah williamson . the tottenham striker was congratulated on social media , with the likes of gary lineker and spurs taking to twitter to show their support . kane came through the white hart lane club 's youth ranks and he made his premier league debut for spurs during the 2012-13 season but it was n't until this season that he broke into the first-team . he struck a free-kick winner from the bench at aston villa in early november and was then given a run of games by mauricio pochettino , with fellow frontmen roberto soldado and emmanuel adebayor failing to deliver . and he has not looked back since . ' it is amazing . it is a very proud moment for myself and my family - hopefully the first of many to come , ' kane said of his award . ' i have got to keep working hard , but to be recognised by your fellow players is something special and it is a night i wont forget . it is incredible , an incredible feeling . ' it is amazing . it is a very proud moment for myself and my family - hopefully the first of many to come , ' kane said of his award . ' i have got to keep working hard , but to be recognised by your fellow players is something special and it is a night i wont forget . kane tweeted before the ceremony : ' all set for the big night , big thanks to @ paulsmithdesign for the suit ! ' in what has been a memorable breakthrough season , kane also scored on his senior england debut . the england international also scored a brace in tottenham 's 5-3 victory against chelsea on new year 's day . the tottenham striker was named in the pfa premier league team of the year on sunday . 2 - player of the month awards won back-to-back by kane , making him only the fourth player to do so in the premier league . 3 - he scored his first spurs hat-trick in the europa league in 2014 , and even finished the game in goal after a red card for hugo lloris . 4 - kane spent spells on loan at four different clubs before making his mark at white hart lane : leyton orient , millwall , norwich and leicester . 6 - the striker had scored just six goals for tottenham before a remarkable 2014-15 campaign . 8 - the age kane was when he spent a year with the arsenal academy . 20 - the number of goals hit by kane in the premier league alone so far this season . 21 - his age when he made his senior debut for england . 49 - despite making this number of appearances this season , kane wants to represent england in the under-21 european championships this summer . 79 - the number of seconds it took kane to score in an england shirt after coming off the bench for a debut against lithuania . 2015 - kane has scored 16 goals since the turn of the year . ' it is incredible , an incredible feeling . ' asked to sum up his season in one word , kane went for : ' unreal . ' never doubting himself , had he been told 12 months ago this was his destiny , kane said : ' i 'd have said let 's do it - let 's get it on . ' a lot has changed since then but i have always believed in my ability and have been waiting for a chance to express myself . i did n't think it would go as quickly as it has done but i have managed to ride the wave and the season has got better and better . ' i got the opportunity with the gaffer and i have really enjoyed my season so far - i have taken my chance and this is why we are here . ' kane has been the shining light of the tottenham side , and said : ' we have worked hard and i have worked hard to get to where we are now . it is going great and hopefully it is the start with more to come . ' his stand-out occasion of the season came not in a tottenham shirt , but when roy hodgson ushered him into the england side , kane scoring after 79 seconds of his debut off the bench against lithuania on march 27 , in a european championship qualifier . asked for his favourite moment , kane said : ' making my england debut and getting that goal - it was a very proud moment . it made it even more special . ' for a footballer , to represent their country is the pinnacle , and i 'm very proud . i was able to do that and it was a moment i wo n't forget . ' tottenham manager mauricio pochettino tipped the chingford-born forward for even bigger things after he scored in the recent 3-1 win at newcastle , to become the first spurs player since gary lineker in 1992 to reach 30 club goals in a season . kane beat off stiff competition from manchester united goalkeeper david de gea ( pictured ) to win the award . liverpool captain steven gerrard ( right ) was joined by team-mate philippe coutinho at the awards bash . chelsea legend frank lampard , currently on loan at manchester city , attended with fiancee christine bleakley . ' he has big potential , ' the argentinian said . ' he is young and this is his first full season in the first team . we need to push him to try to improve his level because he has the potential to improve . ' he 's happy in the changing room and all his team-mates are happy , and i think all our supporters and the club are happy at his achievement . ' kane captained the north london outfit for the first time in a goalless draw at burnley earlier this month . he also helped pochettino 's side reach the capital one cup final , where they lost 2-0 to chelsea . tottenham manager mauricio pochettino has tipped kane for bigger things , saying ' he has big potential ' .