over the past week or so i’ve been speaking to people who knew jimmy anderson in his early days . the antigua test , of course , will be his 100th , and he needs only four wickets – a morning’s and evening’s work with two new balls , perhaps ? – to go past ian botham’s england record of 383 . but some illuminating discussions left me wishing i’d had them before – and not waited until cricket’s statistical god tapped us all on the shoulder . a few themes recurred : jimmy wouldn’t say boo to a goose ; he surprised his new lancashire colleagues by bowling fast and shaping it away ; he was a natural . james anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england 's top test wicket taker . anderson ( back , second from left ) 'wouldn’t say boo to a goose ' says his old county captain warren hegg . anderson trains ahead of the first test in antigua on monday , which will be his 100th for england . it was this last point that was most striking . unlike the majority of england cricketers , anderson did not ease effortlessly through the age groups . there’s even a suggestion lancashire failed to spot his talent first time round , and needed to witness him at a second trial before they were convinced . instead , he played for burnley cc , a club which produced more than its share of first-class cricketers : the brown brothers , michael and david , john clare , and vishal tripathi . so when he was finally snapped up by lancashire under-17s , he was very much in the raw . john stanworth , who was then lancashire’s player development manager , told me that coaches from other counties would pass comment on anderson’s idiosyncrasies , not least his habit of looking at his feet as he delivered the ball . the retort was a simple one : anderson was bowling fast and getting good batsmen out . stanworth was wise enough to leave him alone , with one exception : at one stage , his back leg started coming behind his body , and he began running on the pitch . anderson and his first england captain nasser hussain celebrate a wicket during the 2003 world cup . england quick james anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua against the west indies from monday . a session with bob cottam sorted that . otherwise , stanworth allowed anderson to blossom , unencumbered by technical advice . guess what happened ? as soon anderson got involved in the england under-19 set-up , he mislaid his awayswinger . it took lancashire coach mike watkinson – once a swing bowler himself – to reacquaint him with some fundamental truths about the art . anderson’s next departure from the natural game that had served him so well came not long after his first taste of senior international cricket . from now on , the top spin will be shorter , sharper , more regular and maybe even more personal . for more cricket-related snippets , feel free to go to twitter.com/the_topspin . between the end of the home summer in 2004 and the start of the 2006-07 ashes , anderson played two tests – a disaster in johannesburg and a triumph in mumbai . but england had won the 2005 ashes without him , and he had spent much of the time bowling by himself , at a cone , in some corner of a foreign field or other . for england’s much-praised fast-bowling coach of the time , troy cooley , anderson felt like the one that got away . when peter moores took charge of england in the summer of 2007 , he encouraged anderson to be himself . the rest is history ( and that , by the way , is a feather in moores’s cap that often gets forgotten ) . peter moores deserves credit for allowing anderson to play his natural game when on england duty . anderson has always been at his best when allowed simply to bowl his natural away-swinging deliveries . so there you have it . the man who is about to become england’s leading test wicket-taker of all time has always been at his best when others have left him alone , when his head has not been filled with well-meaning technical advice , when he has just run in and – heaven be praised – swung it as naturally as breathing comes to you and me . there is a lesson here for english cricket . for all the time and money invested at the national academy in loughborough , england’s best bowler has been at his most potent when he has done it his way . in pakistan , the cricket community intuitively understands the importance of this : nasser hussain even described anderson as ‘un-english – more like a pakistani’ . in england , the cricket community errs on the side of over-instruction . thank goodness anderson stuck to his guns .  