they will come up against each other in the year 's first major on thursday , but it was n't that long ago that rory mcilroy was looking up to tiger woods . the world no 1 - now 103 places above woods in the world rankings - is the favourite to win the masters next week and claim his first green jacket , thus completing a career grand slam . woods , who has confirmed he is ready to play at augusta after spell working on his game , is one of only five players to win the masters , the open , the us pga championship and the us open - and it 's that success which led to a young mcilroy aiming to emulate him . scroll down for video . a young rory mcilroy is portrayed by an actor in the film as it charts his progress in the sport . mcilroy played golf from a young age and always admired woods as he grew up in northern ireland . mcilroy grew up watching woods and is now on his way to emulating his hero . mcilroy revealed recently that he sent tiger a letter saying he was ' coming to get ' him . rory 's rise from child prodigy to the world 's best - along with his fascination with woods ' stellar career - has now been beautifully told in a new two-minute video created by their sponsors nike . entitled ' ripple ' , the clip features a number of young actors portraying mcilroy as a kid and into his teenage years - from hitting plastic balls around his parents ' living room , to practising relentlessly in his hometown of holywood , northern ireland . a common theme runs through the video as mcilroy and his father keep a close eye on tiger 's progress on both the pga tour and at the major championships . speaking about ' ripple ' , mcilroy said : ' as a kid , i looked up to tiger . when i first saw him on tv , i remember being completely enamored by the energy he brought to the sport . his will to win . his determination . his fight . ' mcilroy and woods will line up at augusta for the masters this week but in contrasting form . woods with mcilroy at the tee of the 12th hole final round of the memorial tournament in 2013 . ' i 've been in that same situation , ' said woods . ' growing up , jack ( nicklaus ) was my idol . my first recollection of the masters was 1986 , when jack won . ' i remember him making a putt at 17 and lifting that putter up . fourteen years later at the 2000 pga championship , i got to play with and against him – someone i looked up to . ' it remains to be seen whether woods will be at the business end of the masters come sunday but mcilroy relishes playing with his idol . ' it 's been an incredible journey for me , going from massive fan to competitor , ' he added . ' to think that not too long ago i was that little boy watching him on tv to where i am now . ' it 's been a cool journey and i 'm very lucky i get to compete with and against him , because he inspired me as a kid and he inspires me now . he 's the best player i 've ever seen . '