it 's not just your imagination : most american teenagers are online or on their smartphones every day , and many are almost continually connected . a pew research center survey found that 92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 24 % admit they are online constantly . it also household incomes can influence which social network children use - with instagram and snapchat being popular with children from wealthier families . a pew research center survey found that 92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 25 % admit they are online constantly . the pew researcher revealed household incomes can influence which social network children use . that includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24 percent who say they are connected to the internet and social networks ' almost constantly . ' a key factor is the growing prevalence of smartphones . the survey of teens between the ages of 13 and 17 found that 73 percent had a smartphone and 30 percent had at least a basic cellphone . even though 87 percent of teens have access to a computer , 91 percent went online daily using a mobile device at least occasionally , pew found . the survey found that african-american and hispanic youth are among the most active internet users . among african-american teens , 34 percent reported going online ' almost constantly ' as did 32 percent of hispanic youth and 19 percent of white teens . ' american teens , especially african-american youth , have embraced smartphones and the 24/7 access to people and information that they offer , ' said amanda lenhart , a pew researcher and the lead author of the report . some 90 percent of teens with phones exchange text messages , with a typical teenager receiving 30 texts per day , pew found . and one-third of those with smartphones use messaging apps such as whatsapp or kik . the researchers found facebook remains the dominant social media network for young americans despite the rise of new platforms . among the teens surveyed , 71 percent said they used facebook , with instagram -- owned by facebook -- the number two social media service used by 52 percent . among the teens surveyed , facebook was still the most popular . asked about other social media , 41 percent of teens said they use snapchat , 33 percent named twitter and google plus , 24 percent were on twitter-owned vine and 14 percent used yahoo-owned tumblr . the figures appear to allay concerns that facebook is being abandoned by youth as more older internet users join the world 's biggest social network . ' even as facebook remains an important platform for a majority of teens , instagram is commanding the attention of half of teens , and snapchat nearly that number , ' said lenhart . ' there are some interesting differentials in the most frequently used social platforms , with lower income teens using facebook more often , while wealthier teens -- while still using facebook -- are more likely than less wealthy teens to report that they use snapchat or twitter most often . ' more than two-thirds of the teens surveyed said they use more than one social network . but of those who use only one , 66 percent said they opted for facebook , with google plus and instagram tied for second place with 13 percent each . the report was based on an online survey of 1,060 teens from september 25 to october 9 , 2014 and february 10 to march 16 , 2015 . the margin of error was estimated at 3.7 percentage points . the pew research center survey found that 92 % of us teens go online daily - and 25 % say they are online constantly . 