busted : sierra pippen , 20 , is charged with public urination and public intoxication . nba legend scottie pippen 's 20-year-old daughter was arrested by police early on sunday after she walked into an iowa hotel and urinated on the lobby floor . police were called to the sheraton in iowa city around 1.30am and the intoxicated sierra pippen was booked . pippen was arrested at the same place on april 10 for public intoxication after getting into a fight with the hotel 's security . the iowa city police officer who apprehended her on sunday also said that pippen ' accused me of being racist ' . pippen was charged with public urination and public intoxication on sunday and was released on a $ 500 bond at about 10am . police found pippen outside of the hotel on sunday smelling of booze and showing signs of intoxication , including impaired speech and loss of balance , according to the smoking gun . the sheraton is a short walk from the campus of the university of iowa , where the undergraduate student lives in residence halls and attends classes . she was ' wearing two bar wristbands ' even though she is underage , according to a criminal complaint . pippen declined to take a field sobriety test and after her arrest she refused a breathalyzer test , according to police . scottie pippen 's daughter sierra pippen , pictured left as a child with her father , was arrested on sunday and charged with public intoxication and public urination . police were called after sierra pippen allegedly urinated in the lobby of a sheraton hotel in iowa city , near the campus of university of iowa , where she attends school . the woman 's twitter page features a throwback picture of her as a young girl on her father 's lap , with the words , ' im more than scottie pippen 's daughter . im me sierra pippen ' ( sic ) . pippen is one of her father 's six children . she 's the daughter of scottie pippen and his ex-fiancee yvette deleone , whom accused him of domestic abuse several times , according to philly.com . charges were later dropped . scottie pippen , 49 , is a basketball hall of fame member , won six nba championships with the michael jordan-led chicago bulls . he was also a member of two u.s. olympic gold-medal winning teams , one of which was the 1992 dream team . sierra pippen is the daughter of scottie pippen , a former nba basketball player . scottie pippen is a hall of famer who has won six nba championship titles on michael jordan-led chicago bulls teams .