tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's £100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer . the togolese striker is out of favour at white hart lane , with both the player and manager mauricio pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens . but adebayor 's wages will prove a key factor this summer , with the striker unwilling to take anything less than his current £5.2million salary before accepting a move . tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's £100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club . adebayor ( right ) is out of favour under current tottenham manager mauricio pochettino ( centre ) . however , spurs are now willing to pay a percentage of adebayor 's wages next season in an attempt to ensure he leaves . chairman daniel levy has shown a reluctance to take such measures in the past , but is so keen to show adebayor the door that he has now changed tact . adebayor will enter the final 12 months of his deal this summer and will be made available for loan or a permanent move . a loan switch may suit the former arsenal man knowing he could net a lucrative free transfer at the end of his spurs deal in 2016 . the 31-year-old togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season for spurs . adebayor is on the peripheries of pochettino 's first-team plans and is unlikely to push himself to the forefront of the argentine 's blueprint any time soon . the form of harry kane , coupled with off the field problems , has seen the striker make just nine league starts this season . despite his problems on-the-pitch , the 31-year-old seems content with life off it as he took to instagram on wednesday afternoon . accompanied with the caption : ' sea , my african roots made me what i am today . they are the reason i'am here today . i owe the continent a lot . it felt amazing to be back home , ' the forward posted via the social media network a picture head-to-toe in african clothing stating his pride in his heritage .