shirley temple 's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her ' emotionally unstable ' during her fbi background check . john george agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because temple would ' overreact if she did n't get her way ' . he also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much . his efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of other people including ronald reagan came to temple 's defense and called her a ' very courageous woman of the highest morals ' . scroll down for video . child star : shirley temple made her name as the child actor who cheered america through the depression but in later years she was a committed republican who wanted to serve her country . public roles : she was initially used to fame as the star of bright eyes , curly top and heidi , but shirley temple turned to public service and was us ambassador to ghana in 1974-1976 and czechoslovakia 1989-1992 . bitter ex : john agar , who was shirley temple 's first husband , was determined to bad mouth her as the fbi launched a detailed background check when she was nominated for office by richard nixon . the couple married when she was 17 and were photographed ( above ) two years later . the claims were revealed in fbi files obtained by daily mail online through freedom of information requests . temple was a child star whose career began at three ; she became the biggest actress in america in the 1930s and raked in an unheard of $ 50,000 a film after the success of movies like bright eyes and curly top . her career ran until she was 22 at which point she began doing charity work and became well known for her republican views , running unsuccessfully for a house seat in california in 1967 . in 1969 president nixon wanted to appoint her to the post of us representative to the un so the fbi carried out a full background check , which included everything from her credit history to interviews with former teachers . among those the agents spoke to was agar , temple 's first husband who she married at 17 and divorced in 1950 at the age of 22 after they had a daughter together . her divorce petition said that temple had endured ' grievous mental suffering ' and that agar had subjected her to ' extreme cruelty ' . when the fbi agent came to speak with agar , the file states he told them that he had not been in contact with his ex-wife at all since they split up two decades before . the report states : ' he further stated that during his marriage her mother interfered with their affairs , which caused part of their marital problems . ' he advised he would hesitate to recommend [ her ] for a position of trust and confidence in the federal government as , during their marriage , he considered her emotionally unstable in that she had a tendency to ' overreact ' if she did not get her way ' . agar did however say there was ' no question ' over her integrity or her associates . president reagan , who was governor of california at the time , gave a statement through his assistant that temple was a friend of his for 25 years and that she had served on the state advisory hospital council . political : richard nixon had known shirley temple long before he was president . they are seen in 1960 at a benefit for the multiple sclerosis society . nixon was running for president and temple a staunch republican . loyal : shirley temple with her second husband charles black . fbi background reports said that they had a strong marriage and that she was a committed patriot . rescuer : ronald reagan had appeared alongside shirley temple in that hagen girl in 1947 . he was california 's governor when he and others endorsed her for office during fbi background checks , unlike her ex-husband . he said that he had the ' utmost trust and confidence ' in her abilities and that he considers her ' loyalty , morals , character , reputation and associates to be beyond reproach ' . the report said : ' he said he had never heard anything derogatory about ( temple ) and he highly recommended her for a position of trust and responsibility in the united states government ' . the picture from other people who were interviewed by the fbi was generally positive , with a few reservations . sheriff earl whitmore of redwood city in california , where temple was living at the time , said that her ' loyalty to this country is completely unquestioned ' . however lucille hosmer , who got to know temple when she was running for congress , said that she was ' somewhat naive in her acceptance of people and organisations ' . she also claimed that temple was ' aloof ' and that she had been accused of ' snobbery ' because she does n't have a good memory for names and faces . hosmer also claimed that temple was ' not a deep thinker ' and needs a good team around her to function well . another female republican advisor who was spoken to says that temple ' can not stand the flak of controversy ' whilst a second said that she is ' easily directed ' . a former district office manager for california representative paul mccloskey , whose name has been redacted , says that he had a ' personal like for [ her ] and felt she was completely sincere in what she does ' . friends : shirley temple was a friend of richard nixon , who nominated her for the american ambassadorship to the un , and of j edgar hoover , whose agency was asked to investigated her background . family life : shirley temple became a full-time mother to her children ( from left ) susan agar , whose father was her first husband , and charles jr and lori , by her second husband charles black ( right ) . devoted : shirley temple and her second husband charles black . the files praised their family life and said the manager of their country club ' considers the blacks to be one of the finest families she has ever known ' there . but he also felt that temple ' did not have the intellectual background for the job she was seeking ' . the fbi file is very much a product of its time and calls temple an ' unemployed housewife except when she worked as an actress ' . an account of an interview with the manager of the menlo country club , whose name has been redacted , suggesting she is still alive , said : ' she stated she considers the blacks to be one of the finest families that she has ever known at the club and described the black children as very fine , strictly raised children . ' a summary document of interviews prepared by fbi agent donald kuno reveals that some of those spoken to thought she was ' not outstanding in administrative matters ' . the file claims that temple and fbi director j edgar hoover were friends and says that agents were not to conduct neighborhood surveillance on her ' unless the need arises ' , and only with approval of their superiors at the bureau . temple was appointed to the post but only held it from september until december 1969 . by 1974 temple was being lined up for the post of us ambassador to ghana after secretary of state henry kissinger heard her discussing namibia at a party and was ' surprised that i even knew the word ' , temple said in one interview . the fbi carried out more checks on her past and approached future president george h.w . bush , who was chairman of the republican national committee at the time , to give his view of her . the response was that bush had known temple through her work at the un and that he ' knows of no information which could conceivably contract from her good character , associates , reputation , and loyalty ' . she got the post , which she held for two years , and was then gerald ford 's chief of protocol , from july 1976 until january 1977 . temple would later serve as us ambassador to czechoslovakia from 1989 to 1992 , a role that president bush awarded to her whilst he was in office . she died last year aged 85 having been married to her second husband charles black until his death in 2005 . president bush said at the time that he and his wife were mourning the loss of an ' american icon ' . read the documents in full below . shirley temple foia fbi file uploaded by dailymail.com .