a man has been arrested for stealing elton john 's iconic heart-shaped glasses from a memphis museum . matthew colvin , 26 , was behind bars on tuesday in southhaven , mississippi , and will be extradited back to memphis on wednesday . the rock ' n ' soul museum reported on april 21 that an employee discovered the glasses , valued at more than $ 2,000 , had been taken out of a display case during business hours . scroll down for video . a pair of heart-shaped glasses belonging to elton john have been found in a mailbox after they were stolen from the memphis rock n ' soul museum in tennessee last week . elton john pictured in another pair of heart-shaped glasses in a music video for do n't go breaking my heart ( accompanied by minnie mouse ) . matthew colvin , 26 , was behind bars on tuesday in southhaven , mississippi , and will be extradited back to memphis on wednesday . an investigator lifted prints and matched them to colvin , wmc-tv reported . police said on tuesday that investigators called colvin on monday and he told them where the glasses were . they were able to retrieve them from a mailbox . colvin faces up to 12 years in prison for the theft . the glasses were to be put back on display on wednesday . flamboyant glasses and outfits have been part of elton john 's signature look . he wore another pair of pink heart-shaped glasses in a music video for do n't go breaking my heart - where he was accompanied by minnie mouse instead of kiki dee . museum executive director john doyle said at the time of the theft that the case showed no signs of being forced open , and that a special screwdriver was needed to open the box . the glasses are on loan to the museum from a private owner , and had been on display for the past few months as part of an exhibit on 60 years of rock . a guitar used by elvis , a gown worn by whitney houston and a three 6 mafia hooded sweatshirt were among the other items on display next to the rocket man 's shades . in the 15 years that it has been open , the rock n ' soul museum has not experienced a theft . the glasses were insured for up to $ 2,000 . the director of the rock n ' soul museum said the case sustained no damage in the theft which he suspected was done with a special screwdriver .