kitted out : mr carney out running in hyde park . just how many water bottles does a man need when running ? if you’re the governor of the bank of england , the answer seems to be four . mark carney was spotted on a day off from helping to run the economy jogging in london’s hyde park sporting a high-tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles . the keen runner , who training for the london marathon later this month , was wearing a nathan speed 4 fuel belt , which also features a zip pocket perfect for storing high-carb energy gel packs . the belt is available for $ 64.95 ( £35 ) at kintec , a canadian sports retailer based in vancouver , suggesting mr carney , originally from canada , bought it before he moved to the uk . he was also wearing headphones and top-of-the range running shoes . his adidas energy boost esm shoes , in green and black , cost £120 . according to the manufacturer , ‘ more boost beneath your feet means more fuel in your tank’ . they feature a ‘form-fitting techfit® upper’ which is ‘ engineered for natural , flexible support and a seamless , sock-like fit’ , the firm’s website states . mr carney , in charge of the world’s sixth largest economy , completed his look with a grey jumper , which was drenched in sweat by the end of his training session . the father of four daughters , who turned 50 last week , is known to be a keen sportsman and likes to keep fit . at harvard , he played in goal for his ice hockey team . in 2011 , he completed in canada’s ottawa marathon , finishing the 26.2-mile sprint in just three hours and 48 minutes in 2011 – an hour and 40 minutes shy of the winning time that year . he continued running when he moved to london to become the bank of england chief in 2013 , and is known to sometimes run from his home to bank’s headquarters in the city of london to avoid the traffic . ‘ like many other londoners i do run to work or home from work from time to time , ’ he said in an interview . he will be running the london marathon in aid of cancer research uk , a bank of england spokesman announced in january . the original : adam west sports his batman utility belt in this shot from the popular sixties tv series .