islamic state have reportedly launched their own ' health service ' , bearing remarkable similarities to the publicly funded british health service , the national health service ( nhs ) . known as the islamic state health service ( ishs ) , even the acronym appears to be an unimaginative copy of the uk 's free health system . the video features an australian pediatrician and an indian physiologist , urging foreign doctors to travel to syria and help isis with their new health care service . emerging last night on social media , the video 's poster show a cropped image of a doctor , wearing an nhs style blue surgical scrubs , almost identical to images seen on the british healthcare service 's leaflets . the video 's poster shows a cropped image of a doctor , wearing an nhs style blue surgical scrubs which appear almost identical to images seen on the british healthcare service 's leaflets . a stethoscope can be seen hanging around the male doctor 's neck and a small microphone appears to be attached to his gown , suggesting the health worker was interviewed . an electrocardiogram and the outline of an x-ray also appear in the western style health service poster . billed as the ' islamic state dewan of health ' , the video features an australian doctor , known as abu yusuf al-australi . it is unclear of his real identity but it is possible he is a convert . abu yusuf says : ' my name is abu yusuf . i am one of the media team in raqqa.i made hijrah from australia to the islamic state to live under the khilafah . ' i saw this as part of my jihad for islam , to help the muslim ummah ( community ) in the area that i could which is the medical field . ' the video features an australian doctor , known as abu yusuf al-australi . the doctor is shown monitoring and handling babies in a maternity unit as well as teaching another doctor how to care for the infant patients . one patient is shown being attended to by a syrian doctor . the video also shows off new medical students being taught how to treat patients . the doctor is shown monitoring and handling babies in a maternity unit as well as teaching another doctor how to care for the infant patients . he says : ' when i got here , i was very happy i made the decision and i was a little bit saddened by how long i delayed it . i wish i had come a lot sooner . ' after being her , it is disappointing to think how many fellow muslims brothers and sisters in the medical field , who are doctors and nurses , physios , who are still living in the west and are unfortunately the muslims living here are suffering , not necessary a lack of equipment or medicine but a mainly a lack of qualified medical care . ' the video also features an indian physiologist called abu muqatil al-hindi . the physiologist encourages more doctors to travel to syria to help the struggling medical service . abu yusuf al-australi is insistent that despite the heavy losses suffered recently by isis , the extremist group 's medical service is coping well . the aussie doctor is insistent despite the heavy losses suffered recently by isis , the extremist group 's medical service is coping well . ' it is a good system that they are running here . everything is living up to my expectations completely and we really need your help . ' it is not the equipment that we are lacking , it is truly just the staff . inshallah see you soon . ' the video comes at a time when jihadis on social media , most notably british fighter omar hussain , has called on european doctors to join islamic state . british female jihadi aqsa mahmood , could also be drafted into working as part of the islamic state health service . the glasgow born radical , also known as online recruiter umm layth , studied radiography at glasgow calendonian university . she originally had high hopes of becoming a doctor before she left her family home and traveled to syria in november 2013 . british female jihadi aqsa mahmood , come also be drafted into working as part of the islamic state health service . the 20-year-old originally studied radiography at university in glasgow . aqsa mahmood originally had high hopes of becoming a doctor before she left her family home and traveled to syria in november 2013 . the 20-year-old , who was privately educated craigholme school and shawlands academy in glasgow , is currently believed to be a prominent member of the fearsome al-khansaa brigade . the al-khansaa brigade is an all-female militia , mostly foreign female jihadis , who patrol the streets and punish any woman caught committing acts against islam . however it is likely that with mounting casualties , any jihadi with medical training will be drafted in to work in the isis hospitals in raqqa and mosul . the new video also comes after nine british medical student reportedly traveled to syria last month , claiming they were going to help treat the war victims . the students are all believed to be of sudanese origin and were studying at a medical school in khartoum , sudan . the four men and five women reportedly crossed the turkish-syrian border last month . their families traveled to turkey , desperately attempting to persuade them to come back from the war-torn country . nine british medical students have travelled to syria to work in hospitals in islamic state-held areas . pictured from left to right : hisham mohammed fadlallah , lena maumoon abdulqadir and tamer ahmed ebu sebah . the four women and five men apparently kept their plans secret from their families and fled to syria from a medical base in sudan . left to right : rowan kamal zine el abidine , sami ahmed kadir and ismail hamadoun . the medical students are believed to now be in the isis-held area of tel abyad , according to a turkish politician . from left to right : nada sami kader , mohamed osama badri mohammed and tasneem suleyman . ‘ they have been cheated , brainwashed . that is what i , and their relatives , think , ’ turkish opposition politician mehmet ali ediboglu said after meeting the families . ‘ we all assume that they are in tel abyad now , which is under is control . the conflict out there is fierce , so medical help must be needed . ’ he insisted that the students wanted to volunteer in hospitals , adding : ‘let’s not forget about the fact that they are doctors ; they were there to help , not to fight . ’ the students were named as lena mamoun abdelgadir , nada sami kader , rowan kamal zine el abidine , tasneem suleyman huseyin , ismail hamdoun , tamer ahmed ebu sebah , mohammed osama badri mohammed , hisham mohammed fadlallah and sami ahmed kadir .   