these dramatic images show the moment an audi pulled out of a road and deliberately crashed into the side of a bus as part of a £1million ' crash for cash ' scam . the elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of first group buses so passengers - who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam - could falsely claim from insurers . the crashes took place between october 2010 and january 2012 and earned ringleader john smith 45 , from connah 's quay , north wales , £159,000 . as the pictures show , all the collisions followed similar scenarios in which a car would collide with the side of a bus , causing both minimal impact and damage . in each case , the driver of the car would admit full liability , allowing all of the passengers from the bus to submit personal injury claims . scroll down for video . the blue audi pulls out from whitchurch road , in chester and accelerates into the side of the bus . it then collides into the bus as part of the £1million ' crash for cash ' scam that took place over three years . the elaborate fraud allowed passengers on the bus , who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam , to falsely claim from insurers . smith , the managing director of swift accident solutions , stage-managed the crashes around the chester area over the three-year period , in a bid to create new claimants for his business . he then personally processed 218 personal injury claims - which totalled more than £1million - to no win no fee lawyers . all of the bogus claims submitted by the smith 's company were for whiplash and ' soft tissue injuries , ' meaning they could not be verified by the insurance companies . instead , insurers were forced to rely on the individual claimants and usually settled out of court . john smith ( right ) , 45 , from connah 's quay , north wales is facing jail after stage-managing several collisions in a £1m ' crash for cash ' fraud ; luke mcquillan ( left ) was found guilty of of conspiracy to commit fraud . police uncovered smith 's plot after being alerted by first direct insurance to the unusually high volume of claims . they also found more than 90 per cent of the claimants involved in the collisions were linked to one another . the majority were friends or relatives of the 12 defendants , the court was told . the court heard how smith had introduced 177 new claimants to a lawyer for which he received £960 each time . investigators later found that the bogus claims accounted for more than 75 per cent of the total gross income at swift accident solutions during the period . smith was convicted yesterday at manchester crown court smith of fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud , following a 41-day trial . nine other defendants , who police said played a major role in organising the collisions , were all found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud . four more people had already pleaded guilty to the charge , while two defendants were found not guilty . police believe more arrests will still be made over the scam . during the trial , the court was told how smith masterminded the scam by finding drivers who were willing to carry out a fake crash . more than 90 per cent of the claimants involved in the collisions were linked to one another and were mainly said to be friends and relatives of the 12 defendants . pictured : richard flynn ( left ) and barry cooper ( right ) were both found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud following the 41-day trial at manchester crown court . the drivers would then pull out at low speed , using vehicles provided by smith , and collide with the buses . the single and double decker buses had been chosen out of ' greed ' because of the sheer number of claims that could be lodged , the court was told . bus driver john griffths told the court how he was caught up in one of the accidents while driving a park and ride bus towards chester in june 2011 . he told how he broke gently when he saw the rover car pulling out of the side road , in a bid to prevent his standing passengers from being flung along the aisle . he added : ' i could n't brake harshly because i had standing passengers , if i 'd have done that they would have gone forward , so i had to go gently . the driver of the car said it was his fault , that his foot slipped off the brake on to the accelerator . ' but he said one woman quickly reported that she ' was n't feeling well ' . he was also approached by three men , one of whom claimed he had hurt his leg on the bus steps , despite having no visible sign of injury . nine other defendants , who police said played a major role in organising the collisions , were all found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud including dean brown , 42 , ( left ) and barry cooper , 35 ( right ) . when an ambulance was called to the scene , treatment was declined , he added . a passenger who was on the bus with his wife also told how he saw the rover driver , at a side junction , actually looking at the bus just before to the collision . although there was a ' minimal jolt ' , a fellow passenger was overheard exclaiming ' oh my back ' , he said . smith was also accused of making a false representation by not declaring two outstanding county court judgments when applying for a licence to operate his claims management business . after the case detective inspector simon lonsdale from chester cid said the force would continue to investigate the case . he said : ' this was an extremely complex investigation spanning nearly three years and involving a large number of defendants . ' it has been a challenging process for all officers involved and has required considerable professional skills in relation to the investigation and the subsequent prosecution . ' as part of our investigation conducted a significant number of interviews , to gather the required evidence to prove that smith and his associates had stage these collisions for the sole purpose of financial gain . ' the crime that they committed was not a victimless crime , had all of the false claims created by smith and his associates been successful we believe that the total cost would have been over £1 million , which would have been paid for by law abiding citizens through their car insurance policies . ' det con stephen owens added : ' the police have a duty to protect life , and although these collisions were all minor , they could have been much more serious . ' yet despite the fact all of the collisions were minor , with minimal damage to both vehicles , they all resulted in multiple claims for personal injury claims , with the vast majority of these claims submitted via smiths company . the trial at manchester crown court ( pictured ) heard how the elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being deliberately driven into the side of buses so ' injured ' passengers - who were mainly friends and relatives in on the scam - could falsely claim from insurers . ' through our investigations and the evidence we have gathered , we have been able to identify a `` passenger network '' which shows that a large proportion of the claimants can be linked to each other . this network proves that over 90 per cent of the claimants involved in the collisions are linked to each other . ' although the trial against these defendants has now concluded , we will continue to investigate this case and further arrests are likely . ' other defendants found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud were : charlotte watts , 28 , from wrexham ; daniel shaw , 27 , from blacon , chester ; dean brown , 42 , from chester ; luke mcquillan , 40 , from blacon ; michael gentile , 45 , from chester ; sean kettyle , 43 , from ellesmere port ; richard flynn , 48 , from connah’s quay ; andrew shaw , 57 , from rodsham and barry cooper , 35 , from connah’s quay . cooper was found not guilty on one count of conspiracy . the following defendants pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit fraud before the trial : howard christopher taylor , 36 , of seaforth ; christopher john bethell , 30 , of eastham ; rachel cooper , 32 , of great sutton and jason power of chester . david clancy , 36 , from connah’s quay and jamie stokes , 22 , from mold , were found not guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud .