there’s no doubt that mesut ozil is an easy target for ex-pros and pundits . but when he’s at his best he is worth paying to watch . i’d much rather see a quality player do something special than a bunch of grafters with nothing to show for it . against liverpool , ozil was at his brilliant best in a massive game . you don’t become a real madrid hero or win the world cup without being something special . ozil is just that . mesut ozil wheels away to celebrate after his brilliant first half free-kick against liverpool . ozil is congratulated by his team-mates during arsenal 's impressive 4-1 victory on saturday afternoon . 7 - ozil has been involved in seven goals in his last eight league games , scoring three and setting up four . 241.9 - the german sets up a goal every 241.9 minutes in the pl , the seventh-best tally in the competition’s history . 47 - ozil only played for 73 minutes against liverpool , but made 47 passes in the opposition half , more than any other player . when things don’t come off for the german , people are quick to criticise . we do that too much in this country — looking at what people can’t do rather than what they can — and it’s where we go wrong so often . no , ozil doesn’t charge around like alexis sanchez so people say he doesn’t care . just ask liverpool if ozil cared about the game on saturday . people have been quick to criticise ozil , but the german star is worth paying to watch when at his best . hazard so cool when it counts . a few weeks ago i was talking to john terry and we got round to discussing eden hazard . john told me that hazard was the most relaxed player he had ever played with . he is so chilled out on and off the pitch but that’s exactly what chelsea needed against stoke . in a match where some of his team-mates looked overcome with fear , hazard was playing a different game . he’s only 24 but the belgian is already the man chelsea seek out when they need something special . it was his desire and creativity that led to loic remy’s winner and that could be a defining result in their bid for the title . it’s premature to speak of him in the same breath as lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo — ronaldo added another five on sunday to take his tally to 47 goals this season and messi has 43 . hazard has 17 , which is good , but those two are on another level . hazard , at least , is moving in the right direction . eden hazard steps up to stroke home the opener for chelsea from the penalty spot in the first half . hazard jumps in the air to celebrate his goal during the hard-fought win over stoke city in west london . loic remy finishes to put chelsea back in front after another driving run for the little belgian . it’s tough at toon , even for the best ... it 's a good job newcastle have already earned 35 points this season . if they hadn’t , they would be in serious trouble . but i don’t blame john carver for one second . even jose mourinho , arsene wenger and louis van gaal would struggle with this group of players . it just shows you what a good job alan pardew was doing . he won 26 of those 35 points at 1.4 per game . since he left , newcastle average 0.8 per game . they have declined badly . john carver looks on as his newcastle united team suffer a tyne-wear derby defeat against sunderland . against sunderland , they were poor and the fans deserve better . they love a hero in the north east , but where is the stardust in that team right now ? as for sunderland , that is such a big result for them and dick advocaat at the bottom . jermain defoe’s strike was absolutely fantastic and i can’t remember the last time we had such a good weekend for great goals . jermain defoe ( centre ) fires a left-footed volley past time krul to give sunderland a 1-0 lead . defoe celebrates after his stunning volley put sunderland into a 1-0 lead against newcastle . city must be feeling the pressure . who would have thought at the start of 2015 that man city would be sitting fourth in the table ahead of their game on monday night ? on january 1 , they were level on points at the top with chelsea and had the same goal difference , too . now arsenal and man united have overtaken them and they face a real fight just to finish second . that is not how the owners , players or manager will have expected things to go after winning the title last season and investing heavily in the summer . they need a result at crystal palace , but that is easier said than done these days . manuel pellegrini will be feeling the pressure as his manchester city side sit in fourth place . sergio aguero and co will know they must beat crystal palace on monday night to stay in the title race . with bony gone , gomis is the star . at the start of the season , i picked out bafetimbi gomis as one to watch . as the weeks went by , i started to wonder if i’d made a mistake . not anymore . i watched him at lyon and he’s always had something about him . he’s powerful and is built for the premier league . he’s strong , you can play off him and he’s technically very good — his two finishes against hull were outstanding . when wilfried bony left , i feared for swansea , but gomis has come into his own . it shows how well that club is run . even when they lose players like bony or joe allen , they have already lined up quality replacements and the same goes for the managers . it’s good to see gomis finally becoming the player i expected him to be . bafetimbi gomis unleashes a thunderous overhead kick shortly before half-time against hull on saturday . gomis roars with celebration after giving swansea a 2-0 lead against hull at the liberty stadium . herrera is raring to go . much like gomis , ander herrera was another in my ‘10 to watch’ list . he had a difficult start and had to win over the trust of louis van gaal , but now he looks like he’s enjoying himself . herrera is a good technician but he likes a tackle . i like that about him . at anfield he was not afraid to take on steven gerrard after he saw gerrard go through his pal juan mata . he does not fear reputations and stood up to gerrard . the rest is history . i met him in a london restaurant and he was a bright kid who clearly loves life in england . he’s had to be patient , but now he’s starting to show his class . manchester united star ander herrera ( right ) scores his side 's opening goal against aston villa . herrera , who has played his way back into the united side , celebrates opening the scoring against villa . 1 - only once before has a tony pulis team conceded four goals at home in the premier league — when chelsea beat stoke 4-0 in january 2013 . hope for hoops . a few weeks ago in this column i said it was no time for chris ramsey to be playing the kids . at west brom it was his most experienced men who gave him a result to savour . scoring four goals away at a team managed by tony pulis is no mean feat . west brom’s defence has improved under their new boss but qpr were terrific . it was a result and a performance to give them a glimmer of hope . with leicester winning and others struggling , it makes things a whole lot more interesting in the battle at the bottom . qpr went 2-0 up thanks to charlie austin ( right ) and finished the first half with a 3-0 lead against west brom . qpr boss chris ramsey will hope to lead his side out of the premier league relegation zone .