the runner who won the boston marathon in 2013 and donated his medal to the city after the deadly terrorist bombings has been crowned this year 's men 's winner . lelisa desisa , 25 , of ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours , 9 minutes , 17 seconds and beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day when security was on high alert for potential threats to competition 's 119th race . thirty-thousand runners cruised through a damp monday morning route where well-wishers drew ' boston strong ' in chalk on the pavement to remember the three dead and more than 260 injured in attack near the finish line two years ago . scroll down for video . ethiopian lelisa desisa , who won the boston marathon in 2013 before a terrorist attack , was the first-place finisher this year with a time of 2 hours , 9 minutes , 17 seconds . desisa raised his hands in victory and exhaustion as he crossed the finish line to win the boston marathon on monday . after the 2013 boston bombings , desisa donated his medal to the city . above , he accepts his trophy and crown of laurels this year . ' i 'm happy for no . 1 , ' desisa said . ' i am happy to win and for a strong boston 2013 . ' his countryman yemane adhane tsegay was second with 2:09:48 in mid-40s weather , and wilson chebet of kenya took third in 2:10:22 . caroline rotich , 30 , of kenya won the women 's division after a tense final stretch . rotich finished in an unofficial time of 2 hours , 24 minutes , 55 seconds , edging out mare dibaba of ethiopia in a sprint finish on boylston street . ' i got to the last corner and i saw the finish line tape and i thought this is it , i 'm not going to let it go , ' said rotich , who gave kenya its fifth straight women 's victory in boston . dathan ritzenhein was seventh overall in the men 's race and the first american in at an unofficial 2:11:20 , followed by last year 's winner , meb keflezighi , in 2:12:42 . keflezighi 's triump in 2014 was seen as an inspiring and resilient victory for boston and the marathon as the annual event continues to bring back memories of 2013 . caroline rotich , of kenya , won the women 's division with an unofficial time of 2 hours , 24 minutes , 55 seconds . a tired rotich smiles in jubilation after beating out her adversaries in the final section of the 26.2-mile race through downtown boston . champion rotich edged out mare dibaba of ethiopia in a sprint finish on boylston street and was given a silver trophy for the prestigious race . carlos arredondo , a first-responder that year , handed out american flags at the finish line on monday , the race comes less than three weeks after dzhokhar tsarnaev , the then-19-year-old chechen cambridge resident who brought bombs to the race , was found guilty of all the terrorism charges against him in a trial that saw moving testimony from victims who had lost loved ones and limbs . tsarnaev , now 21 , could face the death penalty after sentencing in federal court . some victims of the attack have spoken out saying they are against capital punishment for the young man . newlyweds jessica kensky and patrick downes , who lost limbs in the bombing , said that they support life without parole so that tsarnaev ' disappears from our collective consciousness as soon as possible , ' according to the boston globe . ' if there is anyone who deserves the ultimate punishment , it is the defendant . however , we must overcome the impulse for vengeance , ' they said . police presence at the boston marathon was high two years after the terrorist attack that claimed three lives and injured hundreds . spectators at the event were made to pass through security checkpoints . some victims of the attack said that they want bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev to ' disappear from our collective consciousness as soon as possible ' . runners including meb keflezighi of san diego and lelisa desisa of ethiopia leave the start line on a damp and windy morning . american desiree linden ( left ) led the pack for a large portion of the 26.2-mile race , though rotich ( second from left ) eventually triumphed . carlos arredondo , a cowboy hat-wearing first-responder who helped save victims of the 2013 bombing , passed out american flags at this year 's event and held a ' boston strong ' banner . while the events and victims of two years ago were remembered on monday , the race proceeded as it has done since 1897 . the fastest man in the boston marathon field , kenya 's patrick makau , dropped out after the 5-kilometer checkpoint . it was n't clear why he dropped out . the kenyan 's personal best of 2 hours , 3 minutes , 38 seconds made him one of the biggest threats to defending champion meb keflezighi 's hopes of repeating monday . caroline rotich of kenya won the women 's division after a tense final stretch . marcel hug of switzerland won the men 's wheelchair race with a time of 1:29:53 . it was his first win at the event . american tatyana mcfadden continued her reign atop the boston marathon women 's wheelchair race with her third consecutive victory . dibaba 's countrywoman , buzunesh deba , was third in the women 's race , and american desiree linden finished fourth after leading for much of monday 's race . marcel hug of switzerland won the men 's wheelchair race . it took him 1:29:53 for his first boston win . the 28-year-old finished fourth last year . hug deprived ernst van dyk of his 11th boston marathon victory . the south african is already the most decorated boston competitor with 10 titles . american tatyana mcfadden continued her reign atop the boston marathon women 's wheelchair race with her third consecutive victory . mcfadden rolled down boylston street to finish in an unofficial 1 hour , 52 minutes , 54 seconds . dr bryan lyons ( center ) pushes rick hoyt in the boston marathon . hoyt has become a fixture at the event through the years after being pushed by his father dick in the race 32 times . dathan ritzenhein , ( left ) of rockford , michigan , was the first american to finish . rotich ( right , left ) and mare dibaba of ethiopia ( right , right ) raced to the finish line before rotich won the women 's race . roughly 30,000 runners chose to participate in the damp 2015 boston marathon , which first was run through the city 's downtown in 1897 . the event saw the grit of competition joined by some tenderness as dustin hicks , right , of temple terrace , florida , proposed to laura bowerman after crossing the finish line . she accepted . she wore a singlet in memory of martin richard , the 8-year-old boy who was killed in the 2013 finish line bombing . mcfadden , 25 , is a four-time paralympian and also the reigning champion of the chicago , new york city and london marathons . the russian-born adoptee and maryland native also finished second in the 1 kilometer nordic skiing sprint in the 2014 paralympics . one small difference at this year 's race was the absence of runner dick hoyt , 75 , who instead served as grand master , according to boston.com . the father became a fixture at the competition over the years after pushing his disabled son rick , 53 , along the course more than 32 times . the family has also set up a non-profit that advocates for better self-esteem among disabled youth . ' orange is the new black ' actress uzo aduba runs the boston marathon on behalf of the dana garber cancer institute . a runner collapses on the finish line of the boston marathon after the trek through windy and rain , which is expected to get worse in the afternoon . crowds at the event were smaller this year , thought to be due to weather . above , spectators on boylston street cheer on competitors near a t metro station . the boston marathon this year came at a pause in the trial of dzhokhar tsarnaev , who may face the death penalty after being found guilty of the 30 charges against him . 