the bbc has been slammed for making a computer game simulating the terrifying ordeal syrian refugees face as they try to flee their war-torn country . players of the online game are tasked with escaping syria - which has been ravaged by civil war and the rise of isis - and making it into europe . the syrian journey game , which is available on the bbc website , often leads to players dying and was criticised by experts for turning the suffering of millions into a ' children 's game ' . the bbc 's online game , syrian journey , often ends with refugees drowning in the mediterranean or being sold to militia . the bbc has been slammed for making a computer game simulating the terrifying ordeal syrian refugees face as they try to flee their war-torn country . players choose a male or female character before attempting to flee syria , either via turkey or egypt , as they make difficult decisions about whether to travel by land or sea . grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers , women being sold between militia groups , and refugees being beaten over the head and hurled into the mediterranean from packed migrant ships . middle east expert chris walker told the sun : ' in the midst of probably the bloodiest syrian crisis this century , the decision of the bbc to transform the human suffering of literally millions into a children 's game beggars belief . ' twitter users reacted furiously to the game , which appeared on the bbc site last wednesday . one wrote : ' the bbc news page has an interactive journey on the decisions you make as a syrian migrant trying to flee the country ... sickening . ' another user , matt sterling , said : ' wtf is this from the bbc , interactive game about escaping from syria . such bad taste . ' players of the online game are tasked with escaping syria - which has been ravaged by civil war and the rise of isis - and making it into europe . grim outcomes include refugees being beaten over the head and hurled into the mediterranean from packed migrant ships . millions have fled syria to escape the violence , seeking shelter in overflowing refugee camps in bordering countries as well as making perilous journeys to europe by land and sea . james burke wrote : ' unsure if decision based `` game '' is april fool or not . ' the syrian conflict has led to the deaths of up to 300,000 people since it began more than four years ago . millions have fled to escape the violence , seeking shelter in overflowing refugee camps in bordering countries as well as making perilous journeys to the safety of europe by land and sea . the game could have cost as much as £20,000 , but the bbc insist it was made in-house . a spokesman for the corporation said : ' it shows audiences the choices faced by thousands of syrian families every day . the project has achieved over a million online hits a week . '