a 14-year-old boy who hanged himself five months after his mother lost her battle with cancer would wear her favourite bandana and spray her perfume round the house after she died . william smith wanted to remind himself of his mother , alison overton , following her death from leukaemia . the teenager from grimsby died in august last year , just four months after seeing his mother succumb to the disease . williamsmith died four months after his mother alison overton ( pictued together above with his younger brothers ) lost her battle with cancer . the teenager from grimsby wore his mother 's favourite bandana around the house and sprayed her perfume to remind himself of her after she died . william 's father , dean smith ( pictured with his late mother ) said the family had begun recovering from the loss and were planning their future . an inquest into his death heard how william had been settling in well after returning to school following his mother 's death . months later , while his grandmother was looking after him , he stayed home while she took his younger brothers out , asking her to bring him back chicken nuggets as a lunchtime treat . when susan overton returned she was horrified to find her grandson had died . coroner paul kelly said the teenager had likely not intended to take his life . ' she could not believe what was seeing . she thought he was messing about because that was the kind of thing he did , ' he said at an inquest . ' it took her a while to take in what she was looking at . ' it was more likely the case the teenager was trying to play a prank on his siblings and had not anticipated the consequences , he added . on the day of his death , william told his grandmother to bring him home some chicken nuggets as a lunchtime treat . the 14-year-old had ' settled back in well ' at school following his mother 's death , an inquest heard . the teenager pictured with one of his younger brothers . his grandmother , susan overton , told of how william ' made his mother proud ' . ' i push to one side that he intended to take his life . what is more likely is that , awaiting his grandmother and brothers , he decided to play a prank or experiment , not thinking what the consequences would be . ' that venture turned into a misadventure . ' william 's father , dean smith , told how his son had been ' very brave ' following the death of his mother . ' we sat down and spoke often . we were getting on with things . ' we were making plans , looking forward to the new football season and to christmas , ' he said . on another occasion his grandmother told him how he ' made his mother proud ' . recording a conclusion of misadventure , mr kelly said : ' i wish i could find some words to console the family . ' there is nothing i can say apart from condolences . ' while william had missed his mother , his father said he had been ' very brave ' in coping with her death . the teenager was buried just four months after his mother . an inquest into his death heard how the boy was discovered by his grandmother .  