chelsea were made to work hard for their three points against stoke at stamford bridge on saturday but eden hazard starred for jose mourinho 's team . he slotted chelsea ahead in typically composed fashion from the penalty spot before charlie adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside his own half shortly before half time . stoke continued to make things difficult for chelsea until an asmir begovic error led to loic remy tapping in the winner . here , sportsmail 's kieran gill gives his player ratings . chelsea ( 4-2-3-1 ) thibaut courtois – 5.5 . never called into action in the opening 43 minutes but beaten by adam with an incredible strike from inside stoke’s half . too far off his line and one of the world’s best goalkeepers was left embarrassed . thibaut courtois was on the winning team but will want to forget charlie adam beating him from his own half . gary cahill ( left ) and john terry leap up to block an attempt at goal from stoke 's philipp wollscheid . branislav ivanovic – 6.5 . tidied up well on the rare occasion stoke threatened . played with more freedom once chelsea had the lead and tried to help in attack down the wing . gary cahill – 6 .5 . looked cool when called into action and was able to clear the danger as stoke tried to cross their way into the lead in the second half . john terry – 7 . manned the back well and it took a goal-of-the-season contender for his team to concede against a stoke side that ran out of ideas at times . always the man that remained at the back to kill off any threat . cesar azpilicueta – 6.5 . tried to get forward and help hazard down the left . closed down well and put in a tireless performance . nemanja matic – 6 . a few too many misplaced passes and a hurried clearance almost spelled danger for chelsea . cleaned up well when needed to win back possession , however . cesc fabregas – 7 . won the penalty with a clever cut back that fooled wollscheid . kept the midfield ticking over well . brazil international willian ( left ) also produced an impressive display for chelsea in the win over stoke . eden hazard put chelsea into the lead with from the penalty spot in the first half . diego costa 's ( right ) game was curtailed 10 minutes after coming on with what looked like a hamstring injury . willian – 7.5 . a handful for stoke as he , oscar and hazard linked up well to create chances in the first half , though they were never taken . never short of a run . oscar – 6.5 . scuppered one of chelsea’s best chances to take the lead by placing his shot wide of the far post , and was ultimately – and unfortunately – sacrificed for costa at half time . eden hazard – 8.5 . a live wire . master of the one-two and creating chances . ultimately kept his cool from the spot to give chelsea a much-needed lead before adam’s equaliser . didn’t look tired , despite his weariness during international break . assisted the winning goal . loic remy - 7.5 . looked a worthy replacement for costa as he twice went close to giving chelsea the lead in the opening seven minutes . scored in the second half when mourinho really needed it , and it was deserved . loic remy ( left ) slots in chelsea 's winner against stoke in the second half at stamford bridge . subs : diego costa – 6 . came on but could do no damage as he was forced off with what looked like another hamstring injury . immediately called to the bench for him to come off after 10 minutes on the field . didier drogba – 6 . replaced costa after the striker went off with an injury . had little to do but hold up the ball . juan cuadrado – 6 . little to do but helped chelsea get over the line . manager : jose mourinho – 6.5 . a frustrating afternoon for mourinho , who was active on the touchline throughout , looking unhappy and muttering to himself . either way , it worked , and his team added three points to their title charge . jose mourinho was active throughout the game on the touchline as chelsea beat stoke 2-1 . stoke city ( 4-4-2 ) asmir begovic – 6.5 . outstanding one-handed save at full stretch to deny remy’s deflected shot after less than three minutes . ultimately took a penalty for begovic to concede the first . he’d done his homework , going the same way hazard normally does , but beaten at the other side . his throw was intercepted by willian which led to chelsea 's winner , though . geoff cameron – 5.5 . given the unwanted task of stopping hazard on his runs down the left wing on occasion . ryan shawcross – 6 . stayed physical throughout , as per . captained his team well on a ground that has been unkind to them previously , but ultimately could not help them steal a point . philipp wollscheid – 5.5 . took the bait from fabregas by sweeping the spaniard’s feet to give chelsea a penalty and ultimately the lead . ryan shawcross ( right ) led stoke well but could not help his side take a point at stamford bridge . wollscheid ( right ) slides in on cesc fabregas to concede a penalty in the first half , from which hazard scored . marc wilson – 5.5 . a little unsure at times , largely down to a lack of communication between him and his team-mates . stephen ireland – 6 . strong in midfield but found it difficult to get involved as that area was dominated by the men in blue . glenn whelan – 5.5 . rightly booked for a late challenge on fabregas but did not see much of the ball as chelsea dominated midfield . steven nzonzi – 6 . close with a controlled shot after a poor clearance by matic and again in the second half as he grazed the far post with a bouncing effort across goal . could not take the few chances that fell his way . steven nzonzi ( centre ) went close to scoring for stoke but ultimately did not impose himself on the game . charlie adam ( second left ) is mobbed by his team-mates after his astonishing strike levelled the scores . charlie adam – 6.5 . take a bow , charlie adam . incredible goal as he channelled his inner david beckham and , noticing courtois off his line , scored from in his own half . a little anonymous until that moment , but his faults were obliterated with that 66-yard strike . jonathan walters – 5.5 . little joy as stoke rarely threatened up top but tried to keep them in with a shot and held the ball well on occasion . closely marked by terry throughout . mame biram diouf – 5.5 . failed to make an impact and was substituted after 62 minutes for arnautovic . jonathan walters ( left ) had little joy for stoke against chelsea on saturday , despite his hard work . mame biram diouf ( left ) floundered against chelsea 's stern defence at stamford bridge on saturday . subs : arnautovic – 6 . too little too late to have an influence . manager : mark hughes 5.5 . his team were constantly on the backfoot . referee : jonathan moss 6 . correct decision with the penalty . not many controversial decisions to make aside from that , but had to be strict with bookings .  