david cameron has warned voters that they have '11 days to save britain ' , as he claimed scottish nationalists ' do n't want the country to succeed ' . the prime minister said the scottish national party would prop up a minority labour administration in the hope that the government would be a ' disaster ' and bring forward its dream of independence . but liberal democrat cabinet minster danny alexander accused the prime minister of ' playing with fire ' by stirring up ill-feeling between scotland and england in a way that would only fuel support for independence in next year 's scottish parliament elections . scroll down for video . david cameron , addressing supporters in somerset this afternoon , has warned voters that they have '11 days to save britain ' , as he claimed scottish nationalists ' do n't want the country to succeed ' . the prime minister - taking a selfie with supporters today , said the scottish national party would prop up a minority labour administration in the hope that the government would be a ' disaster ' and bring forward its dream of independence . the warnings came as polls indicated that the general election race was still neck and neck , with the uk heading for a hung parliament and coalition negotiations after may 7 . a survation poll put the conservatives three points ahead on 33 per cent to labour 's 30 per cent . however , other polls had labour nudging ahead . today 's survation poll found that more than a third of english voters would not regard a miliband administration propped up by the snp as ' legitimate ' . more than two-fifths - 44 per cent - meanwhile said that they would rather see england break away from scotland than have an arrangement of this kind . mr cameron told the sunday express that an outright conservative victory could make britain ' one of the great international success stories of the next decade ' . the prime minister echoed tony blair 's ' education , education , education ' slogan when he said his three top priorities would be ' economy , economy , economy ' . but he warned : ' there are 11 days left to save the economy , to save jobs , effectively to save britain . ' a survation poll has put the conservatives three points ahead on 33 per cent to labour 's 30 per cent . mr cameron was interviewed on the murnaghan programme , broadcast this morning , warning of the threat posed by the snp . mr cameron said that the snp ' want to achieve the break-up of our country , so therefore if you have a labour government backed by the snp , you have got a government backed by people who do n't want the country to succeed . ' they do n't want parliament to succeed . they do n't want the government to succeed . they do n't want the united kingdom to succeed . that is really worrying . ' nicola sturgeon and her predecessor alex salmond will want voters to look back after five years of a minority labour adminstration made possible by the snp and think ' that was a disaster , now can we break up the united kingdom altogether ? ' , said the prime minister . mr alexander was highly critical of the conservatives ' decision to focus their election campaign on the threat of scottish nationalism . ed miliband , appearing on the bbc 's andrew marr show this morning , insisted labour would not do any deals with the snp . the labour leader is under growing pressure to rule out governing with the support of snp mps . the lib dem chief secretary to the treasury told the observer : ' i think the tory campaign has been a total disgrace . i think they are deliberately trying to stir up ill-feeling between scotland and england in a desperate attempt to fend off ukip and i think it has long-term consequences . when you stoke tensions , you are playing with fire . ' mr alexander added : ' i think a majority tory government would be a disaster for the whole of the united kingdom because it would lurch this country to the right economically ... but it would be a particular disaster in scotland , because it would give the snp what they most want . - a grievance to nurse for the scottish parliamentary election in 2016 . ' and former liberal leader lord steel told the paper : ' the truth is that a new tory government dependent on ukip sympathisers in their own midst is a greater threat to the unity of the uk than any band of snp mps . '