a replica of the warship that carried france 's marquis de lafayette to help american colonists in their war of independence sets sail for the united states on saturday , symbolic of a historic moment that binds the two nations . lafayette crossed the atlantic on the original hermione in 1780 to tell his friend george washington , commander of the american insurgents against british imperial rule , that france was sending a strong military force to help them . the replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the french river charente on saturday to the military shipyards of rochefort , where both vessels were built . french president francois hollande paid a brief visit to the warship , which was due to set sail later in the day . scroll down for video . the replica of an 18th century french navy frigate l'hermione , set sail on its maiden voyage to the united states off the coast of fouras , southwestern france on saturday . the ship will leave towards the united states with several stopovers , including philadelphia , new york and boston . the real version carried france 's marquis de lafayette to help american colonists in their war of independence . lafayette crossed the atlantic on the original hermione in 1780 to tell his friend george washington , commander of the american insurgents against british imperial rule . the replica is pictured on saturday leaving southwestern france . the new hermione has been under construction since 1997 and cost 25 million euros ( $ 27 million ) to build . it will head for yorktown , virginia , where lafayette and his forces played a critical part in a decisive battle against the british . ' i feel it 's important that this boat is remembered as more than just a modern recreation , that it represents the historical boat as well , ' said adam hodges-leclaire , a u.s. citizen , history student and one of the 80-strong crew aboard the 1.2 tonne warship . hodges-leclaire had made his own period costume to wear during the voyage . the frigate is due to arrive in yorktown on june 5 for a two-month tour of key locations in the american revolution , including annapolis , boston , philadelphia and new york city . a number of smaller boards surround the replica near fouras , southwest france . french president francois hollande ( right ) and the captain of the hermione , yann cariou attend the ceremony of departure of the frigate 'l'hermione ' . the french helped the red coats during the war of independence . hollande took a short trip on the boat before it left on it 's voyage across the atlantic . to the american independence movement of the time , lafayette - whose full name was marie-joseph paul yves roch gilbert de motier de lafayette - was ' our marquis ' . although an aristocrat who persuaded king louis xvi into sending military help to washington 's men , lafayette also maintained a civic role after the king and much of the french nobility had been executed in france 's own revolution , which began in 1789 , less than a decade after his voyage . the two countries sealed their friendship almost a century after lafayette 's voyage with the 1876 inauguration of the statue of liberty at the entrance to new york harbour , a gift from the french people to commemorate the centenary of the declaration of independence . since then , franco-u.s. military and diplomatic relations have ebbed and flowed , hitting a recent low point when france opposed the u.s.-led invasion of iraq in 2003 . more recently , france resisted , then gave in to pressure from the united states , its nato ally , to delay the delivery of a helicopter-carrying warship to russia due to the ukraine crisis . fireworks crackle around the replica of the frigate hermione , used to bring french troops and funds to american revolutionaries in 1780 . people watch as the replica of the historic vessel sails in the charente estuary in fouras . 