as if it was n't bad enough having a job that involves routinely entering strangers ' homes , these estate agents may have just been put off for life . as a part of sky living 's promotion for its upcoming three-part drama , the enfield haunting , real london estate agents were invited to value a house in a viral video . what they did n't know , is that the house had been rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost . london estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house , where they were subject to terrifying pranks . installed with secret cameras , microphones and booby traps , the unsuspecting estate agents are subject to cruel , but hilarious , pranks - which prompt hysterical reactions . an ordinary house in enfield is chosen as the location , and to draw the estate agents in , is a pretend homeowner , rosie , who wants her house valued . upon entering the house , rosie solemnly explains to the estate agents that the house was owned by her brother , who just so happened to also pass away in it . an ordinary house is chosen in enfield for unsuspecting london estate agents to value . cameras are installed the walls and members of the team monitor the hilarious reactions . an estate agent is invited into the house and greeted by the fake homeowner , rosie . this already to serves to unsettle one estate agent , as his eyes widen in surprise . once the scene is set , the funny pranks begin , and a shelf collapses randomly behind the estate agents . one reacts by literally leaping into the air and retracting his arms to his chest in a protective stance . another startled estate agent lifts his hands up into the air in an automatic surrender position . another gasps and raises her hand to her mouth , her shoulders jolting . rosie ( pictured right ) explains to the estate agent ( pictured left ) that her brother recently died in the house . the estate agent looks nervous and unsettled . a shelf behind the estate agent collapses and he reacts with leaping into the air in shock . when the shelf collapses , another estate agent gasps , her shoulder jolting in shock . already unsettled by the shelf , rosie proceeds to lead them up the stairs , and gestures for them to look at the bathroom , while she attends to her phone ringing in another room . one of the estate agents is looking around , as the tap switches on by itself . as he goes to turn off the tap , it switches off by itself . confused , he turns to leave the room , at which point the tap begins creepily running again , and again , turns off when he reaches towards it . in one room , marbles begin violently spilling out of one of the cabinets randomly . a combination of the noise and surprise causes one estate agent to shriek . as the marbles spill out of the cabinets , another estate agent throws his hands up in the air in surprise . he exits the room appearing puzzled and disconcerted . in the next shot , the estate agents are seen entering another bedroom , at which point marbles begin spilling violently out of one of the top cabinets , which is again met with hilarious reactions . as well as horrified screams and petrified stares from the estate agents , one of them throws his hands up in a surrender position , insisting : ' i did n't touch anything ! ' a cabinet randomly and violently topples over prompting a gasp from the estate agent . a woman is shocked as the cupboard doors begin rattling and things begin spilling out loudly . frightened , another man turns around as the door slams violently behind him . many of the estate agents are truly alarmed at this point and go in search of rosie , the fake homeowner . upon entering another bedroom , the team really begin to up the ante with the special effects . first a stocky wardrobe unit loudly topples over onto the floor , and the door creakily swings shut by itself . one woman presses her hand to her chest , truly gobsmacked and exclaims : ' woah ! ' another man screams frantically for the owner of the house . a woman stares at the wardrobe doors in horror as they begin to open and close and things begin to tumble out . she appears horrified as the door slams by itself behind her , her arms crossed in a protective stance . one man decides to intervene in the ghostly occurrence and kicks the spinning chair angri . several of the wardrobe unit doors begin rattling and opening randomly unassisted , with objects falling out , and a chair begins spinning on its own . one of the estate agents cowers in the corner , shakily running his hands through his hair and appears evidently faint . another man comically kicks the spinning chair and shrieks : ' get out ! ' at this point , many ca n't take the strange disturbances any more and run down the stairs , where the team members are revealed and they are let in on the prank . with relieved expressions and nervous laughter , they seem grateful that there is in fact no ghostly presence . the estate agents are let in on the prank as the cameras are revealed . one in particular seems extremely relieved that it is all a joke . ' genuinely , i thought it was real ' : one estate agent appears shaken from his fake haunting experience . one said : ' i 'm actually speechless , like my heart 's actually going . ' another insists : ' genuinely , i thought it was for real . ' the enfield drama will be based on bizarre poltergeist-related events that occurred at a council house in 1977 . starring timothy spall , the three-part drama , the enfield haunting will air on sky living on 3 may 2015 .