isis has released a chilling new propaganda video warning there is ' no safety for any american on the globe ' and claiming the u.s. will burn in another 9/11-style attack . titled ' we will burn america ' , the video calls on supporters to attack the u.s. on its own soil , while claiming its citizens ' sense of safety is a ' mirage ' . the 11 minute-long video also forms a showcase of some of the militants ' bloodiest atrocities - it features the beheading of u.s. journalist james foley , as well as several mass beheadings and the horrific burning of jordanian pilot muadh al-kasasbeh . the video , titled ' we will burn america ' , includes footage of the 9/11 terror attacks and several recent isis-inspired atrocities . the video 's subtitles claim america ' thinks it 's safe ' because of it 's geographical location . it goes on to state that for this reason , the u.s. believes it can invade ' the muslim lands ' . previous jihadis managed to carry out the 9/11 attacks with ' less resources ' than what isis currently has , the video claimed . pictured is osama bin laden in a still image taken from the group 's propaganda video . subtitles added to the footage claim that previous ' mujahideen ' - a term used to describe someone waging jihad - managed to carry out the 9/11 twin tower attacks with little resources . in broken english , it goes on : ' by allah 's willing , the fear will spread among them again soon . ' here it is america now losing billions still to make sure their country is safe . but today , it 's time for payback . ' by the grace of allah , today the mujahideen are much more stronger and they have more resources ( than ) before . thus they are able to burn ( the ) united states again . ' as well as detailing some of the group 's acts of savagery , it also shows footage of the planes hitting the world trade centre in september 2001 . others incidents to feature in the video include the killings carried out by amedy coulibaly , the french-born gunman who massacred four civilians and a police officer in paris over two days in january . it was after he was killed in a shootout with police that a video surfaced of him pledging allegiance to isis , while sitting in front of the group 's now notorious black flag . canadian michael zehaf-bibeau 's murder of corporal nathan cirillo , at ottawa 's parliament hill , is also included . as well as showing footage of isis militants in combat , the video shows news footage of the twin towers attacks . it also shows news footage which emerged in the wake of french gunman amedy coulibaly 's deadly rampage , in which he pledged alleigance to isis . another incident which featured in the propaganda video was the october 2014 attack on ottawa 's parliament hill . authorities later said his attack was isis-inspired , although zehaf-bibeau was said to have mental health issues and a drug addiction . the video is not the first in which the group threatens the u.s . in january , isis militants threatened to behead barack obama and turn the u.s. into a muslim province in another gruesome video that emerged from their self-styled caliphate . the footage showed a black-clad jihadist standing over a kurdish soldier who , in a sickening climax to the video , has his head cut off . before the hostage was executed , the isis fighter warned the u.s. president : ' know , oh obama , that we will reach america . ' know also that we will cut off your head in the white house and transform america into a muslim province . ' the video 's subtitles threatened the u.s. with another 9/11-style attack and claimed its citizens were no longer safe anywhere ' on the globe ' . pictured is a still image from the video . ' america thinks it 's safe because of the geographical location . ' thus you see it invades the muslim lands , and it thinks that the army of the jihad wo n't reach in their lands . ' but the dream of the american to have safety became a mirage . today there is no safety for any american on the globe . the mujahideen before although they had less resources , attacked new york and bombed the twin towers in september eleven attacks . that blessed incursion was a fatal blow . all praise is due to allah , the american economy was shaken . in such way americans lived , and by allah 's willing the fear will spread among them again soon . here it 's america now losing billions still to make sure their country is safe . but today , it 's time for payback . by the grace of allah , today the mujahideen are much more stronger and they have more rescources . thus they are able to burn united states again . '