a young woman who ate just 10 calories a day while in the grip of anorexia has spoken of how she fought her way back from the brink of death . beth hall , 24 , from cambridge , plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb after battling the horrific eating disorder since her teenage years - while working in a chocolate shop . tormented by bullies at school , she began a strict diet regime at the age of 16 , living off nothing more than black tea and coffee . determined to lose weight , she would often go for up to three days without eating a single thing . but after years of turmoil , she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic . and after making a full recovery , she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university . scroll down for video . beth hall , now 24 , from cambridge , plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lbs ( left ) after being bullied at school . she has now gained weight to be a size 8 ( right ) . at the height of her anorexia , miss hall would live on just 10 calories a day - or go three days without eating a single thing . miss hall said : ' i 'm so relieved that i have managed to maintain a healthy weight after battling anorexia . ' it did n't matter how many pounds i dropped , i would always see a fat pig when i looked in the mirror . ' i would ditch my lunch at school and when my mum was diagnosed with skin cancer in 2008 i was able to disguise my eating habits as she was having treatment in hospital . ' she admits she would go up to three days without eating a single thing - but remained adamant there was nothing wrong with her . ' i lived on black coffee and tea which is around 10 calories per day , i was starving my body so badly that i could n't even think straight , ' she recalled . miss hall was forced to drop out of university in 2009 after her eating disorder took control of her life and she struggled to cope with the work load . she added : ' i could n't focus on anything but food , my illness was completely out of control and i was getting thinner and thinner by the day . ' i eventually got a job as a sales assistant , ironically in a chocolate shop but i was so weak and i did n't know how much more my body would take . ' then in 2011 , she developed a kidney infection , leading doctors to warn she was risking her life by starving her body . beth said : ' the doctor told me he could feel all my organs underneath my skin and that i would end up killing myself if my eating did n't improve . ' i suddenly realised that i needed help and at just 4st 13lbs , i was admitted to an eating disorder ward once my kidney infection cleared up . she said : ' i lived on black coffee and tea which is around 10 calories per day , i was starving my body so badly that i could n't even think straight ' . miss hall is pictured now at a healthy weight . it was only when a doctor warned he could feel all of her organs underneath her skin - and that she would end up killing herself if she did n't eat - that she sought help . ' i hated having to gain weight and eating the meals they had given me but i knew i needed to be there . ' this , combined with daily group therapy sessions , saw her begin to make progress - and after four months at the eating disorder clinic , she was allowed home . ' i was finally in control of my own meals again and could attend the therapy sessions as an outpatient , ' said miss hall . despite suffering a relapse one year later she is now back at university and working part-time . she said : ' i 'm now studying graphic design at anglia ruskin university in cambridge . ' i did suffer a relapse , but the therapy sessions gave me the coping skills i needed to get my eating habits back under control . ' she added : ' my whole family , including my younger sister , georgina , were so worried about me when my weight dropped so drastically . ' it has been a massive relief for everyone that i have been able to get my weight under control and that i 'm a healthy size 8 . ' i know my illness will always be there but i know how to deal with it all now . ' i hope other girls who read my story are able to gain hope from everything i have achieved . ' there is always help available and , despite how isolated you feel , things will get better and you can overcome an eating disorder . ' miss hall said : ' i hope other girls who read my story are able to gain hope from everything i have achieved . there is always help available and , despite how isolated you feel , things will get better and you can overcome an eating disorder ' .