student demonstrators who walked on an american flag to protest racism sparked a countermovement , prompting a south georgia university to cancel classes friday ahead of a rally that drew hundreds to valdosta . valdosta state university found itself in the center of a controversy after a video shared on social media showed an air force veteran and former playboy model , michelle manhart , taking an american flag from demonstrators who had walked on it to protest racism . at the protest , held a week ago , manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag . big rally : flag supporters attend a rally on friday in valdosta , georgia that caused the valdosta state university to close down for the day . closed : uproar over a protest in which demonstrators walked on an american flag has prompted a south georgia university to cancel classes ahead of the rally expected to draw crowds of flag supporters to valdosta . struggle : manhart , 38 , is shown , left , refusing to release a flag which protesters were trampling on . in the right-hand photograph she is seen being arrested at valdosta state university in georgia . hunt : police said they traced the gun to a protester who was part of the flag-walking demonstration , and they issued a warrant for eric sheppard 's arrest on charges of bringing a firearm onto a college campus . she later was banned from the campus of 11,500 students . she was not a student at valdosta state , according to the school . the flag-walking demonstration involved three protesters , university spokesman andy clark said . meanwhile , tensions rose at valdosta state when campus police found a backpack containing a handgun on tuesday . police said they traced the gun to a protester who was part of the flag-walking demonstration , and they issued a warrant for eric sheppard 's arrest on charges of bringing a firearm onto a college campus . sheppard fled and has not been found by authorities , clark said . flag supporters gathered for a rally friday afternoon , and university administrators said the possibility of thousands of people rallying on the outskirts of campus ultimately led to the decision to give students a day off . ' that level of traffic and that many people will disrupt a lot of things in the city , ' clark said . ' we 're from an overall safety perspective looking to close the campus down today so they can have a peaceful rally . ' organizers of the ' flags over vsu ' rally said they expected as many as 4,000 people friday afternoon , walb-tv reported . university administrators arranged for extra police to be on campus to provide security during the rally , clark told the valdosta daily times . local law enforcement officials said the crowd that gathered was generally peaceful . pro-flag : a flag supporter waves a large american flag while attending a rally on friday in support of the flag . in support : flag supporters on motorbikes attend a rally on friday in support of michelle manhart . university administrators faced a backlash on social media after manhart was issued a criminal trespass warning , essentially banning her from campus . critics saw the university as siding with demonstrators who walked on the flag over a military veteran trying to save it . ' we were protecting their right to free speech and civil liberties ' without taking sides , clark said . nbc reports that some people t-shirts with the american flag and the words ' try walking on this flag ' written on the back and others carried signs . cover girl : after her original feature , manhart appeared in playboy again . she is shown here on the cover of the mexican edition . nbc spoke with kim thompson who drove 30 miles to join in the rally . ' i think it 's going to be amazing . i think it 's actually going to be part of history , ' she said . thompson , the wife of a sailor , said that after september 11 she became more patriotic than ever and felt that she needed to speak up after watching the flag get trampled . michelle manhart , 38 , was handcuffed by police at valdosta state university , georgia , and driven off in a patrol car after grabbing the stars and stripes and refusing to return it to the student demonstrators last week . video footage of the event , last friday , shows manhart struggling with officers , who force her to the ground after she refuses to let the flag go . it shows her surrounded by protesters on the campus , who demand their property be returned . in response , manhart says the flag belongs to ' the entire united states ' . campus police try to convince her to drop the flag , but manhart , a former training sergeant who served in kuwait , refuses . speaking to the valdosta daily times about her intervention , she said : ' i did not want anything like this , but i got a call from a student who told me that the flag was on the ground , and they were walking on it . ' i was just going over there to pick up the flag off the ground . i don’t know what their cause is , but i went to pick it up because it doesn’t deserve to be on the ground . ' she continued : ' if your cause is racism then find some white people and walk on them . ' but to walk on the flag is walking on our symbol of freedom . you have the freedom to do what you are doing because of it . i’m not fighting against them . i’m fighting against the way they are going about it . ' cause : manhart came to the campus because she heard students were walking on the flag , as seen above . air force to bare force : manhart was once a staff sergeant at the san antonio air force training camp ( right ) , but was demoted when she appeared nude in playboy magazine . she is shown left holding a copy of the issue containing her spread . according to the daily times , the group did n't want to press charges against manhart . however , police gave her a trespass warning , which bans her from the campus . manhart has come under fire for standing up for her beliefs before . in 2007 she made national headlines - and lost her job - for posing nude for playboy magazine . explicit photographs from the periodical 's february 2007 issue show then-sergeant manhart in a variety of provocative poses - first with , then later without - her military uniform . when air force bosses got wind of the racy feature , they relieved her of her duties at the lackland air force base in san antonio , texas . she was later demoted , and ultimately left the air force . however , she remained defiant , telling reporters at the time ' i did n't do anything wrong , so i did n't think it would be a major issue ' . the decision brought an end to 14 years of service . she later appeared in other editions of playboy - including the cover of the mexican edition - and posed for animal rights group peta to support an anti-fur campaign . the daily times reported that manhart now intends to hold a pro-military counter-demonstration in the town on wednesday . in response to the incident , the university 's president says he disapproves of the flag-trampling protest , but recognizes their right to express themselves that way if they choose . dr william mckinney said : ' the american flag represents everything that is best about our country . as the supreme court has held , one of those things is the right to free speech , which includes the right to disrespect even the symbol of our country . ' while i firmly disagree with the actions of the protesters , i understand their right to protest . '