they have become one of the most irritating accessories carried by tourists in recent years , but it appears the selfie stick has been a nuisance for three decades . hiroshi ueda , a photographer who worked as an engineer for camera company minolta , claims that he first invented the selfie stick in the 1980s . he said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in europe . scroll down for video . hiroshi ueda , holding his extender stick for taking ' selfies ' which he patented in 1983 while working for minolta . after having his camera stolen by a child he asked to take their picture in the louvre museum in paris , he dreamed up a solution - an extendable stick with a tripod screw at the end . the ' extender stick ' , as he called it , was designed for use with new compact cameras that were being developed at the time . whether taking in a spectacular panorama , visiting a famous landmark or watching a concert ; the chances are your view has been ruined by a selfie stick on at least one occasion . now the situation may be about to get a whole lot worse , because there’s a next-generation stick that can grasp a tablet as well as a mobile phone . the contraption lets selfie addicts take photos of themselves using their ipad , ensuring they can capture the best possible duck pout or cheesy grin in their shots . the supersized stick is available on the website accessory geeks for just $ 23 ( £16 ) , suggesting that they could be coming to a street near you soon . he added a mirror to the front of the camera so that photographers could see exactly what they were doing . despite being patented in 1983 , the extender stick failed to become a success - mainly due to the poor image quality it captured . but that did not stop mr ueda from compiling a family album of family ' selfies ' using his device . speaking to the bbc , he said : ' the idea of taking a picture of yourself was very new back then . ' the philosophy behind it was that i did n't need to rely on anyone else to take a photo - i could take a picture of myself whenever and wherever i liked . ' some 30 years later selfie sticks are now hugely popular - used by narcissists and celebrities everywhere to capture images of themselves in their surroundings . they have become such a menace that many tourist venues , museums , concert venues and stadiums have banned them . perhaps ironically , apple - the company that could be blamed for kickstarting the selfie phenomenon by putting a camera on the front of its phones in the first place - has also banned them from its next conference . mr ueda used his ' extender stick ' to take pictures of himself with his family while on holiday in europe ( above ) . modern versions of the extender stick allow a smartphone to be held aloft and use a remote trigger to take the photograph or video . mr ueda 's patent ran out in 2003 , however , so he has not benefited from the recent boom . instead canadian inventor wayne fromm developed a hand-held extendable selfie stick in the early 2000s , which he called the quik pod . while his product has sold well , there are many others available . mr ueda said : ' my idea came too early , but that 's just one of those things . ' i patented about 300 ideas , so that was just one of them . we call it a 3am invention - it arrived too early . ' the idea of selfies , however , is not new . remote timers and triggers have been available on cameras for decades . a recently unearthed photograph also showed that some early photographers adopted unusual methods to take their own photo - such as using a broom handle to hit the trigger on their camera . michael pritchard , director-general of the royal photographic society , said there is evidence of selfies going back as far as the 1840s . selfie sticks divide opinion - some people love them and others hate them . but a growing number of venues and attractions have deemed them such a nuisance that they are banning their use . last month the national gallery in london became the latest major museum to instruct visitors that the devices were not welcome . it follows bans in galleries in france and america – including the palace of versailles and the museum of modern art in new york . organisers of two major us festivals have also made clear what they think of selfie sticks . the coachella valley music and arts festival and lollapalooza are the latest in a string of concert venues and historic landmarks to ban the use of the controversial tech gadgets on their grounds . according to nme , london 's o2 arena and wembley arena have also prohibited them , while rome 's colosseum also do not permit the use of the gadgets . banned : the coachella valley music and arts festival and lollapalooza , in illinois and california , are the latest in a string of concert venues and historic landmarks to ban selfie sticks on their grounds ( file picture ) .