you 'd think that being a chef , i 'd want to escape the toils of the kitchen while on holiday - but the opposite is true . i jump at the chance to experience new flavours and gather fresh inspiration . and where better to tickle your tastebuds than in glorious grenada ? the island is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk . heading west : rosemary spent a week on grenada , where fresh foodstuffs like cocoa fruit are easily available . meat and fish are plentiful and , because the soil is very fertile , the vegetables , fruit and salads are the glossiest you 'll ever see . grenada 's seasons are similar to our own , which means cauliflower , broccoli and pumpkins in spring . exotic fruit - mangoes , star fruit , passion fruit , melon and skin-up , which is like a lychee — are the stars of the summer . autumn heralds guavas , sweetsop ( sugar apples ) and soursop ( similar to pawpaw ) , and then there is the temptingly named mammee apple , which is a caribbean version of a peach . sumptuous sands : grenada is home to splendid beaches - such as the glorious arc of grand anse . i am staying in the southwest of the island at mount cinnamon on grand anse beach , near the charming town of st george . it offers well-equipped self-catering villas , each with its own terrace and wonderful views of the bay . you can cook your own supper , but the bubbling restaurant scene is difficult to resist . beach bars abound . i especially liked the beach cabana at mount cinnamon , where they serve fabulously strong cocktails made with local rum at all hours of the day and night . people come across from nearby islands to enjoy the weekly bonfire on the beach , at which local musicians play . this is the caribbean at its best . just beware of those generous drinks measures . the restaurant yolo ( which is text speakfor ' you only live once ' ) specialises in sushi and asian cuisine . i order plums , mangoes , cherries and avocados , all picked that day . the fish is as fresh as can be - so the tuna tartare , its signature dish , almost leaps off the plate . come dine with me : grenada is an island awash with fresh produce and intriguing local recipes . the next day , i watch a fish cookery demonstration at mount cinnamon : a traditional dish of kingfish marinated in coconut , ginger , lime , spices , peppers and chives , wrapped in banana leaves and cooked over a wood fire , and served with delicious breadfruit chips . if you want to mingle with grenadans , there is nowhere better than a rambunctious food market . st george 's market brims with local spices and everything else that is grown on the island . in a 17th-century working plantation - a colonial house and estate - you can witness the crops of fruit , exotic flowers and spices in their regimented glory . here , i learn to cook the grenadan national dish , oil down . this is a hearty , one-pot meal with salted meat , chicken , breadfruit , callaloo - which is like spinach - and dumplings . the whole lot is stewed in coconut milk . delicious ! the food odyssey continues in the evening when i visit bb 's crabback caribbean restaurant , overlooking the harbour . my favourite place to eat on the beach is la sagesse , on its own strip of sand from which you can swim in a bath-temperature sea . a place to cool your heels : rosemary stayed at grenada 's elegant mount cinnamon resort . no tour of the island would be complete without a visit to the river antione rum distillery - the last one in the caribbean to make the drink from cane sugar , as they did in the 18th century . rum is not to my taste , but it 's interesting to see the process behind it . belmont in the grand etang area is more to my liking . it 's a fully functioning plantation and organic farm . we taste goat 's cheese and salt fish fritters , a popular local dish . even the governor grows her own vegetables . her excellency dame cecile la grenade is the first woman governor on the island . she received an obe from the queen for the food business started by her mother . her extensive gardens are full of exotic vegetables , fruit and spices — a dream to any aspiring cook . even the paths are made of crushed nutmeg shells . a fitting tribute to this fragrant and friendly island . british airways ( 0844 493 0787 , www.ba.com ) flies to grenada from £562 return . a one-bedroom suite at the mount cinnamon hotel resort & beach club ( 001 473 439 4400 , www.mountcinnamongrenadahotel.com ) starts from £265 b & b per night .