the real reasons behind what causes knuckles to crack has long been the topic of dispute among researchers . but a group of scientists from the university of alberta in canada claim to have settled the debate once and for all . their study finds the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones . research found that the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones . the study also found that the knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and that immediately before the popping sound there is a white flash , believed to be from water rushing together . the experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) – which provides detailed images of internal body structures – and was humorously dubbed by those involved as the ‘ pull my finger study . ’ biomedical engineering professor richard thompson said : ‘ rapid imaging with mri was ideal for these studies because it allowed clear visualization of the bones and fluids surrounding them , and critically , the formation of the air cavity . ’ one of the study 's co-authors , chiropractor jerome fryer , was used as the guinea pig for the experiment and lent his own knuckles to the cause . the experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) and a study co-author 's finger . his fingers were individually inserted into a tube linked to a cable that was pulled until his joint cracked and the results were captured on the mri video . the next burning question : is cracking your knuckles harmful ? for now remains unanswered . but greg kawchuk , a professor of rehabilitation medicine , who led the study published scientific journal plos one , noted that some studies suggest it does no harm . he said : ‘ why do the same joints crack in some people and not others ? ’ a knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and water rushing together causes a white flash . ‘ although speculative , we wonder if being able to crack ones joints is a sign that the joint is actually healthy and that the inability to do so could be a sign of joint problems to come . ’ the successful experiment confirmed the first scientific study on the topic , which was conducted in 1947 , was correct by suggesting that the sound came from the formation of a gas cavity inside the joint . it also dismissed research from 1971 , which disputed the initial study and stated that the collapse of a bubble inside the joint triggered the pop .