west ham manager sam allardyce lamented his side 's ' nerves and panic ' which saw stoke snatch a dramatic equaliser deep into stoppage time to earn a 1-1 draw at upton park . the irons looked to have done enough to battle to victory after taking an early lead through a superb free-kick by full back aaron cresswell . however , after seeing two efforts from marko arnautovic ruled out for offside and a header by substitute mame diouf hit the post , the visitors snatched a deserved point five minutes into stoppage time when the austrian winger crashed the ball into the far corner . west ham manager sam allardyce was left disappointed after seeing his concede late on against stoke . allardyce will be scratching his head as to how he can help his side hang on to slender leads . west ham remain in top 10 despite their late slip-up . west ham remain in the top 10 , but allardyce knows their position should have been much more comfortable after witnessing yet another late capitulation from a positive position . ' you have to give stoke a bit of credit , but from our point of view , we did not play as well as we can , ' said allardyce , who revealed striker diafra sakho is set for a spell on the sidelines with a thigh injury . ' it was not about us playing well or not , it was about winning and we had got ourselves into a fantastic position . ' when you are less than 30 seconds away from winning the game and you do n't , that is the ultimate blow . ' we are very nervous on that stage based on what happened before . ' we should be on 50 points now , we have thrown away seven points in two minutes or less over four games . ' we cant find the right key elements to see the game out and leave ourselves on a nervous edge by having a little bit of panic in what we are trying to do which is coping with the opposition when they have to take more risks , playing more direct . stoke celebrate after marko arnautovic 's equaliser during the dying stages of the premier league clash . aaron cresswell , pictured with west ham team-mate mark noble , had put his side in the lead . ' while it was a very good goal , we should have dealt with it and kept possession better , using your intelligence to make sure you are doing it . ' allardyce added : ' if we had concentrated better in those ( last ) minutes , we would be sitting on our greatest total and finish ever in the ( premier ) league . ' instead we are scratching our heads on when are we going to finish a game out again . i thought we were going to do it today , but finished miserably in the end over just a few seconds . ' allardyce is out of contract in the summer , with the club 's owners yet to decide in which direction they want to take west ham ahead of their move to the olympic stadium . the 60-year-old , though , intends to remain professional in his approach over the final matches of a campaign which had earlier promised so much . ' it depends on what you say . do you say what is the overall season like ? it should be 50 points , it should be very , very good . it is small margins of victories to draws and draws to defeat , ' allardyce added . ' in the judgement at the end of the season , or if not what happens before that , then we talk about what we are doing going forwards . ' we are still on course to beat the best points record we have had , but we are making it hugely difficult for ourselves now when we really should be coasting instead of looking forward to every game we are playing . ' allardyce has revealed star striker diafra sakho is expected to be out for an estimated two to three weeks . senegal forward sakho limped off in the second half , and if the problem proves serious , he might not recover before the end of the campaign . allardyce said : ' if it is a grade one off the scan , then it could be two to three weeks , if it is more , then you would be lucky to see him again this season , which is a massive blow but we have to deal with it . ' stoke boss mark hughes felt his side had done more than enough to end a run of three straight defeats . ' we are thankful for small mercies , because we did not think we were going to get what we deserved , ' he said . ' i thought we totally dominated the game and should have won it by a country mile . ' we had the setback from the great free-kick early in the game , and it is difficult when you are the away side to come back . ' we showed great resilience and stuck at it , trying to create things , but just lacked that bit of quality at the top end . ' if one of our disallowed goals had counted , i think we would still have had time to go on and win the game . ' we want to better last season 's total and are determined now to get something out of all of the matches we have left . ' 