for three years , john helinski 's home was a cardboard box at a tampa bay bus stop . the 62-year-old had all of his personal identification stolen - so struggled to apply for a place at a homeless shelter . but when a cop and his case manger looked into his past , they found a previously lost bank account with money and enough social security benefits to buy his own house . scroll down for video . john helinski , 62 , spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of tampa bay . he then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter , but struggled because all of his personal identification had been stolen . a cop and a case manager then looked into his past , and were able to retrieve his social security number and his driver 's licence . after the amazing discovery , he told abc action news : ' i just managed on my own . sleeping underneath the benches there and no one would see me . dacco case manager charles inman told the florida station : ' he needed to have an identification , but we could n't get an identification without a birth certificate . ' there was no other option to succeed . you know , the thought of putting a 62-year-old man back on the street was n't acceptable . he then recruited the help of tampa police officer dan mcdonald . ' i enjoy it because i like a challenge , ' he said . ' we first had to figure out that we needed a consular record of foreign birth or something like that . ' helinski was born in poland , but he is an american citizen , has a driver 's licence and a social security number . then , as they kept digging into his background , helsinki visited a tampa bank branch and discovered an old account . it had n't been touched for years , so social security had built up , and he even had cash . ' at that time , it was landmark bank . then it became bank of america , ' he said . ' i guess i 'm exhilarated , excited , you know . ' helinksi is now looking for permanent accommodation . his search is focused on a small apartment . case manager charles inman ( left ) and tampa bay police officer dan mcdonald were determined to find out more and dug further into helinski 's background . helinski walked into a bank of america branch in tampa bay and discovered an old , forgotten account with enough social security benefits in it to buy a new house . 