not every greek island lets you rent a boat and potter about at will , but skopelos does . it 's the difference between a good holiday and an adventurously good holiday - with some embarrassment thrown in . on day one , after manoeuvring our rented boat into sheltered waters off kastani beach , i cut the throttle and my girlfriend threw out the anchor . splash ! splendidly small : skopelos has a relaxed , offbeat vibe that plays out in the pretty port of chora . as the breeze pushed us back , the short anchor line quickly ran out until the end - then we heard a softer , more ominous splash . we had n't noticed that the end was n't secured . the rope sank fast . oh dear . but our shame was admirably handled by the boat owners , who promptly gave us a second anchor , and assured us they would retrieve the original . this generosity of spirit set the tone for our week on this hilly , pine-forested island . skopelos is known as the film location for mamma mia ! and i had feared there might be endless reminders of the day when meryl streep 's donna found love . i need not have worried . the island lies in the sporades , east of the mainland . with no airport , most people fly to skiathos , followed by an hour 's ferry ride . arriving in skopelos is special . seal of approval : kyle encountered two locals of the bewhiskered variety while sailing around slopelos . it has one of the most scenic ports in greece . wooded hillsides are punctuated with white walls topped by terracotta-tiled roofs . a ruined venetian fortress and dozens of chapels make you feel that this is a spiritual retreat . many of the chapels were built by families as status symbols and are owned and maintained by their descendants , rather than by the greek orthodox church . we opted for a villa . up a steep hill from skopelos town , and along a dirt track ( vehicle needed ) lies villa thea , with its cool stone floors , pool and large terrace . in the evenings , the lights from town twinkle and moonlight shimmers on the water . thalpos holidays boat hire operates out of sheltered panormos beach on the west coast , a 20-minute drive from skopelos town . with guidance from mr thalpos himself , the coastline was ours to explore in a 30hp motorboat . one day , we headed north , anchoring at the pine-fringed neraki beach , which we had to ourselves , as it is only accessible by boat . picnic perfection . the adjacent islet of dasia comprises little more than rocks jutting out of the blue sea , but our appetite for maritime adventures was well rewarded here . watching the whiskered faces of two monk seals rolling lazily in the sea was unforgettable . these shy , endangered marine mammals - once widespread around the mediterranean and beyond - are now limited to small ranges , one of which is close to skopelos . glossa is a smaller town in the north , and its white-washed houses are as authentic as you might wish , with few compromises to mass tourism . we spent an enjoyable evening here before reaching one of the stars of the island , agnanti , a restaurant perched high on a hilltop . owner nikos offers visitors fine traditional seafood as well as slow-cooked pork , and the terrace has some of the most spectacular views on the island . we were tempted to exclaim : ' mamma mia ! ' instead , we wondered how quickly we could return to this gorgeous island . it wo n't be soon enough . seven nights ' self-catering at villa thea ( 020 8459 0777 , www.ionianislandholidays.com ) costs from £496 per person based on six sharing and flights from gatwick or manchester , transfers , car hire and welcome pack . more information on greece at www.visitgreece.gr .