david cameron has admitted boris johnson is aiming to be the next tory leader . david cameron has admitted boris johnson is locked in a behind-the-scenes battle with theresa may and george osborne to take over the tory leadership . the prime minister said the london mayor had ' suddenly realised ' after years of mischief making that his main political rivals were those lining themselves up to take over the top job . he said mr johnson now understood the pair were no longer in ' competition ' . the admission exposes the battle quietly raging behind the scenes over who will take over from mr cameron . it comes just weeks after mr cameron revealed he would stand down as prime minister before 2020 if he wins re-election next month . mr cameron said : ' terms are like shredded wheat : two are wonderful but three might just be too many . ' he named three of his senior colleagues - home secretary theresa may , chancellor george osborne and london mayor boris johnson - as possible replacements as conservative leader when he stands down . speaking to his cousin harry mount in an interview with the sunday times , mr cameron also admits that his membership of the infamous bullingdon club at oxford is ' cripplingly embarrassing ' . mr cameron denied that he and the london mayor have been political rivals for decades . but he admitted that mr johnson had , until recently , seen the pm as his competition . he said : ' he suddenly realised i 'm not really his competition . his competition is people who 'll have a crack at it after me . ' mr cameron said he saw his relationship with the london mayor as 'co-opetition ' . he said : ' i wanted him to stand for london mayor . george and i helped persuade him to do that . and he 's done it brilliantly . ' a conservative is running the most successful city on earth , and is winning elections . ' mr cameron said he remembered the london mayor at eton ' because he was so striking ' . boris johnson has ' suddenly realised ' that david cameron is not his ' competition ' . the prime minister said : ' his competition is people who 'll have a crack at it after me ' . chancellor george osborne , pictured campaigning in brentford this morning , and the home secretary theresa may were named by the prime minister as potential successors . david cameron 's 11-year-old daughter regularly teases him for leaving her in the pub , his wife samantha has revealed . nancy jokes that she will write a memoir about her life as the daughter of a pm . mrs cameron said : ' she 's always , like , ' i 'm on chapter five of daddy , how your life as prime minister 's affected me . chapter two is when you left me in the pub ' . ' mr and mrs cameron were left ' distraught ' after leaving the then 8-year-old in the plough inn in buckinghamshire after a sunday drink in 2008 . the prime minister , meanwhile , has told the sunday times that the family is kept together by his wife . he said : ' i love her as much today as when i first met her ; more . much more . ' mr cameron added : ' it 's easily the best thing that 's happened in my life . i 'm very blessed to have her . she is amazing . ' he said : ' he was dishevelled . i remember watching him play rugby . he was ferocious . built like a second row . ' the prime minister also revealed that he had lost almost half a stone since christmas after going on ' just a little bit ' of a diet . overall he lost ' two kilos ' . mr cameron 's admission that the london mayor is lining up a tilt at the tory leadership comes after mr johnson was accused of 'breath-taking cheek ' after he set out his vision of ' moral purpose ' in business and politics . the london mayor praised the coalition for having kept down unemployment and not returning to the dole queues of 1980s britain . he said the fact that more jobs were being created was ' one of the absolute moral triumphs ' of the government . the comments by mr johnson , who is standing to be a tory mp in a west london constituency , were seen as an attempt to position himself as a future party leader . in 2004 , mr johnson admitted a four-year affair with the journalist petronella wyatt while he was married to his second wife marina , with whom he has four children . five years later he fathered a child by helen macintyre , an unpaid adviser in the london assembly . mr johnson spoke about morality in an interview with the london evening standard , saying he believed wealth creation was there to fund public services such as schools and hospitals . he said : ' i think this country was harrowed by the experience of mass unemployment in the early eighties . ' one of the absolute moral triumphs of this coalition government has been to get us through the worst recession for 50 years without seeing a return to those levels of unemployment . ' but labour 's stephen pound , who is fighting to defend a nearby seat , said : ' i 'm thinking of a sentence with the words pot , kettle and black in it . ' ' it seems that boris 's motto is ' do as i say , not as i do ' . it really is breath-taking cheek . he obviously has a different definition of ' moral ' to most of my constituents . ' 