anzac day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed and fought in gallipoli , but it seems some have found another way to commemorate the special day . from pulling faces to complaining about waking up early for dawn service , tens of thousands of selfies from across the country have emerged on social media to mark the centenary anzac day . many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up but others seemed to think the day was more about how they looked than commemorating others . scroll down for video . one woman uploaded a selfie of herself in a low cut top ( left ) while another misspelt # lessweforget ( right ) . one person wrote a meaningful caption about anzac day but uploaded a bared stomach ( left ) while a clothing store uploaded three women eating anzac cookies with hashtag # leastweforget . some people misspelt hashtags such as # leastweforget , # lessweforget or # letsweforget while others uploaded meaningful captions for the fallen soldiers but their photos have illustrated another story . others pouted or posed with their tongues sticking out at the cameras with their friends while people posted inappropriate or disrespectful captions . one person wrote in their caption : ' today is a day of reflection . i reflected what so many sacrifice for our country at dawn service ' but their photograph showed their half bared stomach lying on a beach . one man got suited up for the anzac day races but unfortunately his hashtag says # letsweforget while a woman took a full mirror selfie donning just a bikini with random hashtags mingled with anzac day . one woman expressed a tired look after getting up early for dawn service along with hashtag # yawn ( left ) while a man appeared displeased about waking up early for dawn service ( right ) . one woman said she had a father in the army but her picture illustrated something completely different ( left ) while two friends pulled funny and awkward looks inside a crowded bus as they headed to dawn service . posing in front of a mirror , one woman , who wore a low cut top , posted the captions : ' great morning ! 3am wake up for dawn service at the army base ! joys of have [ sic ] a father in the army . ' while another woman posted a full mirror selfie shot of herself with the hasthtag # lestweforget mingled with # shesquats , # bikinibod , # aussiebeachbabe and # realgirlslift . sitting on a crowded bus as they headed towards dawn service , two friends uploaded a selfie of themselves pulling a funny look with the caption : ' officially austrayaaaann ' . two young men uploaded a selfie with a misspelt hashtag # lessweforget ( left ) while one woman mingled her anzac day hashtags such as # shesquats , # bikinibod , # aussiebeachbabe and # realgirlslift ( right ) . two female friends were seen pouting for the cameras ( left ) while another pair were posing with one sticking her tongue out ( right ) . a clothing store in western australia uploaded three women cheekily eating anzac cookies but unfortunately misspelt their hashtag # leastweforget . one man posted a selfie of himself looking what appears to be displeased with the caption : ' going to the dawn service sounded like a nice idea ... until i had to get up . ' several photographs were taken from instagram and shared onto a tumblr page called anzac day selfies where it displayed some of the shocking examples .