barcelona threw away a two-goal lead against sevilla thanks to individual errors by claudio bravo and gerard pique , which leaves them just two points ahead of real madrid at the top of la liga . it was a cruel twist of fate for bravo and pique , both of whom have been outstanding in the second half of the season and the effort on sevilla 's part was momentous . a year ago barcelona travelled to andalusia to face granada and left a beaten side , their title challenge hitting an iceberg . this was not as brutal a blow , but enrique’s team will need to right themselves quickly ahead of a testing fortnight . lionel messi ( left ) celebrates scoring the opening goal with neymar . sevilla : sergio rico , coke , carrico , pareja , tremoulinas , krychowiak , banega , iborra ( mbia 70 ) , aleix vidal , bacca ( gameiro 75 ) , vitolo ( reyes 70 ) . subs not used : david soria , navarro , diogo , d suarez . goals : banega 37 , gameiro 83 . booked : iborra , reyes , mbia , krychowiak , banega . barcelona : bravo , alves , pique , mathieu , alba , busquets , rakitic , iniesta ( pedro 85 ) , messi , suarez , neymar ( xavi 73 ) . subs not used : ter stegen , xavi , pedro , rafinha , mascherano , bartra , adriano . goals : messi 14 , neymar 31 . booked : busquets , pique . ref : juan martinez munuera . goals from lionel messi and neymar looked to have ended sevilla’s amazing 14-month unbeaten home record in la liga , but unai emery’s men showed why they are so hard to beat with a momentous comeback . gerard deulofeu was dropped from sevilla 's squad and denis suarez started on the bench . to be able to leave out two barcelona loanees shows the strength in depth that the coach has . it also shows how sevilla won the europa league last season and why they are aiming to reach the champions league this year . a big part of their european triumph last season was down to their captain ivan rakitic . enough , in fact , that barcelona decided to pluck him from emery 's ranks and give him a bigger stage to shine on . rakitic says he still holds sevilla in his heart , thanks to his four season spell in andalusia . perhaps his history confused him early on , with the croat playing a terrible ball back towards his own box which didn’t cost barcelona , thanks to the referee deciding he was fouled after releasing it . messi curled home a trademark left-footed shot against sevilla . real madrid had already done their part on saturday afternoon , seeing off eibar at the santiago bernabeu and then desperately hoped sevilla would be able to do theirs . something had to give at the ramon sanchez-pizjuan , whether it was sevilla 's streak , or barcelona 's nine-game winning run . it was barcelona who last did the damage here in february 2014 , but they could not do it again . jordi alba , sergio busquets and neymar were brought back into the barcelona side after missing wednesday 's win against almeria , through injury , suspension and rotation respectively . the latter had a point to prove after a run of fruitless games , where he’s been more likely to cause a fight than score a goal . that wasn’t the case here . neymar hit a beautifully struck free-kick from the left , to double barcelona’s lead after half-an-hour . messi had opened the scoring , with a goal similar to his strike in mid-week . neymar fed the ball into the argentine on the right-hand side of the box , who took a touch to work some space and then curled the ball sweetly around the outstretched arm of sergio rico and into the top left corner . the argentine forward took his season 's tally to 34 goals in la liga . sevilla are good opponents for messi , who has scored more goals against them than any other side , bar atletico madrid . and it was sevilla he hit a hat-trick against at the camp nou earlier this season , the game where he overtook telmo zarra’s all-time record of 251 goals . when the big games have come around this season , barcelona have brought their big game . dani alves , for example , has not had a good season , but when the chips are down he’s dug deep . this could be the last time he plays against sevilla , his former side , and he evoked memories of his former self , charging up the right but getting back when needed as well . however , sevilla got themselves back in the game before the break with a long-range drive from ever banega , the argentine midfielder who has been reinvigorated under emery’s watchful eye . netmar doubled barcelona 's lead with a curling free kick into the top corner . on a day of goalkeeping errors in spain you suspected it would be third-choice sevilla stopper sergio rico adding to the list , rather than barcelona’s claudio bravo , but that was not the case . the latter is on course to beat thibaut courtois’ zamora trophy winning 20 clean sheets from last season , with 17 so far , but could not add to his tally here . bravo got a hand to banega’s strike but only succeeded in tipping it in off the post , rather than around it . barcelona had chances to extend their lead , with messi seeing a free kick tipped over , and luis suarez culpable of missing two huge opportunities . he blazed both over the crossbar , either side of the half-time interval . the first he was off-balance for and the angle was tricky , but the second was a golden chance . andres iniesta saw his shot saved by rico , but suarez couldn’t find the empty net with the rebound . but the catalan side weren’t creating chances at will ; this was hard work against durable , cunning opponents . krychowiak made a quite phenomenal tackle on messi which typified the sprit sevilla showed both in this encounter and throughout the season . with the no 10 running at sevilla 's defence , the pole fought back , eventually committing himself to a sliding challenge , from which he emerged with the ball , and started a break . luis suarez ( left ) shoots past sevilla midfielder daniel carrico . carlos bacca – cristiano ronaldo , messi and neymar aside , la liga’s most proflific forward this season – went close when he whistled a strike over the top of bravo’s goal , while gerard pique and sergio busquets were both booked for stopping lightning-quick attacks . it wasn’t enough . emery undid barcelona with three substitutions , all of which paid dividends . jose antonio reyes played a big part in the equaliser , which was converted by another substitute , kevin gameiro . gerard pique gave the ball away and reyes combined with vitolo , before gameiro side-footed home a low , scuttled cross at the far post , to ignite the stadium . what makes things worse for barcelona is that this game is just the start of a brutal fortnight . enrique’s side travel to paris to play psg on wednesday , before hosting high-flying valencia on saturday . then it’s psg again three days later , before a catalan derby at espanyol . by that time , they may even be playing catch-up . one crumb of comfort for enrique though . real madrid still have to come to the ramon sanchez pizjuan and to a man , barcelona’s side will testify to the difficulty of emerging with three points . neymar is challenged by sevilla 's grzegorz krychowiak ( right ) and victor machin . messi , right , skips past the challenge of sevilla 's grzegorz krychowiak .