a mother who is accused of killing her children and then stuffing their bodies in a freezer was removed from court after confronting the father during a parental rights termination hearing . mitchelle blair , 35 , from michigan , is charged with with felony murder , premeditated murder and torture . court officers carrying out a march 24 eviction at the family 's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old stoni ann blair and 9-year-old stephen gage berry . blair used an expletive wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed . blair also said alexander dorsey was ' never there ' for his children . scroll down for video . a mother who is accused of killing her children and then stuffing their bodies in a freezer was removed from court on wednesday after she started shouting about her one of their father 's had not helped her enough . during the parental rights termination hearing at lincoln hall of justice in detroit , mich. , blair yelled at alex dorsey , father of one of the children found dead in the detroit home ( both pictured ) . mitchelle blair looks at alex dorsey , father of one of the children found dead in a freezer of her home . dorsey is the father of blair 's 17-year-old daughter and was the father of 13-year-old stoni blair who was found dead in a freezer . dorsey , did not respond to her yelling and sat with his hands clasped and stared silently ahead . ' how many birthdays did you miss ? ' blair said . ' never . never . you understand what i 'm saying . ' she was removed from the court when she failed to stop shouting , although she returned silently 13 minutes later , reports the detroit free press . state officials are seeking to terminate blair 's parental rights to her other two children , as well as the parental rights of her children 's fathers . blair 's two surviving children have been placed into a relative 's care . steven berry , the father of deceased stephen and blair 's eight-year-old son , only turned up at towards the end . both fathers owe thousands of dollars in child support , according to a court document . wayne county circuit judge edward joseph required supervised visitation for the fathers , denying a request from attorneys for unsupervised visits with their children because previously each of them had only had visit with their child . judge edward j. joseph presides over a parental rights termination hearing for mitchell blair in court . detroit free press reported that after the hearing , berry declined to comment . dorsey said blair had always wanted to see his children and tried to develop a relationship , but blair would not let him . ' i do n't hate her , ' he said . ' she 's the mother of my children . ' blair initially was charged with child abuse , but more charges had been expected after autopsies revealed the siblings were beaten to death . investigators believe stephen died in august 2012 and stoni died the following may . in a court filing , the state said her daughter described a home where she and her surviving brother were beaten with an extension cord and piece of wood and hit and burned with a hot curling iron . medical exams revealed evidence of abuse , including numerous scars , on the surviving children . twenty-five scars were found on the boy 's back that were consistent with being hit by an extension cord , according to a petition obtained by the detroit news . blair 's teenage daughter also described how her siblings were killed , according to court papers . ' blair tortured stephen for approximately two weeks prior to his death by tying a belt around his neck , throwing hot water on him while in the shower and putting a plastic bag over his head , ' the state said , quoting the 17-year-old . stephen was ' unresponsive ' on aug 30 , 2012 , and blair wrapped his body in bed linen and put him in the freezer , the state said . nine months later , blair became ' enraged ' when stoni said she did n't like her surviving siblings and strangled the girl with a t-shirt and suffocated her with a plastic bag , the department said . blair then made the teen ' put stoni in the deep freezer following her death , ' the agency said . the bodies of the children were discovered on tuesday while court officers were serving an eviction notice . blair 's daughter , stoni ( left ) and son stephen ( right ) . stoni 's sister claimed blair killed stoni by strangling her with a t-shirt and suffocated her with a plastic bag . blair initially was charged with child abuse , but more charges had been expected after autopsies revealed the siblings were beaten to death . court officers serving an eviction notice at blair 's home ( pictured ) opened the freezer and found the bodies of her daughter stoni ann blair and her son stephen gage berry . the apartment was reportedly filled with food and trash and rendered almost ' unlivable ' , according to the report . blair 's eight-year-old boy also was aware that his sister and brother were killed and subsequently placed in the freezer , the department said . while being questioned , blair told investigators she placed stephen ' in a boiling hot tub of water until his feet blistered ' because she found out stephen was allegedly sexually assaulting a relative , according to the detroit news . blair also told police that when he died , she wrapped him ' in his favorite blanket ' and put him in the freezer , the police report states . the surviving children did not mention sexual abuse when they were interviewed by counselors , according to a juvenile court petition . 