the fbi has cleared the tulsa county sheriff’s department in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man by a volunteer deputy earlier this month . sheriff stanley glanz said in a press conference on monday that the special fbi agent in charge of the state of oklahoma , jim finch , had informed him of the investigation 's results earlier that morning . ' he told me the fbi has completed their investigation and they found no wrongdoing at the sheriff 's office , ' said glanz , who also said there were no civil rights violations in the incident . scroll down for video . sheriff stanley glanz told a press conference on monday that the fbi had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting of eric harris by reserve deputy robert bates on april 2 . robert bates , a 73-year-old reserve deputy , says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot eric harris while attempting to help other deputies take harris into custody . he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the april 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted . on monday glanz said he did n't believe reports that bates ' training records were falsified and he claimed the volunteer 73-year-old insurance executive had been properly trained . but the sheriff stopped short of saying bates was qualified to use the gun he used when he killed harris earlier this month . ' mr . bates has been to the range several times and is qualified and that is documented , ' the sheriff said . when asked if bates was trained on the specific gun he fired at harris , glanz said : ' that is something we 're still looking at and it will be part of the administrative review . ' harris ' family has questioned whether bates was adequately trained . the tulsa world newspaper , citing unnamed sources , has reported some of bates ' supervisors were told to certify him after he failed to meet some qualifications . bates has disputed those reports . his attorneys released some of his training records over the weekend , including certificates showing what training he received , job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 . robert bates has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the april 2 death of eric harris and faces four years in prison if convicted . glanz also said monday that action will be taken against two deputies at the scene , including one caught on video cursing at harris as he lay dying . the sheriff said both have received threats and have been reassigned for their own safety . ' through our administrative process we will review what those officers did and will take some administrative action , ' the sheriff said , but did n't provide specifics . he said nine officers were involved with the sting , and that two officers had pinned down bates when the shot was fired . the sheriff said on monday that bates had been his insurance agent and that they 'd known each other for about 25 years . he said they met when glanz 's oldest son was in high school and got into a car accident . bates served as glanz 's re-election campaign manager in 2012 and has donated cars and equipment to the sheriff 's office . shot dead : eric harris , who is pictured with his son aidan , was killed in the incident on april 2 . sheriff glanz said he had no plans to resign and that his office 's reserve deputy program meets national standards set by the commission on accreditation for law enforcement agencies . a harris family attorney is scheduled to speak on monday afternoon to address bates ' training records . monday 's news conference followed the release on saturday of official records detailing bates ' training and certification . the records included certificates showing what training he received , job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 . bates ' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records bates , of tulsa , copied and kept for himself . although there are time gaps in the documents provided , some of the records seemed to indicate bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses . ' for the first time today , we feel like someone 's starting to look at the other side of this as far as his qualifications , ' scott wood , an attorney for bates , said after the documents were released . sheriff glanz said he does n't believe reports that bates ' training records were falsified and that he has in intention of resigning over the incident . bates spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the today show on friday , where he was flanked by his lawyer and family members . he also took the opportunity to apologize to the family of the man he killed . ' first and foremost let me apologize to the family of eric harris , ' he said as he became emotional . ' i rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that i regret ... i still ca n't believe it happened . ' the interview comes just days after bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter . he was released after posting a $ 25,000 bond . on the today show , he recalled how he had been in his car several blocks away when harris , 44 , ran towards him amid a botched undercover gun-sale operation . video of the incident shows bates chasing after the man . in an attempt to subdue him , bates went to grab his taser , but was unaware he had actually pulled out his gun instead . in the video , bates can be heard shouting ' taser ! taser ! ' when the gunshot goes off , he says : ' i shot him . i 'm sorry . ' apology : robert bates became emotional as he apologized to the family of the man he shot dead during a botched sting operation on april 2 . the reserve deputy appeared on the today show on friday . mix up : while on the today show , he showed where he keeps his taser ( left ) compared to where he keeps his gun ( right ) . he said that there have previously been cases of officers confusing the position of the two . the fatally-wounded man can be heard daying : ' oh my god , he shot me ! he shot me ! he shot me , man ' before adding : ' oh , my god . i 'm losing my breath ! ' on the today show , bates said he was immediately hit by shock when the gun went off . ' oh my god , what has happened ? ' he recalled thinking . ' this was not an intentional thing . i had no desire to ever take anyone 's life . ' he said that the shock remains with him and he is unable to sleep or concentrate . bates also stood up and demonstrated where he keeps his taser on his body - slightly below his chest - compared to where he keeps his gun - on his lower right-hand side near his pants pocket . today show host matt lauer asked him how he could make the mistake , when the two pieces of equipment are kept so far away from each other on the body . ' this has happened a number of times around the country , i have read about it in the past , ' bates responded . shooting : this photo shows a deputy bending down to pick up bates 's dropped gun following the accidental shooting in tulsa earlier this month . harris is being held down on the ground , out of shot , by other deputies . terrified : the fatally-wounded man , who is being held by his neck and back by the deputies ( pictured ) , says : ' oh my god , he shot me ! he shot me ! he shot me , man . ' he then adds : ' oh , my god . i 'm losing my breath ' . ' i thought to myself after reading several cases , ' i do n't understand how this can happen ' . you must believe me - it can happen to anyone . ' the interview follows reports that bates , a millionaire insurance broker , had been allowed to ' play cop ' after he donated pricey equipment to the department - a claim he called ' unbelievably unfair ' . bates , who is among several well-to-do tulsa residents who moonlight as reserve deputies , has purchased five vehicles for the police force . the tulsa county volunteer deputy disputed earlier this week a tulsa world report that sheriff 's office supervisors were ordered to falsify his training records . the world said at least three of bates ' supervisors were transferred for refusing to go along with the requests , and said it consulted multiple sources who spoke on condition of anonymity , but it gave no indication how those sources were familiar with the situation . ' i want to do everything i can to make sure that people know that this allegation of falsified records is not true , ' wood said . confusion : an image shows a taser and a handgun similar to the weapons bates was carrying . he mistakenly thought he was holding a taser , not his handgun , when he fatally shot eric harris . his lawyer added that the report was largely based on claims made by a man who was terminated from the department seven years ago , at which point bates had only been there a few months . bates is classified by the tulsa county sheriff 's office as an ' advanced reserve ' . this means that he went through 480 hours training of the ' field training officer ' or fto . in his statement to investigators , bates said he had previously attended a five-day homicide school in dallas and also received ' active shooter response training ' with the maricopa county sheriff 's office in arizona . he also claims to have been involved in ' at least 100 other ' assignments . but the sources who spoke to tulsa world claimed that the reserve deputy was not properly trained to be an armed deputy , despite sheriff stanley glanz saying otherwise . indeed , sheriff glanz and bates ' own legal team have repeatedly produced records which they claim prove he was an ' advanced reserve ' and had undergone 480 hours training . however , when asked to produced proof that bates was certified to use three weapons , including the revolver he fired at harris , the sheriff 's office say they have been unable to find the paperwork . 