fancy bonding with a brazilian , romancing a roman , puckering up to a parisian or seducing a swede ? a dating website is offering one lucky person the chance to scour the world for love , all without paying a penny . match.com is seeking an outgoing , media-savvy person with a passion for travelling and meeting new people to hop around the globe and go on dates with locals . scroll down for video . the chosen candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer . to coincide with the dating site 's 20th anniversary , applications seeking a ' date explorer ' to help it revolutionise the british dating scene . the lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops at five different destinations : new york , rio de janeiro , rome , stockholm and paris . in each city they will sample the local dating scene and unearth the pearls of wisdom that could help turn britons into better daters . the lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in new york and four other cities . the chosen candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer - from samba dancing in brazil and swedish saunas to coffee near rome 's trevi fountain and strolling hand in hand along the champs-elysees in paris . the trip will last for six weeks and take place during june and july , with all hotel and travel costs covered . it will also include a generous expenses budget to ensure they can go on as many dates as possible without breaking the bank . the lucky winner could be romancing a roman near the sparkling waters of the trevi fountain . a spokesperson for match.com said the website is hoping ‘ the chosen date explorer and their followers will be inspired by the savvy , no-nonsense approach of new yorkers , the passion of romans , and the parisians’ ability to confidently charm their date ' . as part of the application process candidates are asked to describe their best and worst dates and why they should be chosen for this adventure . the deadline to enter the competition is april 30 .