first blood to united after their under 18s saw off city 1-0 in the 'mini-derby ' . kits aside , this was probably as far removed from sunday 's big match as you could imagine . for a start , no less than 13 out of the 22 players on show at kick-off were english . of those , 10 were mancunian . callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a delightful free-kick . ticket prices ? entry was free and close to 1,000 gathered on the seats and terraces of moss lane for a match that kicked off at 3pm on saturday with half-and-half scarves nowhere to be seen . altrincham 's compact 6,000-capacity home may not be old trafford , but it does have a proud history of its own . it was certainly a grander stage than a windswept saturday morning on an outfield at united 's carrington complex , where paul mcguinness 's under 18s usually ply their trade . the young reds coach wanted to make the experience closer to what his tyros could expect should they make the step up to the seniors . and his side lined up with three at the back and supporting wingbacks in a formation seen more than once this season in the first team . in an even first-half the impressive marcus wood , from just down the road in sale , came closest for city with an audacious chip . united manager paul mcguinness saw his side claim victory in the ' mini derby ' . for the home side towering centre-forward marcus rashford , another local lad from whom big things are expected , wasted two decent opportunities when put through . just before the hour mark england under 17 star callum gribbin made and scored the first . in march , the nifty-footed attacking midfielder went viral when united tweeted a clip of him showing outrageous skills to trick four aston villa players . he was at it again here , showing nifty footwork on the edge of the box and drawing a foul . after dusting himself down gribbin stepped up to curl a delightful free-kick around the wall and beyond blonde joe hart-a-like charlie albinson in the city goal . moments later it was almost two when full-back cameron borthwick-jackson 's rasping 25-yard drive struck the angle of the crossbar and post . the same man looked to have gotten away with one when he appeared to clip buckley in the box before sub aaron nemane hit the side-netting as the visitors looked for an equaliser . dutch winger javairo dilrosun curled a free kick onto the roof of the net in stoppage time for city but that was all she wrote . the result leaves united , who have won two of this year 's cross-town clashes , two points behind leaders middlesbrough with a game in hand . injury-ravaged city however , have now lost both matches in the barclays under 18s premier league end-of-season play-off series . fa chief greg dyke recently bemoaned the lack of first-team opportunities for homegrown talent between the ages of 18 and 21 . on the evidence of this entertaining 90 minutes high on skill and commitment , there are talents on both sides that may well deserve their chance in the on the evidence of this entertaining 90 minutes high on skill and commitment , there are talents on both sides that may well deserve their chance in the coming years .