a video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in europe , the jungfrau . the time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track , which leads from kleine scheidegg to jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively . opening in a tunnel built into a swiss mountain , the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes to race alongside the many skiers . turning a corner , the train moves at a slow and steady pace – the track barely visible from under the snow . two people quickly cross the track in front of the train as it begins picking up speed and passes alongside a ledge that looks down on chalets below . the video then shows the train beginning its descent of the mountain , passing very close to a number of skiers who make their own way to the bottom of the slope . the video opens inside a tunnel build into the swiss mountain as the train makes its way along the 9km long electrified track . turning right the train enters another tunnel and plunges back into darkness before re-emerging next to even more skiers . suddenly the train begins travelling even faster as the banks of snow rise up higher alongside it . like a bobsleigh the train hurtles down the track as the settlement at the bottom of the mountain slowly comes into view . the train emerges into the light and passes very close to a number of skiers who make their own way to the bottom of the slope . the train turns right to enter another tunnel and plunges back into darkness before re-emerging next to even more skiers . skiers on the distant mountain look like ants as the train begins slowing once more and the size of the banks decrease . a number of people can be seen crossing the track ahead as the train pulls into the station . the video concludes with the train finally arriving and making a controlled stop . the video concludes with the train picking up speed and hurtling down the track like a bobsleigh before arriving at the station . the jungfrau railway runs almost entirely within the jungfrau tunnel , built into the eiger and mönch mountains , and contains a total of five stations . the track was opened in 1912 , 16 years after construction began in 1896 . today more than 800,000 people visit the attraction every year .