dover police say a man they believe to be the so-called ' rat burglar ' who cut holes to tunnel into buildings has been arrested in maryland . authorities said in a news release thursday that 49-year-old thomas k. jenkins of capitol heights , maryland , was arrested last month by deputies with the prince george 's county sheriff 's office . ' rat burglar ' : thomas k. jenkins , pictured is accused of robbing 18 dover businesses . from september 2014 to february 2015 , jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in dover , delaware , authorities there said . ' during the investigation it was learned that the prince george’s county sheriff’s department had a series of burglaries that were similar in nature to the eighteen committed in dover , ' the release said . thomas jenkins has been accused by the dover police department of robbing multiple businesses . they are : maple dale country club . manlove auto parts . sovereign properties . morgan properties . u and i builders . amco check cashing . colonial investment . 1st capital mortgage . advantage travel . ancient way massage . tranquil spirit massage/spa . christopher asay massage . morgan communities . vincenzo 's restaurant . happy fortune chinese restaurant . happy 13 liquors . del-one credit union . pizza time . melvin 's auto service . source : dover police department/the news journal . a car was found behind a building where a robbery took place and led deputies in maryland to consider jenkins as a suspect , authorities said . law enforcement later found jenkin 's car and tracked where he went , dover police said . police say jenkins had cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in maryland on march 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled . according to dover police , ' jenkins was found in possession of .45-caliber handgun that was stolen from a business in delaware state police troop 9 jurisdiction . a search of jenkins vehicle revealed an additional .45-caliber handgun stolen from the same business . ' jenkins is being held in maryland and will face 72 charges involving the 18 burglaries in dover when he is returned to delaware . the charges he is facing break down to : four counts of wearing a disguise during the commission of a felony , eighteen counts of third-degree burglary , eighteen counts of possession of burglary tools , fourteen counts of theft under $ 1,500 , and eighteen counts of criminal mischief , two of which are felonies , authorities said . cpl . mark hoffman with the dover police department told the news journal that delaware state police are planning to file charges over a 19th robbery at melvin 's auto service , which reportedly occurred in a part of dover where jurisdiction is held by state police . sharon hutchison , who works at one of the businesses jenkins allegedly robbed , told the newspaper ' he cut through two layers of drywall , studs and insulation . ' the prince george 's county sheriff 's department did not immediately return a request for information on what charges jenkins is facing there .  