the new marvels movie , the avengers : age of ultron , is sure to wow the crowds at the cinema but the exclusive clothing line produced by a little-known brisbane is already lining the owner 's pockets . wade lange and his team living dead clothing , have been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week - so massive has the interest been , that the company 's website has crashed due to the demand from around the world . 'it’s so hard to put a dollar figure on what’s been sold , as it’s only been available for a few days but we’ve seen massive sales , ' mr lange told daily mail australia . with a range of almost 50 garments dedicated to the movie , ranging in price from $ 45 to $ 100 , estimates from industry insiders suggest the coup by the queensland clothes-horse last year to win the lucrative marvels contract , will be worth tens of millions of dollars to the one-time backyard operation . scroll down for videos . the brisbane designer is already raking in millions on the back of hollywood 's blockbuster moving ' the avengers : age of ultron ' . there are almost 50 types of garments to choose from featuring the film motifs . swimwear and t-shirts have been very popular , the release of their new line caused the website to crash . some of the men 's items sold out in minutes when launched this week , including the rainmaker t-shirts pictured here . living dead enterprises has begun producing avengers character garments for women , from bodysuits to leggings and bikinis too . the small brisbane based company beat some of the world 's biggest names to snare the licence from disney 's marvel range . ' the sheer popularity of the marvels characters , particularly in the united states but also asia and europe , means they might be lucky to keep up with demand , ' one envious competitor suggested on thursday . and he would appear to be right on the money . there was an overwhelming response to the announcement of the age of ultron collection , ' mr lange added . ' our loyal customers knew this was coming and with so much world-wide hype surrounding the movie , people were absolutely dying to get their hands on it . ' we thought there would be a lot of excitement around the collection but we were completely blown away by how much there actually was . ' fans of the film series are buying up big to wear the clothing at the early screenings . and the website warns : ' please note any orders made after the 15th of april may not have their orders before the movie release ' . the most popular items have been both the men 's and women 's rainmaker shirts and singlets , at $ 85 each and all but every design is all but sold out . the cheapest item on the page is the bikini - starting at $ 45 , while , at the other end of the price range , the iron buster dress and thunder god equivalent both sell for $ 100 .  fans of the series are buying up big hoping to wear the outfits at early screenings . the most expensive items are the iron man and thor themed dresses at $ 100 . the leggings are $ 70 . the brains behind the operation . wade lange says he 's been run off his feet ever since he started making the marvel based clothing and it is paying huge dividends now . living dead clothing last year beat a who 's who of global clothing manufacturers last year , to ink a deal with marvel comics superheroes . initially they were selling women 's only garments but have now released their men 's range and the . mr lange and his team of 15 , including girlfriend kelly , have already developed a wide range of the hugely popular captain america wear and guardians of the galaxy garments . but the impending release of the movie blockbuster , featuring an all star cast , including robert downey jnr , chris hemsworth , scarlett johannson , mark ruffalo , james spader and samuel l. jackson , will take it to another level . ' this was always going to be a big collection for us but we had no idea just how popular the collection would be with existing customers , ' mr lange added . ' and it 's how many new customers who have found us because of it . captain america , thor , hulk and iron man items have been widely sought-after by the women and men . ' our loyal customers knew this was coming and with so much world-wide hype surrounding the movie , people were absolutely dying to get their hands on it ' wade lange said . avengers lines of clothing mean that the living dead clothing team of two quickly grew to a staff of 15 inside a large all-encompassing warehouse and mr lange admitted that ' we 've gone from working in a small garage to a million dollar company ' . living dead clothing boasts about being a company ' without the excessive price tag and without the rules and 100 % made in australia ' and the men 's line has been a huge success . ' in the hours after the collections release our websites server couldn’t handle the sheer amount of traffic we were getting and went down for a few minutes . ' the growing team of 15 is working over-time . ' this will no doubt be our best selling collection to date with some styles selling out in minutes , ' he added . ' the new men 's line has been an absolutely huge hit and we will be definitely expanding upon this for future collections . ' there has been a huge amount of interest from the us , even more so than normal . 'we’ve had sales from countries all across the globe through and there is a great deal of new fans in europe . ' the pitch to marvel pitted him against some of the biggest names in clothing , keen to get their hands on the lucrative contract with disney . he is convinced it was dedication that got them over the line . ' i have n't had a day off for many months now and we are determined to be successful , ' he told daily mail australia . ' his dedication certainly rubs off on all of us , ' added living dead clothing pr boss taryn watt . ' i started doing it ( making leggings ) on a bit of a whim , i already had a 9-to-5 job , so it was just a bit of extra work in my garage , ' he said . things began to move very quickly , within months the small side business had begun to grow and then the disney deal was on the table . the team of two quickly grew to a staff of 15 inside a large all-encompassing warehouse . ' we 've gone from working in a small garage to a million dollar company , ' he admitted . ''we 've secured this exclusive contract for the marvel characters in stretch-wear and moved into new premises - we are all 100 per cent dedicated to be successful , like him and we work hard for it , ' said ms watt . ' we stood out from the others because we could show we really cared about our customers and they are very loyal to us . ' mr lange knew success was brewing and moved quickly to bring in pr manager , taryn watt . ' marvel , as we all know , brings with it such a massive cult following - some guys have been reading the comics since they were five years old , they will be a must-have item , ' she said . and everything is developed and produced in-house . ' we do not bring anything in from overseas , not one thing , ' ms watt added . ' it 's 100 per cent australian , from the ideas , to the designing , printing , packing and shipping , we do it all . ' 