the first signs of dark matter interacting with a force other than gravity may have been found . until now it was thought that dark matter did not interact with anything other than gravity , earning it its ‘dark’ moniker and making its detection incredibly difficult . but the discovery of a ‘clump’ lagging behind a galaxy suggests that it may not be as oblivious to our universe as we thought . durham university scientists studied a ' clump ' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself . in this hubble image , the lagging clump can be seen on the left of the central cluster . the distribution of dark matter in the cluster is shown with blue contour lines . dark matter is confusing because it interacts with nothing - including itself . this is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe’s mass and having an observable effect on galaxies : without dark matter , our galaxies would ‘ fall apart’ as they spin . aside from gravity , though , dark matter seemed to just pass through the universe without interacting with any other mass , such as humans , planets or stars . now an international team of researchers at durham university has found a clump offset from a galaxy by 5,000 light-years , suggesting that is not the case . when physicists study the dynamics of galaxies and the movement of stars , they are confronted with a mystery . if they only take visible matter into account , their equations do n't add up ; the elements that can be observed are not sufficient to explain the rotation of objects and the existing gravitational forces . there is something missing . from this they deduced there must be an invisible kind of matter that does not interact with light but does , as a whole , interact by means of the gravitational force . called ' dark matter ' , this substance appears to make up 85 per cent of the matter in the known universe . when it comes to the total energy in the universe , though , it 's a different story . astronomers have found that the total mass/energy content of the universe is split in the proportions 68 per cent dark energy , 27 per cent dark matter and 5 per cent ' normal ' matter . dark energy is an unknown force across the whole cosmos that seems to be accelerating the expansion of the universe . so the 85 per cent figure above relates only to the fraction of ' matter ' that is dark . the discovery was made around one of the galaxies in the abell 3827 cluster , 1.3 billion light-years away . here , four galaxies are colliding around the centre of the cluster . the team used the european southern observatory’s ( eso ) very large telescope ( vlt ) in chile , along with images from hubble , to view abell 3827 . the offset is important because it is only possible if dark matter interacts with itself through forces other than gravity . if the particles collide with each other , the friction from the collisions would cause the dark matter to slow down , and fall behind the galaxy . the nature of that interaction is unknown ; it could be caused by well-known effects or some unknown force . all that can be said at this point is that it is not gravity . but dark matter has never before been observed interacting in any way other than through the force of gravity - making the discovery of huge interest . ‘ we used to think that dark matter just sits around , minding its own business , except for its gravitational pull , ’ dr richard massey from durham university said . ‘ but if dark matter were being slowed down during this collision , it could be the first evidence for rich physics in the dark sector - the hidden universe all around us . ’ he added to mailonline : ' this is the first time we 've caught dark matter in the act of doing something interesting . ' once the dark universe around us is allowed to interact at all , the possibilities for what it could get up to are rich and varied . ' this image from the nasa/esa hubble space telescope shows a zoomed out view of the galaxy cluster abell 3827 , 1.3 billion light-years away . the strange blue structures surrounding the central galaxies are gravitationally lensed views of a much more distant galaxy behind the cluster . although dark matter can not be seen , the team could deduce its location using a technique called gravitational lensing . the collision happened to take place directly in front of a much more distant , unrelated source . the mass of dark matter around the colliding galaxies severely distorted space-time , deviating the path of light rays coming from the distant background galaxy - and distorting its image into characteristic arc shapes . our current understanding is that all galaxies exist inside clumps of dark matter , which is how they are able to survive without flinging themselves apart . the team used the european southern observatory’s ( eso ) very large telescope ( vlt ) in chile , pictured , along with images from the hubble space telescope , to make the discovery . ' we know that dark matter exists because of the way that it interacts gravitationally , helping to shape the universe , but we still know embarrassingly little about what dark matter actually is , ' said team member dr liliya williams of the university of minnesota . ' our observation suggests that dark matter might interact with forces other than gravity , meaning we could rule out some key theories about what dark matter might be . ' the researchers note that more investigation will be needed into other effects that could also produce a lag . similar observations of more galaxies , and computer simulations of galaxy collisions will need to be made . this result follows on from recent findings from the team which observed 72 collisions between galaxy clusters and found that dark matter interacts very little with itself . this latest study follows research by the same team last month that found dark matter interacts with itself very little - but the fact that it interacts at all is very exciting , said dr massey . shown is the galaxy cluster macs j0416.1+2403 and its dark matter distribution , shown in blue , based on its gravitational interactions . the new work , however , concerns the motion of individual galaxies , rather than clusters of galaxies . researchers said that the collision between these galaxies could have lasted longer than the collisions observed in the previous study - allowing the effects of even a tiny frictional force to build up over time and create a measurable lag . taken together , the two results bracket the behaviour of dark matter for the first time . dr massey added : ' we are finally homing in on dark matter from above and below - squeezing our knowledge from two directions . '