chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league when it comes to respecting referees , according to official figures . the data , compiled by football association fair play delegates who attend every top-flight match and assess team behaviour towards match officials , show jose mourinho 's team are the most likely to protest decisions . they have faced criticism for surrounding referees this season , while mourinho 's back room staff are rated second-worst for their behaviour on the touchline . chelsea players protest a decision made by referee roger east during a home match with newcastle united . chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league when it comes to respecting referees . nemanja matic is held back by team-mates kurt zouma and john terry after a red card against burnley . the table is compiled by football association delegates who attend each match and give ratings out of seven . jose mourinho and his back room staff ranked second-worst in the respect assessment . referee phil dowd is surrounded by chelsea players during their match with tottenham . the fair play figures , reported by the daily telegraph , show that liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials , followed by burnley and west brom . sunderland , arsenal and stoke city rank poorly in the assessment , which involve delegates rating each team out of seven for their conduct towards referees and their assistants . premier league guidelines on the practice state : ' a positive attitude , including the acceptance of doubtful decision without protest , will be rewarded with high marks . chelsea captain john terry remonstrates with referee jon moss during a match with everton . chelsea assistant manager rui faria has been criticised for his behaviour on the touchline this season . liverpool shows the greatest respect towards match officials , according to the figures . liverpool players , including philippe coutinho , joe allen , mario balotelli and steven gerrard speak to referee andre marriner during their match with newcastle united at st james ' park last november . manchester united players argue with referee lee mason - they came in the middle of the respect table . ' normal behaviour without any particular positive attitudes or gestures towards match officials is likely to receive a score of six rather than seven . ' managers and their back room staff are assessed on how they react to decisions and whether they intervene to calm down angry players . the overall fair play league is currently headed by west ham . the football association sends delegates to every premier league fixture and they awards points based on six different categories : red and yellow cards awarded , positive play , respect towards opponents , respect towards the referee , behaviour of the team officials and behaviour of the public . it works as follows : red and yellow cards . starting on a maximum possible score of 10 , teams are deducated one point for a yellow card and three points for a red card . there is no minimum score . positive play . a maximum score of 10 is awarded for attractive , attacking football with intent to score more goals , even when in a winning position . points are taken off for defensive tactics , time-wasting and diving . respect towards opponents . teams are given a rating out of seven for their treatment of the other team during the match . this includes adhering to the rules of the game and abiding by the spirit of fair play . respect towards the referee . another mark out of seven is awarded for behaviour towards the officials - including assistants . the guidelines state : ' a positive attitude , including the acceptance of doubtful decisions without protest , will be rewarded with high marks . normal behaviour without any particular positive attitudes or gestures towards match officials is likely to receive a score of 6 rather than 7 . ' behaviour of the team officials . a score out of six is given for the behaviour of team officials , including coaches , towards the referee . the premier league say : ' positive and negative aspects of the team officials’ conduct will be assessed – such as whether they calm down or provoke angry players or fans and how they accept the decisions of the referee . co-operation with the media will also be taken into account . ' behaviour of the public . all teams begin with a score of five points and a maximum of 10 can be awarded if the crowd gets behind the team in an ' acceptable form . ' deductions are made for foul and abusive language , abuse of the officials and aggressive and threatening conduct towards opposing fans . 