the future of andy murray’s coaching arrangement with amelie mauresmo looks shrouded in doubt after he confirmed that they will take a prolonged break from each other after wimbledon . mauresmo , who is expecting a baby in august , will be replaced by swede jonas bjorkman in the lead-up to the us open and quite possibly after that , depending on how she assesses her priorities . the 27-year-old scot , who is in munich for this week’s bmw open and joined in the 100-year celebrations at the iphitos tennis club on monday night , parted company with ivan lendl last year because the czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling . andy murray ( centre ) , tommy haas ( left ) and roberto bautista-agut help to blow out the candles on a cake to celebrate 100 years at the iphitos tennis club in munich , the venue for this week 's bmw open . murray ( left ) and coach jonas bjorkman enjoy the celebrations in munich on monday evening . murray ( left ) arrives at the party alongside german sports manager michael mronz . murray ( right ) poses for a picture alongside wbo super middleweight champion arthur abraham . murray made it clear that if the responsibilities of parenthood prevent mauresmo from fulfilling her 26-week commitment , then their relationship may have to go the same way . ‘ right now amelie does all the major competitions but if she doesn’t want to do loads of time , i don’t find it beneficial if someone just comes in for the major competitions and doesn’t do any of the training , any of the other events , ’ murray said . the plan is for mauresmo to work with him up until wimbledon , although by then she will be in the latter stages of pregnancy . murray originally considered bjorkman as a replacement for lendl so if their current trial works well , it is likely he will take a more significant role than as an assistant to mauresmo . it quickly became clear to murray that the respected swede might be used in an increased capacity after mauresmo told him in february that , eight months after they had formalised their agreement , she was expecting — initially saying she had ‘ something personal’ to tell him . ‘ i thought , “ something personal to tell you ? ” i thought maybe she’s pregnant , ’ murray said . ‘ she normally goes to the gym all the time but she didn’t train once through australia . when she told me , it was a bit of a surprise . but because she’d pre-warned me i kind of expected it a little bit . ’ murray and mauresmo look likely to part ways when his coach gives birth later on in the year . jonas bjorkmann ( left ) will work with murray until the end of the us open and then maybe longer . mauresmo is not in munich this week for murray’s first tournament on the clay since he got married . so far everything with bjorkman has been satisfactory and he joined them in barcelona last week at a training camp . ‘he’s easy going but as a player he was mentally very strong and had a great work ethic , ’ murray said . ‘ i see him as being a good fit personality-wise but you don’t really get the whole package until you’re playing matches and there’s a bit more pressure and stress . i wouldn’t imagine it would be too much of a problem for him . ’ although wearing a wedding ring , murray will be taking it off when he plays . ‘ i can’t play with it holding the racket because it gives me blisters , ’ he said . after munich , murray is playing masters level events in madrid and rome before heading to the french open in paris . murray trains ahead of the bmw open in munich where he looks to pick up some wins on clay . 