a football fan is facing a three-year ban after running topless onto a pitch and performing a series of somersaults during his first ever game at the stadium . charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading 's madejski stadium during the team 's fa cup quarter final replay with bradford city last month . the reading supporter , whose team were 3-0 up at the time , did four front flips on the pitch , landing on his back each time , before being tackled by stewards . charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading 's madejski stadium during their quarter final replay with bradford city last month ( pictured ) . the reading supporter , whose team were 3-0 up at the time , did four front flips on the pitch , landing on his back each time . sumner - who said going to his first game was a ' brilliant experience - is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt . the order , due to be decided on april 30 , would stop him going to all reading 's future home and away matches . today , sumner , from wokingham , berkshire , said he has no regrets about the incident , saying that he had done it for ' laugh ' and that his family had ' seen the funny side ' . speaking outside court , he said : ' after doing it and seeing good comments and messages , even from the away fans , i do n't look back and regret it . ' obviously i would n't inform other people to do it . it was just spur of the moment . it 's good to see good feedback and not negative feedback . ' i 'd had a few drinks , i was happy and reading were winning and i just went for it and had a laugh . it was brilliant . ' asked whether he goes to many reading matches , he added : ' that was my first game actually . it was a good experience . obviously being there on the first game - not after what i 've done , but standing in the stadium , watching the game from the stadium - it 's a brilliant experience . ' obviously with the ban , i would n't be able to experience that experience again . ' charlie sumner , pictured outside reading magistrates ' court today . he is facing a potential banning order . after running onto the pitch , sumner was tackled by stewards . the footage of sumner 's antics went viral . the incident took place on march 16 , when the match was being broadcast live to millions of viewers on bbc one . afterwards , footage of sumner 's antics also went viral on the internet . sumner , who went to the match with a group of eight friends , said he talked with his friends in a taxi on the way to the match about potentially running on to the pitch . ' i did say no at first . then reading were winning and i got a bit excited , ' he said . ' i went to rave on friday and there 's another video on facebook and i 'm doing flips there . i 've had a few selfies , a few drinks bought for me . ' sumner said he spoke to friends on the way to the stadium about carrying out the stunt . he said he had no regrets and that his family had seen ' the funny side ' . but sumner , who works as a dry liner fixing ceilings , said he thought a potential football banning order ' seemed a bit much . ' ' i do n't want a three year ban because obviously it 's quite a bit , ' he said . ' i 'm not encouraging people do it and if i go to another game , i 'm not going to do it again . ' at today 's hearing , sumner 's solicitor entered a guilty plea on his client 's behalf to one count of going on to a playing area at a football match under the football offences act 1991 . sumner , who was at court but missed his hearing after leaving the building briefly , was released on bail with conditions that he does not attend reading 's home or away matches . he will appear at reading magistrates ' court on april 30 when a decision will be made on whether he receives a football banning order .