liverpool defender kolo toure insists a ' sad ' steven gerrard will deal with the reality of being denied a fairytale fa cup final farewell . the former ivory coast international said the team was probably more disappointed at not being able to deliver a trophy for fans , who this season had seen their side fail to progress out of the champions league group stage and lose to chelsea in the last four of the capital one cup . a 2-1 defeat to aston villa at wembley ended the club 's last hope of silverware and meant gerrard would not be given a perfect send off ahead of his summer move to los angeles galaxy with a cup final appearance on his 35th birthday on what would have been his very last for his boyhood club . kolo toure ( left ) admitted steven gerrard was ' sad ' after the loss but he also felt sorry for liverpool 's fans . ' you feel bad . it is always difficult when you lose a semi-final like that , ' toure told press association sport . ' the defeat is the thing . of course we wanted to do very well for the last game of stevie for the club but at the end of the day , we wanted to do it for the fans because this club deserves to have a trophy . ' he ( gerrard ) is fine . of course he is sad , like all the dressing room , but he has been in this game for a long time and he knows how to deal with these situations . ' gerrard was able to start the match after an injury to lucas leiva in training , which denied liverpool some much-needed control in midfield . the former england captain looks dejected after the final whistle and his hopes of a final trophy ended . however , toure insisted they should have had the ability to cope without their only genuine defensive midfielder . ' lucas is a great player but we had players who could do the job , ' he added . ' collectively we were not very good . villa really fought and gave everything to win the game . ' as a result , brendan rodgers became the first liverpool manager since the 1950s not to win a trophy in his first three years . gerrard did n't get his fairytale ending at wembley as he leaves the club at the end of the season for la galaxy . with the club 's champions league qualification hopes looking increasingly distant after manchester city 's win over west ham on sunday increased the gap to fourth place to seven points - although liverpool now have a match in hand - the reds boss will find his record coming under more scrutiny over the final six games of the season . the northern irishman insists he and his players will not give up while there is still a mathematical possibility . ' there 's an obligation here to fight to the very end , ' he said . ' we have to fight in every single game now . of course there will be disappointment over the next couple of days but we 're going to have to get ready . ' brendan rodgers became the first manager since the 1950s not to win a trophy in his first three years . despite an impressive run of form since the turn of the year , liverpool have looked ineffective in the big games , with back-to-back defeats to manchester united and arsenal putting a huge dent in their top-four hopes just when it seemed they were about to make the breakthrough , having worked so hard to get within two points of the top-four . ' the start of the season was not so good for various reasons then we picked it up , ' said rodgers . ' we played very well and had great rhythm to our game then we 've had a block of games where the performance level has n't been what we 'd like . ' the team in the last couple of years have shown great energy , attitude and commitment - i thought our energy was low ( against villa ) . the reds boss admitted that aston villa deserved the victory as they progressed to the fa cup final . ' they had a good start to the game and we were too passive in the game . ' we changed the system , got some joy and got in front but we did n't keep the lead long enough . ' in the second half we hoped to play better but we just did n't create enough . ' we needed to change the game to get more thrust going forward but even then the numbers getting forward were n't what we 're normally used to . '