the archbishop of canterbury has hailed the victims of the massacre at a kenyan university earlier this week as martyrs during his easter sunday sermon . speaking at canterbury cathedral today , the most rev justin welby said the 148 mainly christian victims of thursday 's brutal mass-murders were ' witnesses , unwilling , unjustly , wickedly , and they are martyrs in both senses of the word . ' pope francis made similar statements during easter sunday mass at st peter 's square in the vatican , where he also made a nod to the recent agreement between iran and the international community over its nuclear power , calling it a ' step toward a more secure and fraternal world . ' religious holiday : the archbishop of canterbury justin welby delivers his sermon during the easter day service at canterbury cathedral , kent . ' martyrs ' : the most rev justin welby said the nearly 150 victims of the university massacre in kenya were ' witnesses , unwilling , unjustly , wickedly , and they are martyrs in both senses of the word ' . religious leader : pope francis waves before delivering his ' urbi et orbi ' ( to the city and the world ) message , where he prayed for an end to the persecution of christians , from the balcony overlooking st. peter 's square after easter mass . long wait : thousands had gathered in st peter 's square to hear the pope , despite heavy rain and thunderstorms on sunday morning . the archbishop said christians must resist without violence the persecution they suffer and support persecuted communities , with love and goodness and generosity . and he said : ' to witness is to be a martyr . i am told by the coptic bishop in england that the coptic christians murdered in libya last month died proclaiming that jesus christ is lord . they are martyrs , a word that means both one that dies for their faith and one that witnesses to faith . ' there have been so many martyrs in the last year . on maundy thursday , three days ago , around 150 kenyans were killed because of being christian . they are witnesses , unwilling , unjustly , wickedly , and they are martyrs in both senses of the word . ' he added : ' these martyrs too are caught up in the resurrection : their cruel deaths , the brutality of their persecution , their persecution is overcome by christ himself at their side because they share his suffering , at their side because he rose from the dead . ' because of the resurrection of jesus from the dead the cruel are overcome , evil is defeated , martyrs conquer . ' pope francis delivers his easter message from the central loggia of st peters ' basilica after the easter mass . waving to his fans : pope francis greets the crowd from the popemobile after leading easter mass in the vatican . popular pope : dozens of catholics hold up their smartphones and tablets , some grasping ' selfie sticks ' , to get a snap of the pontiff . holy ceremony : pope francis swings an incense burner as he presides over the traditional easter sunday mass in st. peter 's square . waiting for the pope : hundreds of worshipers wait in the rain for pope francis ' arrival to the easter mass in st. peter 's square at the vatican . this is part of pope francis `urbi et orbi ' easter message , which he delivered sunday : ' we ask for peace , above all , for syria and iraq , that the roar of arms may cease and that peaceful relations may be restored among the various groups which make up those beloved countries . may the international community not stand by before the immense humanitarian tragedy unfolding in these countries and the drama of the numerous refugees . ' we pray for peace for all the peoples of the holy land . may the culture of encounter grow between israelis and palestinians and the peace process be resumed , in order to end years of suffering and division . ' we implore peace for libya , that the present absurd bloodshed and all barbarous acts of violence may cease , and that all concerned for the future of the country may work to favor reconciliation and to build a fraternal society respectful of the dignity of the person . for yemen too we express our hope for the growth of a common desire for peace , for the good of the entire people . ' at the same time , in hope we entrust to the merciful lord the framework recently agreed to in lausanne , that it may be a definitive step toward a more secure and fraternal world . we ask the risen lord for the gift of peace for nigeria , south sudan and for the various areas of sudan and the democratic republic of the congo . may constant prayer rise up from all people of goodwill for those who lost their lives - i think in particular of the young people who were killed last thursday at garissa university college in kenya - , for all who have been kidnapped , and for those forced to abandon their homes and their dear ones . earlier today , thousands of worshippers braved thunder and rain to see pope francis lead easter sunday mass in st. peter 's square , the vatican this morning . the iconic square had turned into a sea of umbrellas as a large crowd of catholic faithful gathered to see the pope lead the service in the enclave in rome . the pontiff himself was shielded from the pelting rain by a canopy outside st. peter 's basilica , while prelates carried umbrellas in the yellow and white colors of the vatican . following days of warm temperatures and sunshine , rome was lashed by thunderstorms early on sunday , and the faithful wore rain slickers and held umbrellas during mass . afterwards , pope francis delivered a mostly sombre and grim ' urbi et orbi ' ( to the city and the world ) message , where he prayed for an end to the persecution of christians , commemorating the students massacred by islamist militants at garissa university in kenya . ' we ask jesus , the victor over death , to lighten the sufferings of our many brothers and sisters who are persecuted for his name , and of all those who suffer injustice as a result of ongoing conflicts and violence - and there are many , ' he said . the pope spoke from the central balcony of st. peter 's basilica as churches in kenya , where al-shabaab gunmen massacred nearly 150 people , singling out christians for point-blank executions , turned to armed guards to protect their congregations on the most important day of the christian liturgical year . marking the third easter since his election in 2013 , the pope maintained an easter vigil tradition by baptising late entries into the church . ' may constant prayer rise up from all people of goodwill for those who lost their lives - i think in particular of the young people who were killed last thursday at garissa university college in kenya - for all who have been kidnapped , and for those forced to abandon their homes and their dear ones . ' marking the third easter since his election in 2013 , the pontiff prayed for peace in syria , iraq and yemen , sudan , south sudan , the democratic republic of congo and nigeria , where boko haram islamist militants have also targeted christian churches . ' we ask for peace and freedom for the many men and women subject to old and new forms of enslavement on the part of criminal individuals and groups , ' he said . ' peace and liberty for the victims of drug dealers , who are often allied with the powers who ought to defend peace and harmony in the human family . ' and we ask peace for this world subjected to arms dealers , who make their money from the blood of men and women ' he said . the pontiff also made a nod to the recent deal reached in switzerland last week between iran and the international community on a framework for a nuclear accord . ' in hope we entrust to the merciful lord the framework recently agreed to in lausanne , that it may be a definitive step toward a more secure and fraternal world . pope francis blesses the altar during the easter mass in st. peter 's square at the vatican . holy leader : pope francis leads the easter mass in st. peter 's square at the vatican . sea of umbrellas : worshippers covered themselves in every way possible to stay dry in the heavy rain on sunday morning . patient : nuns wait under heavy rain before the easter mass was due to start at st peter 's square early sunday morning . march of the army : a procession of italian soldiers perform ceremonial duties before the easter mass at st peter 's square . all for the pope : many had been waiting since the early hours to see the pope lead mass in the vatican .