anthony joshua believes his ' hunger and determination ' will more than make up for jason gavern 's superior experience when the pair go head to head in newcastle on saturday . joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015 , after he was forced to pull out of a january fight against kevin johnson due to a stress fracture in his back . the london 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts but yet to go past round three , while gavern is walking into the ring for the 50th time in his career . anthony joshua poses at his weigh-in ahead of the fight with jason gavern at the newcastle metro arena . ' at 11 fights he 's probably looking at me like i 'm a raw novice in the professional world , ' joshua told ifl tv . ' he 's got 50 fights and he 's looking at himself like he has so much experience but hunger and determination has got me through a lot of the time . ' i 'm 10 fights in now - double figures . i can definitely say i 'm learning and everything will be second nature on saturday . ' i 'll try not to let the nerves get to me . i 'm going to stay calm . it 's a mental thing . ' sparring has been really good . i 've been sparring with guys who are sharp and i 've been handling business in sparring so i should be good to go on saturday night . ' gavern 's last fight in the uk came in november 2013 , when he lost the prizefighter final to michael sprott - an opponent joshua took just 90 seconds to knock out in november . the british heavyweight is , however , taking nothing for granted this weekend . ' there 's no sparring you can do to prepare for gavern , ' joshua said . ' with 50 fights and so much experience , he 's a very awkward opponent . ' i 've watched his videos and he 's awkward to hit . ' he 's entertaining as well - he can get in your head mentally . ' i 've been out five months so i 'll probably have a bit of ring rust myself while he 'll be sharp so there will be some heavyweight blows and may the best man win . ' joshua and gavern strike a pose as they prepare for their fight on saturday at the newcastle metro arena . the two fighters pose for another photograph in front of the tyne bridge ahead of their match in newcastle . joshua lands a punch on his opponent denis bakhtov during their wbc international heavyweight match . gavern has not had long to prepare for joshua as he was only confirmed on the card a week ago but the 37-year-old american has vowed to put on a show at the metro radio arena . ' boxing is about opportunities and i 'm looking forward to this fight , ' gavern said . ' i saw the odds on facebook of me getting knocked out within 15 seconds , or 20 seconds or 30 seconds - it 's kind of funny . ' it 's the heavyweight division , anthony joshua is here for a reason . he 's a gold medallist for a reason and i 've a lot of respect for him - it 's going to be a lot of fun for the fans . ' gavern lands a punch on james toney ( left ) during the international heavyweight prizefighter match in york . gavern will be competing in his 50th professional bout while joshua will be fighting only his 11th . 