wesley sneijder has apologised after unwittingly launching his knife range in galatasaray colours on the 15th anniversary of two leeds united supporters being stabbed to death in istanbul . leeds fans , kevin speight and christopher loftus , were killed before the uefa cup semi-final first leg against galatasaray in taksim square , istanbul , on april 5 , 2000 . a minute 's silence will be held before leeds and blackburn rovers meet at elland road on saturday , but sneijder tweeted on the morning of the championship match : ' finally my galatasaraysk knife set is now available and can be delivered everywhere . ' galatasaray striker wesley sneijder tweeted this advertisement for his knife range on saturday morning . sneijder launched his knife set online via dutch firm senvi which are available for £22 . sneijder later deleted the tweet and apologised as supporters reacted angrily to the ill-timed endorsement . sneijder : ' very sorry . i did n't know this and deleted our promotion for the merchandise kitchen item . # respect ' . the striker later deleted the tweet and apologised as one fan @ leedsu1ross wrote back : '15 years ago 2 leeds fans went to istanbul to support their team & never returned . rip chris & kev . knives are for cowards . ' sneijder replied : ' very sorry . i did n't know this and deleted our promotion for the merchandise kitchen item . # respect . ' turkish supporter ali umit demir was jailed for 15 years for the deaths of loftus and speight , while four other men were sent to prison for their part in the attack . a leeds spokesman said : ' it would be disappointing to see this on any day but especially this weekend when we have a number of tributes planned out of respect for the fans who went to watch their team and never came home . ' as well as the minute 's silence , fans are planning to hold photographs of loftus and speight to mark the 15th anniversary since their deaths . this video grab shows one leeds fan being led away by turkish police in istanbul on april 5 , 2000 . another fan is led away on the controversial night ahead of the 2000 uefa cup semi-final first leg in istanbul . these daily mail front pages from april 6 ( left ) and april 7 ( right ) show how we reacted to the horrible news . fans mark the 15th anniversary of the death of the two fans who were murdered . leeds fans hold up pictures of kevin speight and christopher loftus on the 15th anniversary of their death . 