arsene wenger rejoiced when didier drogba left chelsea for shanghai shenhua in 2012 , with the ivorian striker departing england with a formidable scoring record of 13 goals in 14 games against arsenal . ' i don’t know how much chelsea miss him but we do n't miss him , ' wenger said of the man who averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against his team . ' he did a lot of damage against us in every game . ' but he might have celebrated too soon . didier drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for chelsea against arsenal , averaging one every 78 minutes . drogba 's first goals against came in the 2005 community shield , scoring both as chelsea beat arsenal 2-1 . three weeks later , drogba scored again against arsenal , this time securing a 1-0 win in the premier league . drogba ( right ) scored both goals as chelsea came from behind against arsenal to win the league cup 2-1 . drogba ( right ) beat philippe senderos to head in chelsea 's second goal and secure the league cup . now back at chelsea , drogba is expected to overcome a knock and return to the emirates on sunday with wenger 's disesteemed foe jose mourinho , looking to increase his overall record of 15 goals in 15 games against arsenal and obliterate the north-london side 's fading hope of catching the stamford bridge outfit at the summit of the premier league . having originally signed for chelsea in 2004 for a fee of £24million from marseille , drogba took time to forge his redoubtable status against wenger , his first two appearances ending goalless . it was the 2005 community shield when he first put arsenal to the sword , lashing two goals past jens lehmann in a 2-1 victory at the millennium stadium before scoring the decisive goal in a 1-0 victory in the premier league three weeks later . in 2007 , drogba overturned the one-goal advantage arsenal had in the 2007 league cup final through theo walcott with another brace , again in wales . and drogba 's third double against arsenal was in similar circumstances on march 23 , 2008 . bacary sagna gave the gunners the lead before drogba struck twice in nine minutes at stamford bridge . the 2009 fa cup semi-final allowed drogba to break arsenal 's hearts again with silverware in sight , this time at wembley . like the 2007 league cup final , walcott put arsenal ahead but florent malouda equalised before drogba won the cup tie with a goal in the 84th minute . in the next two encounters between the london sides , drogba netted a double in each game to lead chelsea to a 3-0 and 2-0 victory respectively . on october 3 2010 , he opened the scoring as chelsea beat arsenal 2-0 at stamford bridge which was his last goal against arsenal in chelsea colours . drogba ( right ) rounded lukasz fabianksi as to lead chelsea to 2009 fa cup semi-final victory over arsenal . drogba has scored a double five times for chelsea against arsenal , including at the emirates in 2009 . drogba ( second right ) also scored twice against arsenal in the 2-0 victory at stamford bridge in 2010 . drogba ( right ) returned to haunt arsenal with galatasaray , scoring another brace in the emirates cup . drogba ( left ) is a trusted hugely by chelsea manager jose mourinho , who could start him on sunday . but he took his tally top 15 with yet another late brace , this time for galatasaray as drogba led the turkish side to the emirates cup in 2013 , serving wenger a reminder of what he was glad to be missing in the premier league . but drogba is synonymous with mourinho 's chelsea . wenger has not beaten the portuguese manager in 12 attempts and with diego costa and loic remy likely to be unavailable , mourinho is seemingly faced with no choice but to unleash drogba to ensure it 's an unlucky 13th encounter for the arsenal manager .