steven gerrard looked glum at boujis nightclub in kensington after being knocked out of the fa cup on sunday - and his liverpool farewell tour is unlikely to have him breaking into a grin either . the liverpool captain spent the evening in the vip room with friends , knowing full well that defeat by aston villa at wembley confirmed what he had feared all season : he would end his final year at anfield without a trophy . sunday 's loss means there will be no birthday fa cup final for him on may 30 , while chelsea 's victory over manchester united in the barclays premier league made it mathematically impossible for liverpool to catch the league leaders . steven gerrard is seen at boujis nightclub in kensington sunday night after being knocked out of the fa cup . gerrard looked glum after it was confirmed he would end the season without a trophy before moving on . gerrard climbs into a car outside the club in london as his liverpool career winds down to a poor ending . aston villa 's players celebrate their victory at wembley while gerrard reflects on the pitch in defeat . sunday april 25 : west bromwich albion ( a ) . tuesday april 28 : hull city ( a ) . saturday may 2 : queens park rangers ( h ) . sunday may 10 : chelsea ( a ) . saturday may 16 : crystal palace ( h ) . sunday may 24 : stoke city ( a ) . as the curtain comes down on his 17 years in the liverpool first-team , gerrard has just six games left to play in a red shirt with little to play for and a fixture list that seem unlikely to bring his smile back . among the opponents that late april and may bring are four teams in the bottom half of the premier league table : west bromwich albion , hull city , queens park rangers and crystal palace . towards the end of that run , a trip to champions-elect chelsea beckons and then gerrard is set to play his final game in england at the britannia stadium against stoke city on may 24 , a dead-rubber that is unlikely to even be shown on television . while the supporters from the kop will undoubtedly give their champions league-winning captain a huge send off at anfield against palace on may 16 , it does give a sense of anti-climax after one of the finest careers seen in the premier league era . anything but a defeat against arsenal for chelsea would likely see them likely to be confirmed as champions before gerrard comes to stamford bridge , and with a title party ongoing he will be reminded of the one prize that has eluded him throughout his career in england . liverpool 's players , including their captain , were outclassed by villa at wembley and deservedly lost . wembley , where gerrard has captained his country on many occasions , now has a final bad memory for him . liverpool fans show their support for gerrard - his latest anfield appearance is against crystal palace . it will also bring back memories of his slip to let in demba ba at anfield , almost a year ago to the day , a fatal error that robbed the 34-year-old of a maiden title last season . the chance of leading a guard of honour if chelsea seal the league crown against leicester city or crystal palace would rub salt further into the wounds . jose mourinho might have asked the chelsea supporters to stop singing the about gerrard 's unfortunate tumble , but the stamford bridge faithful are unlikely to relent as they take the opportunity to give their two-time transfer target a farewell he wo n't forget - for the wrong reasons . gerrard slipped up in last year 's game against chelsea to gift demba ba a goal and throw away the title . memories of that mistake will be strong in the mind for gerrard is chelsea are celebrating winning the league . england 's failure at the world cup - with gerrard as captain - followed , and he quit the international game . gerrard , jordan henderson and wayne rooney leave the pitch after drawing their final game with costa rica . it has been a difficult final year for gerrard . missing out on last year 's title was followed by captaining england at a winless world cup and now another trophyless year where he has found himself surplus to brendan rodgers ' starting xi at times with jordan henderson and joe allen preferred as options in midfield . the decision to retire from the international game after last summer 's tournament , with a focus on his club career , did n't work out either with liverpool knocked out of all four cups - including at the first possible opportunity in the champions league . and now , a premier league legend bids farewell in a way that does n't seem fitting . there is no big finale like in istanbul or cardiff all those years ago , instead gerrard leaves liverpool and england with a whimper . now , the liverpool captain 's final game is at the britannia stadium - though he did score there last year . april 27 , 2014 : with liverpool seemingly set for the premier league title , gerrard slips to gift chelsea a goal in a 2-0 defeat at anfield to put the initiative back into the hands of eventual champions manchester city . may 5 , 2014 : liverpool squander a 3-0 lead against crystal palace to see their title hopes suffer a further blow that they would not recover from . june 19 , 2014 : having lost their opening game against italy , england are level with uruguay until captain gerrard gives the ball away to allow luis suarez to score a winner . england left the tournament without win . november 4 , 2014 : gerrard is left out of the team that loses 1-0 at the santiago bernabeu against real madrid in the champions league . december 9 , 2014 : the captain scores but liverpool are knocked out of the champions league after a 1-1 draw with basle leaves them on just five points in group b . january 27 , 2015 : liverpool are knocked out of the capital one cup at the semi-final stage after losing 1-0 to chelsea in extra time at stamford bridge , with gerrard unable to inspire a victory . february 26 , 2015 : gerrard misses europa league tie with besiktas through injury and they crash out on penalties in istanbul . march 22 , 2015 : any hopes of qualifying for next season 's champions league for liverpool take a huge blow in a 2-0 defeat by manchester united at anfield . gerrard is left out of the starting xi and comes on as a second half substitute but is sent off just 38 seconds after coming on . april 19 , 2015 : liverpool lose their fa cup semi-final against aston villa to end all hopes of a trophy in gerrard 's final season . may 10 , 2015 : gerrard travels with liverpool to face chelsea , who could have already wrapped up the title , and faces being ridiculed by the stamford bridge crowd . : sto . may 24 , 2015 : seventeen years playing in the premier league end with a trip to face stoke city at the britannia stadium in a game that will likely be of little importance to either side . p.s . along with gerrard and frank lampard , there 's another member of england 's much-maligned ' golden generation ' who is likely to be leaving the premier league in the summer : rio ferdinand . the queens park rangers defender 's farewell season has fallen flat as he spends much of his time sat on the bench at loftus road in their relegation battle . ferdinand struggled from the start of the season at the centre of the rs defence after moving on from years of loyal service at manchester united . the 36-year-old 's final days in england 's top tier are so chilled , that he showed off his ability to watch house of cards on his way into training in the back of his car on monday morning . rio ferdinand posted this picture of himself watching television while on the way into training on monday . 