arsene wenger has told manchester city not to waste their time in trying to sign jack wilshere . the etihad stadium club are interested in wilshere as they look to increase their homegrown quota ahead of next season . but wenger insisted wilshere will not be be leaving the gunners . ' you can imagine my answer , we are not in a position where we have to sell our best players , ' said wenger . jack wilshere , pictured in action for arsenal 's under 21s this week , is being courted by manchester city . the england international was in the stands for arsenal 's premier league win against liverpool . arsenal captain mikel arteta and injury-prone abou diaby are in line to feature against burnley on saturday . wenger has been handed a quadruple fitness boost ahead of saturday 's clash at burnley with wilshere , mathieu debuchy , mikel arteta and abou diaby all available for selection after long-term injuries . but laurent koscielny will face a late fitness test on a groin injury sustained in arsenal 's 4-1 demolition of liverpool . wilshere has been out of action since november following two operations on an ankle injury he suffered in his side 's defeat against manchester united . the 23-year-old faces a raft on in-form players blocking his path back into the first team , and when asked on when he would return to the starting xi , wenger said : ' that depends on the game , on fitness , on availability and the need of the team . mathieu debuchy , who has been out since january , is available for selection for the trip to turf moor . olivier giroud is pictured scoring in arsenal 's 4-1 victory against liverpool at the emirates stadium . the france international is in fine form ; he has scored in six consecutive premier league matches . ' everybody is rated exactly the same and you respect everybody and want everybody to just contribute to the team . ' everybody can have a big impact until the end of the season , jack included . ' every player who does n't play is very frustrated when he can not perform - ( abou ) diaby has been out for a year , ( theo ) walcott has been out for a year . ' wilshere has played many games this year , he was out , but not for as long as walcott or diaby . ' arsenal have moved into second in the premier league following a run seven straight wins . they are seven points adrift of leaders chelsea and host jose mourinho 's men at the emirates later this month . ' they have a difficult schedule , ' said wenger of the league leaders . ' what we can only do is master our own schedule . ' what we want is to go as high as we can until the end of the season , give our best and we are also in the semi-final of the fa cup . we are at an important moment of the premier league season and it is a period where you show your quality by focusing on the next game and maintain the quality . '