greece 's prime minister has had an audience with vladimir putin , amid fears europe will no longer rescue his country 's ailing economy . alexis tsipras met the russian president in moscow yesterday and the pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects . but mr tsipras insisted he had not asked for – or received – financial aid , saying greece is a ' sovereign nation ' and ' not a debt colony ' . meeting : greece 's prime minister met vladimir putin yesterday and struck potential deals over investment in energy and other projects . it was expected mr tsipras ( left ) would ask mr putin ( right ) for a hand-out . greece 's government , the most left-wing ever elected in europe , has been handed a list of reforms it must carry out in return for a new injection of cash from eurozone countries . propped up by some £175billion of aid from europe and the imf since 2010 , greece has not received bailout funds since syriza took power in january , and could run out of money within weeks . it was expected mr tsipras would ask mr putin for a hand-out - despite russia 's economy also suffering deeply under western and us sanctions imposed after the invasion of crimea . but instead the meeting saw a commitment to restore trade between the two countries , which had been significant before both were hit by economic woes . the greek prime minister said , defending his visit : ' greece is a sovereign state with an indisputable right to its own foreign policy . ' greece is not a beggar to go around all the countries asking them to help resolve its financial problems . ' he said he would not be thrown ' off the boat ' by the eurozone , saying : ' we are equal passengers . there is no higher or lower deck . we are not a debt colony , we have the same rights as other countries have . ' moving forward : mr putin ( right , with mr tsipras ) said russia could also provide loans for projects including a gas pipeline via turkey , which was shelved last year as relations between moscow and the eu deteriorated . mr putin said the leaders had discussed ' various ways of co-operating , including major projects in energy ' and said russia ' could provide loans ' for projects including a potential gas pipeline via turkey , which was shelved last year amid deteriorating relations between mr putin and the eu . ' this is not about aid but about financial cooperation in major projects….of course we are interested in pipelines , ports , and airports , as well as energy generation and other resources ' , mr putin said . top of the agenda were restoring greece 's exports of food – such as vegetables and cheese - which stopped after moscow slapped an embargo on them , in response to eu sanctions . mr putin suggested this could be lifted , restore the livelihoods of greek farmers . experts said greece could get a discount on gas – most of which it imports from russia . it is thought mr tsipras intended to ratchet up the pressure on his european creditors particularly germany , to draw him away from mr putin 's sphere of influence . a greek repayment of around £325million is due today . greece claims germany owes them many times this sum in reparations for the nazi invasion for which they were not sufficiently compensated .