the ohio parents of a two-year-old child who authorities say was beaten and starved to death were indicted on aggravated murder charges wednesday . hamilton county 's prosecutor said that the grand jury also indicted andrea bradley , 28 , and glen bates , 32 , on murder and child endangering charges in glenara bates ' death . prosecutor joe deters says the parents , both of cincinnati , could face the death penalty if convicted of all the charges . scroll down for video . facing charges : andrea bradley ( left ) , 28 , and glen bates ( right ) , 32 , have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter last month . innocent : glenara bates was brought to an ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs . deters ' statement says bradley took her baby daughter to a hospital march 29 where the girl was pronounced dead . the child had been badly beaten and had bruises , belt marks and bite marks , he said . the child also had injury to her head and broken teeth , and injuries had been inflicted over an extended period of time . she had over 100 wounds to her body total . according to the prosecutors , at the time of her death glenara weighted only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant . hamilton county coroner lakshmi kode sammarco , who performed the autopsy on glenara , described it as the worst case of starvation she 's ever witnessed in her career . ' there is no doubt in my mind this child was tortured for the majority of her pitifully short life , ' sammarco said . she recalled that it took a team of pathologists more than four hours to document all of the toddler 's numerous injuries and scars . ‘ the abuse this baby suffered is beyond belief , ’ deters said . ' if they [ parents ] get executed , god bless them , i’d like to see it . ' the prosecutor said bradley had seven children and is expecting her eighth child in july . five of the other children — ages 1 , 4 , 5 , 7 and 8 — were living with bradley . glenara had been taken away from the family after being diagnosed with malnutrition , but child services returned the girl to the mother just weeks before her death . deters said that in her final days , the toddler ate and slept in a bathtub filled with feces and blood . ' you would n't treat your dog like this , ' he said , the parents are now in the custody of the hamilton county department of job and family services . none of the other children showed current signs of abuse , deters said . matriarch : bradley had seven children and is expecting her eighth child in july . this image from last july shows the woman pregnant with her youngest child and holding what appears to be a cigarette . five of bradley 's seven children — ages 1 , 4 , 5 , 7 and 8 — were living with the woman at the time of glenara 's death . he said an older child lives with paternal relatives . the indictments come on the same day that child-welfare workers across ohio are promoting awareness and prevention of child abuse and in the wake of a high-profile cincinnati case involving a 3-month-old infant 's decapitation . that child 's mother , deasia watkins , has pleaded not guilty to a charge of aggravated murder . last week , bradley’s sister , desana townsend , told the station wcpo that the 28-year-old mother of eight tortured her daughter . investigators say glenara 's parents dropped her from 6 feet above ground , and her mother then tried to sew her head wound at home with a needle and thread . calling her sibling ' heartless , ' ms townsend said bradley did not deserve to have children . detective eric karaguless said during a preliminary hearing that the couple admitted to the abuse , which lasted more than three weeks . investigators say glenara 's parents dropped her from 6 feet about ground , and her mother then tried to close up her head wound at home with a needle and thread . bradley allegedly told detectives during questioning that she had whipped the toddler with a belt and failed to seek medical help for her after glenara was dropped on her head . the mother of eight has a history of child abuse dating back to 2007 , according to documents . on wednesday , job and family services director moira weir publicly acknowledged that her agency mishandled glenara 's case . ' we can not comment publicly on the specifics of this case , but i will say a preliminary review shows we failed to follow our own policies and procedures in this case , ' she stated .  