computers may soon be able to transmit the complexities of human personalities , the stanford professor who originally set up google 's x laboratory has claimed . sebastian thrun , who founded the google x laboratory where the internet search giant has developed google glass and driverless cars , said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition . but he said that , much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers , the same may soon be true for full personalities . scroll down for video . sebastian thrun ( r ) , the founder of the google x research library , looks on as virtual reality pioneer jaron lanier speaks at a symposium at stanford university in palo alto , california on april 2 , 2015 . ' perhaps we can get to the point where we can outsource our own personal experiences entirely into a computer - and possibly our own personality . ' maybe we 're going to have a demo at some point where the computer runs ' sebastian , '' he told a symposium thursday evening at stanford university . ' it 's maybe unimaginable but it 's not as far off as people think . it 's very doable , ' said the german-born computer scientist , who remains a fellow at google . ' i do believe that in all these technologies we have just scratched the surface . ' almost everything interesting has n't been invented yet , ' he said . other upcoming inventions predicted by thrun include flying cars , computers that are implantable into the human body , and medical treatments that will drastically curb unnatural deaths . thrun was speaking as part of events to mark the premiere of ' the demo , ' an experimental opera about the 1968 data transmission test by scientist doug engelbart that helped pave the way for the creation of the internet . but jaron lanier , a virtual reality pioneer known for his books on the philosophy of computers , doubted that scientists could ascertain how to share personalities . ' you are a moving target , and the way you change yourself in response to the presence of that technology would undo any ability to measure whether it has succeeded , ' he said . the california giant 's patent says that one day a robot personality could replicate the robot 's owner , ' a deceased loved one , ' or ' a celebrity . ' above it atlas , which according to google-owned boston dynamics , is a ' high mobility , humanoid robot designed to negotiate outdoor , rough terrain . according to google owned boston dynamics , atlas is a ' high mobility , humanoid robot designed to negotiate outdoor , rough terrain . ' atlas can walk bipedally leaving the upper limbs free to lift , carry , and manipulate the environment . ' in extremely challenging terrain , atlas is strong and coordinated enough to climb using hands and feet , to pick its way through congested spaces . ' lanier warned that silicon valley puts too much faith in technology 's progress . ' i think we are going to have a real struggle to define ourselves in a humane and sweet way as we go through a lot of changes , ' he said . he warned that technological innovations risked worsening inequality , saying : ' i do n't think the interests of entrepreneurs and everyone else are always aligned . ' he gave the example of egypt , saying that silicon valley was too congratulatory about the role of social media in the 2011 revolution that brought down strongman hosni mubarak . ' when it starts to go wrong , we do n't take responsibility for that . ' there is a way in which we are being a little selective in tallying our victories , ' he said . google has already developed a system to allow robots to download new personalities online . the system would allow machines to download them in a similar way to an app - and even have a different personality for each user . the patent says that the personality could replicate the robot 's owner , ' a deceased loved one , ' or ' a celebrity , ' google 's patent details a cloud-based system where a personality could be downloaded to a robot , in the same way one might download an app . ' the robot personality may also be modifiable within a base personality construct ( i.e. , a default-persona ) to provide states or moods representing transitory conditions of happiness , fear , surprise , perplexion ( e.g. , the woody allen robot ) , thoughtfulness , derision ( e.g. , the rodney dangerfield robot ) , and so forth , ' states the patent . friends will even be able to clone their robots and swap aspects of its personality . ' the personality and state may be shared with other robots so as to clone this robot within another device or devices . ' in this manner , a user may travel to another city , and download within a robot in that city ( another ' skin ' ) the personality and state matching the user 's ' home location ' robot . ' the robot personality thereby becomes transportable or transferable . ' the firm also explains ' this disclosure relates to a robot imbued with a personality , or personalities . google 's patent drawings reveal the system can share personalities and download them . ' in particular , but without limitation , the disclosure provides for a robot that operates with personality attributes and related capabilities drawn from cloud computing capacities . ' personality may be thought of as personification in the sense of human characteristics or qualities attributed to a non-human thing . ' a robot can be programmed to provide a desired look as well as interactability for the robot , which may be subject to change by the user or by the robot itself , such that the robot interface is customized to provide a desired personality for the robot . ' google already owns several firms developing robotic technology , including atlas , 6.2 feet of metal with a plastic body that can walk , run , jump and even open doors . this is latest version of the atlas robot created by boston dynamics , a google-owned robot firm . later this year , seven of the robots will compete in a ' robo oylmpics ' - designed to recreate natural disasters the robots could one day be sent into . the upgraded atlas is 75 percent new—only the lower legs and feet were carried over from the original design . the ' crane ' stance , being held by karate kid daniel larusso ( played by ralph maccio left ) in the 1984 film inspired the latest movements of the atlas robot . it demonstrates strong balancing skills and composure and showcases the agility of the google-owned machine , said the firm . 