the heartbroken mother of becky watts has spoken of her fear of coming face-to-face with anje galsworthy - whose son is accused of the teenager 's murder . tania watts is likely to see her at becky 's funeral , as ms galsworthy was also stepmother to the 16-year-old . speaking to itv today , ms watts spoke of the ' hell ' she has endured since the murder , adding : ' i 'm still in the back of my mind not accepting ... that i 'm not going to see her . ' murdered : the body parts of becky watts , 16 , were found at house in bristol on march 2 and police charged her stepbrother , nathan matthews , 28 , with murder . dreading meeting : becky 's heartbroken mother tani watts said she fears coming face-to-face with anjie galsworthy , ( pictured with becky 's father darren ) whose son is accused of the teenager 's murder . becky , 16 , vanished from her father 's family home in crown hill , bristol , on february 19 , sparking a huge search operation . police discovered her body parts at a house in barton hill , bristol , on march 2 and charged her stepbrother , nathan matthews , 28 , with murder . in an itv interview , ms watts described her daughter as a ' caring , normal , happy , lovely girl ' . she said : ' she made you feel alive . everyone loved her . knowing it 's happened , it 's like you are talking about someone else 's kid . ' you should n't have to bury a child . there are a lot of people on this earth who do n't deserve to be here but becky was not one of them . ' she should be here . ' accused : becky 's stepbrother nathan matthews is set to go on trial for the 16-year-old 's murder . mr matthews is pictured in fancy dress alongside his girlfriend shauna hoare , who is accused of perverting the course of justice by lying to police . becky grew up with her parents - mother ms watts and father darren galsworthy - living in separate homes but often tried to bring them together . ms watts added : ' that was her aim to make sure we all got on and this is why it was so upsetting because she succeeded in that . ' the one person who was so loyal , so caring and loved us all equally has now gone . ' ms watts said her daughter was a regular guest at her home , visiting twice a week or so depending on her busy social life . ' she had some hard times in the past , she was very insecure , unconfident , but she got her confidence back and she got a bit of fight in her , ' she said . ms watts can not comprehend how , nathan matthews , the man accused of her daughter 's murder comes from within the 16 year old 's home - and she is understandably nervous about seeing his mother , ms galsworthy . becky 's family home - where she lived with mr and mrs galsworthy - has been the subject of forensic searches since she was reported missing on february 20 . police launched a huge search operation , which included a social media campaign , using the hashtag ' findbecky ' . anjie and darren galsworthy are pictured speaking in a video appeal one week after the 16-year-old 's disappearance . a house in barton court , bristol , is cordoned off on march 3 after police discovered the body parts of murdered becky . bouquets , teddies and cards have been left at the family home , as well as at barton court where her body parts were found . two online fundraising pages have also raised more than £11,000 , which will pay for becky 's funeral and a foundation in her memory . mr matthews , of warmley , south gloucestershire , appeared at bristol crown court on march 26 , along with five others charged in connection with the death . his girlfriend , shauna hoare , 21 , of cotton mill lane , bristol , is accused of perverting the course of justice by lying to police . jaydene parsons , 23 , james ireland , and karl and donovan demetrius , both 29 , are accused of helping dispose of and conceal becky 's body parts . a plea hearing has been set for august 4 , with a provisional trial date of october 5 . all six defendants have been remanded in custody . becky ( right ) , pictured with her best friend courtney bicker , vanished from her father 's family home in crown hill , bristol , on february 19 , sparking a huge search operation . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .