sick of awkward father-daughter portraits ? well one photographer has found an effective - if a little odd - way of making them more interesting . japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air . in each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose . a series of images by photographer yûki aoyama sees fathers leaping into the air next to their daughters . the images are from the 37-year-old 's latest book which roughly translates into daughter and salary man . according to the photographer 's website the images allow the father who usually has to act serious to express his fun side by being ' a hero jumping the sky , enfold ( ing ) strong excitement and hope . ' salary man may refer to the choice of clothing in the shoot which sees each dad in a sharply dressed suit . the images see the fathers pull energetic poses despite their age with some of the expressions of the older fathers looking slightly pained . very little else is known about the pictures or why they have come into existence but they are already drumming up plenty of interest online for their curious nature . the 37-year-old 's images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates as daughter and salaryman . each image sees the daughter stood po-faced as their father makes an energetic leap . some of the older fathers adopt a pained expression as they make their jump . each photograph sees the daughter wearing casual clothing with her father in a sharp suit . the pictures see the families pose in front of various japanese landmarks . very little is known about the set of photos but they are already drumming up plenty of interest online . some of the jumps are more subtle than others with this father opting for a classic jump . this young girl ca n't help but giggle at her dad 's ambitious leap . this dapper dad adds a peace gesture into his final pose . this father ca n't help but jump for joy in his portrait .  