for any players who have featured for 90 minutes in a match under pasquale marino , the next day at training is dedicated to ‘scarico’ — recovery . try telling that to alexis sanchez . marino was the manager who brought sanchez into udinese’s first team in 2008 after he had been signed from chilean club side cobreloa two years earlier . udinese had italy internationals antonio di natale , simone pepe and fabio quagliarella vying for places up front , but marino knew in sanchez he had a ‘jewel’ on his hands . alexis sanchez has impressed for arsenal this season following his £30million switch from barcelona . pasquale marino , pictured managing pescara in 2013 , brought sanchez into the udinese first team in 2008 . the main problem he encountered , however , was that he could not keep sanchez off the pitch . ‘ alexis could easily play three matches per day , ’ marino , now in charge of vicenza , said . ‘ as soon as the ( training ) match started , alexis used to abandon the scarico and would run up to me , almost imploring : “ mister , let me play , just for a few minutes . please , please , please . i promise i won’t get injured . ” football is an enormous pleasure for him . ’ that hunger earned him two £30million moves , first to barcelona in 2011 and then to arsenal last summer . it is also why sanchez , arsenal’s stand-out player this season , found it so difficult when he was rested for two games by arsene wenger — against aston villa and tottenham — with a sore hamstring . sanchez spent five years with serie a side udinese before earning a move to spanish giants barcelona . sanchez takes on defender miranda during chile 's friendly with brazil at the emirates stadium last week . ‘ putting him on the bench is like taking a toy from a child , ’ marino warned . ‘ there was just one thing that worried me when he joined barcelona — they were full of amazing forwards and it was by no means a given that alexis would be in the starting 11 . ‘ since i know how important it is for him to play , i feared that without regular football he could become discouraged . but he proved he was good enough to become an essential part of the team and fitted into the barca way of playing . ’ big money moves have not sapped any of sanchez’s energy . speak to arsenal players and they describe the same enthusiasm in training , the same refusal to embrace rest days , the same disregard for ‘scarico . ’ sanchez found it difficult when he had to be rested for arsenal 's matches with aston villa and tottenham . they warned him that when the games rained down over the winter it would soon catch up with him , but sanchez , bar that short wenger-enforced break , has not stopped , even if he hasn’t been as prolific as he was in the first half of the season . that is why marino believes sanchez , still only 26 , could elevate himself alongside the planet’s greatest . ‘he’s never looked as strong as he does now , ’ marino said . ‘ personally , i think he could score more than 35 goals a season in any league he plays in . ‘ if he succeeded in doing that , he would be at the same level as two monsters of the modern game : lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo . nowadays only those two , and maybe zlatan ibrahimovic , can claim to be better than alexis . ’ marino believes sanchez is looking strong and capable of scoring 35 goals in any league he 's played in .