dr habeeb latheef is accused of sexually assaulting three women patients during consultations . a married doctor sexually assaulted three female patients while pretending to carry out medical tests , a court heard yesterday . habeeb latheef , 48 , told them he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge their level of feeling . instead the family gp allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip . the patients had booked appointments with the indian-born doctor to deal with back pain and pins and needles . latheef is said to have told the women to turn away from him with their hands behind their backs . he put items in their grip , such as a pen and a key , telling the women this would measure their levels of sensitivity . one of the women suspected he was also using his penis and turned to see him bent over and doing up his zip . the alleged offences came to light in december 2011 when a 37-year-old patient contacted police an hour after her appointment with latheef . the two other allegations from women relate to that year and to 2008 . william hunter , prosecuting , said these two patients at the hendford medical centre in yeovil , somerset , did not contact police because they feared they would not be believed . he told taunton crown court the 37-year-old woman visited latheef with a stiff neck and headache . after a number of tests , latheef suggested he should measure her sensitivity . the married gp was working at the hendford medical centre surgery in yeovil , somerset , pictured . latheef is on trial at taunton crown court , pictured above , accused of carrying out the assaults over a four year period . mr hunter said : ‘ he put a pen in her hand . she felt that . he then put a small key in her hand , she felt that . he then put his finger in her hand . ‘ she was able to easily recognise each item . then he put his penis in her hand . he did this more than once . ' it felt different to all the other items . she knew it was a penis . she was shocked . she asked him what he was putting into her hand . ' as she turned around the defendant was bending over and zipping up his trousers . the defendant said it was his finger . ’ mr hunter said the mother of two was a ‘ mature woman’ and knew exactly what she had felt in her hand . latheef , of yeovil , denies three charges of sexual assault between february 2008 and december 2011 . the trial continues . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .