evidence has emerged of a wartime blunder that resulted in millions of pounds of russian bullion , supposedly bound for america , being lost in the river clyde . the gold and silver bars had been loaded in murmansk onto a former irish sea ferry , converted into a battle cruiser with her superstructure stripped to take part in a dangerous arctic convoy . the bullion was to pay the americans for arms shipped to russia during one of the most crucial stages of the second world war . scroll down for video . the bullion was loaded onto the hms ulster queen ( pictured ) in 1942 and was being transferred to the u.s. as payment for weapons when the case of precious metals was lost overboard . the former ferry , hms ulster queen , arrived in greenock in november 1942 , after 13 days at sea and two ships sunk by german u-boats . but as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat , one slipped and fell into the muddy waters . such a veil of secrecy existed over the whole operation it is not known if it was ever recovered . in fact , the incident has only come to light thanks to a secret diary kept by one of the ulster queen 's engineers , and now revealed by his daughter for the first time in a new book . edinburgh man leonard h. thomas served on the ulster queen on four convoys to and from murmansk and archangel in russia 's extreme northwest . mr thomas had got into the habit of keeping copious notes and sketches during his pre-war role as a crewman on the research ship rrs discovery ii in the southern ocean . he had joined the discovery as a 17-year-old in his native portsmouth . he continued his writings on the convoys - but aware that should any of his diaries be discovered he would be in serious trouble , he wrote in code and secreted them well . before he died in 2000 , aged 88 , he transcribed some of them into four a4 journals , which his daughter , leona thomas , has now edited into a book . edinburgh man leonard h. thomas served on the ulster queen on four convoys to and from russia 's extreme northwest . leona , 61 , a retired school teacher , said yesterday : ' the story about the russian bullion is fascinating . it must be documented somewhere , but i have never been able to find out what happened afterwards . ' according to her father 's notes , there had been ' a peculiar silence all through the ship ' as she was loaded in russia . no one was allowed on deck , no one was allowed along the alleyways forward of the engine room , and no one off the mess decks unless they were on watch . mr thomas recorded : ' no scuttles [ were ] allowed to be opened , but someone got a gleek out and saw mighty big steam locomotives smothered in soldiers , up and down the cleared area of the track , hundreds of them , all with rifles and many with tommy guns . ' our guards lined the deck , we later heard , either side of a small derrick which handled the paravanes [ mine detectors ] . a huge , dark wagon was coaxed , nudged , and jogged until the derrick 's fall was hanging vertically and a rope net was placed on the ground . ' officers approached the wagon and examined locks and bolts [ with ] armed troops literally surrounding it . then began the laborious manual exercise of [ unloading ] what looked like ammunition boxes , which required two men to lift . ' surely this was n't small arms ammunition ! not with our own guards and hundreds of troops watching it loaded into us . it certainly was not . it was bullion ! ' two boxes were enough to load the sling and up they went , deposited on our deck , from where each one was slid and lowered down into the ' b gun ' magazine , never out of sight of at least one officer . ' this was the arrangement so that the millions could be spent in the usa to arm the russians . ' ' then into the wardroom [ went the ] harassed officials , who , we heard , lashed into the whisky `` as if it were free . '' probably , with all that off their hands , they could afford to . ' once back in the clyde , after ' a fast run down the minches ' , calamity was to come , however . mr thomas wrote : ' it was very late when we saw the welcoming but shaded lights of the boom control vessels , hauling left and right to usher us through the widening but regulated aperture , and suddenly the serenity of approaching a hallowed anchorage and being met by a small but important armada and a lighter . ' for the next hour it was cloak-and-dagger stuff again , no one allowed on the upper deck forward of the wardroom or on the working alleyways . we heard that troops and all sorts were organised to receive the bullion from where it had been man-handled onto the upper deck . ' the paravane derrick was reeved [ threaded ] and a wire was taken with snatch blocks to a winch . the first two boxes were slung with a hemp rope-sling . mr thomas , who died in 2000 aged 88 , pictured with his late wife louie in 1996 . ' in the shaded lights were many officials , officers , men in good suits , bayonets , torches , clipboards , tarpaulins , surreptitious smokers , but nary an onlooker . ' our captain anxiously peered over the port wing of the bridge , his nose barely over the canvas dodger , to observe the last rites of the russian bullion . ' and then it happened . the first boxes , two in number , were being hauled toward the lighter , and who knows what happened , but one slipped and fell with a resounding thump and a splash into the clyde . ' i was told on good authority that it was nothing so much as resembling a h. m. bateman cartoon . needless to say , all were to blame according to what was imparted as a result of this shocking affair . ' the rest was capably transferred to a lighter , various bits of paper signed , exchanged , and pocketed , and a tug chuffed up to pull the lighter clear . ' written in the diaries left for his daughter , mr thomas said : ' i was thankful to keep all these years , the actual daily scroll of some of the harrowing times i found myself in , especially the runs in the arctic waters so fraught with danger , both man-made and that of nature . ' leona said of the gold : ' who knows , it may still be there . ' mr thomas wrote in his diary how the crew of the ulster queen had hoped their ship would be chosen to steam straight for america , so they could ' live it up ' for a few days before returning to war-torn europe . in the end , the decision was apparently made to off-load the cargo in the clyde , for eventual transfer to another vessel for the atlantic crossing . the hms ulster queen pictured in her pre-war days as an irish sea ferry . she was later converted into a battle cruiser with her superstructure stripped .