ever noticed how plane seats appear to be getting smaller and smaller ? with increasing numbers of people taking to the skies , some experts are questioning if having such packed out planes is putting passengers at risk . they say that the shrinking space on aeroplanes is not only uncomfortable - it 's putting our health and safety in danger . more than squabbling over the arm rest , shrinking space on planes putting our health and safety in danger ? this week , a u.s consumer advisory group set up by the department of transportation said at a public hearing that while the government is happy to set standards for animals flying on planes , it does n't stipulate a minimum amount of space for humans . ' in a world where animals have more rights to space and food than humans , ' said charlie leocha , consumer representative on the committee . ' it is time that the dot and faa take a stand for humane treatment of passengers . ' but could crowding on planes lead to more serious issues than fighting for space in the overhead lockers , crashing elbows and seat back kicking ? tests conducted by the faa use planes with a 31 inch pitch , a standard which on some airlines has decreased . many economy seats on united airlines have 30 inches of room , while some airlines offer as little as 28 inches . cynthia corbertt , a human factors researcher with the federal aviation administration , that it conducts tests on how quickly passengers can leave a plane . but these tests are conducted using planes with 31 inches between each row of seats , a standard which on some airlines has decreased , reported the detroit news . the distance between two seats from one point on a seat to the same point on the seat behind it is known as the pitch . while most airlines stick to a pitch of 31 inches or above , some fall below this . while united airlines has 30 inches of space , gulf air economy seats have between 29 and 32 inches , air asia offers 29 inches and spirit airlines offers just 28 inches . british airways has a seat pitch of 31 inches , while easyjet has 29 inches , thomson 's short haul seat pitch is 28 inches , and virgin atlantic 's is 30-31 .  