ander herrera has caught the eye in recent weeks after cementing a spot in manchester united 's starting line-up but it appears he does not actually have a clear sight at goal . herrera netted a brace against aston villa on saturday afternoon without actually looking at brad guzan 's goal as his eyes appeared to be shut when making contact with the ball . in fact , six of herrera 's seven goals have been scored without him even having to glimpse at either the ball or the opposition 's net . manchester united star ander herrera scores his side 's opening goal against aston villa with his eyes shut . the spanish midfielder appears to have his eyes closed as he strikes at brad guzan 's goal . aston villa and england midfielder fabian delph attempts to block herrera 's left-footed shot . his eyes were wide open when he struck an impressive first-time shot against yeovil in the third round of the fa cup back in january . however his double against aston villa and his goals against queens park rangers , leicester , preston and swansea all came without manchester united 's summer signing having to make eye contact with the ball . herrera appears to have a history of shooting with his eyes closed as the image of his goal for spain 's under 20 side back in 2009 shows . herrera hits the back of the net while representing spain 's under 20 side against tahiti . the former athletic bilbao joined the red devils for £29million in the summer due to his vision and creativity in midfield . louis van gaal heaped praise on the 25-year-old 's shooting ability after saturday 's premier league encounter at old trafford , by stating : ' he has a very good kicking technique and he should be more composed , ' van gaal said to mutv . ' i said to him ' you have to control the ball before you shoot ' . ' i said that to him again in yesterday 's training session , and then i kissed him at half-time because he had controlled the ball for the first time in his life and then he shot . ' herrera 's eyes were also shut for manchester united 's third goal against aston villa on saturday . his only manchester united goal scored with his eyes wide open came against yeovil town back in january . herrera scored in manchester united 's 4-0 win over queens park rangers without looking at the ball . the former athletic bilbao man flicked the ball past preston 's players without having his eyes on the ball . herrera scored in manchester united 's 2-1 defeat by swansea city at the liberty stadium in february . he also netted in manchester united 's shock 5-3 defeat at the hands of premier league strugglers leicester .