nervous , i was : mark hamill , who played luke skywalker in the original star wars films , said he had some reservations about abrams . mark hamill knew he had to say yes when george lucas told him about the plans to move forward with a new star wars trilogy . ' it 's not like a choice . it 's like i was drafted , ' hamill told a massive crowd saturday night at star wars celebration of his decision to reprise his role as luke skywalker in star wars : the force awakens . ' could you imagine if for some reason i said ' i do n't think i want to do it ? ' i would have all of you surrounding my house like villagers , angry villagers with lightsabers instead of torches , ' joked the 63-year-old star wars veteran . hamill admitted he was caught off guard when lucas invited him to lunch . when hamill 's wife surmised that perhaps there was a new film in the works , hamill laughed . lucas had told him specifically that he was done making star wars movies after the prequels . he assumed lucas was going to announce a 3-d release or roll out another box set of the films , laughing about the number of versions that have been made available . still , his interest was piqued when lucas disinvited hamill 's daughter . he knew that meant it must be big . when things started coming together , hamill said he was cautiously optimistic about j.j. abrams , the chosen director for the force awakens . ' i was a little suspicious because he was a star trek guy , ' said hamill , laughing . the actor quickly clarified that he likes star trek . ' it just seems odd , ' he said . they 're back : hamill is pictured above with carrie fisher , who played princess leia , and anthony daniels , who played c-3po . oldschool : hamill is pictured left with fisher and harrison ford , who plays han solo , in the first star wars film . he went on to compliment abrams for his inclusiveness . abrams , hamill noted , is also the first ' star wars ' director to be borne out of true fandom of the original films . ' he feels the way you feel in terms of wanting practical effects . real sets , ' he said . keeping in line with the secrecy surrounding the force awakens , which opens on december 18 , hamill said he is always worried about leaking information . he claims he even learned the subtitle of the seventh film on the internet . ' they 're so secretive these days , ' said hamill . ' when we did the first one no one cared . ' hamill was ' cleared ' to tell the packed house that he did record a voiceover specifically for the new teaser trailer , which debuted on thursday during the celebration kick-off panel . this image released by lucasfilm shows a scene from ' star wars : the force awakens , ' the highly anticipated film by j.j. abrams that hits theaters dec. 18 . ( lucasfilm via ap ) . in the teaser , we hear luke 's voice saying a familiar , but slightly altered line from return of the jedi : ' the force is strong in my family . my father has it . i have it . my sister has it . you have that power too . ' he laughed and said that he kept messing up and saying : ' my father had it . ' the end result is a combination of the original recording and hamill 's new session , the actor said . after playing the trailer once more in the large arena , hamill marveled that there is ' so much information there for you to speculate about ' embedded in the footage . ' it implies so much that 's gone on from [ return of the ] jedi till now , ' he said . ' they do n't call it a teaser for nothing . they want to tease you . ' doing the double : j.j. abrams is pictured above signing items for fans . he directed the rebooted star trek film before moving on to rival franchise star wars .