michelle obama likes to keep a busy schedule and wednesday was no exception as the first lady managed to effortlessly combine an event with school children during the afternoon and a black tie event in the evening . the white house kitchen garden was full of school children on wednesday afternoon as flotus oversaw a session of planting spinach , broccoli , lettuce , radish and bok choy . the first lady , who wasted no time getting stuck in in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie , was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing let 's move initiative . scroll down for video . michelle obama likes to keep a busy schedule and wednesday was no exception as the first lady combined an event with school children during the afternoon and a black tie event in the evening . the first lady was on hand to present 15-time grammy winner alicia keys with the recording academy 's recording artists ' coalition award for her ongoing contribution to popular music . not content with a busy afternoon in the garden , she then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual grammys on the hill awards which were held at hamilton live in washington , d.c . the annual event mixes music and politics and the first lady was on hand to present 15-time grammy winner alicia keys with the recording academy 's recording artists ' coalition award for her ongoing contribution to popular music . ' we are proud to honor alicia keys for her artistry , philanthropy and her passion for creators ' rights as a founding member of the academy 's brand-new grammy creators alliance . ' said recording academy president and ceo neil portnow . the evening 's other honorees include house judiciary chairman bob goodlatte ( r-va. ) and jerrold nadler ( d-n.y. ) , ranking member of the house judiciary subcommittee on courts , intellectual property and the internet . both were being recognized for their support of music creators ' rights . serving as master of ceremonies for the awards was grammy-nominated singer/songwriter hunter hayes . also in attendance from the music industry were r & b/pop producer rodney jerkins , singer eddie money , singer/songwriter ray parker jr. , singer/songwriter robert earl keen jr. and saxophonist kirk whalum . not content with a busy afternoon in the garden , michelle obama then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual grammys on the hill awards which were held at hamilton live in washington , d.c . michelle obama spent a productive wednesday afternoon planting vegetables with school children during the spring planting of the white house vegetable garden on the south lawn of the white house . the white house kitchen garden was full of school children on wednesday afternoon as flotus oversaw a session of planting spinach , broccoli , lettuce , radish and bok choy . as part of her ongoing initiative to get americans ' moving ' in their own neighborhoods , the first lady is asking school children across the country to participate in her garden challenge . wednesday saw the launch an interactive online map to encourage people to join their local let 's move programs and included students participating in d.c. , maryland , virginia , new york , california , colorado , arizona , north carolina and mississippi . the interactive map highlights these 'sub-initiatives , ' which were started in collaboration with federal agencies , businesses and nonprofits across the country . the range of local projects that people can join includes child care , reading , museum and garden programs affiliated with let 's move . as part of her ongoing initiative to get americans ' moving ' in their own neighborhoods , the first lady is asking school children across the country to participate in her garden challenge . the first lady also encouraged the students to take the # gimmefive garden challenge and create a garden in their communities and schools back home with a starter kit of seeds for the five vegetables they helped her plant . ' ( it ) gives you an opportunity to really see the impact that the let 's move ! initiatives are having , ' mrs. obama said . ' i encourage people to go check it out if they want to get involved in let 's move ! and see what 's going on in their communities . ' in celebration of the fifth anniversary of mrs. obama 's campaign to combat childhood obesity , the first lady also encouraged the students to take the # gimmefive garden challenge and create a garden in their communities and schools back home with a starter kit of seeds for the five vegetables they helped her plant .