two sons of an ailing bestselling true crime writer are accused of defrauding and bullying her into giving them more than $ 125,000 - despite the pair already receiving a monthly allowance of $ 25,000 combined with their two sisters through their mother 's corporation . ann rule 's son , 54-year-old andrew rule , is accused of bullying her into giving him $ 23,327 , according to court documents , and admitted to authorities that he blew the money given to him on gambling and strip clubs . michael rule , 51 , who receives approximately $ 9,000 a month between salaries paid to him and his wife by rule enterprises , llc , is accused of forging his mother 's signature on her checks from march 2014 to february 2015 amounting to $ 103,628 . prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from ann rule , and the two sons accused of wrongdoing are set to appear in court on april 30 . famous true crime writer ann rule ( above ) , 84 , had more than $ 100,000 allegedly stolen and defrauded from her by her two sons . ann rule , 84 , is known for many of her crime books , notably the 1980 bestseller the stranger beside me based on serial killer ted bundy . she has published 33 books and eight of those have been turned into movies including ann rule presents : the stranger beside me and small sacrifices . the washington-based author has been in declining health since 2013 after she broke her hip , she also suffers from periods of extreme confusion and is vulnerable to undue influence , according to the huffington post . court documents also said she is ' largely confined to a wheelchair ' , is unable to ' perform many activities of daily living without assistance ' and ' she is on oxygen at all times ' . her son-in-law , glen scorr , alerted authorities in march after he became suspicious that she was being ' financially exploited ' by her two sons . an investigation revealed that michael and andrew rule along with their two siblings , leslie and laura , receive an estimated $ 25,000 monthly salary combined through their mother 's corporation rule enterprises llc for work they perform on her behalf , according to court documents . the four children also have their health and dental insurance covered through the corporation . andrew rule , who also has his rent and car insurance covered by his mother , would allegedly bully her until she would give in and write him a check , according to court documents . ' andy would pester and bully ann relentlessly for money , sometimes threatening suicide , sometimes trying to make her feel guilty , sometimes screaming obscenities at her , until she would finally give in and write him a check , ' the documents stated . authorities said he would have an excuse for needing money which included when he got injured and needed money for medical expenses , repairing his car , groceries , buying a racehorse and needing clothes after getting a new job . andrew rule ( pictured above ) , the son of author ann rule , has been charged with theft by deception in a case of alleged financial exploitation of his mother 's money . his brother , michael rule , has been charged with theft and forgery . a protection order was granted against andrew rule on february 3 prohibiting him from having any contact with ann rule except for under limited circumstances , according to court documents . however , authorities said he violated it and was arrested on march 27 . while in custody , he told officers he battled with gambling and drug addictions for years , and that he used the money given to him by his mother on gambling and strip clubs . he also told officers he pressured his mother for money never intending to use it for the stated purposes , according to court documents . ' i have never in my life , as god as my witness , stolen anything whatsoever from my mom , ' andrew rule told kiro-tv . ' basically i used to have a gambling problem but i do n't anymore and i have absolutely no idea why i was pulled in at the same time my brother was , ' he continued . he has been charged with first-degree theft . michael rule , who reportedly receives a higher salary than his siblings because he is more involved in his mother 's day-to-day care , is accused of forging her signature on her checks , according to court documents . prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from ann rule , and the two sons accused of wrongdoing are set to appear in court on april 30 . ann rule is known for many of her crime books including the stranger beside me based on serial killer ted bundy . ann rule told authorities that she did not give him permission to write himself or his wife checks for funds exceeding their salary without her permission . she also confirmed the checks written with her signature was not hers and that it appears to be the signature of michael rule , according to documents . authorities said that once the protection order was filed against andrew rule , michael rule ' began engaging in similar tactics of intimidation and coercion to pressure his mother to provide him funds above his monthly salary ' . ' he became increasingly insistent he needed the money to pay his mortgage and other expenses . he would yell at his mother demanding money as she cowered in her wheelchair , ' the documents stated . ann rule told authorities in an interview that michael rule would fly into rages throwing things across the room and sweeping a counter clean with his arm . a family friend , john patrick kelly , who was hired as a handyman by ann rule stated he had previously been physically assaulted by michael rule , according to court documents . michael rule has been charged with first-degree theft and forgery , and both men are out of jail on personal recognizance , according to kiro-tv . authorities said the fraud loss amount is expected to rise as more documents are received and reviewed , and the investigation is ongoing .