given the inexorable march of the past 12 months in one direction , perhaps it is only appropriate that rory mcilroy should spend the eve of the masters on wednesday with a member of the celebrated boy band of that name . but it is not lookalike harry styles who will carry the northern irishman 's bag in the par-three tournament but keen golfer niall horan as mcilroy looks for a little light relief before his first attempt to complete a career grand slam . one direction released their debut album in 2011 , the same year mcilroy won his first major , so you could say they have mirrored each other , hit for greatest hit . rory mcilroy watches a tee shot during a practice round prior to the start of the 2015 masters tournament . mcilroy alongside his caddie caroline wozniacki during the 2014 par 3 contest in augusta . mcilroy celebrates with his wozniacki on the 9th hole during the par 3 contest at augusta national golf club . at last year 's masters , mcilroy piqued the interest of one or two photographers when then fiancee caroline wozniacki donned the caddie 's famous white boiler suit . he might find the curiosity levels are even greater this time , for one direction are even more popular in the us than in britain . between them , niall , an honorary member at mullingar , westmeath , and rory might do more to stir up interest in golf among the young than any number of ' old fogey ' initiatives . ' we met in australia at the end of last year and he was saying he had never been to the masters , ' said mcilroy . ' i said if you 're available on the wednesday you 're more than welcome to carry the bag . niall 's really excited . ' niall horan will swap girls screams for augusta greens as he caddies for golfer mcilroy . mcilroy hits a putt in the rain during a practice round prior to the start of the 2015 masters tournament . mcilroy looked more subdued than excited at his press conference yesterday , possibly because he knew what was coming . on the one hand , he feels as ready as he ever will for his tilt at history . on the other , he had to spend 30 minutes with journalists wanting to trawl over his poor record at augusta . here is a sample : why is your record so bad on the par fives , rory ? why have you never birdied either the first or the 10th holes ? why have you left here for the past five years with at least one 77 on your score card ? what the hell 's wrong given all the advantages offered by your length off the tee ? mcilroy walks over the nelson bridge with caddie j.p. fitzgerald during a practice round . to be fair , he answered them all with politeness . after all , there was nothing there he had not analysed and dissected countless times himself . mcilroy knows better than anyone he has no chance unless he does better on the long holes . he brought up the point raised in the sportsmail graphic from last saturday , which compared his record on the par fives last year with that of winner bubba watson . ' just look at the two par fives on the back nine on sunday , ' he said . ' i had a nine iron in my hand for my second shot on both and i walked off with two sixes . two fours i 'd have finished third . mcilroy waits under an umbrella during a practice round prior to the start of the 2015 masters tournament . ' it 's something i 've been thinking about a lot . look at bubba , who played them in eight-under for the week to my level par and beat me by eight shots . ' i 've just been too aggressive at times . i had four sixes on par-fives last year , so if i can clean up those , i 'll have a chance to win . ' as for those 77s , he said : ' it 's not like i 'm having a bad 18 holes . it 's always just a bad nine holes that causes the damage and it 's usually on a friday , like last year . but i am better equipped now to handle it if things do n't go right way . mentally , i 'm in a far better place . ' mcilroy conceded that the circus surrounding tiger woods 's return had not been unhelpful and the draw has worked out pretty well , too . the place you do not want to be come thursday is in one of the last two groups , like woods , but mcilroy has been treated kindly , with a mid-morning threesome alongside americans phil mickelson and ryan moore . ' i do n't think i 've played alongside phil at augusta so that 's perfect , ' he said . ' we always get along well and he has a great record here . it will be fun to watch him . ' it was this time last week , while practising in florida , that mcilroy pronounced himself ready to go . ' it 's been great not to have to think of anything technical while i 'm playing , ' he said . ' i 've been able to enjoy the build-up . ' rory mcilroy waits with his caddie fitzgerald in the rain during a practice round at augusta national golf club . asked who he saw as favourite , mcilroy went for bubba — ironic given a recent espn survey among the pros ranked watson as the least favourite . ' i take it as i need to improve as a man , ' said watson , with the sort of annoying comment that explains his unpopularity in the first place . as for mcilroy , he knows where he needs to improve . ' you look at this course and it should fit me perfectly from tee to green , ' he said . after one direction on wednesday , it 'll be his turn to generate some roars .