in a week where people have been highlighting the lack of young english talent in the premier league , it’s good to see three youngsters playing in my old position have really caught the eye this season . calum chambers , eric dier and john stones have all enjoyed excellent premier league campaigns . defence is not the easiest area for a young player to make an impression — managers can be reluctant to trust youth in a position of responsibility — but these three have done just that . what sets them apart is their self-belief . chambers and stones are still 20 and dier is 21 , but there are no signs of fear in their games . arsenal defender calum chambers ( left ) has impressed in his first season at the club . everton defender john stones ( right ) puts in a challenge against liverpool striker daniel sturridge . tottenham defender eric dier ( left ) has grown in stature as the season has progressed at white hart lane . in a way , we shouldn’t really be surprised . between them they have cost £19million , so they are not exactly surprise packages . what has been surprising is the way they have come on this season . they are by no means the finished article , but their progress is encouraging . it helps that all three have had a taste of playing at full back . i think they are all destined to become top central defenders , but if you are mobile enough , you are often asked to do a job at full back . at this stage it certainly does no harm to your development . i remember playing at right back before moving to the middle . you need pace and stamina to bomb up and down but when it comes to playing at centre half , that agility can be of huge benefit . i first saw dier playing for the england under 20s and he still looked raw . he was a powerful , quick right back who charged up and down , but he needed more control . i felt his body type made him ideally suited to centre half and he has made that position his own at tottenham . dier ( left ) stood up strongly against chelsea striker diego costa in the capital one cup final at wembley . stones has moved across from right back into the centre of defence for everton and has flourished . his rise has been quite spectacular . he has gone from a promising squad player to a first-team regular alongside jan vertonghen . he moves the ball well , is technically very good and he is a fighter — he stood up well to diego costa in the capital one cup final at wembley . the next step for him is to become a vocal leader . the best central defenders demand so much from those around them and if that mentality is drilled into him , dier could improve tottenham’s rather soft underbelly . stones has spent time at right back but now finds himself at the heart of the everton defence . he is very comfortable on the ball , has good speed and reads the game well so is rarely beaten one on one . he can tackle with either foot and his timing is excellent — just when you think he is beaten , he nicks the ball . he is comfortable playing out of defence but he has to be careful not to overplay . he is good in the air but can improve , especially from wide crosses and set-pieces . experience will help him become more wily . with chambers , i never doubted he was going to the right club , but i did wonder how many games he would play at arsenal . with lots of competition for places , he has a real fight on his hands but he has already made 35 appearances this season . of the three he is the best on the ball and if he makes a mistake , there is no drop in confidence — he still wants to make forward passes . that passing ability means there could be value in trying him in midfield , though that would require careful planning to bed him in . chambers ( right ) has played at right back , centre-back and midfield for arsenal during the season . england manager roy hodgson could be tempted to field the trio in a back three for the three lions . in one on ones , sometimes he doesn’t look set . he likes to put an arm on the attacker to slow them down and that’s partly why he has picked up eight bookings this season and been sent off . he tries to win the ball in the first few strides and can be prone to gambling . all three have taken huge steps forward this season , and with england using two centre-back partnerships in the last two games , those positions could be up for grabs . and if roy hodgson wants to fit more attacking players into his england side in the future , there’s no reason why this trio , with their experiences at full back , couldn’t play together in a back three . it would certainly be a useful option . 