chad geyen ( above ) of ramsey , minnesota was found dead on sunday of a self-inflicted gunshot wound . a man charged with multiple counts of sexual abuse against young boys killed himself the day before his trial . chad geyen , a married father of two from ramsey , minnesota , was found dead on sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at a park near his home . he had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times , including his own foster son , between 1990 and 2013 . the star tribune reports that geyen , 45 , was first reported missing on saturday night , having been out on bail since he was first charged in november 2013 . he was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second-degree criminal sexual conduct . of the six individuals who have come forward , four are now adults , with the oldest saying the abuse began between him and geyen when he was part of the big brothers organization . another boy claims geyen once paid him $ 20 to perform a sexual act , while a third actually lived with the man as his foster child . that individual says he was 5-years-old when the abuse began , and that it occurred hundreds of times . all the boys were under the age of 13 when the alleged abuse began . while investigating , authorities found a fake facebook account created by geyen in which he claimed to be a 13-year-old girl to communicate with young boys . there was also visits to a 'boy-love ' site in his web history . 'it’s pretty unusual [ for abuse cases ] to go undetected after having this much contact with victims over such a long period of time , ' said anoka county sheriff’s cmdr . paul sommer when the charges were first filed . ' there were hundreds of alleged incidents . ' the hennepin county medical examiner’s office is set to release further details about geyen 's death later this week . • for confidential help , call the national suicide prevention lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here . • for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here . 