runner : a short story about a long run . by lizzy hawker . ( aurum press £12.99 ) waiting nervously at the starting line of her first 155 km race around mont blanc , 29-year-old lizzy hawker looked down at her holey long johns , clumpy trail shoes and the poorly fitting rucksack she had borrowed , then up at the elite lycra kit of her fellow competitors . she had entered the 2005 ultra-trail du mont-blanc ( utmb ) on a whim — but now , the reality of the challenge ahead began to sink in . she would be covering almost the same distance as that between her birthplace in the london suburbs and southampton , where she was studying for a phd in environmental science . and her slight , 5 ft 4 in body would have to keep lifting those heavy shoes through 8,500m of ascent and descent — equivalent to climbing from sea level to the summit of everest and back . some 26 hours , 51 minutes and 51 seconds later , hawker surprised herself , and everyone else , by becoming the first woman to cross the dark , wet , alpine finish line that year , coming 24th overall . lizzy hawker entered the 2005 ultra-trail du mont-blanc ( pictured ) on a whim and she 's since gone on to become britain’s most distinctive female ‘ ultra runner’ . she would go on to become britain’s most distinctive female ‘ ultra runner’ , coming first in the utmb five times , taking gold in the women’s 100km world championships in korea in 2006 , setting a new women’s world record for 24 hours on the road in the 2011 commonwealth championships and a new course record at the sunbaked 246 km spartathlon in 2012 . but hawker’s inspirational memoir does not focus on the figures . she’s more interested in why she is able to push herself beyond normal limits , and how running makes her feel . her book is strong on buddhist philosophy and the peace that comes with living fully in the now . raised in upminster , east london , hawker says she always felt a profound connection to nature . she became a vegetarian aged five , and knew her future lay in the mountains after her first skiing trip to zermatt when she was six . only a few years later , frustrated by the queue for the cable cars , she threw her skis over her shoulders and beat her family back down the mountain . when you ask artists and musicians why they chose their paths , they will often reply that all children love to draw and sing : they just refused to stop . hawker feels the same about running . studying at cambridge and later working for the british antarctic survey , she struggled with the hours at her desk and confined on boats . she ran at weekends and after work , clocking an average time in the london marathon and later winning a race across the fells . but after that first utmb triumph , hawker knew she had found her calling and she renounced the world of employment . sponsorship from the north face helped fund her travel to races around the world . she owns few possessions , travelling with just clothes , shoes and a laptop . though running makes hawker feel ‘ beautifully empowered’ , it has left her with ‘unbeautiful’ feet . as she writes ( from her temporary home in the himalayas ) , she faces the possibility of never running again . six stress fractures to the bones of her legs and feet may end her career . but she ends by quoting hunter s. thompson , who believed that : ‘ life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well-preserved body , but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke , thoroughly used up , totally worn out and loudly proclaiming : “ wow ! what a ride ! ” ’ 