it has long been considered that a lie-flat bed is the only way to get a good night 's sleep on a plane . but boeing has issued a patent for a bizarre ' upright ' sleeping support system that could mean economy passengers can sleep on long-haul flights too . nicknamed the ' cuddle chair , ' the somewhat comical idea could revolutionise the plane sleeping experience by eliminating the need for reclining seats at all . boeing has just filed a patent for a ' transport vehicle upright sleep support system ' known as a ' cuddle chair ' . it looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption . according to the patent for the ' transport vehicle upright sleep support system , ' and illustrative animated video from website patentyogi , the head cushion will have a ' face relief aperture , ' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing . the chest cushion supports the passenger 's chest in a natural , forward-leaning motion , which will helpfully aid the traveller in a few precious minutes of shut-eye . sleeping on a plane can be quite a feat - especially for those who do n't have the money to splurge on business or first class seats . while some rely on a personal neck pillow , which is readily available to purchase in airports , boeing 's patent insists that the ' cuddle chair ' is a far superior option . for those sitting in economy aircraft seats , the ' cuddle chair ' offers a more natural way to get some sleep . the backpack will be located under the seat and straps will attach to the passenger 's head rest . a ' face relief aperture , ' or a face pillow with a hole for breathing , and chest cushion provide added support . the patent insists that this system is far superior to neck pillows due to sleep 's ' natural horizontal tendency ' . although a patent was filed , boeing tells mailonline travel that no further information is currently available . according to the patent , the inflatable pillow is ' not a highly successful option due to the natural tendency of a sleeper to relax their muscles and fall to a more horizontal point . ' if you 're using a neck pillow , this may be the moment that it slips and you wake up . however , it may be a while until we see the ' cuddle chair ' installed on boeing aircraft , as the aviation company tells mailonline travel that it ' files many patents every year , but that does n't necessarily mean we end up pursuing them . ' a spokesperson for boeing adds : ' we are n't providing any further information or comment beyond what was detailed in the patent filing . '