ed miliband 's claim to crackdown on the super-rich unravelled today after it emerged ed balls has warned the idea of scrapping non-dom rules would cost the country money . the labour leader used a speech to say he will ' abolish ' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms , which applies to around 116,000 people , claiming they make britain an ' offshore tax haven for a few ' and can ' no longer be justified ' . but in january mr balls , the shadow chancellor , said : ' i think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing britain money because there will be some people who will then leave the country . ' scroll down for video . ed miliband has pledged to scrap the controversial 'non-dom ' status which allows millionaires to reduce their tax bil . the labour leader visited cheswick 's coffee shop in rowley regis in the west midlands this afternoon . mr miliband argues that non-dom tests ' are not very rigorous ' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad . non-domicile status allows people living and working in britain to only pay tax on their uk income , but not earnings from overseas . they must prove that they regard a foreign country as their real home . but mr miliband argues that non-dom tests ' are not very rigorous ' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad . in a speech in warwick today , mr miliband said that everyone who has made britain their permanent home should pay full uk tax on all their income and gains . he pledged to abolish the non-dom status from april 2016 . he told an audience at the university of warwick : ' why should there be one rule for some and another for everybody else ? ' it is not fair . it is not just . it holds britain back . we will stop it . the next labour government will abolish the non-dom rule . ' and we will replace it with a clear principle : anyone permanently resident in the uk will pay tax in the same way . ' the rules we will introduce are modelled on what other countries do . real temporary residents , here for a brief period , will only have to pay tax on what they earn here . ' because they will be paying their taxes in their place of permanent residence . but everyone else will have to pay tax on their worldwide income . ' the status , which is unique to the uk having been introduced by william pitt the younger in the late 18th century , is used by more than 110,000 wealthy people . in january shadow chancellor ed balls warned : ' i think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing britain money because there will be some people who will then leave the country . ' mr miliband said non-dom status results from a discredited belief that ' anything goes for those at the top and that what is good for the rich is always good for britain ' . he added : ' there are people who live here in britain like you and me , work here in britain , are permanently settled here in britain like you and me , but are n't required to pay taxes like you and me because they take advantage of what has become an increasingly arcane 200-year-old loophole . ' there are now 116,000 non-doms , costing hundreds of millions of pounds to our country – it can no longer be justified , and it makes britain an offshore tax haven for a few . ' non-dom status is often inherited through the father so can apply to people who were born in britain . they must pay an annual fee , of up to £90,000 , to take advantage of the rules , which means it is only of us to the very wealthy . newspaper reports overnight suggested that non-dom rules would be scrapped by labour altogether . but today it emerged labour would allow ' real temporary residents ' to take advantage of the rules - with the time limit to be consulted on should they take power in the general election on may 7 . mr miliband said on twitter that ' we should all pay taxes by the same rules ' ahead of his speech in coventry . ex-dragons ' den star duncan bannatyne backed the labour tax crackdown . entrepreneur and ex-dragons ' den star duncan bannatyne has backed ed miliband over the labour leader 's plan to scrap non-dom tax status . it comes after the hotelier signed a letter sent to the daily telegraph from more than 100 business leaders stating the 'conservative-led government has been good for business ' and backing the cut in corporation tax to 20 % . he tweeted : ' ed milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in uk . this gets my vote i never thought any party would have courage to do this . ' mr balls said it should be around two or three years - not the five suggested in some reports . but it emerged that when he was a treasury minister in the last labour government , mr balls insisted that ' the majority of non-domiciled individuals who had already left the uk spent no more than five years here ' . and in a january interview mr balls said : ' i think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing britain money because there will be some people who will then leave the country . ' asked by bbc radio leeds at the time if he would scrap the status , he said he was looking at tightening the system to ' make sure the non-dom rules work in a fair way ' . chancellor george osborne said labour 's proposals amounted to ' tinkering around the edges ' not an outright ban . ' we have ed balls himself saying it would cost the country money , ' mr osborne said on a campaign visit to a bank in kingston , south london . ' it is a classic example of the economic chaos and confusion you get with ed miliband . it 's why they have no economic credibility . ' mr osborne said the government 's policy of increasing the fees charged to non-doms , which he raised as recently as december , had brought in more than £1 billion . the lib dems said the number non-dom numbers ' exploded ' under the last labour government and more than doubled while mr miliband was an adviser in the treasury . tory chancellor george osborne warned the plan could cost britain ' hundreds of millions of pounds ' and stopped short of scrapping the rules , despite labour 's claims . nick clegg 's party said it would rack up existing fees for non don status as high as £150,000 a year . the lib dems were bounced into announcing their own crackdown on non doms by the labour pledge . they would rack up existing fees for non don status as high as £150,000 a year . the party is also considering its own ban on non doms staying in britain longer than a decade . but officials said they would not go ahead with this until it was clear it would raise money . and officials said there were ' dangers ' that talent could leave the uk if non dom rules were seen to be ' unfair ' . officials said the plans were in the manifesto but brought forward after ed miliband 's announcement . the lib dems would also ban people from inheriting non-dom status from their parent . the party 's manifesto will commit to raising the levy on non-doms who have been in the country for more than seven of the past nine years from £30,000 to £50,000 . non doms in the country for 12 of the past 14 years would rise from £60,000 to £100,000 and for people who have been in the country for 17 of the past 19 years from £90,000 to £150,000 . mr balls told bbc radio 4 's today that circumstances had changed and there was now a large budget deficit to cut . ' people were saying in the middle of the last decade this will lead to people leaving the country . it 's not actually turned out to be the case , ' he said . ' the abuse is bigger than we thought . these rules are ridiculous , they are unfair , they are being abused , and i think it 's time to act . ' these were introduced in the period of the napoleonic wars to allow people who were earning money in the colonies not to pay tax in the uk . ' that 's fine , it 's a different world now , a different time , different choices . ' admitting he was not scrapping non-dom rules completely , he said that labour would allow ' a short period for existing non-doms to get their affairs sorted out ' . asked about the exemptions , he said : ' what we will do in the future is if people are coming here temporarily to work or to study , then we 'll allow a short period , i think five years is probably too long . ' i 'm thinking more the length of a normal postgraduate or university degree , say two to three years . ' mr osborne said ' the right approach ' was to hit 'non-doms ' with higher annual charges for exploiting the system - effectively making it only worthwhile for the very wealthiest . the liberal democrats said they planned to take an additional £130 million from non-doms by reforming eligibility rules and ' significantly increasing the charges ' . chief secretary to the treasury danny alexander said : ' the key tests are what maximises revenue for the exchequer and best supports our economic recovery . ' 'non-dom numbers exploded under tony blair and gordon brown , more than doubling when ed miliband was an adviser in the treasury , ' he said . ' we came down hard on those who stayed in the uk for long periods without paying their share - increasing charges on non-doms year-on-year since 2010 . labour used to allow non-doms to sit in the house of lords , lib dems stopped that . ' in the next parliament we want to go further by radically reforming the rules and significantly increasing the charges for non-doms to secure an additional gbp130 million for the public purse . '