andy lee will leave new york with his head held high and a burgeoning reputation firmly intact . a dramatic , frenetic 12 rounds here saw the irishman sent sprawling in the very first against the dangerous peter quillin , the man who vacated the wbo middleweight title lee won so gloriously in las vegas last december before the result was deemed a draw . it was the first time the reigning champion had gone the distance . no mean feat considering he fought for a lengthy period with a strained biceps muscle in his left arm . peter quillin ( left ) and andy lee stand with the referee after the judges declared their bout a draw . the two fighters embrace following their exciting 12-round contest in brooklyn on saturday night . lee retains his wbo belt after quillin failed to make the required 160lbs weight on friday . quillin 's unbeaten record remains intact following the tie though he threw fewer punches than lee . the two fighters congratulate each other at the end of the 12 rounds , which were judged to be a draw . with quillin dramatically failing to make the required weight of 160lbs on friday , lee strode out in front of a healthy crowd knowing whatever happens , his belt was n't going anywhere . yet this was still one hell of a contest and when the judges correctly called it a tie , no-one was really arguing . while it was scored 113-112 , 112-113 , 113-113 , the statistics told a different story . lee threw more punches ( 299-267 ) and connected with greater frequency ( 113-103 ) . it was a warrior-like display . not maybe enough to have destroyed quillin 's unbeaten record , but impressively solid and energetic . lee , however , was hard on himself . ' it was a tough fight , he dropped me at the start because i was lazy , ' he said . ' i had the momentum late on . i understand with two knockdowns people may have thought he won but i could have done better . ' billy joe saunders is the mandatory challenger and looks the likeliest next opponent . another meeting with quillin , although intriguing with the title on the line , is highly unlikely . lee was knocked to the canvas by quillin during the very first round of the contest in new york . lee admitted he had been ' lazy ' in the early stages of the fight , leading to his knockdown and standing count . quillin is ordered to the corner after lee falls later in the bout . ' if my next fight is quillin it should be in ireland . he has an irish surname . maybe he has some ancestors there , ' smiled lee , who will now look forward to a few weeks off to recharge the batteries before making his next move . only the american will know how , even though he last fought a year ago , his team somehow allowed their man to miss the weight so spectacularly . the 31-year-old was over by almost a pound-and-a-half . trainer adam booth thought he looked over the limit in the build-up . lee would never display such a lack of professionalism . the 30-year-old in the form and shape of his life . title fight or not , this was the irishman 's chance to show he belongs at boxing 's top table . a polished display was the order of the evening to ensure his rapier-like trajectory continues this year . quillin insisted before the clash it would be like a chess match . he was right , yet playing with kings or queens do n't often lead to the explosion of power which sent lee spiralling to the canvas at the end of the first round . quillin 's right connects with lee 's right shoulder during the middleweight bout . lee and quillin exchange punches at close quarters during the tight contest . lee is put onto the pack foot as quillin lines up a punch with his right . quillin 's right hook rocked the irishman who was given a standing count . it was just the second time he 'd hit the floor , taking in both his amateur and professional career . no wonder lee looked dazed . the american was quickly showing why he 's the proud owner of an unblemished record . a razor-sharp combination had lee reeling again but the limerick man is a true warrior . a far better third saw quillin on the backfoot for the first time as , after such a frenetic start , everything began to calm somewhat . lee went down again and although it was originally scored as a knockdown it later emerged quillin had stepped on his foot . if the scorecard had taken that into account , a draw could well have turned into an irish win . nevertheless , lee needed some respite . the brooklyn crowd unleashed some booing to display their displeasure at both fighters standing their ground . yet the irishman , who won his last two fights by coming from behind to land the killer blow , would n't have care a jot . heading into the sixth , quillin was ahead in the eyes of the judges . lee , the master of coming from behind to snatch victory , needed something special . quillin connects with lee 's cheek with a crunching right . quillin again makes contact but over the course of the whole fight , he landed fewer punches . the comeback came at the end of the seventh , a crunching right leaving a very open quillin tumbling . it was the first time he 'd been down in his career . lee , though , needed more heading into the tenth . the final rounds were dramatic without ever really looking terminal for either fighter . and when the last bell rang , lee and the amiable quillin hugged and showed a deep admiration towards each other which has been evident all week . ' the judges see it their way and i respect the decision , ' said the american . ' there is a first time for everything , i got knocked down and thankfully i got up . there is no perfect story , i come from nothing so to have something is a blessing as is going home to a family i love . ' respect to andy lee though . ' 