a man driving to work in alabama suddenly noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week . that set off a chain of events that included a deputy 's pursuit , a crash , and an arrest . a man contacted police friday after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning near piedmont , calhoun county chief deputy matthew wade told wbrc-tv . scroll down for video . chase : this grab taken from dashcam footage shows a deputy pursuing a truck . a man driving to work in alabama had earlier noticed his stolen pickup truck following him . surprise : the truck was stolen from the victim on the man 's birthday . the truck can be seen on the left going past another vehicle . the vehicle was swiped from the victim his birthday , wbrc reported . according to the fox affiliate , police attempted to pull over the reportedly stolen vehicle -- but the driver , 29-year-old terry proctor of piedmont , did not stop , leading to a pursuit . wade told wbrc the driver crashed the vehicle and was ejected as the truck rolled over . proctor was captured after a foot chase , wade told the television station . wade also said ' the guy found his truck and it was right behind him . ' and you do bad things , and you 're going to get caught . suspect : terry proctor of piedmont , pictured , was booked into the cherokee county jail , on charges including first degree theft and possession of burglary tools . veering off : the truck can be seen going off the road , where it rolled over . escape : suspect terry proctor was captured after a foot chase , calhoun county chief deputy matthew wade has said . ' and that 's kind of how it goes , and this guy had warrants through - already had warrants through cherokee county , he had warrants through piedmont , he had warrants through us . ' united states marshals had also been searching for proctor , wbrc reported . according to the television station , proctor was booked into the cherokee county jail , on charges including first degree theft and possession of burglary tools . wiat reported that proctor is being held without bond .  