a 23-year-old resident of columbus , ohio , who trained with a group affiliated with al qaeda has been arrested and charged with plotting an attack on american soil , the justice department revealed today . abdirahman sheik mohamud , a naturalized american citizen of somali descent , had been instructed by a cleric to return to the united states and carry out an act of terrorism , the indictment said . the justice department stated that mohamud was also an islamic state sympathizer , and that his brother , abdifatah aden , was killed fighting with the group in syria in 2013 . terror suspect : abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , from columbus , ohio , has been arrested and charged with supporting terrorism after getting training in syria . according to court documents , mohamud left the us a year ago with the intent to go to syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al qaeda in iraq . in april 2014 , he purchased a one-way ticket to greece , but during a layover in istanbul he failed to board a connecting flight to athens and instead made his way to syria . once he reached his destination , mohamud stated that he received training in shooting weapons , breaking into houses , explosives and hand-to-hand combat . the 23-year-old columbus man aloes said that after completing his training , a cleric with the group jabhat al-nusrah instructed him to return to the us and commit an act of terror . the 23-year-old returned to the us in june 2014 with a plot to attack a military base or a correctional facility , targeting people in uniform , according to court documents . ' mohamud talked about doing something big in the united states , ' the papers cited by abc news indicate . ' he wanted to go to a military base in texas and kill three or four american soldiers execution style . ' on thursday , mohamud was indicted on one count of attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists , one count of attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization , and one count of making false statements to the fbi . the first two counts , providing material support to terrorists and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization are each crimes punishable by up to 15 years in prison . abdirahman sheik mohamud , left , speaks with his defense attorney , sam shamansky , during a hearing to set bond on state charges of money laundering and providing support for terrorism in february . making false statements involving international terrorism carries a maximum sentence of eight years in prison . mohamud was arrested on state charges february 21 , 2015 , and is expected to be transferred into federal custody based on today’s indictment . before mohamud 's brother was killed in battle on or around june 3 , 2014 , the two had exchanged emails discussing the 23-year-old 's plans to travel to syria and fight with islamic state . in february , mohamud asked abdifatah aden how he could send him money . later that month , mohamud was arrested at his columbus home for allegedly providing a computer tablet an other material support to terroist organizations aborad . prosecutor ron o'brien at the time asked a judge to set mohamud 's bond at $ 1million saying he was a flight risk and posed a threat to public safety . mohamud 's attorney , sam shamansky , insisted that his client was not a terrorist and would not flee because he was taking care of his ailing mother in ohio .  