many teenagers are tempted to try e-cigarettes , but few adopt the electronic devices as habit , a new study has found . many teenagers are tempted to try e-cigarettes , but few become regular users , scientists have discovered . in fact , they found most of those teens who do try e-cigarettes are also smokers . this suggests young people are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits - nor are they getting hooked on them after initially trying them . researchers examined data from two nationally representative surveys of primary and secondary schoolchildren from more than 150 schools across wales . in all , 1,601 children aged 10 to 11 and 9,055 children aged 11 to 16 were quizzed about their use of e-cigarettes . experts at cardiff university found use of e-cigarettes at least once was more common than having smoked a conventional cigarette in all age groups , bar the oldest ( 15 to 16 year olds ) . almost six per cent of 10 to 11 year olds had tried e-cigarettes , far more than had been tempted by tobacco ( 1.6 per cent ) . meanwhile , 12 per cent of 11 to 16 year olds said they had used e-cigarettes , irrespective of gender , ethnic background , or family affluence . this is in contrast with the pattern seen in smokers , where all these factors come into play . the researchers said it suggests e-cigarettes may have a wider appeal across all sectors of the teenage population . the proportion of teens who used e-cigarettes , but who had never smoked , rose from 5 per cent among 10 to 11 year olds , to eight per cent among 15 to 16 year olds . but only 1.5 per cent of those aged 11 to 16 said they regularly used the electronic devices - defined as at least once a month . the researchers note their findings suggest 'e-cigarettes are unlikely to make a major , direct contribution to adolescent nicotine addiction at present ' . they note the world health organisation recognise there is little evidence as to whether e-cigarettes may or may not act as a gateway to conventional smoking . the odds of regular e-cigarette use were 100 times higher among current weekly smokers than among non-smokers , and 50 times higher among those who had smoked cannabis . the strong link between current smoking and e-cigarette use suggests that teens are not using these products to help them quit smoking , the researchers said . they admit that a lack of consensus about what constitutes ‘use’ of an e-cigarette presents something of a challenge for research in this area , and suggest that further much longer term studies to include the generation of young people who have grown up with e-cigarettes are needed before firmer conclusions can be drawn . the cardiff university study noted most of those teens who do try e-cigarettes are also smokers , suggesting they are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits . professor peter hajek , director of the tobacco dependence research unit , at queen mary university of london , said : ' the results of this large survey tally with all other available data and the picture is consistently reassuring . 'e-cigarettes do not attract non-smokers . ' professor paul aveyard , at the university of oxford , said : ' this study shows that teenagers do what teenagers do : they experiment with smoking and nowadays also with e-cigarettes . ' consequently some people who have never tried tobacco cigarettes try e-cigarettes but only a few use them at least monthly , suggesting they are unattractive to people who do not smoke . ' about a fifth of regular smokers are using e-cigarettes , which is not a concern because e-cigarettes are less likely to harm users than are tobacco cigarettes . ' it does not show us anything about whether e-cigarettes help teenagers quit . it is hard to measure rare events but this survey was large enough to be sure that fewer than one in 200 never-smokers used an e-cigarette at least once a month . ' the study was published in bmj open .