tv celebrity dr mehmet oz will take on his detractors in the medical community head-on during a special episode of his daytime talk show thursday , sending a strong message that he will not be silenced . oz , 54 , found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to columbia university , where he serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at college of physicians , calling for his resignation because he is a ' charlatan who promotes ‘ quack treatments . ' in a special episode of the dr oz show , which was pre-taped tuesday and will air thursday , the beleaguered physician directly addressed his attackers and accused them of trying to bully him into silence . scroll down for video . teaser : tv celebrity dr mehmet oz released a videotaped message previewing a special episode of his show thursday , which will be dedicated to the controversial swirling around him . bold statement : oz , 54 , says in the video that he will not let the 10 doctors who launched a campaign last week to try and get him fired from columbia university silence him . the show released a 25-second teaser clip to cnn money featuring a part of oz 's rebuttal to promote the upcoming episode . ‘ this month , we celebrate my 1000th show , ’ oz says in the preview . ‘ i know i 've irritated some potential allies in our quest to make america healthy . ‘ no matter our disagreements , freedom of speech is the most fundamental right we have as americans . and these 10 doctors are trying to silence that right . looking directly into the camera , oz concluded : ‘ so i vow to you right here and right now : we will not be silenced , we will not give in . ’ according to a spokesperson for the dr oz show , about two-thirds of this week’s episode will be devoted to the controversy . on friday , dr oz will sit down for an interview on nbc 's today show . the harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at columbia in 1993 . he has been hosting his health and wellness talk show since 2009 . ten top doctors sent a letter to columbia university urging the school to remove tv celebrity doctor mehmet oz from his faculty position because he is a ' charlatan ' who promotes ' quack treatments ' . ‘ i bring the public information that will help them on their path to be their best selves , ’ oz said in a statement released through a representative of the dr. oz show , according to usa today . columbia 's medical and health sciences center . he continued : ‘ we provide multiple points of view , including mine , which is offered without conflict of interest . that does n't sit well with certain agendas which distort the facts . ’ dr henry miller , of california 's stanford university led the campaign against dr oz and was the first person to sign the letter , the new york daily news reported . miller said : ' he 's a quack and a fake and a charlatan . ' i think i know the motivation at columbia . ' they 're star-struck , and like having on their faculty the best-known doctor in the country . ' but the fact is that his advice endangers patients , and this does n't seem to faze them . ' he told cbs news that ‘ a person who endangers patients and is a menace to public health should not be on the faculty of a prestigious medical institution’ . the nine other doctors from across the country included dr joel tepper , a cancer researcher from the university of north carolina school of medicine , and dr gilbert ross of the american council on science and health in new york city . the doctors sent the letter to lee goldman , the dean of columbia 's faculties of health sciences and medicine . the physicians accused dr oz of pushing ' miracle ' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work . the doctors wrote that oz , for years a world-class columbia cardiothoracic surgeon , has ' misled and endangered ' the public . from left to right , dr phil mcgraw , financial advisor suze orman , host oprah winfrey , dr mehmet oz and interior designer nate berkus participate in the oprah winfrey show live from radio city music hall in 2010 . for more , visit extra online . the letter read : ' he has manifested an egregious lack of integrity by promoting quack treatments and cures in the interest of personal financial gain . ' thus , dr oz is guilty of either outrageous conflicts of interest or flawed judgments about what constitutes appropriate medical treatments , or both . the authors of the scathing communique took a particular issue with what they described as oz 's ‘ baseless and relentless opposition to the genetic engineering of food crops . ’ cnn money and the new york times reported that some of the doctors opposing oz have strong ties to the gmo food industry , namely the advocacy group american council on science and health . dr miller , a researcher with a conservative think tank , has been a vocal proponent of genetically modified foods and has spoken out against mandatory labeling . dr oz insists that he is not opposed to gmos on principle but wants them to be properly labelled so that educated consumers would know exactly what is in their food . ' i do not claim that gmo foods are dangerous , but believe that they should be labeled like they are in most countries around the world , ' he said in his statement friday . the new york ivy league school responded thursday , issuing a statement to the associated press saying only that the school ' is committed to the principle of academic freedom and to upholding faculty members ' freedom of expression for statements they make in public discussion . ' special interests : the authors of the letter took an issue with what they described as oz 's ' baseless and relentless opposition to the genetic engineering of food crops . ' the surgeon has been a vocal proponent of mandatory labeling of gmos , while some of his critics have been advocating for the gmo industry . dr oz first came to public attention as a frequent television guest of oprah winfrey . for the past five years , he 's been the host of the dr oz show . last year , he appeared before a us senate panel that accused him of endorsing products that were medically unsound . at the time , the doctor acknowledged some of the products he advised his viewers to use ' do n't have the scientific muster to present as fact . ' a show representative did not immediately return a call thursday from the ap seeking comment . as vice chairman of columbia 's surgery department , dr oz still occasionally teaches , said douglas levy , spokesman for the columbia university medical center . the controversy did not die down after his testimony . the company behind the '' miracle '' diet supplement in question later agreed to pay a $ 3.5 million settlement over false advertising . a study that purported to prove the product 's weight-loss benefits turned out to be based on fraudulent data and was retracted .