tragedy : zachary cain stickler , 34 , died the day after he pleaded not guilty to hitting his partner . a pilot has commited suicide by intentionally crashing his plane into a field in northern california the day after pleading not guilty to domestic violence charges , authorities said tuesday . zachary cain stickler , 34 , had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in february , and appeared shasta county superior court in redding on friday . before the crash on saturday , stickler had sent text messages to friends and family indicating he was distraught and planned to kill himself . he had been charged with felony count of making criminal threats and a misdemeanor battery charge , chief deputy district attorney stephanie bridgett said . the charges stemmed from an argument in february in redding , california , that escalated and became physical , bridgett said . the alleged victim was living with stickler at the time and reported an attack in their home . according to the police report , she claimed stickler had gotten violent and then left their home , and that her cellphone had been destroyed in the process . she declined medical attention . stickler killed himself by crashing into a pasture in in millville , california , about 20miles from redding , on saturday morning , shasta county sheriff 's deputy dustin reynolds said . sheriff 's officials responded to a report of an explosion around 8:30am and found a small debris field at the site where the single-engine cessna crashed . there was no indication stickler had wanted to hurt anyone else , reynolds added . a former boss has spoken of his shock at hearing of stickler 's death and the domestic violence charges . crash : it is believed stickler intentionally crashed his cessna plane into a field in california on saturday , after texting family and friends that he was ' distraught ' and planned on taking his own life . jason lamberton , chief operating officer at aft center flight training in long beach , california , where stickler worked last year described him as a ' skilled trainer who had good rapport with students ' . ' i 'm absolutely shocked . there was nothing like that whatsoever in his behavior . ' the young man was very professional with what he did here . we were really happy with him . ' lamberton also said that stickler had left the company in order for his girlfriend could pursue an opportunity elsewhere , and that he had offered to provide the 34-year-old with a reference . more recently , stickler worked for aperture aviation , an aerial photography company , which extended its sympathies to his family and friends in a statement . the federal aviation administration has assigned two inspectors to the crash , one of whom may conduct an on-site inspection , faa spokesman ian gregor said .