1 . heavy drinking males : scientists at sheffield university have identified six different types of obese person ( file image ) . there are six different types of obese person , scientists have today revealed . the distinction , they hope , will allow for tailor-made treatments to help different obese people combat their weight . researchers at the university of sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity . they found obese people fall into one of six categories : the scientists said their findings suggest that clinicians and policy makers should not target obese people as a whole , rather treat them according to the ' type ' of obese person they are . dr mark green , who led the study , said : ' policies designed to tackle obesity and encourage healthier lifestyles often target individuals just because they are obese . ' but a focus on just the group as a whole is not very efficient . we are all different and different health promotion approaches work for different people . ' our research showed that those in the groups that we identified are likely to need very different services , and will respond very differently to different health promotion policies . scroll down for video . ' in the future , we hope that gps will keep in mind these six groups when offering advice to their patients . ' bmi has long been used to measure individuals in terms of their height and weight , but does not account for variation across other factors such as health , demographic and behavioural characteristics . the team at sheffield looked at health-related variables , including whether individuals reported conditions like fatigue , pain , insomnia , depression , diabetes , high blood pressure , heart disease or cancer . 2 . young healthy females : the scientists said their findings suggest that clinicians and policy makers should not target obese people as a whole , rather treat them according to the ' type ' of obese person they are . the largest cluster was ' younger healthy females ' - also the youngest group ( file image ) . 3 . the affluent and healthy elderly : this group was the least deprived cluster and had positive health characteristics - although the group included a large proportion with high blood pressure - and above average alcohol consumption ( file image ) . demographic variables accounted for were age , sex , ethnicity and socioeconomic deprivation , while well-being was assessed by asking people how satisfied they were with their lives on a scale of nought to 10 . whether participants smoked and the number of units of alcohol they consumed in the previous week was also taken into consideration . 4 . the physically sick but happy elderly : they had a higher prevalence of chronic health problems including high blood pressure ( file image ) . as was whether or not they engaged in active weight management - going to slimming clubs , for example - and whether they made a conscious effort to eat more healthily . researchers discovered the largest cluster was ' younger healthy females ' - also the youngest group . they were the group most likely to display positive health characteristics , and engaged in some healthy behaviours . ' heavy drinking males ' showed similar characteristics , but consumed a high level of alcohol . they were less likely to be managing their weight , though did report above average levels of physical exercise and walking . the ' unhappy anxious middle-aged ' group was primarily female , had poor mental health and reported high levels of insomnia , anxiety , depression and fatigue . their sense of well-being was relatively low , but they did engage in healthy physical activity and weight management , and had the lowest alcohol consumption . the final three clusters captured different patterns among older people . the ' affluent healthy elderly ' was the least deprived cluster and had positive health characteristics - although the group included a large proportion with high blood pressure - and above average alcohol consumption . the ' physically sick but happy elderly ' group had a higher prevalence of chronic health conditions -including osteoarthritis , diabetes and high blood pressure - but exhibited low levels of anxiety and depression . 5 . the unhappy and anxious middle-aged : this group was primarily female , had poor mental health and reported high levels of insomnia , anxiety , depression and fatigue ( file image ) . 6 . those with the poorest health : this group was found to be the most deprived , and had the highest prevalence of chronic health conditions . and they tended not to engage in healthy behaviours ( file image ) . the final group , made up of those with the ' poorest health ' , was the most deprived , had the highest prevalence of most chronic health conditions , and tended not to engage in healthy behaviours . it also had the highest average bmi . researchers said health professionals should assess what group obese patients might fall into and treat them accordingly . for example , for the ' unhappy anxious middle-aged ' an intervention involving increasing exercise may need to be mixed with psycho-social counselling , while for those in the ' poorest health ' , group advice on exercise may not be reasonable and more modest goals may be needed . meanwhile messages about alcohol reduction could help tackle obesity in young adults . the findings are published in the journal of public health . 