richie benaud , the legendary commentator described as the ' godfather of cricket ' , has died at the age of 84 . the iconic broadcaster passed away peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife daphne and family . he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice on thursday . news of his death threw the cricket world and beyond into mourning as tributes flowed in to a man remembered for his wry sense of humour , expertise and for simply being a ' true gentleman ' . in recognition of his towering stature , prime minister tony abbott has offered his family a state funeral . scroll down for videos . ' godfather of cricket ' : legendary commentator and former australia captain richie benaud has died aged 84 . cricket commentator richie benaud has died aged 84 in a sydney hospice after battling skin cancer . respected : benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne ( above ) and family members . a veteran of 63 test matches , benaud played a key role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s . a veteran of 63 test matches , benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s and was one of the world 's most recognised commentators . in a broadcast career spanning more than five decades , he was instrumental in establishing one-day cricket on television . such was influence , his dry one-liners and impeccable delivery - including one simple word ' marvellous ' - were adopted as part of the australian lexicon . former australian spin bowler shane warne penned a heartfelt tribute on social media calling him the ' godfather of cricket ' . ' as a cricketer , commentator and as a person , you were the best there 's ever been , ' he wrote in a note to benaud . ' for me it was an honour and a privilege to call you a close friend and mentor . ' we had so many wonderful times together , talking cricket and in particular , our love and passion of leg spin bowling . former captain richie benaud stands by a sculpture of himself at the sydney cricket ground in 2008 . floral tributes have started to gather at the bronze statue of richie benaud at the sydney cricket ground . the flags at the sydney cricket ground were flying at half mast on friday following benaud 's death . as a player , benaud was a trailblazing all-rounder who took 248 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 63 tests while never losing a series in charge of his country . he enjoyed a remarkable test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964 . benaud scored three test centuries and once hit 11 sixes in a first class innings . after retiring , benaud became a commentary icon initially with the bbc in england and later in his native australia . in a broadcast career spanning more than five decades , he was instrumental in establishing one-day cricket on television . such was influence , his dry one-liners and impeccable delivery - including one simple word ' marvellous ' - were adopted as part of the australian lexicon . he was the mainstay in australian cricket television commentary until the past two summers - a car accident in 2013 sidelined him before he announced in november last year he had skin cancer . at the time of his death , benaud had witnessed - as both player and commentator - well over 500 test matches . benaud was born in penrith in western sydney in october 1930 . warne also thanked benaud for the support he gave to him as a young cricketer . ' richie , you were loved by everyone , not just the cricket family , you were the godfather of cricket and you will be missed by all . ' australian test captain michael clarke said benaud was a gentleman who played cricket in the right spirit . ' he was a great player and a great captain ; a wonderful leader of men and he continued that off the field , ' clarke told the nine network . ' our country has lost a national treasure , ' cricket australia chairman wally edwards said in a statement on friday . ' after don bradman , there has been no australian player more famous or more influential than richie benaud . ' ' he loved winning . he helped the australian team have the attitude where they wanted to win . he played the game the right way . ' there 's no doubt he 's certainly going to be missed . ' prime minister david cameron said : ' i grew up listening to richie benaud 's wonderful cricket commentary . like all fans of the sport , i will miss him very much . ' former australian fast bowler brett lee said : ' when richie walks into the channel nine box everyone stands up . ' when richie was on , you 'd see all the commentators listening in to see what richie had to say . ' a lot of children growing up know him as a commentator but he 's a great cricketer in his own right . ' australian prime minister tony abbott has offered richie benaud 's family a state funeral following his death . benaud was one of the world 's most recognised commentators having initially started with the bbc in england before anchoring the nine network 's cricket coverage in australia for decades . a veteran of 63 test matches , benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s and was one of the world 's most recognised commentators . benaud was the face and voice of cricket , much admired , much imitated , and in his later years a cult figure . former prime minister john howard greeted richie benaud at the sydney cricket ground back in 2001 . benaud and ex-hampshire cricket captain and tv presenter richie benaud pictured here at sophia gardens in cardiff during the first england v australia test match in 2009 . ' there would hardly be an australian over the last 40 years who has n't listened to richie benaud , ' he told abc radio on friday . ' he certainly will be very , very much missed . ' benaud had anchored the nine network 's cricket coverage in australia for decades . ' richie benaud 's passing has robbed us not only of a national treasure but a lovely man , ' nine network ceo david gyngell said in a statement . ' richie earned the profound and lasting respect of everyone across the world of cricket and beyond . first as an outstanding player and captain , then as an incomparable commentator and through it all , as a wonderful human being . ' the cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice on thursday . richie benaud married his wife daphne in july 1967 . at the time of his death in sydney overnight benaud had witnessed - as both player and commentator - well over 500 test matches . benaud was born in penrith in western sydney in october 1930 . he enjoyed a remarkable test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964 . benaud was the first player to score 2,000 test runs and take 200 test wickets yet was as much renowned for his captaincy - he never lost a test series as australian captain . after retiring , benaud became a commentary icon initially with the bbc in england and later in his native australia . he was the mainstay in australian cricket television commentary until the past two summers - a car accident in 2013 sidelined him before he announced in november last year he had skin cancer . as a player , benaud appeared in 63 test matches between 1951 and 1963 , becoming the first man from any nation to score 2000 test runs and take 200 test wickets . he enjoyed a remarkable test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964 . penrith-born benaud enjoyed a remarkable test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964 . ' when i was a kid we never ever wore a cap ... because keith miller never wore a cap , ' benaud said at the time . ' if i knew , when i was at school and playing in my early cricket days , the problems that would have come if i did n't do something about protection of the head and using sunscreens and all sorts of things like that , i 'd have played it differently . ' it 's one of those things in life : you live and learn as you go along . ' benaud did , however , manage to voice a touching tribute to phillip hughes , who died when struck by a bouncer last november , which was screened before australia 's test series against india last december . hundreds of admirers dressed up as the legendary commentator during the sydney ashes test of 2014 when benaud lay in hospital with complications from a serious car accident some months earlier . benaud was the mainstay in australian cricket television commentary with crowd members even dressing up as him as he became something of a cult figure in his later years . as a player , benaud appeared in 63 test matches between 1951 and 1963 , becoming the first man from any nation to score 2000 test runs and take 200 test wickets . his australian record test tally of 248 wickets has since been overtaken by many , most notably fellow legspinner shane warne , whose career tally of 708 was unimaginable in benaud 's day . benaud scored three test centuries and once hit 11 sixes in a first class innings . shane warne penned a heartfelt tribute to richie benaud on social media on friday . as captain he led australia to four consecutive series victories , beginning with a 4-0 demolition of peter may 's 1958-59 tourists ( benaud took 31 wickets in the five tests ) . he never lost a series as captain . the nine network will air a special on the life of cricketing great richie benaud on saturday night at 7pm . nine will screen richie benaud : a marvellous life 1930-2015 about the public , private and cricketing achievements of the former australian cricket captain and legendary commentator .