an investigation is underway after two passengers were allegedly seen making frequent visits to the cockpit during a ryanair flight from dublin to berlin schönefeld . two women , who were believed to be off-duty ryanair members of staff wearing their staff lanyards , were passengers on the plane and were not wearing their uniform . the irish aviation authority has decided to probe the incident , which took place on good friday , after fellow passengers on board expressed their concerns about the behaviour . the irish aviation authority are investigating after two female passengers were allowed in the cockpit of a ryanair flight mid-flight . speaking to independent.ie a passenger named bridget who was travelling on the flight spoke of how once the plane had taken off , two women were spotted coming out of the cockpit . ryanair has since confirmed there were a total of three off-duty workers on board the flight . the passenger also claimed she had seen the two women ' drinking in the airport ' before the flight out . she said : ' later , when the captain said ' we 're getting ready to descend ' , the two girls went back up . they were laughing and giggling and taking photos of each other . the actions of the two women in visiting the cockpit , who have since been revealed as off-duty ryanair staff , left fellow passengers on board concerned ( file photo , not actual cockpit ) . ' with things being so strict since the ( germanwings ) alps crash , i do n't think this should be allowed . ' a ryanair spokesperson told mailonline travel : ' we have investigated this matter . these were three ryanair employees travelling off duty . ' all three were wearing their ryanair id and were known to the flight crew . ' following the investigation the matter is now closed . ' a spokesperson for the irish aviation authority told mailonline travel : ' the iaa is currently investigating the incident in question . ' in general access to the cockpit is restricted to operational staff , including staff passengers , provided they are known to the commander . '