the owner of five horses rescued from rising flood waters during this week’s storm of a decade in new south wales has revealed the amazing lengths her brother-in-law went to over six terrifying hours to save her horses . steve spowart dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences amidst the floods . the animals’ owner , sonia sharrock , praised her ‘ absolutely amazing’ brother-in-law , for his incredible feat , saying ‘ i don’t know what i would have done without him and my sister’ . ‘ steve was cutting the wire , he had to dive right down into the deep water to cut it . it was really difficult and absolutely freezing , ’ ms sharrock told daily mail australia . ms sharrock watched in horror as her stud farm in woodberry , in maitland in the hunter region of new south wales - one of the worst affected areas by the storm – rapidly flooded . scroll down for video . stud farm owner sonia sharrock ( right ) looked relieved as she managed to save her horses from the nsw floods thanks to help from her brother-in-law steve spowart ( left ) and his surfboard . steve spowart paddled out to where the horses were stranded , with concentration etched on his face , before diving down into the freezing water to cut the barbed wire they were trapped in . the brown horse reared up after becoming caught in barbed wire , splashing and throwing steve back into the storm water . on tuesday morning the horses were just ankle deep in water ‘ but by 1pm it was up to their chest , ’ ms sharrock said . ‘ i was really stressed out and panicking that the water was coming up really fast and i was worried we were going to get caught up , ’ she said . in the incredible photos taken of the recue , mr spowart – a keen surfer – is seen paddling out into the deep storm water on his surfboard to free the horses . the moving images show the concentration on his face as he moves towards the animals and his concern as he struggles to lead them out of the deep murky water . steve spowart spent five hours helping to rescue the horses from the farm in maitland , nsw . his tough journey to save the animals was captured as he paddled past submerged trees and bushes . in one photo , a startled brown horse attempts to flee as mr spowart is kicked backwards into the water . ms sharrock , in a green jacket , is seen trying to calm the animal to coax it to follow them without any head collars or leads . ‘ the brown horse was my neighbours and he had got caught in barbed wire as he was trying to swim down to get to my horses , ’ ms sharrock explained . her horses live just 500m from her house , which is located on a hill , but it took six hours to bring them - and a cow - up to safety in her garden . ‘ the surfboard was his idea ; he wanted to do that to get in . the problem was the water covered the fences and the horses couldn’t see it so we had to cut them all back to get them out , ’ ms sharrock said . the brown horse stood off against the two rescuers , sonia sharrock and mr spowart , in fear of the terrifying floods . the man was helped by ms sharrock and her sister as he led two white and one chestnut horse out of the deep water . barefooted , steve looked more relieved as he held on tightly to one horse 's lead after emerging from the water . ms sharrock , in a green coat , talks to a chestnut horse as it follows her to safety out of the storm water . unlike mr spowart who was wearing a wetsuit , ms sharrock was a little less prepared and had just ankle length gum boots on her feet after suffering blisters from her full length boots the day before . ‘ we didn’t realise it was going to be as big as it was , it took us by surprise . normally the horses go on the mound and they are fine but this time we realised we’ve got to move them again , ’ she added . the flood water is now finally receding but it will be a few weeks before the horses can return to the fields . ‘it’s turned into a big mud pit , ’ ms sharrock explained . ‘i’m really grateful to my brother-in-law and sister in helping out , i wouldn’t have done it without them . ‘ the local community has been brilliant too , we had a guy from a pet produce store ask if he could donate food to us . everyone has been so good . ’ the white horse stands tall amidst the stormy skies in maitland , an area that has been hit especially hard by the storm . ' the surfboard was his idea ; he wanted to do that to get in , ' ms sharrock said . the incredible moment mr spowart walked out of the water as the rain continued to fall during the storm was photographed .