as expected , amir khan will fight manny pacquiao 's recent victim chris algieri in new york and has slammed kell brook for his recent comments . this confirmation sets up two successive big nights of televised boxing involving khan and his british rival brook . the bolton-born fighter takes on algieri at the barclays center in new york on friday , may 29 . amir khan will fight chris algieri in new york on may 29 at the barclays center in a televised bout . brook defends his world welterweight title against frankie gavin at london’s 02 arena on saturday , may 30 and sky sports are expected to screen both events . criticism followed initial speculation about khan’s opponent but he has hit back now by declaring algieri a much more significant challenge than gavin . scepticism about algieri was driven by the six knock-downs he suffered during a record points defeat by pacquiao in macau , china at the end of last year . the new yorker has fought some of the best boxers in the sport and most recently battled manny pacquiao . algieri is the reigning world light-welterweight but is taking on khan at full welterweight , as he did pacquiao . he won his title with a courageous victory over fearsome russian puncher ruslan provodnikov , getting off the canvas to earn rave reviews . khan says : ‘ how can kell knock algieri given the quality of men he has boxed , while there is no-one of note on gavin’s record ? ‘ algieri has shared the ring with some tremendous fighters . manny is a huge , very difficult fight for anyone but i know i’ll have to be at my best on the night . ’ kell brook is going to fight frankie gavin in the 02 arena but has repeatedly called out khan . algieri is native new yorker and will draw strong support to the center but khan says : ‘ i have good feelings about fighting again in new york , where i beat pauli malignaggi on my debut there . i look forward to being back there . ’ new york is also the home city of his wife faryal . khan has already been in camp with trainer virgil hunter in oakland , california for seven weeks . he will make a flying visit to las vegas on may 2 to watch pacquiao v floyd mayweather in the fight of the century , again hopeful of luring the winner into a mega-fight with himself .