my first trip to new york was with my aunt when i was about 18 and i had been appearing in coronation street for about 12 months . i can remember it all so clearly . we had a lot of fun together - we went to see the musical chicago on broadway and did lots and lots of shopping . we returned to the city that never sleeps in january 2001 , eight months before the terrible events of 9/11 , and one of the first things my boyfriend sylvain longchambon and i did on my latest trip was to visit the site of the world trade center to see the monument to those who died . it was a very poignant moment . coronation street star samia ghadie and boyfriend sylvain longchambon take a selfie in new york . there were hundreds of people visiting the memorial at the time but everybody was quiet and extremely respectful . sylvain and i flew to the us from manchester and spent four nights in the city . i love flying from manchester if i can , not just because it 's nearer to my home but because it 's not so vast and sprawling as either gatwick or heathrow . we stayed at the marriott where the service was fantastic - when we checked in the concierge desk wanted to know if they could help us to make bookings for shows or restaurants . and when we got to the room , we were met by a butler who immediately took away our shoes for shining - very impressive . you do n't get that at a travelodge ! we had a beautiful suite on the 31st floor , giving us panoramic views of central park . we valued the fact that the suite had a separate lounge area , and it came in really handy because during our stay sylvain 's cousin in new york celebrated his 30th birthday , so lots of people came back to our room for a glass of bubbly . we sipped champagne as we gazed out across manhattan - and the rovers return suddenly felt a very long way away . the jw marriott essex house as seen from central park , of which it boasts panoramic views . one of samia and sylvain 's first stops was to pay their respects to those lost on september 11 , 2001 . on the second night of our break , we went on the bateaux new york cruise , which offers an unforgettable three-hour trip along the hudson river . we enjoyed cocktails and then a great three-course meal , and after that there was music and dancing . you can go outside on deck where you have amazing views of manhattan . actually we only just made the cruise by the skin of our teeth . president obama was in new york to address the united nations and as we were in a taxi heading for the pier to board the cruise , we discovered that the police had closed a lot of the streets to let the president 's motorcade through . with the clock ticking and our yellow cab going nowhere , we decided to get out and find the nearest subway station . once our train reached its destination , we had to dash to get to the cruise boat , but fortunately we just made it on time . i 'm so glad we did because to see manhattan like that was an unforgettable experience . the couple , who met as partners on dancing on ice , enjoyed a bateaux new york cruise of the hudson . the bright lights and busy traffic of fifth avenue which samia covered extensively during her four-day trip . during our break , we saw most of the famous sights , including the statue of liberty , where we took some great pictures . we did n't manage to catch a show , though - we simply ran out of time . we wanted to have a juicy steak at a proper new york steakhouse . friends had told us about a place called burger joint in le parker meridien hotel - it does n't look very special ( in fact , there 's graffiti all over the walls outside ) but it 's reckoned to serve the best burgers in town . i have to agree they 're pretty special . it was sylvain 's first visit to new york and he absolutely loved it . he also enjoyed the shopping . we must have covered the whole of fifth avenue during our stay , and yes , purchases were made . i have to confess i bought a few dresses . the pound was very good value against the dollar at the time , so there were a lot of bargains to be had . i calculated that many things were half the price compared with the uk - so how could i resist ? while samia shopped at famed new york stores such as tiffany and co , sylvain worked out in the gym . for bargain shopping , samia recommends discount outlet store century 21 for lots of major brands . sylvain was n't always my shopping buddy . he chose to remain at the hotel a few times and work out at the gym . so while i was at tiffany 's he was on the running machine . a crowd of paparazzi turned out to be for lady gaga , but sadly a selfie with the pop star was n't an option . despite our world renown as an ice-dancing couple - we met while we were partners on the itv show dancing on ice - we managed to resist the lure of the rink at the rockefeller centre . for sylvain , ice skating is too much like work . i still skate from time to time and i have to say i 'm a lot better at it than i was on the programme . i think that 's because i 'm just doing it for fun now and there 's no pressure on me . if anybody is looking for good shopping , i can recommend bcbg - it 's great for dresses , and their prices are excellent . if you 're after big savings , head to century 21 , which is like an outlet store for lots of major brands . friends had told us about it before we travelled to new york . i 'm glad they did because the prices were so temptingly low . and of course i also made sure to visit the disney store to get presents for my little girl - we were loaded up with bags from there , much to her delight , when we returned to england . perhaps the biggest surprise of the trip was when we had stopped to have lunch at a small italian restaurant on central park near our hotel . while we were eating , we noticed a crowd gathering - with lots of paparazzi photographers . we were wondering who was going to emerge when out stepped lady gaga . it was the ultimate holiday treat - it was just a shame i could n't arrange a selfie with her . that would have been the icing on the cake . american sky ( 0843 636 2001 ) offers a three-night holiday to new york from £899pp . this includes accommodation in the jw marriott essex house new york on a room-only basis and return flights with british airways from heathrow . visit nycgo.com for more information . 