every weekend , sportsmail tallies up the match ratings handed out by our team of reporters to bring you the barclays premier league team of the day . eden hazard leads the way this weekend , having powered chelsea to a vital , narrow win against manchester united as they hunt down the premier league title . he is joined by two team-mates from jose mourinho 's champions-elect . craig gardner starred as tony pulis ' west bromwich albion side gave him a winning return to crystal palace , even despite the efforts of in-form palace winger yannick bolasie . everton claimed a win over struggling burnley , stoke city saw off southampton and leonardo ulloa scored to continue leicester city 's late surge against swansea city . goalkeeper . tom heaton 7.5 ( everton vs burnley ) . burnley might have lost at goodison park but goalkeeper tom heaton was in no way to blame , producing a string of saves to keep everton to just one goal in a narrow defeat . the performance was topped off with a penalty save from ross barkley and his showing bodes well for burnley 's hopes of a great escape . tom heaton produced a string of saves against everton and saved ross barkley 's penalty . defence . seamus coleman 7.5 ( everton vs burnley ) . seamus coleman was key to everton 's win over burnley , laying on the only goal of the game for kevin mirallas and helping to keep a clean sheet . and it was coleman who was fouled by ashley barnes to reduce burnley to 10 men on the stroke of half-time in an all-action showing . seamus coleman was key to everton 's win over burnley , laying on the only goal of the game on saturday . john terry 7 ( chelsea vs manchester united ) . defences across the country have found it impossible to cope with manchester united of late , but a john terry-marshalled chelsea kept them out to take another step towards the premier league title . the blues skipper bullied radamel falcao out of the game at stamford bridge and helped to limit united to just two shots on target . a john terry-marshalled chelsea kept outut manchester united to take another step towards the title . philipp wollscheid 7 ( stoke city vs southampton ) . a classy performance from the german centre back kept graziano pelle and dusan tadic quiet in a win over southampton . a newcomer to the premier league , philipp wollscheid revels in the physicality of english-style defending and he dominated in defence for stoke . philipp wollscheid revels in the physicality of english-style defending and he dominated in defence for stoke . luke shaw 7 ( chelsea vs manchester united ) . drafted in to replace daley blind , luke shaw proved to be manchester united 's most penetrative attacking threat in a game they dominated against chelsea . shaw was rarely tested defensively and took plenty of opportunities to go forward . his cutback should have seen wayne rooney open the scoring . luke shaw proved to be manchester united 's most penetrative attacking threat in a game they dominated . midfield . aaron lennon 8 ( everton vs burnley ) . enjoying his football and finding form again at everton , it was another good weekend for aaron lennon . the tottenham loanee won a penalty in a man-of-the-match display at goodison park . it was another good weekend for aaron lennon , who won a penalty for everton against burnley . craig gardner 7.5 ( crystal palace vs west bromwich albion ) . craig gardner 's beautiful 30-yard curler sealed victory for west brom away at one of the premier league 's in-form sides . his solid passing in midfield helped to put a stop to crystal palace 's free-flowing style as tony pulis enjoyed a winning return to selhurst park . craig gardner 's beautiful 30-yard curler sealed victory for west brom away at crystal palace on saturday . eden hazard 8.5 ( chelsea vs manchester united ) . made the difference in a big game again . eden hazard was a constant outlet for chelsea 's midfield and he slotted between david de gea’s legs for a decisive goal . hazard 's form seems to make him a nailed-on bet for the player of the year prizes come the end of the season . eden hazard was a constant outlet for chelsea and he slotted between david de gea’s legs for a goal . yannick bolasie 8 ( crystal palace vs west bromwich albion ) . yannick bolasie was not as successful this week as he was with his hat-trick against sunderland last time around , but still a threat to west brom with his pace and power . every attack for palace seemed to come down the left and he was denied a deserved goal when boaz myhill clawed away his bicycle kick . yannick bolasie was not as successful this week as he was last week but he was still a threat with his pace . forwards . leonardo ulloa 7 ( leicester city vs swansea city ) . leonardo ulloa 's first goal in the premier league since boxing day brought another victory in the fight for survival . only starting after david nugent was injured in the warm-up , he saw another effort land on the roof of the net , leading the line on a difficult afternoon for the hosts . leonardo ulloa 's first goal in the premier league since boxing day crowned a good line-leading performance . mame biram diouf 7 ( stoke city vs southampton ) . a second-half comeback for stoke was led by mame biram diouf , who slammed home an equaliser against southampton just after half-time . a genuine presence upfront and a constant thorn in the side of the usually excellent southampton defence . a second-half comeback for stoke was led by mame biram diouf , who slammed home the equaliser .