burying the dead along with a human sacrifice was common in ancient korea . but an unusual tomb dating to between the 5th and 6th century seems to hold the remains of two lovers , one of whom may have been killed so the pair could lie together for eternity . the skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from korea’s silla dynasty , leading some experts suggesting that the set-up could even have been designed to show two people having sex . an unusual tomb dating to between the 5th and 6th century seems to hold the remains of two lovers , one of whom may have been killed so the pair could lie together for eternity . here , the bones of the two people can be seen on top of one another , leading some experts to suggest the set-up was designed to imitate sex . archaeologists are almost certain that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman and believe that the man she is lying with may have been killed so he could be buried with her . the tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered last december in hwangnam-dong , a neighbourhood of gyeongju city in south korea , korea joongang daily reported . it was the capital of ancient silla for almost 1,000 years and is known for its intricate gold ornaments and buddhist temples . the remains of the two people , including leg bones and teeth , were found in the main chamber of the tomb and are thought to have died between the ages of 20 and 30 . experts believe the tomb was intended for the woman , because her body is carefully positioned to face the sky and she was buried with gold earrings , indicating her high status . a belt , beaded necklace and jade green jewels were also found with her skeleton . it is not known whether she died naturally or was killed . archaeologists are almost certain that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman and believe that the man she is lying with may have been killed so he could be buried with her . the position of the skeletons is shown above . it 's thought that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman , based on the positioning of her skeleton and objects found with her body , such as gold earrings ( pictured ) . in contrast , no precious possessions were found with the male body , leading experts to speculate that he was a human sacrifice and possibly , her lover . both the woman and the man in the tomb are estimated to be between the ages of 20 and 30 when they died , or were killed . the woman is thought to have been a noblewoman , based on the fact that her body was positioned on its back in the tomb , and she was buried with precious items such as gold earrings and jade . a sword and horse harness was discovered in another room of the tomb , indicating she was used to riding a horse and carrying a weapon , which was not unusual during the silla dynasty , which sometimes had women rulers . the man would have been the woman 's lover , servant or body guard and it is likely that he was killed to be buried with her . human sacrifices were buried in tombs at the time so they could act as guards in the afterlife . but when males were killed , they were usually placed at the feet of the person whom the tomb was intended for , or outside the main chamber , indicating that the man was of special interest to the noblewoman . the fact that the bones lie on top of each other have led experts to think that the couple were lovers . some even say that their bodies were positioned to make it look like they were having sex . in contrast , the man is believed to be a human sacrifice and his bones are positioned on top of hers . while male sacrifices were rare but not unheard of at the time , the set up in tomb is thought to be unique . silla history expert , professor lee han-sang of daejeon university , told the chosun ilbo : ‘ the man could have been a servant , bodyguard or lover’ . ‘ the discovery is important because it shows an unknown type of burial of the living with the dead in the silla period . ’ kim kwon-il , a researcher at the foundation of silla cultural heritage research , said : ‘ male sacrifices were often buried in the room where the artefacts were , as guards , so to speak , for the dead . ’ in the silla tomb , the position of the teeth indicate that the man and woman’s heads laid next to each other . the only bodies previously found in main chambers , show that human sacrifices were often positioned at the feet of the person whom the tomb was intended for . some historians believe that the couple were deliberately arranged to make it look as if they were having sex , yonhap news agency reported . the man’s thigh bones were found on top of the woman’s , indicating that they could have been locked in an embrace when they were buried . however , researchers at the foundation say that t 's more likely that the man may have been buried on a wooden frame above her body , which decayed over time , so his bones became mingled with hers . explicit clay dolls with large penises or breasts have previously been found and belong to the silla , supporting some claims that the burial could have been posed to look sexual . in another room of the tomb , artefacts including a sword , harness and pottery was recovered , indicating that the woman probably rode horses and carried a weapon . no artefacts linked to the man were found , reinforcing the belief he was a sacrifice . tombs from the early part of the silla dynasty are rare and just 24 are known to have been discovered . the tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered in hwangnam-dong ( shown on the map with a red marker ) , a neighbourhood of gyeongju city in south korea , last december .