a monkey that was thought to have died out more than 50 years ago has been discovered alive in the remote rain forests of the democratic republic of congo . primatologists working in ntokou-pikounda national park have captured the first ever picture of the bouvier 's red colobus monkey . their discovery proves that the primate - which was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens - is not extinct . scroll down for video . this is the first ever photograph of the bouvier 's red colobus monkey , which was thought to have been extinct . the image captured by researchers lieven devreese and gaël elie gnondo gobolo appears to show a mother with her young . researchers now hope to study the monkey in an attempt to learn more about it . a new species of monkey has been discovered after scientists learned to distinguish it by the appearance of its penis . the white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east tibet after researchers set up camera traps . the monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area . officially named macaca leucogenys , it earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face . dr pengfei fan , one of the researchers who discovered the new species and a biologist at dali university , yunnan , in china , said the new macaque had long been misidentified as another species . he said that due to the remoteness of the location in medog county of tibet , few biologists had been there . mr devreese said : ' our photos are the world 's first and confirm that the species is not extinct . ' no one knows anything about them . they live in an area where scientists rarely go , along the banks of a river a in a very inaccessible area . ' mr devreese spent three months , after setting off in february , searching the jungles of congo in an attempt to find the bouvier red colobus monkeys , or piliocolobus bouvieri . together with his congelese colleagues , he visited remote villages to ask locals if they had seen them and traced the locations of unconfirmed reports of sightings . a group of the monkeys were discovered living in the forests that sit along the bokiba river in the ntokou-pikounda national park . however , they found that the creatures appear to be extremely vulnerable to hunters involved in the commercial bushmeat trade in the area . red colobus monkeys are among the largest primates in the forests of congo and are prized by hunters . the animals are also poor at recognising threats , often believing they are safe in the trees . rather than fleeing , red colobus monkeys tend to look down at humans from the trees . the last unconfirmed sighting of a bouvier 's red colobus monkey was in the 1970s and they are mentioned in a book from 1949 as living in swamp forests aong the likouala and sangha rivers . in his attempt to rediscover the monkeys , mr devreese launched a crowdfunding campaign to raise funds for the expedition on indiegogo . a video is shown above . the bouvier 's red colobus monkey lives in stretches of jungle alongside rivers in the congo ( pictured above ) . the only previous examples of them had been collected more than 100 years ago . in his attempt to rediscover the monkeys , mr devreese launched a crowdfunding campaign to raise funds for the expedition on indiegogo . dr fiona maisels , from the wildlife conservation society , said : 'we’re very pleased indeed that lieven and gaël were able to achieve their objective of not only confirming that bouvier’s red colobus still exists , but also managing to get a very clear close-up picture of a mother and infant . ' thankfully , many of these colobus monkeys live in the recently gazetted national park and are protected from threats such as logging , agriculture , and roads , all of which can lead to increased hunting . ' james deutsch , vice president for conservation strategy at the wcs , added : ' confirmation that bouvier’s red colobus still thrives in the this area reminds us that there remain substantially intact wild places on earth , and should re-energize all of us to save them before it is too late . '