the champions league returned this week with eight teams vying for a place in the semi-finals . three of them are from spain and with madrid rivals real and atletico , squaring up on tuesday , the papers had plenty to go on . they focused on the derby clash , which ended 0-0 thanks to an inspiring display from atletico keeper jan oblak . marca 's front page on wednesday leads on atletico madrid goalkeeper jan oblak 's impressive display . real madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals atletico , while barcelona prepare for their european tie with psg . marca led with : ' the oblak wall ' , while as claim that real could have settled the tie in the first half , ' ... but oblak said no . ' the spanish papers were also quick to praise ' dazzling displays ' from raphael varane and arda turan , for real and atletico respectively , while noting that carlo ancelotti 's side failed to score on a fourth straight visit to the vicente calderon . as described the tie as still having everything to play for as the two sides head to the bernabeu on april 22 , but suspended marcelo and merio suarez will both miss the game . wednesday night sees the final spanish team take to the field , as barcelona face paris saint-germain in the french capital . as claim that real madrid could have settled the tie in the first half ... ' but oblak said no ' . the slovenian goalkeeper , who is not even his country 's no 1 , prepares to save a shot from gareth bale . marca note that barca face the only team to have beaten them in the champions league this season ; a group f match in which psg ran out 3-2 winners in september . neymar will start for barcelona , according to as , despite his reaction to being substituted against sevilla . the brazilian superstar was seen gesturing behind manager luis enrique 's back and appeared unhappy to have been taken off . enrique , though , says : ' i 've not seen the pictures from the pizjuan ( sevilla 's stadium ) ' . mundo deportivo claim that barca need to leave the ' silly things ' to one side in a decisive game . psg do not have zlatan ibrahimovic , thiago motta or marco verratti to call upon , but they do have ' david luiz and a dangerous attack . ' the italian papers focus on juventus ' important victory over monaco in their champions league quarter-final . arturo vidal took most of the plaudits from the press after scoring the only goal from the penalty spot . over in italy , wednesday 's newspapers are screaming the name of arturo vidal , who scored the only goal of the game to give juventus the advantage over opponents monaco . although the chilean took most of the plaudits , la gazzetta dello sport pay tribute to goalkeeper gianluigi buffon , labelling him ' the best on the pitch ' . the italian paper are honest in their assessment of the result , admitting that vidal 's goal came from a ' disputed penalty ' , and they call the win a ' precious result ' . elsewhere , corriere dello sport write of a ' stretched and difficult match ' while allegri , after the game , commented : ' see ? they are strong ... ' tuttosport lead with the headline ' ole vidal ' , with a picture of the chilean 's screaming celebration in front of the home fans . the next leg will take place next wednesday in monaco .