former chelsea defender paulo ferreira expects his compatriot jose mourinho to remain in charge at stamford bridge for ' a long , long time ' . the portuguese manager , 52 , is leading the blues towards their fourth barclays premier league title in his second stint at stamford bridge - two championships arrived during his original tenure . retired right-back ferreira , who followed mourinho from porto in 2004 before spending nine years in west london , believes his countryman 's desire to succeed with chelsea knows no bounds . jose mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third premier league title during two spells with chelsea . former defender paulo ferreira expects mourinho to stay at chelsea for a long , long time . he said : ' when you are at this club you want to win titles and for next season it will be the same . the motivation is to win trophies . ' he wants to succeed and do well , for how long i do not know . i think everyone at the club wants him to stay for a long , long time . ' i think everyone would like to see him in control for many years but in football , anything can happen . ' while mourinho remains the toast of sw6 and still has two years on his latest chelsea contract , another recently returned club favourite could be on his way out this summer . didier drogba has scored only three league goals since rejoining on a one-year contract last july , but ferreira hopes the ivorian striker , now 37 , gets to experience a 10th season with the blues . former portugal international ferreira would also like to see didier drogba extend his stay at stamford bridge . speaking on behalf of club sponsors gazprom , ferreira added : ' i would love to see him stay for another season but i do n't know what he wants or what the club wants from him . ' let 's see what happens at the end of the season . ' he has the motivation to keep winning and keep playing and i want to hear what happens at the end of the season . ' ferreira played for chelsea for nine years after following mourinho from porto in 2004 . ferreira has been kept busy representing chelsea as their european youth league ambassador but is also taking his coaching badges . the 36-year-old has not ruled out pursuing a role within the blues ' training set-up at cobham . he added : ' i 've just finished my ( uefa ) b licence so i need two more years to finish , i hope . ' at the moment i 'm just concentrating on finishing and then let 's see what happens . it 's just important to have it and then , who knows ? ' paulo ferreira was speaking on behalf of gazprom , the energy behind chelsea fc and a funding partner of the chelsea foundation pimlico premier league kicks programme .