andre blackman hides his face outside hammersmith magistrates court . a former celtic star tried to dodge performing unpaid work for shoplifting from harrods - after claiming it would disrupt his search for a new club . andre blackman , 24 , who now plays for doomed championship side blackpool fc , stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from the world famous store in knightsbridge . blackman , who has been told he is ‘ surplus to requirements’ by tangerines boss lee clark , described the offence as a ‘ moment of madness . ’ he was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work after hammersmith magistrates’ court was told he fled from the shop with the £1,225 jacket . he was arrested shortly afterwards and the jacket was recovered . blackman told deputy district judge samantha mace : ‘ it was just a moment of madness . it was not something that i intended to do , or something i do regularly . ‘i’m just absolutely speechless . ’ blackman told the judge his attempts to find a new club might be hindered if he was forced to carry out community work . he said the travelling to different clubs would be the biggest problem . explaining his situation , he said : ‘ i have got my current agent looking around on my behalf and there have been a few clubs that might be interested . ‘ and because we are closer to the end of the season they are just waiting to see whether they are going down or staying up . ’ ‘ once i do work for a club i would have to come back to the court and say that something has come up . ’ judge mace told blackman , who temporarily resides in a hotel in blackpool using the £125 living allowance he receives from the club , that he would be more than capable of carrying out unpaid work before the new season begins . blackman has already played for 11 clubs in his short career . blackpool defender blackman has played just three championship games for the tangerines this season . blackman has been told by blackpool boss lee clark that he is surplus to requirements at bloomfield road . he played for arsenal’s academy between 2001-06 , and tottenham hotspur’s between 2006-07 . blackman signed his first professional contract with bristol city in 2009 , making his debut in a league cup match against brentford in august 2009 , before playing for afc wimbledon , celtic , inverness caledonian thistle , plymouth argyle , dover , maidenhead , and most recently blackpool . he was awarded ‘ tackle of the year’ at celtic when he accidentally collided with manager neil lennon during a match , sending him crashing into the turf . judge mace told blackman his offending was at the ‘ lower end’ of the spectrum , and that 40 hours of unpaid work could be completed before september . she added that if the order really hinders him from finding a new club then he can apply to the court to be sentenced in another way . judge mace said ‘ because you haven’t been signed by a club just yet , you should be able to complete the hours before the new season , and if you really really can’t do it you can make an application to the court to deal with sentence in another way . ’ the judge ordering him to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work as part of a 12-month community order and to pay £85 in costs . ‘ as i have said , because the goods were of a high value , the fact you do have a similar conviction - albeit a long time ago - and the fact that you did try to run away from the shop before being apprehended by the police , this makes it serious enough to merit a community order . ‘ in the present circumstances i do think it’s appropriate for such an order to be made . ‘ it would be far more serious if you had not pleaded guilty at the first opportunity . ’ blackman , of edymion road , brixton , southwest london , must complete his community service by april next year . 