for those in the throes of their first year of parenthood , one woman knows exactly how tired you feel . illustrator lucy scott , from edinburgh , had her first baby in 2012 , and found that nothing could have prepared her for the roller coaster ride that ensued . she proceeded to capture every experience in a new book , doodle diary of a new mom : an illustrated journey through one mommy 's first year , which chronicles this emotional , often fraught time in a new parent 's life in a series of wry , honest illustrations . ' the joy of long car journeys ' : lucy scott 's doodle book honestly chronicles the difficult realities of the first year of parenthood . ' actual torture ' : the book looks at tricky situations such as breastfeeding and not being able to reach your phone to keep yourself entertained . edinburgh-born illustrator lucy scott created the book after she gave birth to her first child in 2012 . scott created the book after looking back at her own experience of the entire first year of being a parent . the ' doodle diary ' reassures all new parents that every hilarious , terrifying or disgusting occurrence is completely universal . the charming collection features 120 illustrations , capturing everything from a baby 's first lunch out , to a spot-on depiction of the constant sleep deprivation experienced . the book 's description explains that : ' despite [ scott 's ] extensive pre-baby research , nothing prepared her for the momentous task of caring for this new little person . ' one of scott 's hilarious doodles looks at the terrifying experience of having no choice but to breastfeed her baby in a public toilet . all of the doodles are captioned aptly and simply sum up the experience in a wry and relatable manner . one doodle describes the alarming experience of leaving the house and having to breastfeed in the only place available , which in this case , happens to be a grotty public toilet . another doodle hilariously shows the mother giving her newborn a brand-new cuddly toy , only to have the baby violently eject it from their arms . one sequence of illustrations shows a mother attempting ' sleep training ' by introducing a toy . the child reaches for the toy which encourages the mother , but once the mother gives it to him , he tosses it out of reach . one illustration shows a mother driving , with tears of panic streaming down her face . one hand is positioned on the steering wheel and another hand angles backwards , trying to comfort a wailing baby in a car seat . it is captioned : ' the joy of long car journeys . ' ' date night ' : another image depressingly shows a couple dressed to go out without their baby . however their exhaustion has led them to fall asleep on the sofa . another image is simply captioned : ' actual torture ' . the accompanying image shows a woman sat on a bed while she is breastfeeding , frustratingly attempting to reach her mobile phone to entertain herself . one hilarious doodle in the book simply shows the absolute exhaustion of parents in the first year after having their new baby . the image is captioned ' date night ' and shows the pair dressed up for an evening out , but instead , end up sleeping soundly on the sofa , having succumbed to the effects of sleep deprivation .