a night of violence gave way to a day of mourning sunday for a man who died after sustaining serious injuries while in the custody of baltimore police . over several hours on sunday afternoon , a steady stream of mourners filed into the vaughn green east funeral home for a wake for freddie gray , the 25-year-old black man who died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries . mourners passed by gray 's silk-draped , white coffin where he lay dressed in a white shirt , black pants , white sneakers and an all-white los angeles dodgers baseball cap . scroll down for video . memorial : the body of freddie gray lies inside his casket at vaughn greene funeral home , during his wake sunday , april 26 , 2015 in baltimore . gray died from spinal injuries about a week after he was arrested and transported in a police van . sharing their pain : mourners embrace as they wait in line outside the funeral home for the wake on sunday . making a statement : caira byrd holds a sign supporting freddie gray outside the funeral home where a wake was held in his honor on sunday . justice : earlier in the day , a pastor at gray 's family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man who died on april 19 while in police custody . above , more supporters outside of the funeral home on sunday . above the lid to the coffin was a floral arrangement and inside the lid was a pillow with a screen-printed picture of gray flanked by doves and the quote , ' peace , y'all ' at the bottom edge . mourners also gathered outside . some held up signs that read , ' we remember freddie ' and ' our hearts are with the gray family . ' melissa mcdonald , 36 , who said she was gray 's cousin , wore a shirt with ' freddie forever ' printed on the back . she described her cousin as a nonviolent person . ' he did n't deserve to die the way he did , ' she said . a number of mourners like tina covington , 46 , said they did n't know the family but came to express their condolences . covington said she has a son near freddie gray 's age . gray was detained on april 12 after he ran away from police . he asked for an inhaler as he screamed in pain during the arrest and requested medical attention , but was denied . gray , who was arrested for carrying a switchblade knife , died a week after the incident from a severed spine . ' it hits home . it really does . it 's a reality check , ' said covington , whose son is 27 . covington said that ' there is something going on in the police department that needs to change . ' gray 's funeral is planned for monday . at a church service earlier sunday , pastor jamal bryant told churchgoers , including members of gray 's family , at empowerment temple ame church that ' somebody is going to have to pay ' for gray 's death . bryant told churchgoers that if ' you 're black in america your life is always under threat . ' bryant also talked about the violence that erupted saturday night during what began as a peaceful demonstration attended by more than a thousand people . showing their support : baltimore residents dominick williams ( left ) and ricardo flood encourage passing cars to honk while standing in the middle of york road near vaughn greene funeral services on sunday . somber occasion : mourners stream into vaughn greene funeral services on sunday to pay their respects to gray . laying to rest : gray 's funeral will be held on monday . above , more mourners outside of his wake on sunday . saying goodbye : at the wake , gray 's family had the casket open so that mourners could see him one last time . some of the mourners who attended the wake on sunday did n't know gray personally , but felt personally impacted by his death wand wanted to pay their respects . no color : above , more mourners dressed in all black arrive at the funeral center on sunday . bracing for tears : one mourner holds a box of kleenex as he enters the funeral center on sunday . some 34 people were arrested , according to baltimore police department , and six police officers sustained minor injuries . j.m . giordano , a photo editor at baltimore 's city paper , said baltimore police beat him as he covered one of the protests in west baltimore . a video posted to the newspaper 's website sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking giordano as the person filming screams , ' he 's a photographer ! he 's press ! ' sait serkan gurbuz , a photographer with reuters , said police detained him as he was shooting photographs of the scuffle . he declined to comment further . a statement from reuters said police also cited gurbuz for failure to obey orders . ' we hope that the department will dismiss the citation and , going forward , respect the first amendment right of the press to lawfully take images in the public interest , ' reuters said . gray 's wake was held a day after protests in baltimore turned violent . above , a man is kicked as he attempts to get up after being knocked down , following a march to city hall on saturday . barricade : police stand in helmets near pratt street after a march to city hall for freddie gray , saturday , april 25 , 2015 in baltimore . roughly 1,200 protesters gathered at city hall on saturday afternoon , officials said , to protest gray 's death , which has prompted near-daily demonstrations since he died april 19 . gray was arrested one week before that when officers chased him through a west baltimore neighborhood and dragged him into a police van . however , a smaller group splintered off and looted a convenience store and smashed storefront windows . a protester tossed a flaming metal garbage can toward police officers in riot gear trying to push back the crowd . earlier , a group of protesters smashed windows of at least three police cars . rep. elijah cummings , a long-time congressman representing baltimore 's 7th district , told cbs ' ' face the nation ' on sunday that there is deep frustration over the case . ' mr . gray died a week ago . and i think the thing that upset so many people was the fact that here 's a young man . we still do n't know exactly why he was arrested , ' cummings said . ' we do know that he was hollering out for aid . he was not given aid after being arrested . ... a lot of people are very , very frustrated as to trying to figure out what happened here , and it 's very upsetting . ' on the march : demonstrators protest in the streets as they march for freddie gray to baltimore 's city hall , saturday , april 25 , 2015 . turning violent : a protestor reacts after breaking a restaurant window after a rally for freddie gray on saturday . shattered glass : a woman pleads with protestors to stop breaking restaurant windows after a rally for freddie gray , saturday , april 25 , 2015 , in baltimore . taken into custody : police carry a detained man to a waiting police van after a march to city hall for freddie gray , saturday , april 25 , 2015 in baltimore about 34 were arrested during the protests on saturday and early sunday . gathering at the ball game : protestors gather outside of oriole park at camden yards before a baseball game between the boston red sox and the baltimore orioles after a rally for freddie gray , saturday , april 25 , 2015 , in baltimore . police acknowledged friday that gray should have received medical attention at the spot where he was arrested — before he was put inside a police transport van handcuffed and without a seat belt , a violation of the police department 's policy . gray was arrested after he made eye contact with officers and ran away , police said . officers held him down , handcuffed him and loaded him into the van . while inside , he became irate and leg cuffs were put on him , police have said . gray asked for medical help several times , beginning before he was placed in the van . after a 30-minute ride that included three stops , paramedics were called . authorities have not explained how or when gray 's spine was injured .