chelsea have turned to the latest fitness technology to carry them over the line towards the premier league title following a relentless campaign . having led the chasing pack for most of the season , the blues are currently seven points clear with a game in hand over their closest rivals and seven games remaining ahead of the weekend 's visit of manchester united . despite their commanding position , jose mourinho 's side is leaving nothing to chance as players hit the gym following the announcement of a partnership with leading wellness solutions provider technogym - who have kitted out their cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment . kurt zouma ( left ) , nemanja matic ( top right ) and eden hazard ( bottom right ) work out at cobham . players including eden hazard and nemanja matic have been pictured being put through their paces while the stamford bridge club 's twitter account features a video of young defender kurt zouma working out at cobham . carlos lalin , chelsea assistant first team fitness coach and gym manager said ' technogym has a reputation for excellence in the design and manufacture of fitness equipment for elite athletes . ' as one of the leading clubs in the world , it is natural that we should work with the best . we are pleased with our choice and hope that this will help us to achieve even more in the coming years . ' new signing juan cuadrado ( left ) and cesar azpilicueta are all smiles at their new running machines . technogym has kitted out chelsea 's cobham training centre with the latest state-of-the-art equipment . player of the year nominee eden hazard trains hard in the gym ahead of manchester united 's visit . azpilicueta and branislav ivanovic take part in some leg stretching exercises using the new equipment . technogym 's founder and president nerio alessandri said , ' over the past 30 years , technogym has invested heavily in research and development work to create unsurpassed fitness equipment and technology that supports top athletes around the world . ' both chelsea fc and technogym share a strong dedication to performance – be it at the high-performance training centre in cobham , or in the creation of the most innovative fitness equipment in the market . ' we are proud to be selected as chelsea fc 's fitness equipment partner , and we look forward to working closely with its players to continuously help them achieve the best performance possible . ' blues defender matic uses weights and resistance training to get himself in shape for sunday . chelsea fitness coach carlos lalin has hailed the club 's partnership with technogym . zouma has broken into the first team this year and has been preferred to gary cahill in recent games . meanwhile , chelsea have had two players nominated for the pfa player of the year awards with diego costa and hazard competing with the likes of harry kane , david de gea , philippe coutinho and alexis sanchez for the accolade . hazard is hot favourite thanks to his consistently brilliant form , which has also seen the belgium international included in the shortlist for the young player of the year award . cesc fabregas celebrates scoring against qpr to open to maintain their lead at the top of the table . hazard ( left ) is hot favourite to pick up the pfa player of the year award for his inspiring displays .    