the large hadron collider was restarted today after being turned off for two years during a major renovation project that cost £100million . the world 's largest atom-smashing machine is most famous for proving the existence of the higgs boson - but scientists hope it will now unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe . physicists at cern , the geneva-based organisation which runs the lhc , are aiming to see dark matter for the first time ever thanks to the device 's upgrade . scroll down for video . back to work : the large hadron collider is operating again after two years being upgraded . the lhc is situated underground below the border between switzerland and france , and consists of nearly 17 miles of circular tunnels . it was shut down two years ago - after confirming the discovery of the higgs boson - so that its energy levels could be almost doubled , allowing scientists to carry out more extreme experiments . the re-opening was delayed by another couple of weeks thanks to a short circuit in the system , but this morning it started operating again at last . after two beams of particles were sent flying through the tunnels at a speed just slower than light , cern 's director general rolf heuer said : ' congratulations . thank you very much everyone ... now the hard work starts . ' workers - who were earlier given easter eggs by one of the centre 's bosses - cheered when it was confirmed that the machine was back in operation . ambition : scientists hope the machine will be able to detect and describe dark matter for the first time . the lhc , which cost nearly £4billion , is currently running at a low ' injection ' energy of 450 giga-electron volts ( gev ) , but in june it will increase to a record-breaking 13 tera-electron volts ( tev ) - up from 7 tev at the time it managed to detect the higgs boson in 2013 . british scientist peter higgs was awarded the nobel prize after the discovery of the particle , which he and others predicted would exist but which had never been seen until the construction of the lhc . when physicists study the dynamics of galaxies and the movement of stars , they are confronted with a mystery . if they only take visible matter into account , their equations simply do n't add up ; the elements that can be observed are not sufficient to explain the rotation of objects and the existing gravitational forces . there is something missing . from this they deduced that there must be an invisible kind of matter that does not interact with light but does , as a whole , interact by means of the gravitational force . called ' dark matter ' , this substance appears to make up at least 80 per cent of the matter in the known universe . now the physicists operating the machine have their sights on dark matter , the invisible , undetectable material that makes up 84 per cent of matter in the universe and binds galaxies together yet whose nature is unknown . if they are able to detect and describe dark matter , it will mark a huge leap forward in our understanding of the universe . cern spokesman arnaud marsollier said : ' the lhc will be running day and night . when we will get results we do n't know . what is important is that we will have collisions at energies we 've never had before . ' if something interesting appears in this new window we will see it . it might be two months from now or two years , we 're not able to say . ' it took 50 years to find the higgs boson and 20 years to build this machine , and it will be running at least until 2035 , so we can be patient . ' particles of protons , the ' hearts ' of atoms , travel round the lhc at just three metres per second below the speed of light . when experiments begin they will be smashed together in four giant detectors located around the beam ring , sparking the creation of new particles and hopefully opening up a new era in physics . the search for dark matter involves moving beyond the standard model , the all-encompassing theory describing the particles and forces of nature that has stood firm for the past 50 years . inside : the lhc consists of an enormous circular tunnel which is nearly 17 miles long . a ' new physics ' model of the universe called supersymmetry predicts that every known particle has a more massive partner - and one of these elusive supersymmetry particles might be the source of dark matter . professor jonathan butterworth , from university college london , said : ' it all seemed to go very well this morning . we 'll all be watching very excitedly to see what develops over the next few weeks . the lhc 's operating again for the first time in two years and that 's a really important milestone in physics . ' you can think of the lhc as the world 's greatest microscope looking into the heart of matter . at this higher energy level we do n't know what we 'll see - no-one has looked there before . ' it would be absolutely lovely to find a candidate for dark matter . that 's a fairly glaring hole in our theory . supersymmetry particles are a good candidate , but they 're not the only candidate . ' the fact that we do n't know what most of the universe is made of is really what drives me on . ' as well as dark matter , the team is hoping to discover more higgs bosons and other ' exotic particles ' which have never been detected before . they also believe they could uncover the existence of extra dimensions , which may explain why gravity is weaker than theoretical models would predict . and the lhc could cast light on antimatter , particles which are identical to normal matter but with the opposite charge . however , some have expressed concerns that the machine could be seriously unsafe , as its high-energy experiments create conditions similar to black holes which could have catastrophic consequences . professor andy parker , head of physics at cambridge university , said : ' this is a very exciting time for scientists as the large hadron collider restarts after a major upgrade . ' the current standard model explains the known particles and forces , and the discovery of the higgs completed that picture . but the standard model does not explain dark matter , which is believed to make up most of the universe , nor dark energy , a mysterious force driving the galaxies ever further apart . ' interestingly , the answers to these problems in cosmology might lie in the realm of sub-atomic physics studied at cern . the lhc might be able to produce dark matter particles for example , which would be glimpsed in the debris of collisions detected by the atlas and cms experiments . ' even more exciting is the possibility that the universe could have more than three space dimensions , and that other spaces are hidden all around us . ' and professor dave newbold , who heads the particle physics group at the university of bristol , added : ' the discovery of the higgs boson in 2012 was a huge breakthrough , but the real excitement starts now . ' the upgraded lhc will allow us to probe further than ever before , and to explore brand new scientific territory such as dark matter . '