a seven-year-old british boy has fallen 160ft to his death from a cliff in the alps after becoming separated from his family on a skiing holiday . carwyn scott-howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area , according to a source . the welsh schoolboy , who was formally named by police today , was holidaying in the french resort of flaine with his mother ceri , elder brother gerwyn , 19 , and nine-year-old sister antonia when the accident took place . a seven-year-old british boy has died after getting separated from his parents on a family skiing holiday in the french resort of flaine near geneva ( pictured above ) . he fell down a 160ft cliff after trying to find his parents . police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events , but they believe the little boy was killed instantly in the fall on friday after leaving the marked ski slope to look for his family . investigators are unsure how he came to be at the top of the steep 320ft-high cliff , which overshadows the lac de flaine . one theory is that he wandered away from a blue run to try to find his family , while there has also been speculation that he may have fallen off one of the ski resort 's lifts . his frantic family began searching for him at around 4pm . they scoured the piste and , increasingly worried , alerted the piste patrol who launched a search . at around 6pm search and rescue workers discovered his tracks in the snow leading through woodland up to the top of the cliff , where they found his abandoned skis . he was then spotted by rescuers in a helicopter , and they recovered his body at around 7.30pm from the bottom of the cliff . the area was described as a ' dangerous , out-of-bounds area ' by emergency services , who said rescuers had to be winched down from a helicopter to retrieve the body . the conditions in the french ski resort of flaine ( pictured ) were clear and sunny but it is believed the boy ventured off-piste while trying to find his parents . police found tracks in the snow which led to his body . michel ollagnon , an officer with the bonneville mountain rescue service , told reporters that the boy had been skiing with his mother , brother and sister , but he had asked to ski alone for his last descent of the day . he said the boy had then fallen off a rocky outcrop after apparently losing his way . police chief patrick poirot , the head of the mountain rescue division in annecy , added : ' his family were on the piste and then they could not see him . ' they looked for him but could n't see him anywhere on the piste . they went to the piste patrol and said : ' our child has disappeared ' and a search was started . ' at about 6pm some tracks were discovered in the snow . it was in a very dangerous , out-of-bounds area . the tracks led to the little boy 's skis . ' they were there in the snow at the top of a cliff . it was very dangerous . the piste patrol could not go down the cliff . so they called a helicopter but it could not land . they spotted the boy and rescuers were then winched down but the child was dead . it was now about 7.30pm . ' he added : ' hypothetically we think that the little boy did n't know where to go and skied in the wrong direction . he 's just seven years old . ' he left the marked ski slope and probably skied to the top of a cliff . he then stopped , removed his skis , walked a little way and then fell . ' he fell 50 metres . specialists are now at the scene to try and determine exactly what happened and understand every element that led to this tragedy . ' resort boss sylvain philippe , director of the societe du domaine skiable de flaine , said : ' the whole resort has been affected by the death of this young boy . we are thinking above all of his family . ' an enquiry into his death has started to find out the exact circumstances of what happened . unfortunately and sadly they confirmed that his body was found off piste in an area of the resort called aujon . ' he was very far from the piste , it 's not a skiable area . he was unfortunately found in the middle of the cliffs , everyone has been very affected by it . ' we 're working with the police and the family on this and we will be helping the family for as long as they need . ' carwyn 's mother ceri lives with her husband rhys in the brecon beacons where the pair run the award-winning coity bach farm near talybont-on-usk . the farm rents out its 'four-star gold award ' self-catering cottages to visitors and is well known for its prize-winning speciality sausages . david cameron was once pictured buying scotch eggs from the couple 's stand at an agricultural show in wales in july 2014 . on the coity bach website it tells how ex-nurse ceri and former butcher rhys bought the farm to live out their dream of growing their own food and living ' the good life ' . last night , relatives at the farm were too upset to speak , but a neighbour told of the village 's shock . ' it 's extremely sad – they are a loving family and he was a smashing lad , ' said one neighbour , who did not want to be named . they went on to say : ' i have n't even broken the news to my own children yet , it 's just too shocking . ' another added : ' ceri is a great mum and they 're well-loved in the village . we will all rally round her when they return from france . ' an assistant from ski set , a shop in the resort where the family had hired some of their equipment , said : ' they loved skiing . they said that they had been to lots of ski resorts before . ' they were a very nice family . the little boy seemed just happy to be on holiday . they had been on holiday for a week . he was good enough for a seven-year-old . he was n't a beginner . ' 