mark one up for the future of golf over its past and present as 21-year-old jordan spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th masters . for much of the day it looked as if he might have to share top billing with 34-year-old justin rose and 45-year-old ernie els , as the englishman and the south african posted scores of 67 to tie charley hoffman , an american representative of the rank and file . last man out jason day would join them in the evening shadows . but by then spieth had separated himself from the field to become the youngest first-round leader in masters history with a fabulous run of six birdies in seven holes before adding a wonderful flourish at the 18th , where he brushed in a 25-foot birdie putt . runner-up on his debut last year , he now owns a three-shot lead going into day two . jordan spieth sinks his birdie put on the 18th at augusta to take a three-shot lead into the second round . justin rose made the early running with an impressive five-under-par 67 . rose consoles gunn yang after the amateur finished his round on 13 over . most of the favoured names left augusta national feeling reasonably content , as rory mcilroy and defending champion bubba watson shot 71 , while dustin johnson and masters specialist phil mickelson opened with rounds of 70 . whether they will be feeling quite so content at falling so far behind such an awesome talent as the brilliant texan is another matter . spieth has barely been off a leader-board all year and there was no chance of him being off this one during this round where he hit flagsticks , holed putts from everywhere and enjoyed the requisite amount of fortune as well as a wayward drive at the 13th bounced off the georgia pines into the middle of the fairway . it meant when he stood on the par-five 15th tee he was eight under after a scarcely credible 10 single putts on these treacherous greens . at that moment anything seemed possible — even a 62 , thereby setting a new standard for scoring in the 155-year history of majors . only once all day did he act his age and it was here on this risk-reward par five , as he ran up a six . naturally , spieth was not about to get greedy . ‘ i made a mistake but a 64 , my first score in the sixties on this course , i have nothing to complain about , ’ he said . a packed crowd watch rose on the 10th green during the first round . rose and charley hoffman ( above ) made the early running at augusta with a 67 . south african ernie els rolled back the years with a superb 67 on thursday . rose in full bloom on day one is a sight as familiar as the glorious azaleas . in nine previous starts rose has led on three occasions after the first round . here he equalled his best masters score , recorded on the opening day in 2004 . that year he went on to hold the 36-hole lead as well , while in 2007 he was lying tied second going into the final round , eventually finishing tied fifth . add all those memories of good days here to the fact he’s now a proven major champion following his us open triumph in 2013 , and there must be the hope this will prove rather more than an excellent opening gambit . certainly that is how he is seeing it . ‘i’ve learned plenty from those previous occasions , like not getting ahead of yourself , ’ he said . ‘i’ve learned that the hard way and now i can’t see any reason why i shouldn’t keep executing the gameplan . you’ve got to believe in yourself , especially when you’re a major winner . ’ els used his ball-striking skills to get out of trouble on the 17th hole during the first round . rory mcilroy appeared relaxed as he walked down the ninth fairway with phil mickelson , right , mcilroy recovered from a shaky start to finish the first round on one-under-par . rose wasn’t the only englishman to prosper , as in-form paul casey shot 69 . ‘ i played with paul last week and he strikes me as a man with something to prove , ’ said rose . after greg norman , els might be the great hard-luck story when it comes to fabulous players who never quite got it done here . given how good he was at 25 , he represents a cautionary tale for those who believe it inevitable mcilroy will win the masters one day . els is still trying , at 45 , and what a joy to see one of the great ball-strikers roll back a decade or two rather than the years to post his five-under score . a wonderful eagle three at the 15th was followed by a superlative sand save from a buried lie at the 17th . only at the last was there a modicum of disappointment . two putts and it would have been his lowest score in 71 rounds at augusta . but he took three . mcilroy recovered from a nervously played front nine with some familiar augusta failings resurfacing as he failed to birdie either par five . two clunked chip shots at the third and sixth also betrayed a level of tension that illustrated fully the momentous nature of the achievement he is trying to complete in shooting for the career grand slam . american jordan spieth celebrates with his caddie michael greller on the 18th . defending champion bubba watson struggled to find his rhythm in opening round . tiger woods feels the heat with the world no 111 struggling to get under par during the opening round . woods reacts to a poor chip shot on the third hole as the pressure begins to tell . there were also two encouraging moments during that front nine , however , when he turned what would have been double bogeys in the past into mere bogeys . at the par-five second he drove into a hazard and was staring an ugly seven in the face for openers until he got down in two blows from 100 yards . at the sixth , his mis-hit chip came back down the steep slope but he didn’t panic . he decided to take his putter for the second attempt and got down in two . the value of limiting the damage was emphasised further when he notched his first birdie of the day at the next . on the back nine , it was more like it from the 25-year-old . over the front nine he had given up three shots on the par fives alone to playing partner mickelson , but here he got the two birdies on offer at the 13th and the 15th . ‘ i left myself in some awkward spots but i holed some good putts on the back nine , ’ he said . ‘ i was a little nervous on the front nine but mostly just too excited . it was a decent opener . ’ the day as a whole was a lot better than that . one to savour , in fact . 