a trespasser carrying a suspicious package jumped over the white house railings last night - the latest in a string of embarrassing security breaches to hit the us capital . the intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the president 's home at 10.25pm . brian leary of the united states secret service - the federal agency in charge of protecting the president - said the unnamed person was in custody in washington dc and charges were pending . he added that the intruder , whose gender or age has not been released , had been ' immediately ' apprehended by officers in the uniformed division of the secret service . scroll down for video . a member of the secret service uniformed division and his k-9 dog patrol the perimeter of the white house . the package was examined and ' deemed to be harmless ' , according to a report by cnn . it is not known what it contained or why the fence was climbed . the trespasser entered the south side of grounds , which face the national mall . last september , a knife-wielding man managed to scale the fence on the north side and get into white house itself via an unlocked door . that incident prompted a review of the building 's security . just last week us officials announced that temporary steel spikes may be put on the tips of the railings . the 8ft-tall fence is due to be replaced in the longer term with a permanent , more secure barrier , the details of which are still under discussion . security fears : the 8ft-tall railings surrounding the president 's residence are set to be replaced . security in washington dc in general has been the focus of much attention in recent months . last wednesday an illicit gyrocopter was able to land on the west lawn of the us capitol . its pilot doug hughes , a florida mail worker , said he was protesting against the way political campaigns are funded . he is currently under house arrest and faces up to four years in prison if he is found guilty of unlawfully operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national defence airspace . recent breach : a bomb-squad worker examines the gyrocopter that landed on the capitol lawn last week . house arrest : the gyrocopter 's pilot doug hughes . the 61-year-old told reporters outside his home : ' i had expected to be intercepted on the way . ' he said when he flew over the capital city , ' people were not frightened at all . that part of it was surreal . ' a full-scale security review in washington was launched in the wake of the breach . the city 's secret service is being investigated in a separate probe after two senior agents drove their car into a white house barrier on march 4 . mark connolly , who is second in command of barack obama’s security detail , and george ogilvie had allegedly been drinking when they crashed the government vehicle . they are subject to an internal investigation . earlier this month , a senior secret service supervisor was suspended over allegations of unwanted sexual advances toward a co-worker . and a uniformed division officer assigned to the foreign missions branch was recently charged with destroying property , according to nbc news . 