mariel hemingway was just 16 years old when she starred as woody allen 's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy ' manhattan ' . as the granddaughter of ernest hemingway , mariel was from one of the most famous and recognizable families in america . but despite her grandfather’s success , there was a dark side to her last name , which the now 53-year-old has recounted in two new novels , released tuesday . on top of the world : mariel hemingway , 53 , has her life in order and has written two revealing books about growing up in a family riddled with depression , alcoholism and suicides . independent : mariel hemingway , the granddaughter to literary legend ernest hemingway , had written a new book where she describes overcoming the legacy of mental illness , addiction , and suicide in her family . patterns of depression : her grandfather , ernest hemingway killed himself just months before mariel was born . out came the sun , aimed at adults , and invisible girl , written for teens , describes mariel’s journey of self-discovery and reveals the true stories of the tragedies and troubles of the hemingway family , which was plagued by mental illness , addiction and suicide . in both books , hemingway describes her childhood as chaotic . both of her parents ( her father , jack hemingway , is the son of hadley hemingway – ernest’s first wife ; her mother is byra louise hemingway ) were alcoholics , and she recalls their loud fights during which she played the peacemaker and tried to pick up the pieces . she writes about being woken up by yelling , the smashing of plates and wishing it was all a terrible dream . ' i thought all families threw bottles and would yell and scream like that . i did n't know , ' mariel told metro . she reveals that part of the reason she decided to write two books about her depression was to reach out to a younger audience that is n't normally served . ' my publisher said `` i think we should help young people . '' i was so excited because i 've always wanted to reach out to that age group , because that was when i was the most scared . that was when life made the least sense to me , ' she told yahoo news . mariel reveals in candid detail the story of her troubled childhood in a famous family haunted by depression , alcoholism , illness , and suicide . cursed chain : mariel with , from left , sisters muffet and margaux - once the world 's highest paid model - and their father jack . difficult childhood : since her documentary running from crazy premiered at the 2013 sundance film festival , hemingway said she has spent much of her time touring the country and telling her story . nightmare : mariel , pictured here at about 15 , says in her books her parents would drink , fight and then she would be left to clean up the mess each night . mariel was born in 1961 , just a few months after her grandfather , ernest hemingway , infamously killed himself with a double-barreled shotgun . the idealized life that the writer was selling to the world , mariel says , was a coverup for the truth of his self-dramatization and a chronic self-identity crisis , his alcoholism , and his attraction to war . ernest’s life started to fall apart when he learned his own father had shot himself in the head with a civil war revolver , according to mariel . but the family suicides did n't end there . over the years mariel 's family was said to be cursed . mariel 's elder sister , margaux , a beautiful fashion model and actress , also suffered from depression and in 1996 at the age of 42 , she died from an overdose of sedatives . mariel says that both margaux and another elder sister , joan were both sexually abused by their father jack , ernest 's son . however , says she escaped such sexual abuse . the rest of her family , she says , was riddled with alcoholism and arguing . seminal writer : mariel 's father jack had a strange relationship with his own father , ernest hemingway ( pictured ) , says the actress . massive blow : mariel 's ( pictured in cannes in 1979 ) success eclipsed that of margaux when she followed her sister into an acting career . sisters : mariel hemingway , 14 , with her sister margaux hemingway in new york in 1976 . she tragically took her own life 20 years later after suffering from depression . mission : mariel 's mission as a young girl was to escape the desperate cycles of severe mental health issues that had plagued generations of her family . here she is pictured in 1983 in the film star 80 . her younger sister , muffet , a heavy drug used in her teens , was schizophrenic , diagnosed with bipolar disorder and spent years in mental hospitals . as if that was n't enough , her mother had cancer ( and later died from a drug overdose ) and four other members of her family all committed suicide . it became mariel 's mission as a girl to escape the desperate cycles of severe mental health issues that had plagued generations of her family . it meant mariel , as the youngest member of her family , faced a painful struggle to stay sane . in 2013 mariel wrote a documentary two years ago called running from crazy . it was the first time she had begun to tell her story . she began to speak in front of groups and realized how very similar other people 's tales were to her own . ' we just have variations on a theme . we all have something that 's affected us in a way that 's made us sad or confused us as kids . i 'm starting to come to the realization that my purpose is to help other people be ok with the idea that we 're not perfect , we 're not all balanced , we 're not all happy , shiny people all the time , ' she told yahoo news . she found unusual ways to cope with the struggle and became ocd and obsessive about her food , schedule , and organization she reveals in her memoir . ' i have a family of addicts . everybody was addicted to something . when my mother got sick , i started to think that food had something to do with it . i became so obsessed with ways of eating — whether it was macrobiotic , vegan , fruitarian or drinking coffee all the time — such extremes . i turned it into a positive , but it took me a lot of years . i was obsessed because that was my addiction . that was what i did to deal with whatever i could n't handle emotionally , ' she says.. . partly to cope , mariel ventured into acting . ' part of why i liked making movies so much is that i would make families out of the whole set , ' she says . ' it was a way to avoid worrying about my own family . ' in the memoir she also talks about filming manhattan with woody allen . she says allen showed romantic interest in her which made her uncomfortable , according to fox news . may-december : in her new memoir , mariel hemingway says woody allen asked her to go to paris with her after filming ' manhattan ' in 1979 . she was just 16 years old when the film was shot - to allen 's 43 . above , a still from the film in which hemingway plays allen 's schoolgirl romance . adult themes : woody allen and mariel hemingway on the set of manhattan . at the time of filming , she had no idea how risque the material was and it was n't until she saw the finished film she became aware . after wrapping filming on the 1979 movie , mariel says then 43-year-old allen flew out to her parent 's home in idaho for a visit , during which he asked her to go to paris with him . ' our relationship was platonic , but i started to see that he had a kind of crush on me , though i dismissed it as the kind of thing that seemed to happen any time middle-aged men got around young women , ' mariel wrote . a teenager at the the time , she told her parents that she ' did n't know what the arrangement was going to be ' and ' was n't sure ' if she was going to have her own room . ' woody had n't said that . he had n't even hinted it , ' mariel remembers . ' but i wanted them to put their foot down . they did n't . they kept lightly encouraging me . ' on the up : marial hemingway has been romantically linked with former stuntman bobby williams , with whom she has co-authored several self-help books . these days , mariel practices yoga and is hoping her books on depression will help thousands with the condition . mariel recalls waking up in the middle of the night ' with the certain knowledge that i was an idiot ' . she then went to allen 's guest room , shook him awake and asked : ' i 'm not going to get my room am i ? ' while he fumbled to put on his glasses , hemingway made up her mind before he could even respond . ' i ca n't go to paris with you , ' she said . the next morning , allen ordered a private jet and left the family 's ranch . mariel picked up an academy award nomination for best supporting actress in the role . although the twisted legacy of her family will never quite leave mariel , in her two memoirs she is able to open up about her claustrophobic first marriage to steve crisman , her acting career , and turning to spiritual healers and charlatans for solace . now desperate to escape the cycles of severe mental health issues that have plagued the hemingways , mariel has remained strong and committed to a healthy life , learning how to overcome the family demons . mariel has two daughters , dree , a successful model and langley , an artist , and has found love with her partner , bobby williams .