family members and friends have been left heartbroken and baffled after an 18-year-old high school senior died suddenly on tuesday , just hours after feeling ill . madison small , from ashburn , virginia , left school early on monday and , after she woke up in the night with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital . by tuesday afternoon , her father , tim small , had contacted the broad run high school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . the virginia medical examiner 's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered , but no cause has yet been given . loss : madison small , pictured , passed away suddenly on tuesday morning after feeling ill on monday ; the virginia medical examiner is looking into the cause of her death but so far a diagnosis has not been given . mr small told wusa9 that the family has also not received a diagnosis for his daughter 's illness . he said she had seemed the picture of health over the weekend , when they played catch together . the medical examiner said it would likely take at least a week to determine what had killed her . her close friend devan rook told the washington post that she had thought nothing of it when her friend went to the school nurse on monday afternoon . ' did n't think anything was wrong with her , ' she said . ' in the middle of the night , she woke up complaining of headaches and stuff , and they took her to [ inova ] loudoun hospital and realized it was pretty serious . ' they could n't handle it there , so they medevac-ed her over to [ inova fairfax hospital ] . at that point , she was n't doing too well , and several of her organs were shutting down . ' public health and school district officials said they do not have reason to believe her illness poses a risk to other students , particularly because last week was spring break , wusa9 reported . loved : madison 's family said she was otherwise healthy when her health suddenly declined on monday . family : her father tim small , pictured center , spoke at a candle-lit vigil held for the teenager on tuesday evening . madison is pictured left with her older siblings and parents . on tuesday night , just hours after news of their her death , hundreds of friends , classmates and family gathered for a candle-lit vigil at the school . friends remembered small as a talented softball player who had happily mentored younger members of the team . she was also excited about starting virginia tech in the fall , they said . school principal dave spage , who broke the news to parents in an email on tuesday , said he thought there were as many as 400 or 500 people at the vigil , which he said ' speaks to her circle and her involvement here ' , nbc reported . madison 's father , who also has an older daughter and son with his wife , spoke to those who had gathered . ' life can be short , we found that out today , ' he said . ' make the most of it : love each other . do n't get bogged down in the little nitpicky crap . put that aside . life 's too short . ' remembered : hundreds of people gathered for a candle-lit vigil following madison 's death on tuesday . support : her varsity softball teammates wear their jerseys and line 2nd base as a tribute to madison . vigil : friends lit candles as they shared memories of the beloved 18-year-old on tuesday . memorial : classmates places flowers on madison 's desk after she was taken fatally ill . in a facebook post shared widely between madison 's friends online , she wrote a touching post in 2011 , quoting winnie the pooh . ' if there 's a tomorrow when we 're not together , there 's something you must always remember , ' she wrote , beneath a smiling photo of herself . ' you 're braver than you believe , stronger than you seem , and smarter than you think . but the most important thing is even if we 're apart , i 'll always be with you . ' counselors will be at the school to help students , spage said .