what better way to kick off the week you get married than by settling a pressing matter at work before you relax and prepare for the big day ? that is how andy murray may be feeling as he looks to face novak djokovic in the final of the miami open . the british no1 marries kim sears in dunblane on saturday and , win or lose on sunday , he will be heading straight to the airport to get back and focus on what lies ahead next weekend . andy murray reacts as he reaches the miami open final with a win over tomas berdych in the last four . he will face long-time rival novak djokovic in the final in miami on sunday . murray 's fiancee kim sears watches on in the heat in miami during his semi-final . he would dearly love to do so with the trophy in his luggage . for one , it would represent his biggest tournament win since taking the wimbledon title in 2013 , irrefutable proof that he is back towards his best . perhaps even more importantly it would end the growing dominance of djokovic over the scot — and everyone else for that matter . murray will need no reminding that he has lost nine out of his last 10 matches against the serb , so it is a huge task . even more remarkably , djokovic has won his past nine finals at these masters-level events , which are one tier down from the grand slams . murray allowed himself to get befuddled by the world no1’s histrionics in the australian open final , and then played a plain bad match when thrashed by him in their indian wells semi-final last month . the 27-year-old was in clinical form as he set up a final showdown with novak djokovic . murray reacts after winning the final point before shaking hands with berdych as he heads into the final . ‘ i learned more in the indian wells match from what i didn’t do , ’ said murray . ‘ the final in australia didn’t necessarily feel like it came down to the tennis or the tactics , but in indian wells there were a few things i did wrong . ’ top of that list was to lapse into his tendency to feel his way into the match , rather than come out firing on all cylinders . if murray does that again he will lose , but he plays well here and is hugely familiar with the heavier conditions , so this should be closer . he has also played all his matches during the day , which will help with the lunchtime start ( 6pm uk ) . his opponent , however , looked incredibly sharp in defusing john isner’s big serve in the semi-final and djokovic knows recent history is on his side . murray is set to marry his fiancee in dunblane next saturday . ‘ it can only serve as a positive , going in with the fact i won the last six matches we played against each other , especially the most recent one , ’ said djokovic . ‘ it gives me confidence and maybe a slight mental advantage . but we are talking about small margins , that’s always the case when we play each other . ’ one thing for sure is that the next big tournament when they face off , two players who have been rivals since before their teenage years will both be married men .