television personality and author bill nye ' the science guy ' joined president barack obama today for an earth day excursion , riding aboard air force one with the president during his visit to the florida everglades . nye held court with press making the trip before boarding the airliner , telling them , i love the smell of jet fuel , according to an account provided to white house reporters . the white house said tuesday that nye , who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for school children , ' bill nye the science guy , ' would make the trek today on its behalf to shoot a video of the president . on the road trip from joint base andrews in maryland to the florida swamp and back again , a 1,836 mile flight , nye will have ample opportunity to take a big whiff of the carbon being emitted from the president 's jet as it burns up more than 9,180 gallons of fuel . scroll down for videos . television personality and author bill nye ' the science guy ' joined president barack obama today for an earth day excursion , riding aboard air force one with the president during his visit to the florida everglades . nye held court with press before boarding the airliner , telling them that he loves the smell of jet fuel . global warming triumverate barack obama ( center ) bill nye ( left ) and neil degrasse tyson ( right ) shared a selfie moment in the blue room of the white house last year . off to save the planet : obama flew nearly 2,000 miles round-trip on earth day to the florida everglades and back . nye told press it was his first time on the president 's private jet , but he once rode af2 with former vice president al gore . and , while he was working as an engineer at boeing in 1978 , nye said he designed an anti-vibration tube for the horizontal stabilizer that is used in the company 's 747 planes , and likely af1 . in a tweet last night , nye said he was ' heading down to dc to catch an # earthday flight on air force one with president obama . ' we 're going to ' # actonclimate , ' he wrote . ' that said , the excitement , much like # climatechange , is real , ' he added in a follow-up tweet a minute later . the statements were met with puzzled responses . ' does n't jet travel leave a big carbon footprint ? ' user timothy grome wrote . ' hmm , seems ironic . does n't seem very climate friendly earth day , ' allison b. of galveston , texas , said . white house communications director jen psaki got some ' cool points ' today by posing for a selfie with nye . obama used the earth day trip to promote his administration 's commitment to cutting carbon pollution and preserving florida 's wetlands , taking a tour of everglades national park and giving a speech that was first cancelled this morning for the public because of heavy showers , then rescheduled . ' i can’t think of a better way to spend earth day than in one of our nation’s greatest natural treasures , the everglades , ' he told his audience , calling the swamp , which he acknowledged is not technically a swamp , ' magical . ' asked on monday if the president risks ' undermining ' his message on greenhouse gases by adding to emissions with his own travel , obama 's spokesman , josh earnest , said , ' no , he does n't ' and repeated the administration 's talking points on the harmful effects of carbon pollution . ' that is precisely the case that the president will be making at the everglades . and he’s looking forward to the trip , ' earnest concluded . he then directed the reporter , cbs news ' mark knoller , to the department of defense and the presidential airlift group for information on what the united states air force is doing to make the president 's travel more environmentally friendly . the white house 's official photographer , pete souza , posted this image to instagram today with the following caption : ' it 's @ billnye ( the science guy ) on marine one talking science on earth day with the president , interior secretary sally jewell and rep. debbie wasserman-schultz ' ' i can say as a general matter that the department of defense has acknowledged that climate change does pose a national security threat to the united states , ' earnest added . ' and there are a lot of practices that the department of defense has taken to try to reduce their carbon footprint . ' knoller , the unofficial historian of the modern white house , also frequently calculates how much fuel af1 guzzles up – including during today 's trip . florida 's republican governor rick scott lit into obama and congress in anticipation of the president 's visit . he accused them of not providing his state with what he believes to be appropriate financial resources to protect the everglades . ' our environment is too important to neglect and it’s time for the federal government to focus on real solutions and live up to their promises , ' he said in a statement . earnest mocked the gop executive in comments to cbs dc and noted that scott had ' outlawed employees in the state of florida from even uttering the word `` climate change . '' ' 'it’s a little rich for someone who has made that declaration that somehow the president has not been sufficiently committed to defending the everglades from the causes of climate change , ' he said .