the mystery hero who raced to the edge of a cliff and pulled a driver from his precariously-balanced car has been identified as a 29-year-old man who fled the scene to go to work . jason warnock was named as the hero who rescued 23-year-old mathew sitko after he crashed his car on wednesday morning , causing it to hang off a canyon cliff in lewiston , idaho . but after saving the man , warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene . a photo of the moment he pulled the panicked man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him . incredible rescue : jason warnock , 29 , has been identified as the man who saved matthew sitko , 23 , from his car as it dangled over a cliff on wednesday morning . he left shortly after pulling the man to safety . after he was named on thursday , he met with the lewiston police department for an interview and it emerged he had been working at the time of the crash and had to get back to his job . he told officers he had been traveling along a nearby road when he noticed debris in the road and the vehicle hanging near the edge of the cliff - so he jumped into action . he ran up to a pedestrian footbridge , climbed above the cliff face and then crossed an embankment to reach the vehicle . once there , he tried to break the window , but could n't . instead , he calmed sitko down and asked him to roll down the window , and he was then able to pull him out to safety . afterwards , he took off . ' he said he had to go , and he left , ' lewiston police officer eric olson said . driver : mathew sitko , 23 , of lewiston , idaho , is believed to have suffered from an emotional episode before he crashed his car on wednesday morning . he only suffered minor injuries and is recovering . thankful : he wrote on his facebook page on wednesday that he feels ' blessed ' for how his ordeal ended . police and paramedics arrived shortly after to assist the man . ' the lewiston police department would like to thank jason warnock for his quick and decisive actions in helping mr. sitko and preventing the situation from worsening , ' the department said . the crash occurred about 8am wednesday in lewiston , at a drop called bryden canyon . sitko had driven through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence . the fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with sitko still behind the wheel , police told the lewiston tribune . police previously said the incident was triggered when sitko had ' some sort of mental or emotional episode ' and he only suffered minor injuries . scene : sitko crashed while driving along the winding road before crashing through the property and dangling over the edge of the drop . warnock managed to reach him by climbing the pedestrian bridge , pictured . witnesses say sitko was driving erratically and swerved to miss another motorist when the crash occurred . it is unclear how far the canyon drop actually measured . not long after the crash sitko posted to his facebook page that he felt blessed . ' good morning everyone ! i am truly blessed by god today ! ! thank you god & jesus for taking care of me ! ! i love you ! ' he wrote on his facebook . sitko lists his job as working for moscow and lewiston landscaping .