this is the moment when an angry woman forced an elderly man to kneel in the street after he accidentally knocked her phone out of her hand . the video , filmed at an undisclosed location in china , sees the woman demand that the man pays compensation for her damaged phone as she slaps him in the middle of a busy road . despite the elderly man promising to pay her back once he has the means to do so , she continues to berate him in front of witnesses , the people 's daily online reports . scroll down for video . street attack : the shocking video was filmed after the elderly man knocked the woman 's phone out of her hand , causing the screen to break . the shocking exchange was filmed by a witness and it had since gone viral on chinese social media . the woman had allegedly been taking pictures of her children with her new iphone 6 plus when the old man passed through on his moped . he accidentally bumped into the woman’s shoulder and her phone fell on the ground , and the screen cracked , the newspaper reports . the woman demanded the old man to compensate for repairing her phone , which he promised to do , but adding that it would have to wait as he did not have the money there and then . ‘ the old man’s voice was trembling and he had tears in his eyes , ’ a witnesses said , describing how the woman called four friends to the scene . abuse : after being told that the man does not have the money to pay her back straight away , she is seen slapping him twice in the street . in the clip , the woman can be heard demanding that he pays her on the spot , despite his assurance that she will be compensated eventually . ‘ the young woman’s friends hit the old man’s hat constantly and discussed whether they should really hit him , ’the witness said . after a long verbal argument between the young woman and the old man , she is said to have demanded : ‘ kneel down for apology , then i will forget the money ! ’ the old man allegedly came off his moped , falling over as he kneeled down . ' his disability became apparent to the crowd but the young woman’s action became more infuriating , ' a witness said . ‘ the young lady just stood in front of the old man and slapped him twice . ' in the clip , the woman can be heard demanding that he pays her on the spot , despite his assurance that she will be compensated eventually . although no one called the police , the authority has investigated further after the clip went online . a user , posting under the username ‘ the girl who sells tea eggs’ , wrote : it was the old man’s fault that he bumped into the young woman but this is definitely not a reason to slap someone . ' the old man has to pay a compensation for sure but they could have called the police to settle the matter . if you stand in the old man’s shoes , you would be very angry as well . how can one compare the value of a phone and the old man’s dignity ? how can people be so cold-hearted ? the young woman has been called to report at the police station .