she 's a glamorous model making her name by spinning records in london 's party scene , but until she was 18 munroe bergdorf was a boy called ian . the beautiful dj , 27 , from east london , has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including illamasqua and boy london - made famous by megastar rihanna . but now she 's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens . scroll down for video . munroe bergdorf , the super sexy brunette as she looks now ( left ) and in 1999 when she was still a boy called ian ( right ) . transgender munroe has made a name for herself on london 's party scene and now spins the decks in some of the country 's most high end clubs . munroe said : ' i had always known growing up that i was supposed to be a woman , but i 'd always tried to hide it for fear of being different . ' i went to a very conservative all boys school that specialised in rugby - and i got picked on for being quite effeminate . ' but i remember being about 17 and wondering how different my life would be if i did n't care what people think . ' it was then that it suddenly hit me - it was time to start being true to myself , ' she said . ' i came out as gay to begin with at 15 and then i started dressing up as a woman and doing drag around three years later , ' said munroe . ' soon i started the slow process to transition into a woman , it was the best decision i 've ever made . now ( left ) and then ( right ) : munroe has transformed into a sexy beauty after growing up as a boy . ' i went to a very conservative all boys school that specialised in rugby - and i got picked on for being quite effeminate , ' she says . munroe ( pictured at a party last year ) began her transition at the age of 19 , and at 25 years old was offered hormones by her doctor . ' i 'm now a dj full time and i do some work within the fashion industry too , ' said munroe . ' i 've worked for calvin klein in their press office , designed a lip gloss for illamasqua , a make-up brand that i love , and i 've even designed capsule lines for boy london - rihanna has worn one of my pieces . ' i also do a bit of modelling from time to time . ' some people notice that i was once a boy , some people do n't - but i 'm happy to talk about it if they ask . ' munroe began living as a woman at the age of 18 and started taking drugs friends had been prescribed at 23 . it was only at 25 she was offered the hormones by her doctor . she said : ' i first started taking hormones that had been prescribed to my other trans friends . the dj explained : ' it was really exciting to start taking the hormones and see my body change ' . the stunning brunette ( left and right ) modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including illamasqua and boy london - made famous by rihanna . ' it is not something that i would recommend at all , but the process can take such a long time , and once you 've made the decision to become the person you really are , you just want to get on with it . ' it was really exciting to start taking the hormones and see my body change - and soon as i was given them by my doctor . ' it 's like going through puberty again so i got quite self-conscious about the way i looked and dressed , and i felt as though i started to think differently . ' ' i did n't really like explaining what was going on to people as i was doing this for myself , but friends and family were curious , ' she said . ' my mum found out what was going on when she noticed my chest growing - it was a shock at first but she 's very supportive . ' as soon as i noticed the change in myself it was like i was n't ashamed any more , ' she said . munroe has now been taking hormones for four years , and has embraced her new life . she said : ' when i left university i got involved in fashion and the pr industry . ' i 've had the opportunity of working with some incredible brands , designers and photographers , and i just love it . ' i 've done everything from club promotion , modelling , pr , and now i 'm a full time dj . ' i dj at major club nights and private members clubs in some of the most exclusive venues in london - i feel so lucky for everything that 's come my way , i would never take it for granted . ' i 'm still the same person i was before , i 'm just in the right body now . ' i look in the mirror and i feel like it 's me who 's looking back , rather than somebody i do n't recognise ' . munroe , pictured with her friend conor , says of her transition : ' it was the best decision i 've ever made ' . munroe and her friend stephano at london fashion week . the dj believes : ' i want people to know that it 's ok to be different , and that you should n't be scared of being the person you are ' . ' i look in the mirror and i feel like it 's me who 's looking back , rather than somebody i do n't recognise , ' says munroe . munroe now hopes her story will encourage other young transgender men and women to feel comfortable in their own skin . munroe said : ' i think it 's important that the world understands and respects transgender people and the rights that they deserve to have within society . ' i 'm so much happier now than i was growing up . ' i want people to know that it 's okay to be different , and that you should n't be scared of being the person you are . ' i talk quite openly now about what 's i 've been through and frequently speak publicly about trans rights and community issues . ' i think it 's important that the world understands and respects transgender people , the struggles that they face and the rights that they deserve . '