the father of one of three teenagers arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join islamic state fighters in syria works for the ministry of defence , it has been revealed . it is believed the man , from brent , northwest london , works in the military 's post office , where he could have had access to the names and address of all military personnel at home and overseas . he has been put on compassionate leave from his post , after the mod considered suspending him , a source has said . it is not clear where or at what level at the mod he worked . the father of one of three teenagers arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join islamic state fighters in syria works for the ministry of defence , it has been revealed . it is not clear where or at what level at the mod he worked , but it has post offices at raf northolt ( pictured ) . the times reports that he is one of the parents of the three boys , one aged 19 , and two aged 17 , who raised the alarm about their missing children . the mod declined to comment . last month it was revealed that the students were intercepted in turkey after their parents realised they had fled to join the terrorist group . they dialled 999 and british police quickly tipped off their turkish counterparts . officials swooped on the group within minutes of their flight touching down in istanbul . but instead of being praised for his actions , he was reportedly put on compassionate leave after first facing suspension , it has been claimed . last month it was revealed that the students were intercepted in turkey after their parents realised they had fled to join the terrorist group . they dialled 999 and british police quickly tipped off their turkish counterparts . officials swooped on the group within minutes of their flight touching down in istanbul ( file picture ) . the three teenagers were brought back to britain where they were questioned at a high-security london police station on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism , before being released on bail . investigators hope to discover how they planned to reach the war zone and why they decided to try to do so . more than 600 britons have fled the country for syria and iraq since the explosion of violence in the region began . more than 600 britons have fled the country for syria and iraq since the explosion of violence in the region began . they include 22 women and girls who have travelled in the past 12 months , many of whom wanted to become ‘ jihadi brides’ . is controls huge areas of the two countries and has attracted thousands of foreign fighters to its cause . turkey has faced criticism for not controlling its border with syria , but has accused european states of failing to prevent would-be jihadists from leaving in the first place .