actress julia louis-dreyfus has revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of hbo 's political comedy veep was inspired by none other than presidential candidate hillary clinton . speaking in the latest issue of marie claire 's career-oriented supplement @ work , the 54-year-old , who stars as fictional us president selina meyer in the hit comedy show , was quick to note the scrutiny the former senator and secretary of state has faced as a result of her varying hairstyles over the years , while also leaping to the politician 's defense . ' hillary clinton has gotten so much sh** for her hairstyles over the years , ' julia , who also features on the cover of the supplement , explained . ' which is remarkable when you consider what it is she does . ' scroll down for video . strictly business : julia louis-dreyfus covers marie claire 's career-oriented supplement @ work , which is featured in the may issue of the magazine . short and sweet : julia revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of hbo 's political comedy veep ( pictured ) was inspired by none other than presidential candidate hillary clinton . obsessed with her style : julia , pictured in an episode from the fourth season of veep , questioned why so many people have made such a fuss over hillary 's hair during the past few decades . ever since her husband bill was elected as us president for the first time in 1993 , hillary 's hair has been the subject of serious scrutiny , be it as a result of her choice of scrunchie , the length of her locks , or the shade of her hair . julia admitted that she is clueless as to why the presidential candidate 's hairstyle has been the focus of such intense interest , adding : ' hair , for some reason , is a really big deal . ' and it seems that maintaining her own lengthy locks was certainly a big deal to julia , who opted to wear a wig while filming the show , instead of chopping her own hair to mirror that of her character . when asked to weigh in on female politicians in general , julia noted that in her opinion , women in politics appear to be more open than their male counterparts . ' in my limited experience , i would say that female politicians can be a bit more forthcoming , open . i do n't mean they 're spilling the beans or saying things they should n't , but i do n't feel a guard in the same way , ' she said , adding , ' maybe it 's a female-to-female thing . ' sharp dresser : the 54-year-old actress dons a striped button down and a black pencil skirt in the work-inspired spread . as for her character on the show , julia explained to the magazine that selina is a ' straddler ' whose ideology revolves around getting 're-elected at all costs ' . but the actress has no problem playing an ' unlikable character ' . ' i do n't think we 're all so likable all the time , ' she explained . ' i include myself in that , and i do n't consider myself to be a bad person . ' in the fourth season of the hit show , which premiered on sunday , julia 's selina has been promoted from vice president to president after her boss surprisingly steps down . big group : the entire veep cast ( pictured ) came together earlier this month to celebrate the fourth season premiere of their hit political comedy . happy couple : julia 's husband , writer and director brad hall , showed his support for his wife at the event . and with her change in position , came a change in hair , which julia also discussed with page six , explaining that ' female politicians get a lot of c**p for their looks ' . 'there’s a lot of scrutiny about how female politicians present themselves , so i thought , let’s do something about that , ' she said . 'let’s cut her hair and see what happens , and if it does n't look good , that’s ok , and if it does look good , that’s ok . ' fans of former seinfeld star julia are also buzzing about her upcoming reunion with jerry seinfeld . on tuesday it was announced that she would be making an appearance on her former co-star 's crackle channel web series comedians in cars getting coffee .