a group of disabled manchester city supporters say they are ' disgusted ' with the club after they hiked prices of some season tickets by £345 to £975 . the 283 per cent rise , which comes after it emerged city were increasing the cost of some season tickets for able-bodied fans from £870 to £1,700 , has been strongly criticised by some of those affected . they claim the premier league champions are trying to force migration to other parts of the etihad stadium as part of a wide-ranging re-seating plan following a 6,000-seat extension which will see capacity rise to around 55,000 . manchester city have been accused of trying to relocate disabled fans by hiking up season ticket prices . the disabled bays subject to the huge increase are in the same section of the stadium as the season tickets that have risen from £870 to £1,700 - the prime pitchside second tier . city say that area has been transformed into a premium location , and that ticket holders will receive a programme , parking and access to executive bars - an offering they did not have this season . they add that they do not wish to discriminate and have to ensure they give the same offering to all supporters . but some of the disabled fans say the improved offering is useless to them and point out that they are in wheelchairs , and so will not have the benefit of an upgraded padded seat . the reigning premier league champions celebrate victory over west ham in their last game . mark barber is the secretary of the manchester city disabled supporters association who released a statement saying they were disgusted with club . he said : ' it affects users in the colin bell and east stands . they pay £345 at the moment and , depending on the level they sit on , have been told to renew it will cost £975 . ' that is just for the same wheelchair bay . the club are turning the areas where the affected bays are into premium level seating . they clearly want a certain kind of client there , business men and the like , who they can make money from . ' the etihad club have increased season tickets for many fans ahead of next season . mark , 49 and himself a wheelchair user , added that the only option for those who could not afford the giant hikes was to move behind the goal . ' there 's no option to sit at the side of the pitch which a lot of people want to do , ' he explained . ' they are forcing people into a certain area . ' we would like a halo of disabled bays around the ground as they have at wembley so you can choose where to go but they wo n't listen to us . there 's 134 of us and we are obviously not important . ' city point out that they have increased the number of disabled bays to 238 and have invested in improving facilities . they are also offering new headsets for blind and partially-sighted supporters and ' super risers ' which allow wheelchair users an elevated viewing position . 