a hat-trick of tries from teenage winger ash handley helped leeds to a handsome 41-16 win over reigning champions st helens that takes them six points clear at the top of super league . the 19-year-old handley got his big chance due to an injury to england winger tom briscoe and how he has seized it , with six tries in just six super league appearances . the rhinos simply oozed confidence on the back of their five-match winning run while saints looked fragile as the one-time leaders crashed to a fourth defeat in their last five matches . leeds veteran danny mcguire crossed for one of his side 's seven tries against st helens on friday night . leeds have now played every other team in super league and , with just one defeat in their opening 11 matches , will take some stopping as they eye a first league-leaders ' title for six years . handley 's first try came against the run of play as he plucked out of the air josh jones ' pass intended for debutant winger matty fleming of the air and sprinted 90 metres to the other end of the pitch . handling errors by mark flanagan and adam swift ensured saints remained on the back foot and they fell further behind on 15 minutes when hugely-impressive prop adam cuthbertson kept the ball alive on the last tackle and centre joel moon produced a delightful one-handed pass out of the back of his hands to get handley over again . stand-off liam sutclife , preferred to skipper kevin sinfield in leeds ' starting team , justified his selection with a superb break to create a try for full-back zak hardaker and his third conversion made it 18-0 in as many minutes . it got even better for the visitors when makeshift centre carl ablett split open the saints defence to get veteran half-back danny mcguire sprinting over from halfway for a fourth try and this time sinfield , starting as a substitute for the first time for nearly 12 years , added the goal . inspired by the never-say-die efforts of england hooker james roby , st helens produced their best spell of the match and pulled a try back in fortuitous circumstances when full-back tom makinson touched down jon wilkin 's kick when for all it looked like a knock-on and travis burns added the goal . that score suddenly brought the game to life but the rhinos struck a devastating blow to the champions deep into first-half stoppage time when a break out of defence by kallum watkins created the position for sutcliffe to gift-wrap a third try for handley courtesy of a pin-point kick to the corner . at 28-6 , it looked a hopeless task for the home side but the belated introduction of australian scrum-half luke walsh added a new dimension to their attack and , within four minutes of the restart , he produced a jinking run through the heart of the leeds defence to create a try for jordan turner . the champions were fired up by the score and props alex walmsley and mose masoe were both held up over the line as they sought to further close the gap . the pressure finally paid off on the hour when walsh 's high kick bounced kindly for turner to score his second try and burns ' second conversion cut the gap to 12 points . but the comeback was snuffed on 66 minutes when another cuthbertson offload caused havoc in the saints defence and sinfield sent sutcliffe on a jinking run to the line for the match-winning try . siinfield put over a drop goal and wrapped up the scoring by converting moon 's last-minute try .