flying gas stations that can refuel robotic military aircraft have come a step closer . the first ever mid-air refuelling of an unmanned aircraft was today successfully achieved by the navy 's x-47b drone . the salty dog 502 vehicle is one of two unmanned carrier air vehicle demonstrators ( ucas-d ) on the x-47b program . scroll down for video . the first mid-air refuelling of an unmanned aircraft was today successfully achieved by the navy 's x-47b drone . earlier today , the aircraft plugged its in-flight refuelling ( ifr ) probe into the hose of an omega air kc-707 tanker off the coast of maryland . earlier today , it plugged its in-flight refuelling ( ifr ) probe into the hose of an omega air kc-707 tanker off the coast of maryland . during the test , it trailed the omega air refuelling 707 tanker from a mile off before using optical sensors and a video camera to monitor its approach to within 20 feet ( six metres ) . depending on the weather , the aerial refuelling demonstrations are due to last throughout the weekend . the drone is about the size of an f/a-18 super hornet , weighs in at 44,000 lb ( 20,000kg ) and has a 62ft ( 20m ) wingspan . salty dog 502 is one of two unmanned carrier air vehicle demonstrators ( ucas-d ) on the x-47b program . the goal of each of the refuelling demonstrations is to transfer 3,000lbs of fuel in five minutes . but this is the final test of the historic x-47b , which will now be donated to museums despite , according to foxtrot alpha , only having 20 per cent of their flight hours used up . refuelling in flight is the last hurdle for the northrop grumman-built jet , claims to captain beau duarte , program manager of the navy 's unmanned carrier aviation . with a wingspan of 130 feet , the triton is wider than commercial airliners such as the boeing 737 . an airliner-sized navy surveillance drone made its first transcontinental flight in september , flying 11 hours across the us . the cross-country test was the first for the mq-4c triton , which will play a role in the navy 's planned broad area maritime surveillance program . the drone can provide blanket surveillance for the navy as part of the branch 's broad area maritime surveillance program . triton uses ' radar , infrared sensors and advanced cameras to provide full-motion video and photographs ' to navy personnel . northrop grumman says the unmanned aircraft also has a capacity to fly up to 28 hours at a time and surveil 1million square miles in a single mission . with a wingspan of 130 feet , the triton is wider than commercial airliners such as the boeing 737 . mid-air refuelling is difficult enough for human pilots , but the ability for drones to do it could eman they only ever have to land for equipment updates . the navy envisions the x-47b 's successors , the uclass drones , as making 24-7 patrols around aircraft carriers . ' we will have met all of the program 's mission objectives and will [ take ] those lessons learned , fold them into the uclass performance specification , ' duarte said . the x-47b drone is about the size of an f/a-18 super hornet , weighs in at 44,000 lb ( 20,000kg ) and has a 62ft ( 20m ) wingspan .