jessica silva has spoken about why she had to kill her abusive husband and revealed she hopes his family can one day forgive her for what she did . in a tense interview for 60 minutes , silva visits the home of james polkinghorne 's father to explain to him why she had to kill his son . michael usher , the veteran journalist who conducted the interview , has revealed her walked away from the experience ' totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people ' . he also admitted that despite all the revelations about his son 's abusive ways , mr polkinghorne could still not understand why his son was dead . scroll down for video . jessica silva reveals on 60 minutes that ' my head is just full , i ca n't live with it , i need forgiveness ' . jessica silva tells 60 minutes that if she had n't stabbed polkinghorne ' i would have been dead ' . on sunday night , jessica silva speaks publicly for the first time about the day , mother’s day 2012 , when she stabbed and killed her partner , the father of her young son . last month she walked free from court , despite being convicted of manslaughter , free to tell of the four years of horror and warning other women not to make the same mistakes . ' that was a very tense meeting ( with the father ) , very nervous , both sides very nervous , ' michael usher told daily mail australia . ' his family , his father , has had to deal with a lot of anger and hatred . ' he does n't understand why she had to kill his son , it 's only the start of a process , there is no neat ending at all . grace and avalino silva ( jessica’s parents ) . he revealed to michael usher that the ordeal had so destroyed jessica that ' i looked into my daughter 's eyes and i did n't recognise her ' . jessica silva admits she was living in fear and violence and she told no one . ' when her mum saw the red marks on her heck she said `` it was just a rash '' , it 's brutal and as bad a domestic violence as you could hear ' . ' during the interview she gets to the point where she reveals `` my head is just full , i ca n't live with it , i need forgiveness '' . ' i do n't know if there will ever be a neat ending . ' although the violence has stopped , the mental torment is still there , the absolute anguish of having killed the feather of her son , dealing with the family disconnect with her and their grandson , tragic . ' this one person and all of his anger and violence , the impact that he 's had it 's extraordinary , a lot of broken people who only just now are thinking about a future . ' the thing that made me stop was when she begins recalling the domestic violence she was suffering , it was one of those moments where it was so difficult to put yourself in her shoes . ' it had all the horrible hallmarks , `` you 're fat , you 're ugly '' , the belittling of her . ' and then how , this was a big guy , more than 100 kilos of muscle who would pick her up by one hand and throw her across the room . ' she was living in fear and violence and she told no one , when her mum saw the red marks on her heck she said `` it was just a rash '' . ' it 's brutal and as bad a domestic violence as you could hear , living in fear then and that she would be going to jail for a very long time . ' jessica tells her tragic tale of survival for the first time on 60 minutes this sunday night , a victim of the worst type of domestic abuse , suffering years of verbal and physical attacks by her partner , james polkinghorne . ' she tells it in a ridiculously raw , emotional but extremely clear way , she deeply regrets that she ever had to end up in that situation and that it came to that ' michael usher said of the jessica silva interview . jessica stabbed her boyfriend of four years , five times , after he arrived outside her marrickville home in sydney , fuelled on the drug ' ice ' , the trial judge heard . ' on that fateful night , jessica made a split-second decision to save herself and her family , ' according to the 60 minutes program . ' jessica opens up about her life with polkinghorne and recounts what happened the night that ended in his death . ' ' i did n't realise that she was going to be as raw as she still was , ' usher added . ' it is the first time she has spoken about it , aside from the police interview , about what happened that night and how she came to be arrested and charged with murder . ' she tells it in a ridiculously raw , emotional but extremely clear way . ' she deeply regrets that she ever had to end up in that situation and that it came to that . ' yes they got it down to manslaughter , the judge seemed very sympathetic , it was battered wife 's syndrome and she has post traumatic stress . ' she hates that she is in the situation , hates that it happened to her family and to his family , she 's on a quest . james polkinghorne was allegedly carrying this pipe on him when he went to jessica silva 's house on the night of his death . jessica silva was been found guilty of manslaughter after stabbing her partner james polkinghorne on mother 's day in 2012 and was given a 2-year suspended sentence . she admitted during the proceedings that ' i thought i could change him ' . ' she wants forgiveness in the family she finds it hard , it was a case of kill or be killed , she had no doubt that night that she would die . ' it was chilling when she described those moments . ' usher recalls how her own family found it hard to comprehend . ' her father tells how `` i looked into my daughters eyes and i did n't recognise her '' . while polkinghorne 's family is ' dealing with what their son had become ' . the young sydney woman who stabbed her abusive estranged partner to death on the street only escaped a jail term , after the judge found the killing was done in the most ' extreme circumstances ' . jessica stabbed her boyfriend of four years , five times after he arrived outside her marrickville home in sydney , fuelled on the drug ' ice ' . the 25-year-old domestic violence victim wept after justice clifton hoeben sentenced her to two years ' imprisonment . the prison term was suspended on the condition of good behaviour . silva pleaded not guilty to her partner 's murder on the basis of self-defence , but after five days of deliberation , a jury found her guilty of the lesser charge of manslaughter . michael usher revealed that jessica 's motivation to tell her story to 60 minutes was to ' send a warning to others , she did everything wrong , that she should have left at the very first sign of violence ' . in handing down his sentence , justice hoeben said he accepted silva 's comments that mr polkinghorne had been ' very abusive ' . ' i dealt with it for so long , i thought i could change him , ' silva had said . while he found silva did intend to cause mr polkinghorne grievous bodily harm when she stabbed him in his back and head , he said the situation was ' exceptional ' . ' the factual circumstances are most unusual with the steady build up of fear on the part of the offender arising from the escalating threats of violence emanating from the deceased . ' the offending was committed under extreme circumstances in the agony of the moment . ' during the course of her trial , silva repeatedly wept in court as the jury heard a series of abusive phone calls and texts sent by mr polkinghorne before his death . in one , mr polkinghorne threatened to ' cave her face in ' . another message , from the day he was stabbed , read : ' i hope your mother gets poisoned by the flowers that you give her and you get gang raped . ' mr polkinghorne , the court heard , had become increasingly aggressive due to his use of the drug ice . jessica stabbed her boyfriend of four years , five times after he arrived outside her marrickville home in sydney , fuelled on the drug ' ice ' . during the course of her trial , silva repeatedly wept in court as the jury heard a series of abusive phone calls and texts sent by mr polkinghorne before his death . the court heard that mr polkinghorne arrived outside ms silva 's family home on the day he was killed after sending threatening text messages to her phone , months after she had ended their relationship . ms silva said he then punched her and ripped her pants before she ran inside to retrieve a knife with which to defend herself , while he continued to argue with her brother and father outside . upon returning to the scene , she stabbed him in the shoulder , chest and back . before his death , during a phone conversation between silva and her brother miguel , she was heard saying : ' he reckons he 's gon na come and kill me , right now’ . when miguel tells her to call the cops , an increasingly distressed silva replies : ' why do you think i do n't tell them so he can bash me up all the f***ing time . i 'm sick of it ... and i do n't know what to f***ing do any more . ' ' is there anyone we can f***ing contact ... to get him killed or something ? ' she asks , later adding : ' do n't worry i 'll f***ing stab him myself ' . ' i walked away drained , i really did , ' usher said . ' i have seen a lot of emotion , a lot of events , but the raw emotion was so fragile still , it left me speechless . ' you 'll see there are incredibly long pauses as we give her time to talk , it left me drained , sometimes you can put yourself in people in their shoes , but not this time , it was horrific to hear . ' i 'm thinking that the amount of women who will watch this and know exactly what she is going through and went through . ' it 's a fact that the woman is usually the one who ends up dying . ' but she told it to send a warning to others , she did everything wrong , that she should have left at the very first sign of violence . ' see the full story on 60 minutes at 8.30pm on nine tonight .  