two of england’s most ambitious and well-resourced academies go head-to-head on monday night as manchester city play chelsea in the first leg of the fa youth cup final . both teams are packed with talented players eager to make an impression in front of the tv cameras and stake their claim for first-team involvement in the seasons to come . ahead of the match at city’s academy stadium we tell you everything you need to know . dominic solanke ( second right ) scores for chelsea against shakhtar donetsk in the uefa youth league final . what’s the occasion ? it’s the first leg of the fa youth cup final and it’ll take place at city’s 7,200-capacity academy stadium , in the shadow of the main etihad stadium and part of their £200m etihad campus that opened last year . the match kicks off at 7.45pm and will be shown live on itv4 . the second leg takes place next monday at stamford bridge . how did the teams get there ? city started their campaign with a 2-0 win over oxford united in the third round just before christmas , with goals from marcus wood and bersant celina sealing a comfortable win . jason wilcox’s team really had their shooting boots on in the fourth round , thrashing coventry city 8-2 . brandon barker was the star with three of them , while thierry ambrose ( 2 ) , pablo maffeo , javairo dilrosun and denzeil boadu also cashed in . man city 's thierry ambrose ( centre ) scores his second goal during the 8-2 victory over coventry . manchester city 's isaac buckley ricketts ( left ) celebrates scoring during the semi-final against leicester . it wasn’t as straightforward in the next round , with a solitary celina strike beating stoke city , but city were back to their free-scoring best in beating crewe alexandra 6-1 in the last eight . having fallen behind early on , city stormed back to win thanks to goals from aaron nemane , barker ( 2 ) , boadu , celina and ambrose . that set up a two-legged semi-final with leicester city and they were very keen to get the job done , winning the home first leg 3-0 . nemane ( 2 ) and boadu continued their scoring form . the second leg at the king power stadium was a formality and , having fallen behind to a second-half penalty , two goals in stoppage time from isaac buckley and barker sealed a 5-1 aggregate win . chelsea started their campaign at the beginning of december and were drawn away to leeds united . an izzy brown penalty and a late second from dominic solanke got the blues youth cup defence underway . huddersfield town were beaten 6-1 in the fourth round , with england under 18 star solanke scoring a hat-trick . tammy abraham grabbed two and kasey palmer rounded off an emphatic win . and joe edwards’ team went goal crazy again in the fifth round , beating swansea 6-0 . this time it was abraham scoring a treble and solanke adding two . palmer also got on the scoresheet . a tough trip to newcastle united followed but the blues finally prevailed in extra time with brown , solanke and abraham on the scoresheet in a 3-0 win at st james’ park . that set up a tasty semi-final tie with tottenham and all seemed lost when spurs took a 2-0 lead from the first leg at white hart lane . chelsea were to fall further behind in the second leg at stamford bridge but mounted an extraordinary fightback . izzy brown ( centre ) scores for cheslea against tottenham as they staged a thrilling comeback last month . goals from solanke and brown gave them hope before the break , before two in two minutes from solanke and charlie colkett just after turned the game on its head . a colkett penalty then put daylight between the teams as chelsea won a thrilling tie 5-4 on aggregate . youth cup pedigree . manchester city have twice lifted the fa youth cup - in 1986 and 2008 . the last of those saw them defeat chelsea 3-1 at the etihad after a 1-1 draw in london . slovakian vladimir weiss was the star performer . he went on to make just five first-team appearances for city and now plays , aged 25 , for lekhwiya in the qatari stars league . chelsea have made the competition their own in recent years and this is their fifth final in six seasons . their wins in 2010 , 2012 and 2014 added to earlier successes in 1960 and 1961 . what are they saying ? city coach jason wilcox : ‘ our job is to recruit local lads . if we can get a group of manchester-born lads into the first team then that 's the ideal scenario . to do that is going to be really difficult but that 's the challenge . we do n't want local lads playing for tottenham , arsenal or chelsea . it’s up to us to make sure that , via the scouting , we have at least the opportunity of showing them our programme . i’m convinced once they see us it’s very difficult to walk away from . ’ chelsea coach joe edwards : ‘ winning breeds confidence so to have a group of players coming back for this game who were crowned european champions last week [ when the under-19s won the uefa youth league ] is a massive plus for us . once you get a taste of winning , you want that feeling again and again . ’ players to watch . manchester city . brandon barker - speedy winger who has been on the books at city’s academy since the age of eight . the manchester-born teenager made a positive impression with 13 goals for the under 18s last season and has since progressed into patrick vieira’s elite development squad . has scored six time on the youth cup run and is an england under 19 international . brandon barker is an england under 19 international and scored 13 goals for city 's under 18s last season . thierry ambrose - capable of playing anywhere across the forward line , ambrose was signed from auxerre’s youth teams in 2013 . impressed in his first season with the under 18s , scoring 22 goals in 32 matches , enough to earn the parisian a place in the eds team . has scored three times during city’s youth cup run . ambrose ( centre ) scored 22 goals in 32 matches for city 's under 18s after signing from auxerre . aaron nemane - another who has scored three times during the youth cup run . right winger nemane made his debut for the city under 18 side at just 14 and made quite an impact by scoring twice . has played mainly in the under 18 team but did travel to croatia with the eds squad last pre-season . aaron nemane ( right ) made his debut for manchester city 's under 18 side aged just 14 . chelsea . dominic solanke - enjoying an extraordinary season and hoping to win the youth cup for the second successive season having scored two goals in the last five minutes to sink fulham last year . with 34 goals for chelsea this season , he inspired them to uefa youth league success a week ago having scored in every round . should he score in the final , he will also have scored in each round of the youth cup . england under 18 international . solanke ( left ) has been in prolific form for chelsea both at home and abroad this season . jay dasilva - earned rave reviews for his performances in the youth league , with ian wright suggesting he was already better than any left-back in the premier league . still only 16 , his mature performance have seen him already established in the under 21 team . jay dasilva has impressed for chelsea at left-back and is a regular for the under 21 team . charlie colkett - captain of the side and an important figure in the chelsea midfield . will set the tempo and drive the team forward with direct runs and intelligent passes . very impressive all season , especially on the continental stage . charle colkett ( right ) is captain of chelsea 's youth cup side and has impressed all season .