an urgent headcount has taken place at a thai temple that 's home to 147 tigers in the care of monks after a vet complained to authorities that three were missing . wat pha luang ta bua in thailand 's western kanchanaburi province - commonly known as ' the tiger temple ' - has long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to visit the monks and be photographed next to their huge feline pets . however , thai wildlife officials began a headcount on friday after allegations from a temple vet earlier this week who complained to police that three tigers had recently disappeared from the sanctuary , sparking fears they may have been sold on . scroll down for video . an urgent headcount has taken place at a thai temple that 's home to 147 tigers in the care of monks after a vet complained to authorities that three were missing . a thai buddhist monk fends off a playful attack from an asian tiger at the wat pa luangtabua temple . a buddhist monk plays with a tiger at wat pa luang ta bua . abbot phra bhusit khantitaro of the tiger temple with one of many tigers taken-in and raised there . a buddhist monk walks near three resting tigers at the tiger temple . the tigers were led out in groups of four and tied to a tree to allow officials to scan their microchips . cooling down : a buddhist monk sprays water onto a baby tiger at the tiger temple in thailand . volunteers walk with a tiger on a leash during a head count at wat pa luang ta bua . the authorities say the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them , sparking standoffs in recent weeks between officials and angry monks blocking their way . thailand 's department of national parks , wildlife and plant conservation ( dnp ) said earlier this week it planned to take the animals away on friday . but when officials arrived at the temple friday morning they contented themselves with counting the tigers , most of whom are microchipped , to ascertain how many there are in the sanctuary . a tiger has his chip implant read by tiger temple personnel during the head count . affection : a buddhist monk plays with two of the tigers at the temple . a buddhist monk relaxes as a tiger prowls around the grounds . ' we have come to check and scan the tigers to see whether the numbers match what we have or not , ' dnp official somsak poopet told afp , adding his department said they had been told there should be 147 tigers at the temple . asked whether the department would consider seizing the animals he replied : ' we have that idea but in our actions so far it has not reached that process yet . ' unlike previous visits , the monks did not object to officials entering the sanctuary , an afp photographer on the scene said . the tigers were led out in groups of four and tied to a tree to allow officials to scan their microchips . of the said 147 tigers , less than half were brought out to have their chips read . ' the tiger temple ' in western thailand has long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to be photographed next to the monks and their huge feline pets . a warden hugs a tiger at the tiger temple in kanchanaburi province , western thailand . thai wildlife officials have been threatening to seize the 147 tigers being kept by monks at the tiger temple . local animal rights groups have accused the temple of failing to properly look after the tigers . in february , wildlife officials said they conducted a raid and discovered dozens of hornbills , jackals and asian bears that were being kept at the sanctuary without the correct permits . ' i think a lot of the people here are very motivated , i think they really love the animals , but they 're doing it absolutely the wrong way , ' edwin wiek , founder of wildlife friends foundation thailand , which has campaigned to have the tigers removed , told afp . ' wildlife management , whether that 's in the wild or captivity , comes with a lot of knowledge , a lot of rules , a lot of dos and don'ts . and walking around with adult tigers like this , that could snap their mood at any time , is an accident waiting to happen , ' he added . temple authorities were unavailable for comment friday . but they insist they are a genuine conservation project and have previously denied allegations that they have failed to look after the animals or illegally traffic in them . tigers play in their enclosure before having their chip implants read . a tiger rests on the ground as another in the background has his chip implant read . tiger temple personnel walk tigers back to their enclosure after they had their chip implants read . walkies ! a monk takes one of the tame tigers for a stroll in the dusty grounds of the temple .