a mother whose twins were born so early they spent their first two months in intensive care has revealed she almost lost her son mason a second time after he contracted an extremely rare virus . lauren perry , 25 , had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy , and doctors feared the worst . her twins mason and chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks . lauren perry 's ( right ) son , mason ( pictured with sister chloe and dad mitch window ) , contracted a flesh-eating disease . but the parents ' fears for the lives of their newborns did not end there . eight months later when mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus . it perforated his bowel and ate tissue from his chest cavity . ' he had his colostomy when he was one-day-old so we had to wait until he was much older and bigger to have it removed , ' ms perry told daily mail australia . she was forced to deliver her twins via caesarean 10 weeks early after he water broke at 30 weeks . eight months later when mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus . after the surgery , mason ( pictured with his parents ) - who was eight months at the time - started going down hill pretty quickly . about a month ago , mason - who was eight months old - was admitted to lady cilento children 's hospital in brisbane to have his colostomy removed , in what his mother described as a ' pretty routine operation ' . after the surgery , the young boy went into recovery , but started to go downhill quickly . ' we were holding him and over a few hours he became really hot and had a fever , ' ms perry revealed . ' his vital signs were dropping and he was having trouble breathing . ' ' his stomach just tripled in size and had this red purple rash all over him , and as a mum you just know when something 's not right . ' fortunately , mason recovered from the virus . here he is seen with his scar after having his colostomy removed . ms perry said her son 's vital signs started dropping and he was having trouble breathing after the surgery . the infection had eaten all the tissue in mason 's chest and abdomen , leaving him fighting for his life . when the doctor who performed mason 's initial surgery came to check on the infant , he immediately rushed the baby back into theatre for an emergency procedure . ' it was a bug that pretty much just ate all the tissue in his chest and abdomen , ' the twins ' mother said . ' they said if we 'd waited another hour or two he would have definitely died , it attacks so quickly , ' ms perry added . mason had contracted necrotising fasciitis , a serious rapidly spreading infection that results in death of tissue . ' it can be fatal if symptoms go undetected - approximately 25 per cent of patients with necrotising fasciitis and more than 30 per cent with streptococcal toxic shock syndrome die , ' fionnagh dougan , chief executive of children 's health queensland , told daily mail australia . ' a combination of bacteria caused mason 's case of necrotising fasciitis . ' ms perry revealed after such a tough few months early on in chloe and mason 's life , she did not know what to expect when he fell ill again . thankfully mason is now doing better but his mum says he is not quite back to normal just yet . ms perry said her and her partner were simply grateful for all the moments they got to share with their twins . ms perry praised the work of doctors at lady cilento where her son was treated , describing their work as ' amazing ' . ms doughan echoed this . ' the speed at which lady cilento children 's hospital clinicians identified mason 's symptoms was paramount to his recover , ' ms doughan said . 'mason’s treatment included the rapid administration of intravenous broad spectrum antibiotics and surgical removal of dying tissue as required . ' we were delighted that mason responded quickly to the range of antibiotics prescribed to combat the bacteria . ' ms perry revealed after such a tough few months early on in chloe and mason 's life , she did not know what to expect when he fell ill again . when her waters broke at 23 weeks , the doctor 's prognosis was nothing short of grim . ' they said that normally when your waters break you go into labour within 24 hours and they said that would probably happen , ' ms perry said . ' they said they could n't resuscitate a baby that small ... so they said it would probably be best to wrap them up and keep them warm and cuddle them for as long as we can . ' luckily after a few hurdles , the twins were able to go home after eight weeks , but when mason got sick again she thought she may never get to take her little boy home for good . ' i honestly thought i would never get to take him home . i remember just collapsing on the floor with my dad and saying `` that 's my baby . what am i going to do if he dies ? '' ' ms perry said . thankfully mason is now doing better but his mum says he is not quite back to normal . ' i think the professor that operated that said he 's never seen something like what happened to mason and he 's lucky to be alive , ' ms perry said . ' he 's not himself , he does n't want to be put down , and he was starting to crawl and sit up but he ca n't do that . ' i think he still feels very vulnerable . ' but ms perry said her and her partner , mitch window , were simply grateful for all the moments they got to share with their twins . ' we do n't take anything for granted , ' she said .