haunting never-before-seen images showing captain scott 's doomed expedition team setting off on their ill-fated trek to the south pole have sold for a staggering £30,000 . the archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great british adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated terra nova expedition of 1912 . some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of scott and the polar party of edward wilson , lawrence oates , edger evans and henry bowers . scroll down for video . almost ready : the pictures show captain scott 's team preparing to depart on their ill-fated terra nova expedition of 1912 . the photographs were taken at the expedition base camp of cape evans on ross island . setting off : scott 's team pulling a sled as they depart from base camp . the unseen photographs of the antarctic expedition have been sold at auction for £36,000 to an unnamed buyer . the images also show the team of husky dogs used for part of the expedition . the two types of animal proved to be scott 's downfall as he got rid of the dogs on the final leg of the trek , wrongly believing they would not make the ascent of beardmore glacier . in the event , norwegian explorer roald amundsen beat scott to the pole by 34 days , largely because his team used dogs to haul their gear the entire way rather than use slower ponies . two of the men featured in the archive were dog handlers cecil meares and dimitri gerof . other pictures in the archive show the flimsy-looking pyramid tents that sheltered the men from the bone-chilling temperatures of -70f as well as them trekking in the snow . there are also general shots of the harsh landscape and ice shelves that only a handful of men had visited until that point . limited shelter : the archive illustrates the flimsy-looking pyramid tents that sheltered the men from the bone-chilling temperatures of -70f . treacherous conditions : the expedition team had to deal with constant gales which blew across the exposed ice shelf . the photographs were taken by one of the team , henry bowers . bowers ' pictures were taken under the direction of the official photographer herbert ponting . the pictures were part of the huge 1,700 image archive gathered by ponting , who trained bowers in the art of photography . the photographs were taken by bowers under the direction of the official photographer herbert ponting at the expedition base camp of cape evans on ross island . the pictures were part of the huge 1,700 image archive gathered by ponting , who trained bowers in the art of photography so he could take pictures during the ground-breaking trek to the pole . ponting brought the negatives back to england with him in preparation for scott to use for lecture and fundraising tours around the world upon his return . most of the images are owned by the scott polar research institute at cambridge university . these negatives were retained by ponting and were sold by his family to a private collector after his death in 1935 . some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of scott and his polar party . another captures the team of husky dogs . the two types of animal proved to be scott 's downfall as he got rid of the dogs on the final leg of the trek , wrongly believing they would n't make the ascent of beardmore glacier . official photographer herbert ponting brought the negatives back to england with him in preparation for scott to use for lecture and fundraising tours around the world upon his return . they had been in the family of the collector ever since and were sold by henry aldridge and son auctioneers of devizes , wiltshire , to an unnamed buyer . andrew aldridge , from the auctioneers , said : ' the negatives offer an incredible snapshot into one of the most famous british antarctic expeditions of the 20th century . ' they show the brutal nature of the environment these brave men went on to endure . ' the clarity of the images is truly remarkable and includes previously unseen elements including the polar party marching , pitching tents and them having lunch . ' the vast majority of ponting 's pictures are in the scott polar research unit . as far as we can tell most of these negatives have n't been published before . ' scott 's terra nova expedition arrived at cape evans on ross island in january 1911 . after seeing out the austral winter scott 's polar party of 16 men set off in the november 1911 to be the first people to reach the south pole . scott and his men made it to the south pole on january 17 , 1912 only to find norwegian explorer roald amundsen had beaten them . all five men perished on their return journey after enduring dreadful conditions . most of the images are owned by the scott polar research institute at cambridge university . they include general shots of the harsh landscape and ice shelves that only a handful of men had visited until that point . sold at auction : the negatives were retained by ponting and were sold by his family to a private collector after his death in 1935 . they have now been sold by an auctioneers to an unnamed buyer . the supporting party of 11 men returned as planned at various stages during the 800 mile trek , leaving scott , wilson , oates , evans and bowers to reach the pole . the men made it to the south pole on january 17 , 1912 only to find amundsen had beaten them to it . on their return journey , the five men endured dreadful conditions and suffered from a lack of food and frostbite . evans died on february 17 , 1912 and a flagging oates famously died on march 16 after walking out of the tent into a blizzard to give the remaining three a chance of survival . scott , wilson and bowers died in the tent on or about march 29 . their bodies were found eight months later by a rescue party .