there is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in australia , according to queensland health . however , medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies , children and pregnant women . it comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old riley who died after contracting whooping cough . his parents catherine and greg are now leading a campaign , urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease . the adult whooping cough vaccine will not be available in australia until july , according to abc news . however , although whooping cough is less severe in adults , infected adults do pose a serious risk for infants and children who are not vaccinated . scroll down for video . riley hughes died at just 32 days old after suffering complications arising from whooping cough . two days before riley died his mother posted a photo of him wrapped in a blanket in hospital . ' heartbreaking to watch 4 week old riley struggle , ' catherine hughes wrote as she urged people to get themselves immunised . riley 's father greg also posted a touching tribute on facebook to his ' darling little angel riley ' . ' the one product that is in short supply is not part of the formal national immunisation program , but is a booster dose that 's used generally by gps for adults , ' queensland health senior medical officer dr alun richards told abc news . ' we have sufficient stocks to vaccinate children as part of the school-based vaccination program . ' on march 15 , two days before baby riley died , his mother catherine posted a devastating photo of her son wrapped up in a blanket in his hospital bed urging people to get themselves and their children immunised against whooping cough . ' if you have n't been immunised against whooping cough ( pertussis ) please consider getting it done . ' heartbreaking to watch 4 week old riley struggle with it at ( perth 's princess margaret hospital ) . please keep him in your thoughts ! , ' she wrote . ' if you 're anti-immunisation/anti-logic/anti-duty of care to your society as a whole , then feel free to take a look at this picture of my son in hospital right now at 4 weeks old with whooping cough - and then come and tell me how you think immunisation is a bad thing , ' riley 's father greg added . dr richards could not confirm why the shortage has taken place but told abc that it is not abnormal . his mother catherine hughes posted a brave tribute to her baby boy and thanked perth 's princess margaret hospital for doing ' everything they could to save his little life ' . ' i do n't know whether it 's because of increased demand in the world or if it 's another issue , but there are vaccination shortages from time to time , ' he said . ' there are other preparations on the market [ and ] they 're not all in short supply . ' for people opting to be vaccinated against whooping cough , they may be deferred by their gp until more supplies are available . ' these people can return when supplies are again available , ' dr jeannette young told abc news . infectious diseases expert at anu medical school canberra , sanjaya senanayake , told daily mail australia : ' from my point of view immunisation is wonderful particularly for whooping cough . ' he explained infants are ' at a high risk of dying if they get infected ' and that the death rate from whooping cough in infants under 6 months of age is about 1 per cent . ' it 's important to listen to the experts , ' mr senanayake said . ' whooping cough is lethal in babies and in adults people can be absent from work for the persistent cough , it 's a nasty infection . ' whooping cough ( also known as ' pertussis ' ) is a highly contagious bacterial infection of the lungs and airways . the government health website says the disease is ' highly infectious and most serious in babies under the age of 12 months ' . babies are at greatest risk of infection until they can have at least two doses of the vaccine ( minimum 4 months old ) as the mother 's antibodies do not provide reliable protection . it 's very rare for children who have been immunised against whooping cough to get the disease – and if they do , it 's usually not as serious . symptoms . the condition usually begins with a persistent dry and irritating cough that progresses to intense bouts of coughing . these are followed by a distinctive ' whooping ' noise , which is how the condition gets its name . the early symptoms of whooping cough are often similar to those of a common cold and may include : these early symptoms of whooping cough can last for one to two weeks , before becoming more severe . the second stage of whooping cough is often called the paroxysmal stage and is characterised by intense bouts of coughing . each bout of coughing usually lasts between one and two minutes . infants younger than six months may not make the ' whoop ' sound after coughing , but they may start gagging or gasping , and may temporarily stop breathing . information supplied by healthdirect.gov.au . in 2013 , the department of health report said that despite a long-standing immunisation program , ' pertussis remains highly prevalent in australia and the least well controlled of all vaccine-preventable diseases ' . ' epidemics occur every 3 to 4 years . in unvaccinated populations , these outbreaks can be very large . in vaccinated populations , outbreaks are smaller , with greatly reduced mortality and morbidity , and may continue to occur every 3 to 4 years or be more widely spaced , ' the report said . the devastated parents have set up a facebook page that already has over 25,000 likes . 