hannah mcwhirter ( pictured ) engaged in the threesome with a co-worker and her husband but when her boyfriend found out said she was raped . a woman accused a married couple of rape after her boyfriend found out she had a threesome with them in a travelodge hotel room . hannah mcwhirter , 21 , of banff , aberdeenshire , engaged in the ménage a trois with co-worker dionne clark and her husband shaun in july 2013 . she even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself . but when mr clark told the john lewis department store worker 's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped . mcwhirter appeared at aberdeen sheriff court yesterday where she admitted wasting police time with false rape claims . fiscal depute elaine ward said the accused had become close friends with mrs clark , 29 , after starting work in the same shop in january 2013 . the court heard that over time mrs clark introduced mcwhirter to her husband shaun , 35 . mrs ward said : ' both mr and mrs clark and the accused spent a lot of time together socially and exchanged texts and other media messages on a daily basis . ' the nature of their relationship became more intimate and in june 2013 they discussed having a threesome and booking a hotel for that purpose . ' the court heard that on july 13 the three met up in a travelodge in aberdeen while mcwhirter 's boyfriend was on a night out , oblivious to what was going on . mrs ward said : ' on the following day the accused and mrs clark exchanged several text messages saying that they had enjoyed the previous night . ' the fiscal depute said mcwhirter and the clarks continued to meet socially and appeared ' happy ' in each other 's company . mcwhirter accused co-worker dionne clark and husband shaun ( pictured ) of rape following the threesome . the court heard the three met up in a travelodge in aberdeen while mcwhirter 's boyfriend was on a night out . but the relationship started to deteriorate after mcwhirter took a day to respond to a text from mrs clark about being admitted to hospital . bosses at their work later found out about the incident but mcwhirter denied that the threesome had happened during a meeting in september 2013 . the court heard that a month later things took a turn for the worst . mrs ward said : ' on october 11 , the accused 's boyfriend was standing outside her place of work when mr clark advised him of the threesome and showed him text messages from the accused . ' this later resulted in the accused being confronted by her boyfriend . ' she initially denied that the incident had taken place , then admitted it but said it was forced . ' the court heard their relationship ended and mcwhirter returned to live with her mother - continuing to claim that the clarks had raped her . mcwhirter has now admitted wasting police time and rendering mr and mrs clark ( pictured on their wedding day ) to suspicion under the sexual offences act between october 13 and november 14 2013 . police then began investigating her claims . mcwhirter claimed she had been on a night out with friends before bumping into mr and mrs clark . mrs ward said : ' she stated that at the end of the night she had to use the bathroom so went to their hotel room and then gave police details of a forcible rape . ' the clarks were interviewed under caution by police on october 16 . however mcwhirter 's friends did not back up her night out story . after further mobile phone analysis took place in november 2013 , mcwhirter admitted she had been a willing participant . yesterday she admitted wasting police time and rendering mr and mrs clark to suspicion under the sexual offences act between october 13 and november 14 , 2013 . sheriff graham buchanan deferred sentence until next month for the preparation of reports . mcwhirter , who was released on bail , wept as she left the dock yesterday .