the nsw state emergency service ( ses ) are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise , abusing people’s goodwill as nsw is ravaged by wild weather . the public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the nsw ses facebook page . ‘ the nsw ses does not request donations from the public , ’ nsw ses assure the public . ‘ we will never call and ask for money . ‘ if you are receiving calls of this nature , please be advised it is a scam . ’ the public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the nsw ses facebook page . nsw ses have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on monday , with flash flooding , trees down and power outages across the sydney , newcastle and hunter regions . a small white hatchback was crushed by a fallen tree in redfern in sydney 's inner city overnight . nsw ses have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on monday , with flash flooding , trees down and power outages across the sydney , newcastle and hunter regions . people have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money , condemning those responsible for trying to benefit from a crisis . ‘ we had a call today ! thought it was weird they had to call in the middle of the craziness ! ’ wrote melissa bateup . ‘ some idiot tried to do a door knock at mine ( this afternoon ) saying they were ses but with no docket book or collection tin , ’ claimed colin small . it 's not often you see a car parked up a tree , but this was the case in newcastle during the storm . winds of at least 100km/h lashed parts of the east coast , causing this tree to fall on a car in east gosford on nsw 's central coast on monday with a driver and passenger inside . they were treated for only minor injuries . ‘ his mate was hiding behind a tree . needless to say i didn’t give them anything and told them to get off my property . ’ ‘ it did seem odd that they would call so late and want me to use my credit card . thank you for the warning , ’ commented deanne overall . ‘ i got a call today and the girl wasn’t even near being professional about it and kept laughing nervously . it didn’t feel right , ’ agreed nicole amber . ‘ oh my god ! who are these absolute mongrels that take advantage of these sorts of situations ! ’ wrote belinda weston . buses and other traffic were stopped after a tree fell across a main road in surry hills in sydney 's inner city . a contingent of 22 act ses volunteers will travel to nsw on wednesday morning to assist with the severe weather effort . manly dam is dangerously close to full capacity as heavy rain continues to hammer down . a flood warning has been issued and nsw ses have warned that residents may be evacuated in some areas of sydney’s northern beaches , particularly near manly lagoon . an evacuation centre for manly residents has been set up at harbord diggers club . narrabeen residents have been advised that another centre is available at pittwater rsl at monva vale . nsw ses can be contacted on 132 500 and an infoline has been set up on 1800 227 228 . 000 should only be called for emergencies . in avalon on sydney 's northern beaches fallen trees and telegraph poles blocked roads and caused significant damage to property . a large eucalyptus tree crashes down near a house blocking the entrance at avalon beach in sydney . 