barry hawkins kept his nerve to clinch a final frame decider over matthew selt in the first round of the world snooker championship in sheffield . the 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on monday with a 7-2 overnight lead which he extended to 9-4 to move within one frame of victory . but selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row - including back-to-back centuries - before a cool clearance from hawkins saw him into the second round with a 10-9 win . barry hawkins celebrates after qualifying for the second round of the world snooker championship . hawkins kept his composure to win 10-9 after matthew selt 's impressive comeback at the crucible . selt won five frames in a row to launch a comeback , however he was unable to progress to the second round . hawkins said : ' i ca n't keep putting myself through that . there 's nothing worse than when someone is coming back at you like that and you can see your lead disappearing . ' you 're telling yourself it 's only one frame but you can see him growing in confidence and potting long balls so it is a horrible place to be . ' hawkins , who will play either mark allen or ryan day in the second round , is no stranger to crucible drama having fended off a famous comeback from dominic dale in last year 's quarter-finals . and the 35-year-old from kent believes his close call against selt will help give him the impetus he needs after a largely frustrating season by his own standards . hawkins added : ' it 's not been the best season but it 's partly my own fault because i had a bad attitude in the middle of the season and i was n't enjoying it . ' i 've played a lot of snooker over the last couple of years and i think i just got fed up with it and my attitude stunk , i suppose . ' but there 's nothing like getting kicked up the backside a few times and getting beaten to get the motivation back . ' former champion neil robertson wasted no time wrapping up victory over jamie jones to move into the last 16 . resuming like hawkins with a 7-2 overnight advantage , robertson did things the easy way with an opening break of 133 setting him up to reel off the three frames required for a 10-2 win . world number 10 stuart bingham trails robbie williams of the wirral 5-4 after the opening session of their first-round match . 