more than 70,000 people across the world have signed a petition demanding mcdonald 's remove spikes that deter the homeless from sleeping outside one of its restaurants . the fast food giant has caused fury after installing metal studs outside its branch in leeds city centre , which critics say are there to stop people sleeping rough . mcdonald 's has defended the use of the spikes , claiming they were installed two years ago in an attempt to stop anti-social behaviour , not target the homeless . uproar : a petition has been started to get the spikes removed from outside this leeds mcdonald 's and 70,000 have backed the campaign . but critics say they have been put in because they are uncomfortable to sleep on and installed on areas which used to be benches . isobella demartino set up the petition to have them removed and has received support from across the globe . row : critics say the spikes were installed to target the homeless but mcdonald 's say it is only about anti-social behaviour . 'anti-homeless spikes show complete disregard and lack of respect for homeless people who struggle every day , ' she said . ' spikes have been installed , presumably to prevent people sleeping there . ' the fact that the spikes exist shows how little people care about homeless people . ' she added : ' every time i 'm in leeds i see many ignore homeless people , not even bothering to smile at them let alone try to help them or give charity . i can not imagine how painful and lonely it must be to be homeless . ' they deserve our attention and care , this issue can not be ignored . ' a spokeswoman for mcdonald 's said : ' the studs in question are not an 'anti- homeless ' measure , as has been suggested . ' they have been in place for around two years and were introduced following discussions with the police , in response to issues we were experiencing with antisocial behaviour . ' we welcome all customers through our doors and it is inaccurate to suggest a measure taken in response to tackling antisocial behaviour , is an attempt to deter homeless people . '