it 's a dilemma many of us have faced - whether to call in sick to the office when you wake up feeling under the weather , or brave heading in and spreading your germs . however , for one man - whose company requires a sick note even for a single day off - he handed his bosses more than just the usual doctor 's letter . the unnamed worker , from alberta , canada , instead came armed with with a scathing note from his gp , giving the firm - believed to be pizza hut - a ticking off for its office policy ' wasting his time ' . a man said to be an employee of pizza hut shared his doctor 's sicknote with a friend , who posted it on reddit . a friend of the employee posted the letter on reddit under the title , ' my friends work requires a doctors note if you call in sick ' , and it has now be shared thousands of time online . clearly annoyed at having their time ' wasted ' writing sick notes for common colds , the unnamed canadian doctor opens the letter praising their patient for ' sensibly staying home from work ' . the gp writes that the patient , ' has had , by their own report , a cold today and sensibly stayed home from work rather than spreading this to his colleagues/customers . ' i have no test for the common cold and therefore believe him/her , however you feel his time and mine should be wasted by making him sit in the walk in clinic for hours and me spending time writing a sick note that i could be spending on people who genuinely need my attention . ' please reconsider your policy on this - there are surely better ways of wasting your tax dollars . ' the note posted on the social media site has had 4,340 comments and the poster , who goes by the name eaglel66 only reveals that the employee is a friend of his . employers sick policies vary around the world but this doctors ' note sparked a lively debate on reddit . commenters were outraged , with one posting : ' i 'm sorry , but any workplace that requires a note for sickness is ridiculous . we 're grown a** people . ' but some redditors defended the doctor 's note system . one commenter , dyakies wrote : ' i 'm a waitress and i have to provide a doctor 's note . i get people abuse the system but i 'm dealing with food and the public . ' although one , more cynical , person added : ' is your friend `` sick '' a lot ? i never required any documentation , until i noticed one of my guys has `` allergies '' mostly on mondays . ' on imgur , johnnietheshrubber wrote : ' does he also have to raise his hand to use the loo ? ' 