when jade and ross morley were told that their first baby , floyd-henry , had a rare form of dwarfism called achondroplasia , they made the decision that their son would be celebrated instead of pitied . the morleys , from casuarina on the north coast of nsw , released a video to explain floyd 's condition to their friends and family , in a bid to make their community a kinder place for their ' little legend ' . less than two years later , floyd is now a big brother to three-week-old twins , and his mum jade said that she knows the two newest additions to their family will be his biggest supporters . scroll down for video . jade and ross morley have welcomed twins into their family , making their son floyd-henry , who has achondroplasia dwarfism , a big brother . harrison stone morley and cleo téa morley were born at 37 weeks on march 20 , meaning the morley household now has three children under 20 months- a fact which jade said is ' crazy ' . ' it was pretty unexpected . we were utterly shocked when we found out we were having twins , ' jade told daily mail australia . the twins were born on march 20 this year . the morley 's are n't strangers to unexpected news , finding out when floyd was only five months old that he had a rare genetic condition which meant he did n't grow as quickly as other kids . ' when we had floyd we thought he was just a normal , happy baby . at about four months we noticed that he had really chubby arms and legs and knew something was n't right , ' jade said . ' even when our pediatrician ordered x-rays , we still did n't think anything was wrong . but when they came back with his notes on them , mentioning characteristics like short legs and low muscle tone , i googled them and dwarfism just jumped out at me from every page , ' she said . ' the day the pediatrician called to tell us floyd had achondroplasia was the day that changed it all . ' jade said that she and her husband ross were ' utterly devastated ' by the diagnosis , especially because the only information she could find about achondroplasia was quite negative . ' we could n't find anything that told us that we would be fine , that this was n't a death sentence and that we would n't be going through big surgeries , ' she said . while the couple were still grappling with the news , they decided to tell a few of their close friends about floyd 's achondroplasia . the morley household now has three children under 20 months- a fact which jade said is ' crazy ' . ' it was pretty unexpected . we were utterly shocked when we found out we were having twins , ' jade said . harrison stone morley and cleo téa morley were born at 37 weeks . the twins are healthy and feeding well and are much loved by their big brother floyd . ' when we told one of our friends , she gasped , she could n't believe it . i decided from that day i was going to educate my friends and family because i didn’t want them to be sorry for floyd , we wanted to celebrate him and have them be happy for us , ' jade said . ' i said to my husband that it would be a nice idea do a celebratory video about floyd and his diagnosis . i wanted to show that even though he would be a bit different that was it , i wanted to stop stares of the community because everyone would know him , ' she said . the video was posted to facebook and which explained how jade and ross met , fell in love , married , and had a ' beautiful baby boy ' . the clip explains that floyd-henry was diagnosed with achondroplasia , which means he will be ' a shorty- a little man , a little legend ' . ' we were just going to send it out in an email to our friends and family , so it was pretty nervewracking just putting it out there . some of our best friends did n't even know about floyd and we just threw it up on the internet , ' jade said . the video quickly went viral , and was shared and liked around the world , as well as used by dwarfism awareness websites as inspirational . ' the response was beautiful , no one said they were sorry , everyone said ' how wonderful ' , which is exactly what he is , ' jade said . ' what 's beautiful is that it 's really doing it 's job and educating our local community , which was the most important thing for me , ' she said . jade and ross posted a video to facebook to explain floyd 's achondroplasia . the video was posted to facebook and which explained how jade and ross met , fell in love , married , and had a ' beautiful baby boy ' . the clip explains that floyd 's achondroplasia means he will be ' a shorty- a little man , a little legend ' . ' it 's exactly what i hoped for . every day in the street someone will come up to me and say ' this is floyd ' , and they know who he is and we don’t have to explain that he is different . ' floyd is now a happy , healthy 20-month-old , who is very excited about having two new playmates around . ' he loves the twins , he 's fascinated with them . every morning when he wakes up he says ' mumma ' and then points to the cot where the twins are sleeping , ' jade said . ' floyd tries to talk to the ' bubbas ' and pats them on the head . he 's such a kind little boy which is all i care about , ' she said . the twins do n't carry the gene mutation that caused floyd 's mutation , and were n't genetically disposed as floyd 's condition was caused by a random rather than inherited syndrome . ' it happens in one in 40,000 babies , so they had just as much chance as getting it as anyone . we never even thought about it with them , and though we had scans right up until the birth because they were twins , we never even thought about testing them , ' jade said . jade said that she and ross are looking forward to their three kids being best friends , and to them loving each other well . ' i just hope they love each other and support each other . it 's how i grew up , my brother and sisters are everything to me and i want that for my children , ' she said . floyd is now a happy , healthy 20-month-old , who is very excited about having two new playmates around . achondroplasia affects one in every 40,000 babies and is nomally a random genetic mutation . ' cleo and harry will be floyd 's biggest supporters , beside me and ross . ' ' floyd is such a little dude , he is so cheeky and has the most beautiful soul . he is so funny and loves a bit of attention . we just ca n't get over his cuteness , he just stomps all over the house . ' jade said that floyd is an intelligent little boy who has a big future ahead of him . ' most of his demands come from his complications . he has low muscle tone which means he does n't have as much ability as other kids , ' she said . ' in two weeks he 's having an operation to put in his gromits [ hearing aids ] which we 're looking forward to because at the moment it would just sound to him like he 's underwater . ' the morley 's , who said they are n't very different from many other parents , are passionate about raising the profile of achondroplasia in australia . they use their tag line ' he 's small , that 's all ' in their approach to life with floyd , and are active in connecting with other parents with children who have differences . ' there are so many parents out there that are going through a similar experience , and i think that 's why people relate to us , ' jade said . ' when you have a child that 's a little different , you enter a world of really accepting and understanding parents , ' she said . jade said that she and ross are looking forward to their three kids being best friends . jade said that she knows the two newest additions to their family will be his biggest supporters . we were utterly shocked when we found out we were having twins , ' jade said . jade said that she feels that both she and ross are better people because of their experience , and that they both ' just want to meet people who are different ' all the more . ' we did n't know anything about floyd 's condition when he was diagnosed and i remember thinking that people are n't treating those with it very well , ' she said . ' i remember very clearly one night deciding that if this is what he has , i was going to educate the entire world . his world is going to be a kind world and the only way that is going to happen is if we get something out there . ' jade said that what she is most passionate about is encouraging children who are curious about floyd to come over and ask about his achondroplasia . ' i would prefer a kid who is staring to be encouraged by their parents to come over and ask ' how come he is littler ? ' than just stare and have their parent tell them to stop looking , or shush them , ' she said . ' i want to spark conversations and have kids talk about it . then i can tell them that floyd is just like you or me but small . '