stephanie scott has been remembered as a ' beautiful friend ' who brought laughter to her loved ones , in a touching funeral service on wednesday . hundreds of people gathered at eat your greens , just outside eugowra in nsw 's central west , to pay their respects to the beloved teacher who was allegedly murdered on easter sunday , just days before her wedding . among the mourners were her fiance and partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley , who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt , her mother merrilyn , father robert , and her siblings . scroll down for video . stephanie scott 's fiance aaron leeson-woolley was sitting between ms scott 's parents merrilyn and robert , wearing a yellow flower pinned to his shirt . the teacher 's mother and father are pictured here , remembering their daughter 's life and how much laughter she had brought to them . hundreds of yellow balloons were released by those attending stephanie scott 's funeral in central-west nsw on wednesday . the funeral for the murdered leeton school teacher was held in eugowra , where hundreds gathered to farewell the teacher . her sister , kim , shared humorous childhood memories of ms scott with the crowd and painted a picture of someone with a strong sense of who she was . ' steph never cared what anyone thought of her , ' kim said . ' she had an easy way about her that meant she could get along with anyone . ' leeton shire mayor paul maytom said ms scott 's mother spoke about her daughter 's life and what a big part of the family she was . ' she brought laughter to the family [ by playing tricks and telling jokes ] , ' he said . one of the beloved teacher 's students , leeton high school vice captain grace green , said ms scott - an english and drama teacher - was an inspiration to her students . grace , who had been taught by the 26-year-old since year 8 , said she enjoyed her excursions with her teacher , remembering ' fish and chips at circular quay ' fondly . ms scott 's fiance , aaron leeson-woolley ( pictured ) later took his place as pall bearer . friends and family wore a touch of yellow to remember ms scott , here parents are awaiting the pall bearers . ms scott 's coffin was carried to the hearse before it pulled away from the venue she was supposed to get married at . police escorted the young teacher as her casket left the venue . ' ms scott always knew how to brighten a day , ' she said . the ceremony ended with mourners releasing hundreds of yellow balloons into the air as the song ' home ' by edward sharpe and the magnetic zeros played . ms scott 's fiance , aaron leeson-woolley , appeared visibly distressed as he took his place as pall bearer . a piano version of train 's ' hey soul sister ' added to the sombre moment her casket was carried away from the service . other songs played were the killers ' ' be still ' and keith urban 's ' making memories of us ' . mourners filled the white chairs put out for the outdoor funeral service at eat your greens , where the bride-to-be was meant to marry fiance aaron leeson-woolley just days after she was went missing . in front of the hundreds of people who will paid their respects to ms scott , who disappeared on easter sunday , her white casket stood covered in colourful flowers , including yellow - which has become a sign of mourning for the teacher across new south wales ' central west . her white casket stood covered in colourful flowers , in front of chairs soon to be filled with hundreds of mourners . a window memorial for stephanie scott invited passers by to add a tribute via post-it notes in the street of canowindra . publican peter hodge of the central hotel , eugowra bows his head in respect as the hearse carrying ms scott turns into the escort way while he was adorning the street signs with yellow ribbon . guests were handed a book on arrival filled with dozens of photographs showing the life and times of the vibrant young woman . giving insight into the life of the leeton teacher , the handbook feature photographs from ms scott 's childhood , shows her blowing out the candles on a birthday cake during her teen years , and posing with fiance aaron leeson-woolley later in her life . earlier in the day and just down the road from the venue , people in eugowra and canowindra painted the town the same colour as a sign of respect for the beloved teacher . yellow balloons and streamers , along with messages written on yellow paper , decorated the streets . on a shop front window , locals and strangers have penned tributes on yellow post-it notes which were arranged in the shape of a heart , encircling a photo of ms scott . ahead of her funeral the family of the man accused of ms scott 's murder offered their condolences to the teacher 's family , friends and fiance . vincent stanford , 24 , a cleaner at the leeton school where ms scott worked , has been charged with her murder and will appear in court in june . mourners have covered the town in yellow , a colour which has become synonymous with ms scott in nsw 's central-west . memorials are visible all over the regional town , and most businesses shut down for the afternoon in honour of ms scott . ms scott 's friend katrina slattery remembered the teacher as a ' lovely , lovely person ' and a ' beautiful friend ' . friend katrina slattery , 41 , who joined the hundreds of mourners on tuesday , said the teacher would be terribly missed . ms scott had lived in canowindra , from where ms slattery also hailed , before she moved to teach at leeton high school . ' she was a lovely , lovely person . she was a beautiful friend , ' ms slattery told daily mail australia . ' it 's wrecked everyone in canowindra . they 're all feeling the loss . ' there 's not a bad word said against her . '