some teachers draw pictures on the whiteboard to explain new concepts to students . but one chemistry lecturer draws on her own skin , due to an unusual medical condition . dr zoe waller , 31 , who teaches pharmacy at the university of east anglia , suffers from the skin condition dermatographia . this is a type of urticaria , or hives - where a raised , itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure . it is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction , causing the skin to swell . dr zoe waller , 31 , is a university lecturer and uses her own skin to teach her students about new drugs and molecules , as she suffers from the skin condition dermatographia . whenever dr waller draws on the skin , her condition means raised red weals appear and she can create designs . she uploads them to social media and they are making waves across the university . however instead of hiding away her condition , dr waller is using it as a teaching aid . her students are required to learn 100 drugs for their course and each day , she will draw a new one on her skin . word of the unusual teaching method has spread across the university as well as social media where dr waller uploads her quirky designs . she said : ' i was only diagnosed with this two years ago and it 's a pretty cool condition to have . ' some people look at my arm and think i 've been self-harming but it does n't hurt at all . ' i use a blunt pencil or cocktail stick to create the detail needed for the composition of the drugs . ' dermographism or ' skin writing ' is a type of urticaria , or hives - where a raised , itchy rash appears on the skin . dermatographia is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines under the slightest pressure . histamines are chemicals released in the body as part of an allergic reaction , causing the skin to swell . in this type of urticaria , itchy weals occur after friction such as rubbing or stroking the skin . this itching may be aggravated by heat . weals and red marks also often appear as lines at the sites of scratching , and generally last for less than one hour . ' antihistamines block the effect of histamine , and reduce itching and the rash in most people , but may not relieve urticaria completely . if urticaria occurs frequently , it is best to take antihistamines regularly every day . the lecturer discovered her unusual skin condition after she started working at the university 's school of pharmacy . she noticed her skin was itchy and irritated but the doctor could n't remember the name of the condition he thought she had and sent her away with anti-histamines . she said : ' i was left confused after visiting the doctor . then my friend in america sent me a link to ariana russell 's work and i knew then that was what i had . ' ariana russell is an artist in the usa who uses her own body and dermatographia to create artwork . inspired by ariana , dr waller set to work on her own project - creating science molecules and compounds for her students using her skin . her students and fellow professors often ask her for requests which she happily draws on her skin . dr waller said : ' my skin might not be like this forever but it 's a fun and unusual way of teaching my students and it grabs their attention a lot more than a text book would . ' dr tabi leslie , from the british association of dermatologists , explained that dermographism or ' skin writing ' is a type of urticaria . she said : ' raised red weals , which are caused by the release of histamine from cells in the skin called mast cells , appear at sights of friction , such as rubbing or stroking of the skin . ' this itching may also be aggravated by heat . ' weals and red marks often appear as lines at the sites of scratching , and generally last for less than one hour . ' antihistamines are used to reduce the itch and the rash , and are effective in most patients . people across the university have began to make requests for designs they want dr waller to draw on herself . ' however , antihistamines may not relieve the symptoms completely in all cases . ' in such cases , other treatments may need to be used in addition , or higher dosages of antihistamines may be prescribed than licensed recommendations suggest . ' sufferers of dermographism may need to take antihistamines on a daily basis , as long as the symptoms persists . usually , the non-sedating antihistamines are preferred as they have fewer side effects . ' treatment needs to continue until the condition settles by itself which may take years . ' your doctor will advise you on the best regime depending on the severity of your symptoms . ' for more information of uticara , visit allergy uk .