an iranian cleric is teaching his followers that thinking about another woman while having sex with your wife will make your children gay . ayatollah hossein dehnavi , a celebrity preacher in iran , made the speech to a packed auditorium of men and women in his home country . it is the latest controversial teaching put forward by dehnavi , who also warned that if women did not wear the hijab - the veil covering the hair and chest - properly , they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual . islamic cleric dehnavi is a celebrity in his native iran , giving speeches on relationships and family values . while thinking about another woman while having sex with your wife is not a sin , the iranian ayatollah preaches , if she becomes pregnant it will mean the child will be gay . homosexuality is punishable by death in the state . on past occasions he has preached that women must provide sex to their husbands at all times - and said women who are better educated or are financially independent ' harm men 's authority ' . ' one of the other duties of women in regard to their men is to take care of their men’s instinctive needs [ sexual drive ] ' , the cleric said in a report by the clarion project , an organisation against extremism . ' do not break their pride and [ you must ] be more sensitive toward them ' . during another speech , the ayatollah explain that it is not a sin for a man to think about another woman while he is having sex with his partner , but if she becomes pregnant as a result the child will be gay . incorrectly wearing the hijab , dehnavi also warns , could lead to some men becoming homosexual . hundreds of women attend the lectures and speeches of the muslim cleric , whose is also regularly shown on state tv . the statements , thought to have been made in 2012 and 2013 , came to light after being shared by gay star news this week . homosexual acts are punishable by death in iran , with gay and lesbian people forced to hide their sexuality . a man involved in the ' dominant ' role in sodomy faces being flogged up to 100 times if he is unmarried and the sex is consensual , while the man playing the ' passive ' can still be put to death regardless of his marriage status , according to a report in the guardian . lesbians faced being whipped 100 times , but sex between two women can also lead to the death penalty if the act is committed four times . following his teachings , dehavni says , will ultimately lead to ' peace on earth ' . in another speech he controversially suggested that women should always be sexually available for their husbands . men become ' saturated ' if they have too much sex , dehavni warns - suggesting becoming intimate once or twice a week is enough . he also says women can make their husbands aroused by showing off their armpits . dehavni is a celebrated cleric in iran , whose speeches on family life and marital affairs are shown on state tv and who people queue up for tickets to see him speak live , according to iran wire . the 53-year-old grandfather has himself been married for 30 years . in other speeches he warns iranian couples not to have too much sex : '.. only once or twice a week , not every day . otherwise the wan will become saturated . ' he also suggests paler women wear black underwear and show off the most attractive parts of their bodies - their armpits and chest - to entice their husbands . by perfecting the art of lovemaking , he suggests , couples will have bigger families with strong muslim values which will ultimately lead to peace on earth .