nearly one out of six nfl players will declare bankruptcy within 12 years of retiring from the league , a shocking new study has revealed . the rate of bankruptcy , 15.7percent - remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid , according to researchers from the california institute of technology , george washington university and the university of washington . despite earning millions of dollars - sometimes tens of millions - former players go broke at about 1.1percent per year , the same rate as the rest of americans . bleak future : despite nfl players earning millions - sometimes times of millions - over the course of their careers , nearly 16percent of players are bankrupt within 12 years . vince young earned a reported $ 64million in salary and endorsement deals - but was bankrupt before he even finished his nfl career . widely reported rumors say he spent $ 5,000 a week at cheesecake factory . though bleak , the 15.7percent figure found by the researchers , is dramatically lower than a widely quoted statistic that 78percent of retired players are bankrupt or under ' financial stress ' within two years of leaving the league . the figure comes from a 2009 survey by sports illustrated . often , when athletes go broke , it 's because of unimaginable extravagances , bad investments and massive child support payments . this , despite the fact that the average player makes $ 3.2million over the course of a career . defensive tackle warren sapp played 13 seasons in the nfl and made more than $ 82million . he retired in 2007 and filed for bankruptcy in 2012 - citing several failed business ventures . bankruptcy remained at similar rates even among players who had long , profitable careers in the sport - though it was highest for those who stayed in the league for five years - and lower for those who were in it for more than a decade . michael vick , who made more than $ 130million , is still playing has he attempts to pay off his $ 18million bankruptcy debt from 2008 . when his estate was sold at auction , he had a lionskin rug and 240 pairs of sneakers . he also owed more than $ 75,000 a month in child support for his six children ( with five different women , ) quarterback vince young 's played his last nfl game in december 2011 . he filed for bankruptcy in january 2014 - despite earning $ 34million in salary and another $ 30million in endorsement deals . widely reported rumors that emerged after he first began having financial trouble in 2012 claim that he spent up to $ 5,000 a week at cheesecake factory and racked up a $ 6,000 tab at tgi friday 's . young also blamed investment advisers who he claimed took advantage of him . quarterback michael vick filed for bankruptcy in 2008 - in the middle of his high-profile career and legal troubles that sent him to prison . he was still paying off his $ 18million in debts in 2014 - despite making $ 130million from the nfl and millions more from endorsement deals . ' we 've known that it can be very difficult for the average family to save , ' cal tech finance professor colin f. camerer , one of the researchers , told the washington post . ' but this is one group that you might think ought to be able to avoid bankruptcy . they 're in a position to buy some good advice if they need it . but even for them , with all these millions , it 's a challenge . '