teenagers will be encouraged to learn foreign languages by talking about tattoos , music festivals , youtube and rap music under the latest gcse shake-up . teenagers will be encouraged to learn foreign languages by talking about tattoos , music festivals , youtube and rap music under the latest gcse shake-up . exam board officials yesterday unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds which they said would ‘ make content more contemporary’ . some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film , while others will look at spanish tweets on the olympic games . the proposals , announced by oxford , cambridge and rsa examinations ( ocr ) , aim to rid classrooms of ‘ tired phrases’ which some pupils now see as outdated . the board said children were ‘uninspired’ by conventional topics like ‘ my school day’ , ‘ my pencil case’ and ‘ my family’ . it said the new french , german and spanish gcses would allow pupils to talk about their interests using updated content . exam board officials also hope to ‘ bring back linguistic skills’ by focusing on grammar as a component of an indispensable language ‘toolkit’ . ocr languages expert katherine smith said : ‘ this entails moving away from working too long on a clichéd topic until a student is bored with it , to working on more appealing subjects , and with an all-important shift in emphasis on the skills that they can transfer across content . ‘ current gcse specifications have focused on preparing coursework which is more about the theme than learning the building blocks of a language . ‘ this has de-skilled students and led to ‘ topic fatigue’ . our new approach should fundamentally improve both the student’s enjoyment and their linguistic ability . ’ the course content , which has now been submitted to ofqual for approval , would be studied by pupils from 2016 . the board said it had disposed of old topics including ‘ my holiday’ , ‘aurélie and fabian go to town’ or ‘mathilde’s school day’ . one teacher at an ocr teacher consultation said : ‘ students are not really going to meet somebody in a café in paris and describe their entire family . ’ pupils would no longer be forced to recite phrases like ‘ i have a grapefruit every morning’ and instead would be able to express views such as ‘ in my opinion a discreet tattoo is an expression of your personality’ . in the new draft german gcse , there is a film review of the thriller run lola run , which is rated 15 and features some mild violence . in the spanish gcse , students will be asked to look at tweets on the olympic games . exam board officials yesterday unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds which they said would ‘ make content more contemporary’ . other proposed content includes listening to a radio broadcast on rap music and discussing online gaming and youtube . potential topics include cannes film festival , volunteering abroad and foreign food . experts said the new content would take inspiration from methods used to teach english as a foreign language . literature extracts will be also be studied at the request of the department for education , including passages from an ionesco play . ocr also wants to abandon inflexible vocabulary lists and encourage pupils to use a smart app to help them memorise words . ms smith added : ‘ while language teachers are pulling their hair out as their student numbers decline with languages not prioritised by the current system , captains of industry are also deeply frustrated . ‘ we are passionate about getting these three core language gcses right to help the uk build a generation of people with the language skills that are so desperately needed . ’ 