owning a passport opens up a world of possibility and freedom for travellers - or so you would think . in some countries around the world , even if you are lucky enough to have access to the government-issued documents , you are still restricted and barred from several countries . henley and partners created a visa restrictions index , which ranks countries globally in accordance to the travel freedom their inhabitants enjoy - with some surprising results . scroll down for video . the visa restrictions index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free . the latest results were based on results from may 20 , 2014 . 1 ) finland . = germany . = sweden . = usa . = united kingdom ( 174 points ) .  2 ) canada . = denmark ( 173 points ) .  3 ) belgium . = france . = italy . = japan . = korea ( republic of south ) . = luxembourg . = netherlands . = portugal . = spain ( 172 points ) . where it might be expected that countries such as north korea and possibly cuba could take the bottom spots for the most restricted travel freedom , they actually place at 86 and 69 respectively , from a ranking of a total of 94 . each country was given a score by global consulting firm henley and partners , who specialise in residence and citizenship planning . the score was calculated based on visa regulations of all countries and territories in the world , and the number of other countries that their citizens can travel to without having to obtain a visa . taking the lowest spots were afghanistan ( ranked at 94 and able to visit 28 countries visa-free ) , iraq , ( able to visit 31 countries ) , pakistan and somalia ( able to visit 32 countries ) and the palestinian territory ( able to visit 35 ) . this was juxtaposed by finland , germany , sweden , the uk and the us , in first position , who are able to access 174 countries visa-free . henley and partners said : ' in today 's globalised world , visa restrictions play an important role in controlling the movement of foreign nationals across borders . ' almost all countries now require visas from certain non-nationals who wish to enter their territory . ' visa requirements are also an expression of the relationships between individual nations , and generally reflect the relations and status of a country within the international community of nations . ' pakistani khyber gateway to the khyber pass stamps passports are you leave for afghanistan , passports from this country are able to enter on 32 countries visa-free . nepal ranked 90th with residents being able to visit 37 countries without a visa . 89 ) eritrea . = libya . = sudan . = syria ( 38 points ) .  90 ) nepal ( 37 points ) .  91 ) palestinian territory ( 35 points ) .  92 ) pakistan . = somalia ( 32 points ) .  93 ) iraq ( 31 points ) .  94 ) afghanistan ( 28 points ) . pakistan is ranked at 92 in the visa restrictions index , and citizens are able to visit 32 countries including trinidad and tobago , haiti , and dominica without a visa . despite this freedom , stepping over the pakistani border into india and iran does requires a visa . at the bottom of the list are the citizens of afghanistan who are banned from entering kuwait entirely . they can , however , travel to micronesia , saint vincent and the grenadines and haiti without a visa entirely though . the index reflected the decision in 2014 to allow citizens of the uae to be allowed short stays in the eu schengen countries without a visa , moving them up the rankings in the travel freedom index . a un world tourism organization ( unwto ) report stated that three-quarters of people in the world travelling to europe need a visa . according to the latest visa openness report by the unwto , 62 per cent of the world’s population was required a traditional visa prior to departure in 2014 , down from 77 per cent in 2008 . a total of 19 per cent of the world’s population was able to enter a destination without a visa , while 16 per cent could receive a visa on arrival ( compared to 17 per cent and 6 per cent in 2008 ) . somalia , ( left ) , was ranked 92nd , allowing visa-free access to 32 countries . iraq passports , ( right ) , enable citizens to visit 31 countries visa-free . one of the most restricted passports is that of somalian citizens , who are barred from belgium and canada . 