she was just eight when she first attended the maundy day service . the then princess elizabeth was photographed in 1935 at westminster abbey in her smart bonnet and buttoned-up coat . it would be another 18 years before her coronation . eighty years on , the queen yesterday gave out maundy coins in the pre-easter tradition . resplendent in a turquoise coat by stewart parvin and matching hat , the queen was all smiles as she arrived at sheffield cathedral for the traditional ceremony . eighty years ago : the then princess elizabeth was pictured in westminster abbey at the service in 1935 . handing out alms : the queen presents a lady with the two maundy purses at sheffield cathedral . joined by the duke of edinburgh , her majesty was there to present ' alms ' to 89 women and 89 men , among them d-day veteran , denis gratton . ' it was just quick . i 'm not very good at hearing , ' said mr gratton , 91 , after the ceremony . ' she did say something but i 'm not sure what it were . ' the queen , who had arrived on the royal train , was driven to the cathedral where she got a warm welcome from the flag-waving crowd and was presented with a nosegay of spring flowers . met at the church door by peter bradley , the dean of sheffield , and the local bishop , steven croft , her majesty spoke briefly to the clergymen before being whisked inside for the service . after the hour-long service , the queen posed for pictures with the yeoman of the guard , who had lined the cathedral 's aisles during the ceremony . the royal party then left for a reception at sheffield town hall as the recipients emerged into the sunshine , all pleased with their royal acknowledgement . patricia durkin , 72 , said : ' it was brilliant , absolutely wonderful . when i got here the atmosphere was tremendous . ' the royal maundy service is one of the uk 's oldest royal customs and sees the monarch distribute alms in the shape of two purses of specially minted coins . this year , the red purse contains a £5 coin , commemorating the 50th anniversary of the death of winston churchill and a 50p coin commemorating the 75th anniversary of the battle of britain . custom : monarchs have been presenting maundy money since 1210 and king john . commemorative : the red and white bags contain commemorative coins , this year featuring winston churchill . thank you : a gentleman looks pleased as he receives his commemorative coins from the queen . bodyguard : the queen was accompanied by the yeoman of the guard who carried in the purses . signing up : the queen signed the visitor 's book at sheffield cathedral before she left . tradition : the queen and prince philip were handed traditional nosegays made from spring flowers . historically , this sum of £5.50 in the red purse is made up of £3 for clothing , £1.50 in lieu of provisions and £1 for the redemption of the sovereign 's gown . the white purse contains uniquely minted maundy money , which , unlike coins in general circulation , bear the portrait of the queen produced by mary gillick at the start of her reign . gillick , a sculptor , designed the portrait which appeared on the coins of the uk and some commonwealth countries from 1953 until preparations for decimalisation began in 1968 . the portrait of the queen wearing a wreath on her head was considered to reflect the nation 's optimism as it greeted a new monarch in the post-war years . the royal maundy is an ancient ceremony which has its origin in the commandment christ gave after washing the feet of his disciples the day before good friday . warm welcome : the queen is greeted at sheffield cathedral ahead of the traditional royal maundy service . jaunty : the queen , looking wonderful in turquoise , arrived in the state bentley with the duke of edinburgh . cheerful : the duke of edinburgh was on jolly form as he arrived for the service . busy week : the queen will also appear at church in windsor on easter sunday . meeting : the queen speaks to the dean and bishop of sheffield ahead of the royal maundy service . in an echo of the last supper , mediaeval and tudor monarchs also washed the feet of beggars during the service . unlike the nosegay , which was originally introduced as a means of disguising the repellent smell , that custom failed to survive the 18th century . the first monarch to take part in a maundy thursday service was king john , of magna carta and robin hood fame , who distributed gifts of clothes and money to the poor in knaresborough in 1210 . john was also the first to present the poor with silver coins and is recorded as having done so in rochester in 1213 . john 's grandson edward i , the king known to posterity as ' the hammer of the scots ' , was the first to confine the tradition to maundy thursday alone , which , until his reign , could be conducted on any day of the year . recipient : one of the men receiving maundy money clutches his ticket as he arrives for the service . enthusiastic : a little girl waves as the queen 's bentley pulls up outside the cathedral . patriotic : crowds of people waited outside the cathedral , many clutching union flags . turn out : a lady keeps her union flags tucked under her arm as she waits to see the queen . long wait : many of the well-wishers outside the cathedral had waited there for hours . by 1363 and edward iii , the tradition had evolved into a ceremony that is still recognisable today , with monarchs handing out money equivalent to their age in years . the ceremony was little changed by the dawn of the tudor period , although rulers could - and did - increase the number of beggars involved to show their religious devotion and humility . none took it more seriously than mary i - or bloody mary - who in 1556 washed the feet of 41 ' poor women ' and spent the entire ceremony on her knees . later monarchs were less keen on the service , with some , among them charles i , rarely bothering to take part . charles ii , anxious to curry favour with his subjects following the restoration , took part in the ceremony without fail , including during the plague years . originator : the custom originated with king john , shown here signing the magna carta in june 1209 . modernising : the 800-year-old tradition used to involve washing beggars ' feet - hence the nosegay . smell : the scented nosegays were originally used to disguise the stench of unwashed people . all smiles : the queen , who has only missed the ceremony four times , was all smiles as she arrived . schoolchildren : the queen was also introduced to a group of schoolchildren outside the cathedral . although today 's ceremony takes place in a different location each year , queen victoria insisted on doing it at westminster abbey - a custom that remained in place until the queen took the throne in 1952 . the queen has taken part in the royal maundy service in all but four years of her reign , including in 1954 when she was away touring the commonwealth . she was also forced to pull out in 1960 thanks to the imminent birth of prince andrew , again in 1964 for the birth of prince edward and in 1970 due to a tour of new zealand . dapper : the 93-year-old duke of edinburgh cut a dapper figure in his tailored suit . bodyguards : the queen was flanked by members of king 's bodyguard of the yeomen of the guard . long history : the yeomen have been part of british life since 1485 and are the uk 's oldest military body . on her way : after the ceremony , the queen was driven away for a lunch at sheffield town hall . busy : the scene outside sheffield cathedral ahead of the queen and prince philip 's arrival .