damning footage has revealed the moment a florida police officer shouted : ' get on the f****** ground or you 're dead , ' moments before he shot a mentally ill man as he was running away . the family of lavall hall , released the shocking video which calls into question the miami gardens police department 's account of the incident on february 15 . the clip captured from the police car at the scene shows shell cases flying as a police officer shot the 25-year-old schizophrenic , who was black , on february 15 . the police department said the officers were forced to shoot because hall ' attacked ' them with ' deadly force ' using the broom - but the video footage appears to show him trying to flee the officers before he was fatally shot . footage captured from within a police car at the scene show shell cases flying as police officer eddie trimino fatally shot schizophrenic 25-year-old lavall hall , who was black , outside his home in miami gardens . attorneys for hall 's family released the 19 minutes of dash-cam video yesterday afternoon at a press conference and claim it shows hall was being chased by police before he was shot at five times . hall , who was diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder , had been released from a mental hospital just one week earlier and was suffering from a psychotic episode when his mother , catherine daniels , called police to take him to a mental health unit , reports fusion . hall 's family have now filed a wrongful death lawsuit in federal court in miami against the city of miami gardens and the two police officers , peter ehrlich and eddo trimino . according to the complaint ms daniels had previously called police for help with her son , and the department was aware of his condition , alleging excessive use of force by police and wrongful death . an officer can be heard shouting ' get on the f****** ground or you 're dead ' on the police car footage . hall , who was diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder , had been released from a mental hospital just one week before the shooting . the footage shot from inside the car appears to show hall running past the car with two officers in pursuit . ' hall was unable to communicate , clearly did not understand what was going on , and was visibly scared , ' it said . two of the five bullets fired hit hall miami gardens police told reporters in the days after the incident - explaining that hall had attacked officers with the broom . but hall 's lawyers argue that the police used ' excessive force ' after he ran away from them . his lawyers said hall was holding the broomstick and dressed only in his underpants but the video shows he can be seen running from the police . ms daniels said at a news conference yesterday : ' i never thought they [ were ] going to kill my child , murder my child , ' adding she was ' devastated ' when she first saw the video . catherine daniels , lavall 's mother , is hugged by her cousin alfonzo hill at the news conference yesterday . ' he was standing outside just holding the broomstick in his hand , ' daniels said . ' and i told him , ' baby , come back inside , it 's cold . ' as the video played at the news conference , one of the attorneys for the family said ms daniels can be heard telling police before the shooting , ' please do n't hurt my child , please ' abc news reported . her attorney added : ' the officers had made up their minds that they were going to kill lavall before this incident took place . ' ' they killed him , murdered him , ' said melissa edwards , the mother of hall 's daughter , at the news conference . an attorney for eddo trimino , the officer involved , told the miami herald the video indicated that the officer had shot out of fear . the lawyer for the officers argues they acted appropriately and claims hall attacked them with deadly force . the video was released amid national protests over a series of deaths resulting from police use of force , most recently with another video showing a white south carolina police officer shooting an apparently unarmed black man in the back . ' people are saddened and angered but also exasperated that we 're again seeing the devaluation of black lives on streets of the united states , ' said muhammed malik , organizer of the miami committee on state violence . a spokesman for florida state attorney katherine fernandez rundle told abc news that the investigation is ongoing but they have concerns the video may endanger the investigation . oscar marrero , attorney for the officers , told abc news : ' the officers were faced with a dangerous situation . ' they have already given statements to investigators indicating mr. hall struck them with a weapon and deadly force was used . ' the reasonableness of a particular use of force must be judged from the perspective of a reasonable officer on the scene . the reliable evidence will establish officers trimino and ehrlich acted appropriately . '