it was a simple slip of the tongue , instantly corrected minutes after his last ever ride at sandown on saturday . after a tearful yet joyous and ultimately unsuccessful afternoon that none of the 18,000 spectators will forget , it was also the point at which ap mccoy acknowledged that he was an ex-jockey . ‘ i am going to miss what i do . . . what i did , ’ he said with a pained smile . that whole new routine kicked in yesterday . ap mccoy makes a lap of honour round the parade ring with champion jockey 's trophy at sandown . mccoy walks into parade ring to ride his final race on box office as the media assemble to get one last shot . a lie-in and cooked breakfast before a party for family and friends at his home near lambourn . this week there will be two days as a spectator for mccoy at the punchestown festival . then , when former colleagues head to uttoxeter and hexham on saturday to make an early impression on the first ap-free jockeys’ title race in two decades , mccoy will be attending the wedding of one of wife chanelle’s friends . the family duties and the exorbitant cost of a ticket means mccoy will not be heading to las vegas to watch mayweather and pacquiao . but there is a bucket list of things he wants to do now his life is no longer welded to the pursuit of riding perfection . seeing his beloved arsenal in the fa cup final as well as , next season , travelling to watch them in europe . mccoy with trainer jonjo o'neil after riding his final race on box office at sandown racecourse on saturday . channel 4 presenter and tennis fan emma spencer . riding some stages in the amateur tour de france and attending the us masters in augusta . he can aim to reduce his own golf handicap and there is also another sporting challenge to conquer . mccoy , who doesn’t play tennis , has challenged channel 4 presenter emma spencer , herself a tidy player , to a match with a tasty side bet riding on the outcome . coaches are being lined up for mccoy’s crash course . watch out emma . come to think of it , watch out andy murray . the list of diversions mean in the short term coping with life in civvy street should not be impossibly harrowing for the man who described saturday as the ‘ hardest day of my life’ . during his punchestown trip mccoy will also visit robbie and jt mcnamara , both battling degrees of paralysis after bad falls . it will inject a dose of sobering reality into his situation . mccoy said : ‘ the fear of retirement is going to get worse in a month or a year . i think i will be all right in the first few weeks because i have things to do and i will be busy . ‘ i will see robbie mcnamara on tuesday and john thomas on wednesday . it will be nice to see the two lads and will put a lot of things into perspective . ’ sean bowen won the conditional jockey title at sandown on saturday as is tipped for a bright future . there are media work offers to consider and a likely role with boss jp mcmanus . but mccoy will need something to satisfy his enormous work ethic . last week he did not accept rides because he wanted to begin weaning himself off racing . but on thursday night , trainer paul webber texted mccoy , saying he was short of a work rider for friday morning , start time 7.45am . the 20-time champion jockey was not late . he also feels , painfully , that even his amazing records will be broken , perhaps even by the emerging sean bowen . the 17-year-old winner of saturday feature bet365 gold cup on just a par has lifted the champion conditional jockey crown earlier in his life than mccoy managed . he has the same agent in dave roberts , who said : ‘ what he is doing is freaky . we want to keep his feet on the ground but he has some talent . ’ sound familiar ? a new era may be dawning . 