steve cotterill could be just a week away from putting bristol city back into the championship . the 50-year-old needs just two more wins to achieve the fourth promotion of a career that has been mostly spent rescuing clubs from relegation after goals by kieran agard , joe bryan and aaron wilbraham clinched a local derby victory . in front of a sold-out ashton gate , city took revenge for a bitterly fought 1-0 defeat back in november which ended their unbeaten start to the season . bristol city's aaron wilbraham ( left ) tussles for the ball with swindon town's yaser kasim ( right ) . swindon town 's michael smith ( left ) shields the ball from the challenge of the oncoming luke ayling ( right ) . bristol city ( 4-4-2 ) : fielding , ayling , flint , williams , tavernier , smith , pack , freeman ( wagstaff 93 ) , bryan , agard ( emmanuel-thomas 86 ) , wilbraham ( elliott 94 ) . subs not used : saville , richards , cunningham , osborne . booked : agard . scorers : agard 36 , bryan 80 , wilbraham 87 . swindon ( 4-4-2 ) : foderingham , branco , ricketts , turnbull , byrne , kasim , stephens , luongo , gladwin ( swift 78 ) , michael smith , williams ( obika 69 ) . subs not used : barker , barthram , hylton , rodgers , cameron belford . booked : turnbull , kasim . referee : neil swarbrick ( lancashire ) . attendance : 12,302 . that finished with swindon chairman lee power accusing cotterill of ' lacking class ' . but it was the city boss who had the last laugh with a victory that left swindon boss mark cooper having to pick his side up from two 3-0 defeats in four days that have finished their last hope of automatic promotion . just to add to their woes they had both yaser kasim and raphael branco booked , meaning both will now serve suspensions . city had actually needed to ride their luck for much of the first half , with goalkeeper frank fielding pulling off three saves in two frantic minutes at one point . and swindon striker andy williams cost cooper 's side their best chance of going in front when he cashed in on a mistake by aden flint to go through . he should have squared the ball back to strike partner michael smith who couldn ' t have missed but instead tried to go it alone and gave fielding the chance to save . bristol city striker kieran agard ( centre ) celebrates giving his side the 1-0 lead against swindon town . ben gladwin ( left ) brings the ball for swindon as bristol city 's joe bryan ( centre ) gives chace in midfield . as if that miss was n't frustrating enough for the visitors , they were then architects of their own downfall when city took the lead on 35 minutes . yaser kasim was put under pressure as swindon tried to play the ball out from the back from a goal kick , and gave it away to joe bryan . the young wing back hit a perfect pass to send agard clear to make no mistake with his 11th goal of the season . city had earned that goal for the way they worked to put pressure on defenders , and they made their own luck again when derrick williams stretched to divert ben gladwin 's shot onto the underside of the bar . swindon 's strike partnership of williams and smith had shared 36 goals and it was n't hard to see why as their movement constantly troubled city 's defence . but williams , who had 21 of them , could n't quite find his shooting range and put another gilt edged opportunity over the bar just after half time when massimo luongo had sent him clear . but that summed up the story of the night with no end product to so much possession , and the game swung back city 's way when jordan turnbull turned bryan 's cross onto the top of his own bar . with 11 minutes gone bryan wriggled into some space on the edge of the box , put the ball onto his left foot , and beat wes foderingham with a perfectly placed shot into the top corner . and the win was wrapped up when luke freeman reached the byline and cut the ball back for skipper wilbraham to fire home his 19th of the season . gladwin avoids the sliding tackle of bristol city 's korey smith with the home side still leading 1-0 on tuesday . massimo luongo ( left ) dribbles forward with the ball for swindon as marlon pack ( right ) keeps up with him . 