james mcclean 's reaction said it all . as scott carson 's long , hopeful punt downfield floated harmlessly out of play , the talented winger spun in disgust , shook his head and threw open his arms . wigan are better than this , and they know it . they were 2-1 down at that point , two moments of genius from ross mccormack and matt smith the difference . they rallied to come away from fulham with a point - it was a night in which new manager gary caldwell certainly saw enough to build on - but all at the club know their stay in the championship is unlikely to be extended beyond may . it is an infuriating situation , the damage inflicted by an ultimately doomed appointment of malky mackay incurable this season . fulham captain scott parker ( right ) is hassled for the ball by wigan 's gaetan bong ( left ) at craven cottage . fulham striker ross mccormack lets fly with a shot to score his side 's opening goal against wigan on friday . the ever industrious parker ( left ) dribbles away from the challenge of wigan's kim bo-kyung ( right ) . wigan winger jermaine pennant ( left ) scores a stunning free-kick to level the scores 1-1 against fulham .  fulham ( 4-4-2 ) : bettinelli , grimmer , turner , burn , husband , hoogland , tunnicliffe , parker , kavanagh ( ruiz 73 ) , smith ( woodrow 63 ) mccormack ( stafylidis 94 ) . subs not used : kiraly , hutchinson , kacaniklic , rodallega . booked : burn , kavanagh . scorers : mccormack 4 , smith 35 . wigan ( 4-1-4-1 ) : carson , boyce ( mccann 70 ) , maguire , pearce , bong , kvist , perch , pennant ( murphy 84 ) , mcclean , kim bo-kyung , fortune ( waghorn 57 ) . subs not used : mckay , ojo , barnett , al habsi . scorers : pennant 22 , pearce 69 . referee : mick russell . attendance : 15,994 .  caldwell must hope he has the character to build next year if they do fail to perform the improbable and remain in this division . seven points is now the difference , wigan having played at least a game more than their rivals with just four games to play . their band of supporters in one corner of craven cottage recognise this is not the fault of caldwell and are actually excited about what the future may hold . no malky , no problem . but as mcclean 's annoyance indicates , they are all too aware that this impending relegation should not have been allowed to happen . the frustration is that their squad is more than capable of challenging under the right guidance , but probably wo n't have the opportunity to do so . wigan showed guts and dug in for caldwell , whose more patient style in possession was referenced by the latics ' official twitter account midway through this . it felt like a sly dig to his predecessor . matt smith scores fulham 's second goal to restore their lead against wigan at carven cottage on friday . smith slides to his knees as he celebrates putting the home side back in front in the championship match . and to come from behind twice shows qualities they just did not possess under mackay . caldwell , a rugged central defender , will be unhappy with the ease with which mccormack opened the scoring after just four minutes ; harry maguire 's header was a poor one , straight into the path of sean kavanagh , who fed the scot and he was afforded the time to pick a spot and curl beyond scott carson . in a game lacking genuine chances , there were then two moments of real class . firstly jermaine pennant levelled for wigan , bending a wicked 25-yard free-kick away from the despairing marcus bettinelli . he ran the full length of the pitch to celebrate in front of the travelling hundreds . wigan utility player james perch ( left ) jumps for the ball and is challenged by fulham 's sean kavanagh ( right ) . but anything the winger could do , lanky smith would match . fulham 's target man - again in too much space - looked up from the same distance and marvellously clipped over carson to net just his third goal for the club since a summer move from leeds . those flashes from the front two rather masked what was a disjointed display by the cottagers , still smarting from their derby humiliation against brentford last week . fans were furious at kit symons ' lack of tactical imagination , further compounded when jason pearce gambled at the back post to equalise for the visitors in the 69th minute . smith had been taken off six minutes previously to a chorus of boos and chants of ' you do n't know what you 're doing ' rained down on symons . the same when mccormack was hooked for defender kostas stafylidis . much like against brentford , fulham 's paying customers did not shirk away from telling him exactly what they thought . these are testing times for symons , whose relationship with the fans is at its lowest ebb since he took over earlier this season . how he must 've prayed scott parker did n't fluff his lines in stoppage time . compare that to wigan who , even though they will almost definitely join blackpool in league one , are pulling in the same direction . their new chairman david sharpe , grandson of dave whelan , spoke of a long-term vision on appointing caldwell on tuesday , and that is something which has galvanised the place . had pennant 's late header not been superbly blocked by dan burn , the talk might have been of an unlikeliest of survival miracles . wigan 's jason pearce ( right ) is congratulated by pennant ( left ) as he scores the second equaliser for his side .   