islamic state has released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos , showing off their growing number of military markets in iraq and syria . with the fighting fiercer than ever , the extremist group have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadis in their ranks . even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market , with some of the children wearing their own miniature uniforms . scroll down for video . isis fighters as well as local residents and children appear to be able to freely wander through the market . no women appear in any of the photos . at a time of war when prices are soaring , unsurprisingly none of the items appear to have a price tag in the propaganda photos . once the tailors made and sold suits and shirts , now under islamic state , they are producing vast numbers of bland tunics and military clothing . brown leather holsters , tactical vests and bandoleers are shown hanging for sale at the various stalls . knives used for committing beheadings and other atrocities also appear to be readily available at the market . jihadists can be seen freely browsing through the market , dressed in military uniforms and carrying their weapons in holsters . an array of camouflage military equipment , from military fatigues to ill fitting hats appear to be freely available at the market . the photos come from the iraqi province of nineveh , where isis have recently been targeting historic archaeological sites as well as their bloodthirsty campaign against civilians . brown leather holsters , tactical vests and bandoleers are shown hanging for sale at the various stalls . an array of camouflage military equipment , from military fatigues to ill fitting hats are being sold at the market . one photo shows a metalworker nailing together a new bandoleer in his small shop in the impoverish iraqi province . several young children appear to be allowed into the market , with one boy seemingly pulling at his father 's arm after taking an interest in some of the military equipment . once the tailors sold suits and shirts , now under islamic state , they are producing vast numbers of bland tunics and military clothing . iraq has always had gun stalls but the growing number of local markets catering to the needs of new islamic state recruits remains deeply worrying . with the fighting fiercer than ever , the extremist group have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadist in their ranks . the photos come from the iraqi province of nineveh , where isis have recently been targeting historic archaeological sites as well as their bloodthirsty campaign against civilians . iraq always had gun souks but the growing number of local markets catering to the needs of new islamic state recruits remains deeply worrying . the terror organisation recently published new images of their latest ' graduates ' from a terror camp in the iraqi province of kirkuk . the new recruits reportedly ' graduated from the renowned isis terror training camp , named after one of the former leaders of isis , abu omar al-baghdadi . new recruits are watch on as two fighters demonstrate how to disarm an enemy fighter . other basic skills also appear to have been taught at the camp . known as the sheikh abu omar al-baghdadi camp , new recruits have been continually coming out of the terror camp , with isis declaring the tenth class has completed terror training . the group usually trains in the plush woods , providing completely impractical preparation for the open desert battles that most of their inexperienced youth recruits will most likely be thrust into by their ruthless superiors . the photos show young recruits , dressed in military fatigues and black balaclavas , learning how to disarm enemy riflemen as well as blend into trees through amateur camouflage . without a formal graduation party , the militants are shown parading on the streets and posing for a group photo on an uninspiring roundabout . the group usually trains in the plush woods , providing completely impractical preparation for the open desert battles that most of their inexperienced youth recruits will most likely be thrust into by their ruthless superiors . without a formal graduation party , the militants are shown parading on the streets and posing for a group photo on an uninspiring roundabout . islamic state recently launched a new offensive to take the city of ramadi in anbar province . hundreds of local residents have been fleeing to avoid the fierce fighting .   