police said friday that they 're trying to find a couple and five children who left a north las vegas home where a 3-year-old girl was found dead and a 4-month-old girl was so badly neglected by her 17-year-old mother that the child was hospitalized in critical condition . if kellie cherie phillips , 38 , and jondrew megil lachaux , a 39-year-old ex-convict , are n't in nevada , they may be in the los angeles or oakland , california , areas , north las vegas police officer aaron patty said . patty told reporters that phillips and lachaux were sought for questioning , and that no amber alert or arrest warrant had been issued . scroll down for video . police are hunting for kellie cherie phillips , 38 , and jondrew megil lachaux , a 39-year-old ex-convict , after tying the couple to a case of horrific child neglect . but he stressed that police were worried about the welfare of the five children - a 9-year-old girl and four boys ranging in age from 1 to 8 years old - who were believed to be with them . ' we have a 4-month-old fighting for life at the hospital , ' patty said . ' it is imperative for us to locate these children so that we can verify the condition of them . ' he said police believe phillips and lachaux abandoned the house several weeks or months ago , leaving the 17-year-old girl with the two younger children in a brown stucco two-story tract home with a tile roof on wood thrush place , about 10 miles northwest of downtown las vegas . ksnv reports the couple are the parents of the dead child . the 17-year-old was taken into custody wednesday , after police were alerted by hospital officials to the condition of the 4-month-old . she had taken the baby to sunrise hospital . a police swat team broke into the house thursday to find the body of the 3-year-old . the teen is the mother of the hospitalized child and sister of the dead child , and she is being held as a juvenile on child abuse and neglect allegations , patty said . names were not disclosed . a police swat team broke into the couple 's house thursday and discovered the body of the 3-year-old . patty said the hospitalized girl was severely malnourished . patty would n't describe conditions inside the home , other injuries to the children , where the 3-year-old 's body was found or how she died . he said police removed items from the property , but he declined to specify them . investigators believe the child had been dead for several days , and the teen and her baby remained in the house with the corpse until wednesday , patty said . the coroner has not released a cause of death . neighbors were understandably shocked . ' definitely bothersome , ' michael frank told reporters . ' we got kids of our own and want them to be safe so we hope things wo n't happen like that again . ' 