lindsay lohan has been living in london for the past year and says she likes it so much , she does n't see herself returning to the states any time soon . the 28-year-old flame-haired beauty recently spent a stint on the stage , starring in a west end production of david mamet’s speed the plow - for which she received lukewarm reviews - and seems intent on remaining in the uk for the foreseeable future . ‘ [ london ] feels like home , i miss it every time i have to leave for work and can’t wait to get back , ’ lindsay told homme style magazine while posing for a stunning and seductive shoot for the publication . ‘ i go back to nyc and la for family and work . ’ scroll down for video . staying put : lindsay lohan says she feels ' at home ' in london and has no plans to return to the states just yet . fleur du mal leather corset . available at forward by elyse walker . visit site . we have n't heard much from lindsay in the us since she moved across the pond to london . but if her latest photo shoot for homme style magazine is any indication , she 's making a comeback in a major way . the mean girls star showed of her svelte figure in a series of racy ensembles by moschino and agent provacateur . here she poses wearing nothing but a fleur du mal leather corset , la perla panties , and a pair of moschino gloves . corsets were hot on the spring runways at givenchy and versace and continue to be a wardrobe staple for sultry celebs like madonna and kim kardashian . lindsay 's leather number is available to purchase for just under $ 1,000 . that 's quite a big budget for lingerie , so we 've come up with some alternatives that are less pricey but still have major sex appeal . style them with a pencil skirt and blazer on your next night out and all eyes will be on you . jezebel embrace strapless corset at jcpenney . visit site . spanx® boostie-yay camisole corset at bloomingdale 's . visit site . l'agent by agent provocateur ' penelope ' corset . visit site . noe undergarments ryan leather zip-back corset at revolve ( now $ 211 ) . visit site . on stage : the former child star recently appeared in a west end play and admitted she felt like the uk press treated her with respect . lindsay , who found fame in the parent trap when she was just 11 years old , added that she is ' much happier ' in the city and is keen to build on that feeling of contentment in order to get her career back on track , after becoming better known in recent years for her off-screen antics more than her on-screen talents . indeed , the time that she has spent in london has given her pause for thought – and possibly a much-needed break from the hollywood grind . ' i find that uk press is much more politically based . where american press is much more focused on celebrities , ' she explained . ' especially when doing a west end play , it’s a different respect that you hope to gain . ' i don’t place myself in the same `` situations '' as i used to . it also comes with time and age . ' new leaf ? lindsay says she no longer finds herself in the ' situations ' she became famous for off-screen . stripped : the 28-year-old posed in sexy lingerie for men 's fashion magazine homme style . ' lace is always the best , and i feel beautiful in a night slip , ' she said . saucy : lindsay was more than comfortable to pose up in the luxurious lingerie . lindsay added that london now feels like her real home and she insists she has no regrets about leaving los angeles , saying ' i do n't need to see it all over again . the last time i went to la it was my friend’s birthday and we went to this karaoke place . ' it was the same people , the same faces , nothing had changed . it felt very un-evolved . ' as well as sitting down for an interview with homme style , which was curated by akmal shaukat , lindsay also posed up for a provocative and risqué shoot with renowned fashion photographer rankin , for which she donned several pieces of saucy lingerie – something , she revealed , she was more than comfortable doing . ' i do love lingerie , ' she confessed . ' lace is always the best , and i feel beautiful in a night slip . it’s fun to be girly and womanly . ' the mean girls star was due to finish her probation for a reckless driving charge last month , however she was ordered to complete another 125 hours of community service after she tried to pass off the time she spent performing on stage in london as ' volunteering ' . out and about : lindsay has been spotted on the town around london attending various premieres and fashion events . talk of the town : lindsay tweeted this selfie on friday intended to show off the results of her new 'waist-training ' corset , but her followers accused the star of editing her curves . last week , lindsay was forced to deny that she is enjoying a romance with british reality star jake hall . according to uk newspaper the sun , it was alleged the handsome star first went out with the mean girls actress in february and that they 've been in contact ever since , but any rumors of a tryst between the pair has since been denied by the hollywood star 's representative . ' it is not true , ' the spokesperson confirmed to daily mail online . and jake himself has also denied that they are in a romance , adding that they are just friends . he told daily mail online : ' we were not dating : we are friends . '