the publisher of guitar hero is readying a comeback tour . activision blizzard has announced plans to resurrect the popular video game franchise later this year . called guitar hero live , the revamped game features a redesigned guitar , live-action actors and an online music video network . scroll down for video . guitar hero live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network . it will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band , and instead of playing along with computer-generated characters , players will see a first-person view of their band and audiences portrayed by human actors ( shown ) . the game will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band . instead of playing along with computer-generated characters , wannabe rockers will see a first-person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors . during its prime in 2009 the guitar hero series topped $ 2 billion ( £1.3 billion ) in sales but activision abandoned the franchise in 2011 after sales dipped . the guitar hero revival follows last month 's tease that rock band developer harmonix is bringing back its own performance series . during its prime in 2009 the guitar hero series topped $ 2 billion ( £1.3 billion ) in sales but activision abandoned the franchise in 2011 after sales dipped . guitar hero live ( redesigned guitar pictured ) will be released in the autumn for the playstation 4 , xbox one , playstation 3 , xbox 360 , wii u and mobiles . activision hosted an event in new york last night to announce the plans , with fall out boy bassist peter wentz and singer vanessa hudgens . guitar hero live is a revamped version of the popular music franchise guitar hero . it features a redesigned guitar and online music video network . it will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band , and instead of playing along with computer-generated characters , players will see a first-person view of their band and audiences portrayed by human actors . guitar hero live will be released in the autumn for the playstation 4 , xbox one , playstation 3 , xbox 360 and wii u . the full game will also be available on ' select mobile devices ' and the firm said more details would be announced soon . it will feature tracks from fall out boy , my chemical romance , the killers , pierce the veil , skrillex , blitz kids , the war on drugs and green day . guitar hero live will be released in the autumn for the playstation 4 , xbox one , playstation 3 , xbox 360 and wii u . the full game will also be available on ' select mobile devices ' and the firm said more details will be announced soon . guitar hero live will feature tracks from fall out boy , my chemical romance , the killers , pierce the veil , skrillex , blitz kids , the war on drugs and green day . fans in the us and canada can pre-order the game , which also comes with the redesigned guitar , via activision 's site for $ 99 . the game is expected to launch internationally , although details about pre-orders and a release date have n't been announced . meanwhile , guitar hero tv will be a ' continuous broadcast of music videos where you and your guitar controller are the star ' , said the firm . hundreds of videos will be available at launch spanning different genres of music , with new videos continually added to the line-up . players will be able to play gh live without an internet connection but ghtv is a connected mode so will need to be online . meanwhile , guitar hero tv ( pictured ) will be a ' continuous broadcast of music videos where you and your guitar controller are the star ' , said the firm . hundreds of videos will be available at launch spanning different genres of music , with new videos continually added to the line-up .