supermarket customers in france can add airline tickets to their shopping lists thanks to a unique promotion by a budget airline . for a limited time transavia france is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps , gummy bears and cereal bars at participating shops . customers who buy one of the products before the # snackholidays promotion ends on april 21 will find a voucher code that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within europe . scroll down for video . transavia france is selling cheap flights with packets of crisps , bags of gummy bears and cereal bars . each package contains a voucher that can be redeemed for a discounted flight to one of three destinations . billed as ‘ the first snacks with airline tickets’ promotion , the products are being sold at participating carrefour city shops , in selecta vending machines at two paris metro stations , and at an mk2 cinema in paris . once customers enter a code on snackholidays.com they can book one-way flights to barcelona ( €35 ) , dublin ( €40 ) or lisbon ( €40 ) with guaranteed prices , for travel between june 1 and october 24 . customers who purchase the products will find vouchers for cheap flights to barcelona , lisbon or dublin . passengers can already fly to dublin from paris orly airport from €40 , even without a voucher code . according to the fine print , passengers must pay a booking fee on top of the airfare cost , and fees for any checked baggage . a quick scan of transavia’s website found that the savings with a voucher code from one of the packages would mostly be minimal , depending on the day of the flight . passengers can already fly from paris orly airport to barcelona from €35 to €65 , to dublin from €40 to €60 , and to lisbon for €40 to €120 on most days of the week between june 1 and october 24 . the snacks are being sold at participating carrefour city shops , in vending machines and at a cinema . the campaign was supposed to launch last month but was delayed due to the crash of germanwings flight 4u9525 in the alps , french media reported . this is not the first time transavia france has launched a marketing stunt like this . they previously offered discounted airline tickets in exchange for unwanted christmas gifts . based at paris orly airport , transavia france launched in 2007 and is a low-cost subsidiary of air france-klm .