the family of a north carolina toddler who drowned in a pool last week went to set up an online fundraiser to help them with his funeral costs , only to discover that scammers have beat them to the punch . four-year-old austin west passed away last saturday after he slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family 's home in gastonia . austin’s grandfather , jeff west , says that when he attempted to launch a gofundme campaign to raise money to cover his grandson’s final expenses , he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying the deceased boy 's name on the site . family tragedy : austin west , 4 , pictured left and right with his mother , drowned in a pool april 6 while chasing a bumblebee in the yard . preying on the weak : when the toddler 's family went to set up a gofundme account to help raise money towards the funeral , they have discovered several unsanctioned fundraisers . this screen shot shows the real page set up by the wests . ‘ we had a big setback when phony gofundme accounts were set up before i made one , so i do n't know just how many donated to these scams before the real gofundme page got set up , ’ mr west lamented to the station wbtv . ‘ what people will do to make a buck off of a child . ’ the fake fundraisers have since been deleted from gofundme.com , but west says the family are still in desperate financial straits and are in urgent need of donations . on thursday , austin 's grandfather set up a genuine donation page hoping to collect $ 10,000 . as of friday evening , only $ 315 has been raised . a spokesperson for gofundme said in a statement that the company investigates every complaint of fraud it receives . accident : jeff west said his grandson had been taught how to swim young , but the shock of falling into cold water , combined with the boy 's chronic asthma , caused austin to go under . the west family are hoping to raise $ 10,000 to cover the toddler 's funeral costs and related expenses . ‘ in the rare event that we do find fraudulent activity on an account , we have the power to remove the account , refund donors , and ban the user from ever signing up again , ’ the statement read . in the description of jeff west’s campaign , he explains that his 4-year-old grandson , who used to call him ' paw paw , ' had been taught how to swim young , but the shock of falling into cold water , combined with the boy 's chronic asthma , caused austin to go under . the west family also have started another campaign on booster.com selling cotton t-shirts with austin’s picture for $ 15 each to raise additional funds . the west family also have started another campaign on booster.com selling cotton t-shirts with austin’s picture . 