david haye was arrested at dubai airport and held in a police cell over a £341,000 bounced cheque , it has been reported . former two-weight world champion haye , 34 , was stopped by officials on his arrival at dubai international airport and accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced . the boxer , who has not fought since he defeated dereck chisora in july 2012 , also handed over his passport to authorities , and has been unable to leave the united arab emirates - forcing him to miss a mixed martial arts event in birmingham at the weekend . former heavyweight boxing champion david haye was stopped at dubai international airport and questioned over allegations that he wrote a £341,000 cheque which bounced . he is pictured during his trip to dubai . the cheque , worth 1.8million emirati dirham , was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property , as part of a deal with developers emaar , which is part-owned by the dubai government . haye has said the ' bounced ' cheque was down to an administrative error . he told the sun 's michael hamilton : ' the cheque was presented to the bank four days before i landed . it was not due to be presented until final completion of my property , which is due in a few weeks . ' this was an administrative error which is being rectified . i explained to the police and presented documents as proof . but i can totally understand these mistakes can happen . ' writing a cheque that later bounces is a crime in dubai , and can be punishable with jail , a fine , and being ordered to pay the amount . haye had been due to attend a mixed martial arts event in birmingham on saturday but was unable to leave the uae . instead he went to a robbie williams concert in abu dhabi . police give suspects one month to pay the value of the cheque before taking the case to court . figures released last june showed that dubai police dealt with almost 80,000 bounced cheques in 2013-14 , worth 9.4billion dirham , or £1.7bn . according to the sun , haye was held at the airport as he arrived for a holiday earlier this month after he was flagged up on a wanted list . he was reportedly taken to bur dubai police station , which has a department for bounced cheque suspects , and was released the same day . he surrendered his passport , as did two of his associates . the foreign office is understood to have had no involvement in the case . haye has not been seen in the boxing ring since he defeated dereck chisora in july 2012 . he is pictured after the fight at upton park with the wba and wbo international heavyweight championship belts . during his stay in dubai , haye has reportedly been staying at the luxurious palm jumeirah development , and has been tweeting photographs of himself enjoying the sunshine , as well as meeting fans . he posted a video to his instagram account today thanking fans for their concern over an ' administrative issue ' as he walked along a beach in the sunshine . in the video , which he captioned ' do n't worry about me too much ! ! ! ' , he said : ' thanks for all your worry and concern but do n't get too stressed about me , things are n't that bad . ' a little administrative issue has left me in dubai for a few days longer than anticipated but it 's getting smoothed out as we speak and i 'll be back - probably in london or las vegas soon . ' haye had been due to attend a bamma mixed martial arts event in birmingham on saturday , where he was to present a live broadcast for channel spike tv , but was forced to cancel due to his extended stay in dubai . instead , his place on the commentary team was taken by wba super-middleweight champion carl froch . in an instagram message which was also posted to the event 's facebook page , haye said : ' sorry i ca n't be there tonight for bamma 20 , i 'm gutted , i 'm stuck here in dubai but i 'll be there on june 13 in birmingham for bamma 21 . ' ' enjoy the action tonight , it 's going to be great . ' while he should have been in birmingham , haye instead told his 1.05 million twitter followers that he had been to a robbie williams concert in abu dhabi , writing : ' rluctantly came to @ robbiewilliams concert abu dhabi , as not my style of music . but i 'm a fan now , pure old school ! ' [ sic ] . haye has not been seen in the ring since he defeated dereck chisora in july 2012 , while two planned fights against british rival tyson fury have fallen through , the second as a result of shoulder surgery . despite being advised by doctors to give up boxing , he is said to be planning a comeback and hopes to fight again within the next 18 months . since his last fight he has also appeared in the 12th series of i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here , finishing third in the television contest in november 2012 . mailonline has contacted emaar for comment .