authorities forced alleged gang members to reveal their tattoos after they were arrested during a nationwide operation that saw more than 1,200 people detained . teams from homeland security and immigration and customs enforcement ( ice ) stormed properties associated with 239 crime syndicates following a six-week operation known as project wildfire . officials from 215 local , state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons , drugs and cash at the addresses and at least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape , murder and sexual assault . as they were booked into jail , some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink - many of which are believed to be tied to gangs . detained : a gang member arrested during raids by homeland security and customs officials across the country shows off his head tattoo in dallas , texas ( left ) . the letters could mean he was a member of a sureno ( mexican mafia ) gang and was originally based in el paso . another suspect covered in tattoos poses in lubbock , texas ( right ) . images released following the raids show tables covered in confiscated guns and defendants showing off their gang tattoos . the greatest activity took place in the san juan , dallas , el paso , los angeles and detroit . most were u.s. citizens but 199 foreign nationals were also arrested from 18 countries in south and central america , asia , africa , europe and the caribbean . of the individuals arrested , 976 were gang members and associates . homeland security investigation ( hsi ) agents also arrested – or assisted in the arrest – of 231 other individuals on federal and/or state criminal violations and administrative immigration violations , for a total of 1,207 arrests . of the total 1,207 arrested , 1,057 were males and 150 were females . from those in crime syndicates 913 were charged with criminal offenses and 63 were arrested administratively for immigration violations ; 650 had violent criminal histories , including 19 individuals wanted on active warrants for murder and 15 for rape or sexual assault ; and 199 were foreign nationals , of which 151 were gang members and gang associates . suspect : a man shows off his ink before being booked into jail in lubbock , texas , following the nationwide raid where more than 1,200 people were arrested . one of the markings on his back is of the virgin mary . identity : two more suspects reveal their tattoos to the authorities in dallas ( left ) and denver , colorado ( right ) . one of the men has a five-point crown , meaning he could be a member of a the latins king gang while the other has a large cannabis leaf emblazoned on his chest . designs : a pair of alleged gang members pull up their shirts to show their artwork in san antonio , texas ( left ) , and denver , colorado ( right ) . the one on the left has an aztec design , meaning the suspect could be part of a gang with mexican or latin american origins while the clown has a variety of meanings , depending on the facial expression . animated : one man detained in dallas , texas , appears to have a character from the film monsters inc inked into his back in between a woman and an angel . meaning : the man on the left has a spiderweb tattoo , which is said to suggest the wearer is doing time or has served time in prison . the other man has : ' do n't cry for god ' emblazoned on his neck . sarah r. saldaña , the director of the ice , said in a statement : ' criminal gangs inflict violence and fear upon our communities , and without the attention of law enforcement , these groups can spread like a cancer . 'that’s why ice works with law enforcement partners around the country to stamp out gang activity wherever it takes place . ' homeland security 's greg mandoli told fox news : ' this is where grassroots law enforcement starts . this is how we get a baseline read of what’s happening… it all builds on itself…this is what federal agencies , investigative agencies like hsi , are doing to target transnational criminality . 'we’re looking to prevent , deter and protect communities . the public does n't realize what’s happening in a federal investigative agency like hsi and the breath of the investigations that we’re doing . ' so , with project wildfire , we’re looking to take ground information and feed them back into the collective pool ... working with our local partners to identify community threats as we look to prevent , deter and protect the homeland . ' areas : two more suspects show off their inking with the letters ' v ' and ' i ' on one man 's neck in san diego , california and the letters ' tt ' on another in dallas , texas . covered : this suspect apprehended in dallas , texas , has markings all over his body . the american head dress design below is said to symbolize spirituality . one man in denver , colorado , sports an upside down clown on his forearm , which depicts a gang member 's ' play now , pay later ' attitude . another shows off his artwork in los angeles , california . source : u.s. immigration and customs enforcement . contraband : weapons , drugs and money are laid out on a table in san francisco following a raid on properties linked to gangs across the country that led to more than 1,200 arrests . raids : teams from homeland security and immigration and customs enforcement ( ice ) stormed properties in cities including los angeles ( pictured ) associated with 239 crime syndicates following a six-week operation known as project wildfire . questioning : members of a homeland security gang unit speak to an alleged gang member during a traffic stop in san francisco , california . observing : officers inspect an alleged gang member 's tattoos in dallas , texas . the operation began on february 23 and ended on march 31 . bodycam : agents capture footage of an unidentified suspect during one of the raids . taken away : a member of the ice task force arrests an alleged gang member in los angeles , california . preparation : agents gather outside a house in detroit , michigan , just moments before a raid .