a busy town centre was brought to a standstill this afternoon after a mysterious 15-foot sinkhole opened up in the road without warning - almost swallowing a number of cars in the process . motorists had to swerve out of the way of the giant hole after it appeared on the residential earl street in northampton at around 2pm , just hours after part of a london pavement collapsed , swallowing a pedestrian . shocking pictures show the gaping chasm - which was around eight foot ( 2.4 metres ) wide - with a section of surrounding road also looking on the verge of collapse . scroll down for video . enormous : the hole opened up on earl street , northampton , at about 2pm on thursday . blocked : police quickly sealed off the road to avoid anyone falling into the hole , which is about eight foot wide . police quickly closed off earl street , causing traffic chaos and leaving locals without water following damage to a water main . a barmaid from the charles bradlaugh pub , opposite the hole , who did not wish to be named , said : ' we saw it from inside the pub . ' it was weird . it just collapsed but it gave way really slowly . it was gradual . ' i am not at all sure why it happened . it was really strange . ' eyewitness matthew green , 24 , was in the pub when he heard a loud bang . he said : ' i was just having a drink with my mate when there was this loud crashing noise . ' i thought there had been an accident but when i went outside , i saw the road had collapsed . ' the hole is massive . it must nearly cover half of the width of the whole road . ' police were here pretty quick but cars had to swerve out of the way until we went out and stopped them . ' it is incredible . it is like something you would see in a disaster movie . ' gradual : one eyewitness said the road ' gave way really slowly ' as people watched on . unbelievable : another person watching it collapse was ' like something you would see in a disaster movie ' . van driver chris williams , 30 , who was stuck in the traffic which backed as a result of the hole , added : ' i could n't believe it . ' there was loads of traffic . it was horrendous . it backed up for a good few miles . ' he added : ' it was very inconvenient . ' a northamptonshire police spokesman said the incident had been handed over to anglian water from the highways authority and they were no longer involved . an anglian water spokesman added : ' we are still working to get the problem resolved . ' we do not yet know what caused it but fortunately nobody was injured . ' there were six properties without water in the area and it could be days or a couple of weeks until the road is reopened . ' coincidence : the five foot wide by two and a half foot long hole which suddenly appeared in london today . meanwhile , investigations are continuing into how the pavement outside a cafe in fulham , south-west london , came to collapse at about 8.50am . a woman , said to be in her 40s , had to be hospitalised after she fell through the hole into the basement of a cafe . passers-by reported hearing a loud scream before the woman fell into the gap and early reports suggested she had been pushing a pram - although it 's now thought it was a shopping trolley . hammersmith & fulham council said that it is investigating claims that the cafe owner raised the issue with the council two months ago and the causes of the collapse . a council spokeswoman added : ' the council’s structural engineer has carried out an initial investigation of the basement collapse in north end road and secured the site . ' the freeholder of the property is legally responsible for the structural integrity of their basement but we are carrying out a full review of what’s happened and will ensure the site is made safe and all necessary actions are taken once we have a full understanding of how this occurred . '