tracey neville would say she has never lived in the shadow of her footballing brothers . she might not have enjoyed their fame or their financial success . at the peak of her career as an england netball player who won bronze medals at the commonwealth games and world cup , she earned just £742 a month . but there has been no shortage of ambition and no lack of personality . she is phil neville 's twin and i ask her which of them , back on january 21 , 1977 , emerged first . ' i do n't think there was ever any way philip was coming out before me , ' she says in a broad bury accent enriched by an endearing burst of laughter . tracey neville , pictured at hotel football in manchester , is phil neville 's twin and sister to gary neville . neville gives a team talk to her manchester thunder players during a match with surrey storm last year . england coach and sky sports pundit gary neville poses with his sister tracey and her friends . it might explain why it is tracey who has risen to the rank of national head coach first , taking england 's netball team to this summer 's world cup in australia while her brothers continue to combine coaching and broadcasting . gary has spent the past three years as assistant to england manager roy hodgson . tracey was parachuted into the top job on an interim basis last month and will select a squad of 12 for the tournament in august . winning it will be no easy task , even if england are ranked third in the world . they failed to win a medal in last year 's commonwealth games and poor results in a recent test series convinced netball chiefs to turn to 38-year-old neville , who has performed impressively as the boss at manchester thunder . how england perform will impact on funding with up to £4million at stake . the pressure is on . she revived an ageing thunder team with an injection of youth and has secured two superleague titles in three years . they are top of the league and later this month will contest their superleague semi-final at the manchester arena , with some suggesting there are echoes of a certain local football team . like gary and phil , she was first capped for her country at 19 , eventually making 81 international appearances before a knee injury forced her to retire — and she says her personality is probably a mixture of the brothers ' . sportsmail 's chief sports reporter , matt lawton , interviews neville over breakfast at hotel football . phil neville , who now works as pundit with bt sport and the bbc , takes a selfie with his twin sister . neville celebrates with her manchester thunder team after clinching the superleague title in april last year . ' i think we 're all natural leaders , ' she says as she tucks into a cooked breakfast at hotel football , which stands next to old trafford and counts her brothers and manchester united 's other ' class of 92 ' players among its main investors . ' i 'd say i 'm quite intense , like gary . he and i would clash quite a lot . not to the detriment of our relationship . we 're very close . but philip would be the mediator . ' so phil 's the nice one ? ' i think i am , ' she says , chuckling again . ' i 'm probably not as intense as gary and i 'm not the mediator that philip is . i 'm somewhere in the middle . i have bits of both personality traits . ' but i can definitely hold my own with the two of them . i 'm probably the one who winds gary up , to be honest . being a girl i probably know how to push his buttons . ' she says she was never dazzled by the success her brothers enjoyed at united or by the fact that gary 's best mate was david beckham . ' i knew them all when they were earning £29.50 a week in digs , ' she says . and she claims never to have been the sister her brothers turned to for fashion or girlfriend advice . ' we never had those kind of conversations , ' she says . ' and gary and clothes ? i do n't think they are ever in the same conversation really ( cue more laughter ) . neville , who will manage england at the netball world cup , believes she is a natural leader like her brothers . gary neville ( left ) leads wayne rooney , james milner and michael carrick ( l-r ) in england training . neville represents england at the 1998 commonwealth games in kuala lumpur aged just 21 . ' but we have an awesome dynamic . we obviously all have a competitive edge but not to the detriment of each other . as kids we were like a pack of cubs . we always looked after our own and that 's still the case today . we rely on that support system . ' even as kids , her brothers treated her as an equal . ' i was never a girl they put in the field when we played cricket or in goal when we played football , ' she says . ' i was always pretty good at all sports and i would give it my all . ' i would have been a good footballer . i loved playing . my mum was the footballer in the family . she played as a striker . that did n't rub off because like gary and phil i was a defender . in the end the big decision i had to make was between hockey and netball . i 'd made some good friends in netball so that was the option i took . ' understandably , there is what she describes as ' a certain connection ' with phil . ' we probably speak more , ' she says . ' because gary 's so busy i would see more of his family , his kids , than i do him . ' he never talks about himself . he won the award last week ( best sports presenter at the rts awards ) and nobody in the family even knew he was up for it . he would n't say he wants to be the next england manager because his focus will be on the job he 's doing at the moment . and when i told gary i 'd got this job , it was just a one-word text response . ' brilliant , ' he said . there was more from philip . ' unbelievable . so proud . ' i think he tweeted something . that 's the difference . ' before australia she will draw on the experience of both brothers . phil spent a season as assistant coach to david moyes at manchester united . given the opportunity she would also like to pick the brains of sir alex ferguson . neville would love to have a coffee with sir alex ferguson and pick his brains before the netball world cup . phil neville spent last season on the coaching staff at manchester united , with 10 months under david moyes . neville has worked in hospitality and earned a maths degree in bristol and sports science degree in chester . ' if he would n't mind having a coffee with me i 'd love to do that , ' she says . ' but i 've got 30 minutes booked in with gary . ' there are certain challenges in our sport . it 's difficult for the girls to be full-time , and often their jobs become more important because there is n't the financial support . ' i had some difficult financial times as a player . i had great support from my family but i had to take different jobs to support myself . ' i worked in hospitality and got into coaching education and i studied too . i got a maths degree in bristol before studying for a sports science degree in chester . these days i 'm working with girls who are doctors , lawyers , zoologists . ' but i think i 'm a better coach than i ever was a player . one of my strengths is the integration of young players and the way i build a team around a certain ethos . i also have a good understanding of the game . ' the challenge is nevertheless significant , as australia and new zealand are the powerhouses in netball . ' the sport england target is to get to the final but we 've never made a final before , ' she says . ' last year we finished fourth in the commonwealths . the team did n't perform to their best so it 's my job to get them doing that . ' ideally i 'd like to have had longer to prepare . in a perfect world you 'd get a four-year cycle . ' right now the future beyond the world cup is uncertain . we 'll just have to see how it goes . but i had to take this opportunity . i 've always had such passion for england . ' she 's certainly not alone there . lnformation on manchester thunder 's semi-final at the manchester arena is at www.manchesterthunder.com . 