monaco coach leonardo jardim was furious after his side lost 1-0 to what he described as a 'non-existent penalty ' in their champions league quarter-final first leg at juventus on tuesday . the controversial decision will add to calls for the use of video replays as it was still not fully clear what happened , even after several repeats of the incident in slow motion . the spot kick was awarded after juve 's alvaro morata got clear of monaco 's portuguese defender ricardo carvalho as the striker chased a long ball forward from andrea pirlo . ricardo 's carvalho 's initial contact on alvaro morata appeared to come from outside the area . the juventus striker went down under carvalho 's challenge and the referee pointed to the penalty spot . monaco defender carvalho and spanish forward morata crash to the ground in the penalty area . replays showed that carvalho nudged morata just outside the area but the spaniard 's fall took him inside the box and it was not clear whether there was further contact . czech referee pavel kralovec hesitated slightly , possibly consulting his goal line assistant , before pointing to the spot , while carvalho was booked . ' it 's a huge injustice , there was no penalty , ' jardim told reporters . ' we put juventus in difficulties , but the result was based on a non-existent situation in an evenly-balanced match . ' the result was created by an incorrect decision by the team ( of officials ) that referees , ' he added . ' this result is not a fair reflection of what happened on the field . ' ' all teams should have the same duties and rights , ' said the portuguese coach , who has been widely praised for taking an apparently limited team so far . monaco manager leonardo jardim claimed the penalty decision against his side was a ' huge injustice ' . juventus manager massimiliano allegri said carvalho was ' the last man ' , but otherwise preferred not to get involved . ' i did n't see it , so i could n't judge . it seems he was the last man , ' said the phlegmatic coach . ' whether it was inside or outside , i do n't know . ' there was a further surprise when midfielder arturo vidal , rather than forward carlos tevez , stepped up to take the kick . juventus midfielder arturo vidal steps up to score from the spot against monaco during tuesday 's clash . vidal celebrates what turned out to be the winning strike after scoring for juventus against monaco in turin . vidal has already missed two penalties this season , one in the 3-2 group stage win over olympiakos piraeus , and another in the 2-2 draw at cesena in serie a , when he could have scored a late winner . tevez and vidal had wasted good first-half chances in tuesday 's game but the chilean said he was still confident . ' we do n't have a first-choice penalty-taker , it 's a case of whoever has more faith at that moment , ' said vidal . ' i felt i should take it and carlitos agreed . '