boss nigel pearson insists leicester have no margin for error in their relegation fight as they aim to close the gap to safety . the foxes go to west brom on saturday bottom of the barclays premier league and six points adrift from the survival line . a 2-1 win over west ham last weekend gave them a first victory in nine league games and ended a run of just two points from a possible 24 . leicester manager nigel pearson ( fourth right ) talks to his squad during a training session . pearson watches on at the foxes training ground as he plans their route to premier league survival . but with eight games left pearson knows that they can not afford any further slip ups . ' our form has to take that upward trend in terms of results . we do n't really have a buffer to fall back on , we have to perform here on in , ' he said at his pre-match press conference . ' the players have dealt with an awful lot of disappointment but strived to get the performances . that has been the case for the majority of the season . what we have to do now is change those performances into wins . ' people tell me about other people 's run-ins but you will survive or not due to your own results . ' we have to keep it in our hands for as long as possible and we need to win more games . that 's the reality of the situation but we 're capable of it . ' leicester still have to play relegation rivals burnley and sunderland and host qpr on the final day , giving pearson hope . he said : ' we have to play a lot of sides around us . it 's nice to have games where we can directly affect their end to the season but the flip side is they will see it the same way . ' it depends how those fixtures go , you win those and the picture changes . what we have to do is manage the swings in mood which will be in the public domain . ' you win a game or lose a game and there 's a shift in terms of how people perceive it . ' matthew upson ( centre ) is back in contention for the game with west brom after returning from injury . dean hammond ( centre ) is also back in training with leicester following a calf problem . matt upson ( achilles ) and dean hammond ( calf ) are back in training and are available for the trip to the hawthorns , where pearson spent time as coach between 2004 and 2006 . the baggies are holding jeff astle day to honour their former striker and raise awareness for the jeff astle foundation . former albion striker astle died in 2002 aged 59 from a brain condition normally linked to boxing after heading heavy leather footballs during his career . and while pearson believes it is a fine cause he insisted the foxes can not get caught up in the day . he said : ' in many ways it 's for recognition for an outstanding player and person who has achieved an awful lot for the football club . ' it 's great west brom have decided to make an occasion to celebrate jeff astle 's contribution and raise awareness of these types of head injury issues . ' but for us , unfortunately , we have to recognise we are part of the day but our own plight is the most important thing . ' what we ca n't do is get carried away in the occasion . '