police put extra security measures in place after a kiwi man associated with islamic state urged followers to launch attacks targeting anzac day commemorations . kiwi jihadi mark john taylor , who claims to be fighting with islamic state in syria , posted a video on youtube in an attempt to incite violent acts in australia and new zealand during services commemorating anzac day 's centenary . in the video , which has since been removed after 3 news notified authorities , taylor instructed fellow jihadists to act out against police and soldiers . ' now is the time to commence your operations , even if it means you have to stab a few police officers , soldiers on anzac day and so be it . ' scroll down for video . kiwi jihadi mark john taylor has posted a video to youtube urging is sympathisers to attack anzac day services in australia and new zealand . new zealand police commissioner mike bush confirmed taylor was ' known to new zealand authorities ' and that this was not his first attempt at publicly ' airing his views ' . mr bush said police had conducted a thorough assessment of the troubling video and he was satisfied all appropriate measures had been put into place to protect those who plan on attending anzac day services . ' we take our responsibility for the safety and security of new zealanders very seriously and , while we are unable to go into detail , we have already taken further security measures . ' police in new zealand have confirmed they have implemented extra security measures amid growing concerns of a targeted terror attack . ' zealanders should feel confident in attending anzac day events as planned , while exercising their usual vigilance in light of the current global security environment , ' mr bush said . prime minister john key told 3 news the troubling video only further confirms that is are a growing threat to new zealand and its people . ' it just reaffirms what i 've been saying , that is is a war that they are trying to bring to new zealand . ' mr key told reporters that while is enjoy ' inciting fear ' by publicising the atrocities they commit , the group are under extreme scrutiny . ' those people are under…a pretty significant watch from the authorities , so we will continue to watch those people very , very closely . ' ' it just reaffirms what i 've been saying , that is is a war that they are trying to bring to new zealand ' . ' now is the time to commence your operations , even if it means you have to stab a few police officers , soldiers on anzac day and so be it ' . taylor , who left in may 2012 despite having his passport cancelled , is one of very few new zealanders who are known to be fighting for islamic state militants in syria . he reportedly burned his passport upon crossing the syrian boarder and posted to facebook that his move to syria was a 'one-way trip , no going back ' , the guardian reported . before his account was suspended , taylor became an active twitter user and made headlines after he geo-tagged 45 tweets , subsequently revealing his precise location in syria to the whole world . while some claimed he did this unknowingly branding him the ' bumbling jihadi ' , taylor said he had ' every intention ' to display his location . taylor , who left in may 2012 despite having his passport cancelled , is one of very few new zealanders who are known to be fighting for islamic state militants in syria . before his account was suspended , taylor became an active twitter user and made headlines after he geo-tagged 45 tweets , subsequently revealing his precise location to the world . this comes only weeks after an anzac day terror plot was foiled by australian authorities when 200 officers raided properties in south east melbourne . five men were arrested and it was revealed they were allegedly plotting to run over a police officer , savage him with a knife and steal his gun so they could embark on a shooting rampage in the streets of melbourne on anzac day . two of the five men arrested in the pre-dawn raids remain in custody , including sevdet besim , 18 , of hallam , who was charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act . sevdet besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' at the melbourne magistrates court . a second 18-year-old man , of hampton park in melbourne 's southeast , was being held under a preventative detention order , which allows police to hold a person without charge for up to 14 days . a british teenager was also arrested on suspicion of helping to plot the isis-inspired attack during anzac day commemorations . a 14-year-old boy from blackburn , lancashire , allegedly communicated with australian men who had planned to use knives and swords to hack officers to death in melbourne on anzac day . police said the 14-year-old was first arrested on april 2 after they intercepted communications between him and an australian man , allegedly relating to a planned terrorist attack . he was then re-arrested on suspicion that he was instigating a beheading , again on australian soil . the australian federal police confirmed the 14-year-old 's arrest was linked to counter terrorism operations in australia . five men were arrested in anti-terror raids in melbourne , after the culmination of a month-long operation code-named operation rising .