an indian-style bungalow that was built in sussex in the victorian era and preserved to maintain its 1880s facade has gone on the market for £1million . pleasaunce cottage in dormans park near east grinstead has been lovingly upheld to how its first owners intended it in the 19th century . with wood paneling on indoor ceilings and a large veranda at its front , the unique property is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country . it has gone on the market for £985,000 , with historians eager to put it forward for listing to further protect its heritage . pleasaunce cottage in dormans park in east grinstead has gone on sale for almost £1million . the property is one of the last surviving bungalows in britain that were built on the design of victorian houses in india . an early photograph of the house shows how it has been lovingly preserved by its owners since its construction in the late 19th century . inside , original oak panelling adorns the ceilings and walls . the double height living room is one of the house 's main features with a quirky gallery serving as a make-shift office . a sketch of the property 's main sitting room shows how its victorian design has been maintained to how architects originally intended it . built in the 1880s by ra briggs , known as bungalow briggs , the property is not all split over one level as modern bungalows are today . at the time the term was used to describe small , country homes used by the wealthy upper classes as a retreat to escape the heat of pulsing indian cities . the design soon infiltrated british architecture . briggs , a renowned architect , published his interpretation of the style in the 1891 book bungalows and country residences . a hallmark of the traditional indian-victorian bungalow was a large veranda at the front of a property like the one found at pleasaunce cottage . set over 2,542sq ft , the house has four bedrooms , four reception rooms and a cellar . the main sitting room is double height with a gallery and the original inglenook fireplace . its current owner has lived in the property for more than 30 years , having bought the house in 1983 . unlike bungalows as they are referred to today , the property is set over three levels . the original term was not exclusive to one-storey properties , instead referring to mountain retreats favoured by the upper classes . an architect 's drawing of the property in the 20th century . historians are eager to put the house forward for listing to further protect its heritage . one of the house 's most distinct features is its large veranda at the front . these were a common feature among victorian properties in india . the house 's current owner said she fell in love with its unique design and layout when she bought it in 1983 and has tried to preserve its character . other unique features which make the property so notable are two stained glass windows that have victorian messages inscribed on them . one of the four bedrooms in the house that is set over more than 2,000sq ft . original oak and wood flooring has been maintained . the property has four bedrooms , four reception rooms and two bathrooms , one of which is en-suite . it is being sold for £985,000 . 'it’s a great place , i fell in love with it 32 years ago and i still love it after all these years , ' said marian parker , 60 . ' the big drawing room is double height and has this little gallery which i use as a study . the room opens on to the veranda and is a lovely room with lots of light in summer but it also has an open fireplace and is really cosy in winter . ' it looks very different from the front to the back . from the front it looks like a normal bungalow but when you go round to the back it looks like a three-storey house because you can see the cellar . ' with two stained glass windows and an original oak panelling in the hall and lounge , historians are eager to put the property forward to be listed . dr kathryn ferry , an architectural historian and author of the book bungalows , said : ' this is one of the earliest surviving bungalows in britain and certainly one of the most important . ' what makes this one so significant is it was part of a bungalow settlement as if built in india on a hill station where the colonial british went to escape from the heat of the cities , sitting on their verandas in the cool breeze . ' there are a couple of bungalows in the development left but this one is the most original . ' bungalows weren’t about single storey living , they were more of a leisure house and this exemplifies that . bungalows aren’t just boring suburban homes . ' it is not listed but it ought to be . we can’t put it forward for listing yet in case it puts off buyers . but hopefully whoever does buy it will appreciate its importance enough to support a bid to list it . ' the house is being sold by hamptons international for £985,000 and has not yet attracted any offers . a view of the property from one of its gardens . it is set over almost one acre of land in the sussex countryside in east grinstead . while the house is one of many of the same style built in the area by architect ra briggs , historians have described it as one of the best remaining examples of a victorian-indian bungalow . 