tyler walker is a player who could form nottingham forest’s attack for years to come , according to manager dougie freedman . the 18-year-old striker came off the bench to score an impressive first goal of his senior career at brentford on east monday . it took him level with a forest legend of the same surname : his dad des , a scorer just once in 408 games for the club . tyler walker celebrates after scoring his first senior goal for nottingham forest away to brentford . a source of mirth around the dinner table ? quite probably , although the younger walker still has some way to go to match his father’s feats . he has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far , a distance from the 858 senior games , including 59 england caps , of des . still , the game is about goals… . true , and walker junior’s was a peach , controlling a high ball in an instant , shimmying past a defender , and rifling a left-foot shot into the net . it was curiously similar to his old man’s only goal , coming on new year’s day 1992 against luton . he too smashed in an angled shot with his left . the younger walker could already have passed his tally had he done better than skew wide a glorious chance at griffin park . the 18-year-old attacker is son of former england and nottingham forest defender des walker . he seems the real deal though , not just daddy’s boy made good through connections ? that paternal link may have helped initially but since entering the forest academy tyler has proved his pedigree . he began the season in jack lester 's under-18 squad , and made a sizeable impression in january by firing a hat-trick against west bromwich albion in the fa youth cup fourth round . he progressed to forest’s under-21s and scored seven goals in 13 starts , leading freedman to take notice and offer a chance following injuries to britt assombalonga , matty fryatt and dexter blackstock . walker made his debut in the final minute of forest’s 2-0 win over rotherham on march 18 , at the same age his dad did under brian clough 31 years earlier . walker scored a goal of the highest quality as he twisted and turned before firing past david button . freedman presumably knows a good striker when he finds one… . the forest manager is a huge fan of the teenager , hyping him up rather than playing things down . ‘ i believe he can play for the club for a very long time and make the striker 's role his in the very near future , ’ freedman said after the draw against brentford . ‘ i am pleased to stand here and say , “ you have a wonderful young asset at the football club who is only going to get better” . ‘ the biggest advantage is that he is a very well-rounded , level-headed boy that turns up every day and works hard . if he has that mindset then you have a chance . ’ what are his attributes ? as displayed by his goal , walker is two-footed and possesses good balance . he is quick , an intelligent runner , and a smart finisher . he also has a striker’s mentality . as part of the fa youth cup hat-trick he won an argument with team-mate gerry mcdonagh over who would take a penalty , going on to score . the youngest is highly thought of by forest boss dougie freedman , who believes he has a big future .