two best friends who shed an impressive amount of weight and scored top modelling careers prove that with a little determination and self-belief , you can achieve your dreams . jamie jewitt , 24 , and henry rogers , 22 , both admit that when they were in their teens , their self-esteem was at rock bottom . henry , from ealing , reached eighteen stone at his heaviest . before he made his foray into modelling , henry , 22 , was a student and working part-time as an electronic salesman . scroll down for video . henry rogers , 22 , hit 18st at his heaviest , left , but went on an intense two-year diet , including going vegan for a year , and now he 's a sought-after model , right . at this point , he was keen to pursue a career in rugby , which was his passion . however , after reaching 18st , he decided to embark on a strict diet and after shedding the pounds and slimming down to 12st , he landed a job at abercrombie & fitch , where he was scouted by top agency , models 1 . his best friend jamie jewitt , 24 , from essex , weighed 15st before his 15th birthday . jamie was so self-conscious with his looks , he barely posed for any photographs and has hardly any snaps from his teen years . before he made his foray into modelling , left , henry was a student and working part-time as an electronic salesman . after shedding the weight , he landed a job in abercrombie & fitch and his career sky-rocketed from there , right . the men are using their new-found platform to speak out in a bid to break the ' shame ' around body image and insecurity amongst men . after two years of intense and solid training - which included following a strict vegan diet for a year - he shed the excess weight and now weighs 12st . after he shed the weight , his family urged him to go to a casting following years of taunts about the way he looked . the first casting was unsuccessful and he focused on his education . but fearing that he 'd feel defeated , his parents encouraged him to go to a second casting . he was successful and moved out to new york alone to pursue his career in modelling . despite initial setbacks , the pair have since fronted campaigns for tom ford , armani , prada and dolce & gabbana . jamie jewitt , 24 , from essex , pictured left , at school , weighed 15st before his 15th birthday and was so self-conscious he would hardly ever pose for photos . after two years of intense and solid training - which included following a vegan diet for a year - he shed the excess weight and now weighs 12st , right . the duo have even ventured into the world of reality tv , starring on new york 's answer to made in chelsea , taking new york . the boys have , however , left the show to focus on their modelling careers . and now , they say they want to use their new-found platform to speak out in a bid to break the ’shame’ around ‘ body image’ and ‘insecurity’ amongst men . so why do some men struggle to talk about body insecurities ? jamie and henry think it is a ' masculine thing ' . discussing the topic , jamie said : ' this year we have seen women leading the way . the likes of the spice girls encouraged the `` feel good '' movement . they encouraged women coming together and celebrating `` body beautiful '' . ' but , for men , we are all too cowardly to talk about body image and insecurities . even though we are all feeling it , we are not having those discussions down the gym . you don’t want to be that guy that gets a tough time from your mates for talking out . it is silly really . ' after he shed the weight , jamie 's family urged him to go to a casting following years of taunts about the way he looked - and he managed to get spotted and now stars in the biggest designer 's campaigns . the pair want to use their newfound platform for the better and are getting set to promote healthy male body image in a photoshoot with attitude/ateen coming out in june . henry added : ' for some reason men don’t feel like they can admit that they are insecure about their looks , that they don’t feel the same pressures that women do . but with all the women paving the way for us and speaking out so confidently about their insecurities , we thought , why not admit to the world that we’re not always comfortable in our skin either . ' where are the male celebrity ambassadors talking out about body image ? there aren’t any . where are the female celebrity ambassadors talking out about body image ? everywhere . ' from pink to kelly clarkson . women are out there talking loud and proud . we are letting the side down . ' the pair are getting set to promote healthy male body image in a photoshoot with attitude/ateen coming out in june . 