when it comes to glamour , the bride is expected to be the centre of attention on her big day . but when andy murray and his long-term girlfriend tie the knot today , kim sears will have stiff competition from the mothers . judy murray , 55 , who has had a makeover since her appearance on strictly come dancing last year , is said to have spent months planning her outfit . but she could be outshone by leonore sears , 53 , who has long been admired on the tennis circuit by gentlemen of a certain vintage . scroll down for video . glamorous : kim 's mother leonore sears , 53 , centre , has long been admired by those on the tennis circuit . makeover : judy murray has undergone a transformation since her appearance on strictly come dancing . blushing bride : however , it is still unlikely either of them will manage to outshine kim , pictured leaving the cathedral with her soon-to-be husband andy on friday . with her long blonde hair and trim figure , the south african – who works for cambridge university press and lives in sussex with husband nigel , 58 – bears a strong resemblance to her daughter . the ceremony , in murray’s home town , dunblane , is being hailed there as the event of the year . one charity shop has displayed mannequins of the bride and groom , while many are calling it scotland’s royal wedding . dunblane cathedral has been decked out with trees for the ceremony – perhaps inspired by the way westminster cathedral was decorated for the wedding of the duke and duchess of cambridge in 2011 . the whole town is excited about the local tennis star returning to tie the knot . butcher john hill from john hills butcher has made prosecco sausages . butcher connor wilson from bennets the butcher in dunblane has made ' sweetheart burgers ' . a hair salon send their best wishes to andy and kim . graham fleming is pictured hanging out the bunting as the town prepares for ' their royal wedding ' . murray and miss sears , both 27 , who met ten years ago , were initially expected to marry in the small chapel at cromlix house , the luxury hotel owned by the tennis star . the former wimbledon champion has said the wedding will not be a star-studded affair , with the biggest name on the guest list likely to be former british no 1 tim henman . the couple are also said to have delayed their honeymoon until the end of the year to accommodate murray’s tennis schedule . trees were wheeled into dunblane cathedral earlier today ahead of the nuptials . preparations were in full-swing all day today for the wedding tomorrow . trees line dunblane cathedral ahead of the wedding ceremony . the local papers have dedicated their coverage to the happy couple . 