a 46-year-old man was sentenced to life in prison on monday after shooting dead a father and son because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago . alfred guy vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon , 39 , on prince edward island last august . as he was escorted from the courtroom , he screamed : ' you 've sentenced me to life and i sent them to death ' , while the judge called the brutal double-murder an act of ' hatred and misdirected vengeance ' . vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 . brent 's father , herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving . scroll down for video . ' revenge ' : alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , has been sentenced to life in prison after shooting dead brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon ( both pictured ) , 39 , because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago . the defendant was told that he will not be eligible for parole for 35 years . crash : vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 . brent 's father , herbert , who was behind the wheel , received a nine-month sentence . above , a newspaper photo of the crash . after more than 40 years of torment , vuozzo confronted the driver 's son , brent , and grandson , brendon , in their home on st mary 's road , near the town of montague , ctv news reported . he shot them both in 'execution-style ' killings to avenge his sister 's death - despite neither victim having had anything to do with the crash that had claimed the life of his sibling all those years ago . in february , vuozzo pleaded guilty to the first-degree murder of brent and the second-degree murder of brendon . at the time , he told the court that when cathy was killed , ' our lives were ruined ' . he added he had needed to do something for her . ' call me a cold-blooded killer , but i 'm not , ' he said . before his sentencing on monday , vuozzo said herbert 's ' short ' sentence ' has haunted me all my life ' , saying : ' that 's all her life was worth . she only had nine years in this world . and nobody cared . ' shooting : after more than 40 years of torment , vuozzo confronted the driver 's son , brent , and grandson , brendon , in their home near montague , prince edward island , and shot them . above , police at the scene . emergency vehicle : he killed both in 'execution-style ' slayings to avenge his sister 's death - despite neither victim having had anything to do with the car crash that claimed the life of his sibling all those years ago . however , crown lawyer john diamond told the provincial supreme court in charlottetown that vuozzo was a 'cold-hearted ' murderer who had shot his victims with a handgun to get ' revenge ' . ' it was revenge . he was a cold-hearted and calculated individual , ' he told the court , cbc reported . mr diamond also called the double-murder on august 20 ' callous ' , ' pointless ' , and the worst crime in the island 's history , adding that it has caused life-long pain for surviving mcguigan family members . in a victim impact statement , brent 's wife and brendon 's mother , marie mcguigan , who was home at the time but was not targeted by a hell-bent vuozzo , said ' a part of me died with them that night ' . attack : in february , vuozzo pleaded guilty to the first-degree murder of brent and the second-degree murder of brendon . he said that when cathy was killed , ' our lives were ruined ' . above , the scene of the killings . meanwhile , brent 's only daughter , donna , said she has been consumed by hatred . ' i feel so much anger and hatred that it scares me . i hate that they died this way and it haunts me , ' she sobbed . at an earlier hearing , gerald quinn , prosecuting , explained how cathy had been fatally thrown from a car being driven by her father when it was struck by mr mcguigan , who was driving a truck , in 1970 . the youngster 's father and two other children also received minor injuries in the crash , but herbert was not injured , the eastern graphic reported . cathy died on the scene near commercial road . mr mcguigan has since passed away . referring to brent and brendon , quinn said : ' these two men , by all accounts , were good hard-working men , had no involvement whatsoever in the motor vehicle accident years ago , at all . he added : ' this gentlemen [ vuozzo ] had no familiarity with them other than knowing who they were . he walked into the home and he shot them both multiple times and killed them . ' thane maceachern , defending , argued that the defendant had no previous criminal record and had suffered from depression and mental illness prior to the shootings , according to cbc . vuozzo , of lower montague , will be 81 by the time he is eligible for parole . the first 25 years ' ineligibility are for his first-degree murder charge , while the other 10 years are for killing brendon . in 2011 , federal legislation was passed allowing courts to impose consecutive periods of parole ineligibility in cases where defendants have been convicted of multiple murders . 