wayne rooney and his england team-mates were upset by the sloppy , uninspired way they started in italy on tuesday night . nine months on from meeting at the world cup , the three lions faced the azzurri once more in a glamour friendly at the juventus stadium . hopes were high after seven straight wins but roy hodgson 's men struggled in the first half , deservedly falling behind to a graziano pelle header in turin . england captain wayne rooney issues instructions during the 1-1 draw against italy on tuesday night . rooney said he and the rest of the england players were upset by their first half performance . however , half-time brought with it renewed enthusiasm and england dominated the second period , levelling in style through andros townsend and going close to turning a 1-1 into an away triumph . ' we have ( moved on from the world cup ) and i think that 's why we were so disappointed with the first half , ' england skipper rooney said . ' we know we 're better than that . even though we had a lot of changes , we know we are a better team than what we showed first half . ' we were upset , i 'll be honest , in the dressing room after the first half . everyone was upset with the way we performed . rooney and the rest of the england squad arrived back from italy on wednesday after their flight was delayed . the squad were supposed to fly home on tuesday night after the match but a technical fault caused delay . ' it showed great character from everyone to go out in the second half to put in the performance we did , to get back in the game and were unlucky not to go on and win it . ' italy are a great team and i think one of their biggest strengths is seeing the game out . ' we worked hard , we pushed the ball well , showed a lot of composure on the ball and created chances . ' on another night we might have scored another goal , but i think overall probably a draw for both teams was a fair result in the way the game went . ' graziano pelle opened the scoring as england deservedly went behind in the first half against italy . andros townsend equalised for roy hodgson 's side during a much-improved second period . things certainly ended positively for england , with rooney dovetailing well with full debutant harry kane as hodgson 's second-half introductions stated their case . ross barkley was one of the stand-out performers , with the second-half substitute showing flashes of the form which impressed so many last summer . ' ross is a terrific player , ' rooney said . ' he is a terrific young player and i think he can have an impact when he comes on . ' he did that , he took the ball , he ran at the italian defenders and made it difficult for them . ' hopefully , he can kick on now for the rest of the season . '