tim sherwood will consider selling christian benteke this summer if aston villa’s star striker insists he wants to leave the club . benteke has two years left on his contract once this season is completed and harbours ambitions to play in europe . sherwood said the belgium international had given no suggestion he would like a transfer away and appeared to be enjoying his football at villa park . but the villa manager admitted that , were the 24-year-old to demand a move , as he did two years ago , he would be inclined to sanction it . villa are believed to value benteke at upwards of £25million and wolfsburg have monitored his situation . benteke has scored eight goals in his last six matches . aston villa striker christian benteke could be sold in the summer if he wants to go , says boss tim sherwood . the 24-year-old has two years left on his contract but harbours ambitions to play in europe . sherwood said there would likely be talks over benteke’s £50,000-a-week contract during the summer . ‘ we don’t want to sell our best players , ’ said sherwood . ‘ i also want players who want to play at the football club . ‘he’s made no indication to me that he wants to play elsewhere . if he does then we will assess the situation but we want to keep him at the club . ‘ you can’t force any player , i’ve been one myself . you might as well take the money because you end up without the money or the player if you don’t take it . ’ sherwood said there would likely be talks over benteke’s £50,000-a-week contract during the summer . ‘ i know better how tottenham went about their business regarding their contracts . i’m not too sure how they go about it here , ’ said sherwood . ‘ but it’s certainly something that will have to be addressed . you don’t really want players going into the last 18 months of their contract , he’s someone for the long-term future and you need to protect your interests . ’ sherwood accepts winning the fa cup , meaning a place in the europa league , could help . ‘ that would put everyone in a good mood , not only christian , ’ he said . ‘ i think he is enjoying his time here and everyone is seeing that . he is a top player . we have a lot of top players in here and no-one wants to fight relegation . if we can get through this season we will build something where we are going to step upwards — we won’t be in that position again . ’ sherwood also wants to wipe any smile from raheem sterling’s face by causing an fa cup shock at wembley on sunday . benteke ( second left ) scored the only goal of the game as villa won 1-0 at tottenham on april 11 . that goal at white hart lane was the belgium international 's eighth in his last six games for club and country . footage this week emerged showing the liverpool forward inhaling nitrous oxide , a legal high commonly known as laughing gas because it creates feelings of euphoria . sherwood said : ‘let’s hope he’s not laughing after sunday . ’ the villa boss knows his ambitions to beat liverpool and reach the fa cup final may rest on taming sterling , a player he tried to sign for tottenham’s academy as a schoolboy . the 20-year-old is enduring a tough time off the pitch , in a contract stand-off with liverpool and coming under question for his recreational activities . sherwood added : ‘ i have a wee bit of sympathy . i am not condoning it , but he is a young man , isn’t he ? he obviously has fortunes but is growing up like everyone else . it is tough in the public eye . ’ raheem sterling ( right ) was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season . another liverpool player sherwood discussed on friday was steven gerrard , whose birthday falls on the fa cup final on may 30 . those associated with the merseyside club feel an ideal silverware send-off is brewing before gerrard heads to la galaxy . ‘ believe it or not it’s not about spoiling the party for steven gerrard , ’ insisted sherwood . ‘it’s about what we can do . to be honest we’re hoping he’s on his holiday in may . ’ sherwood played against a teenage gerrard in his latter days and hailed the 34-year-old’s clear talent from the off . he added : ‘i’m sure steven could still do a job for a premier league side but i’m not sure he can go and play for anyone other than liverpool . he can earn £1 a week or £200,000 , he’ll still play the same way . that’s a dying breed — there aren’t many of them about . ’ liverpool have captain steven gerrard ( centre ) back for the fa cup semi after serving a three-match ban . sherwood has led a villa resurgence since taking over in february , steering the club away from relegation danger and into this wembley showpiece . they are on a run of four wins in seven . he believes his team can upset favourites liverpool . ‘it’s a very exciting game , a great opportunity for this club to get to an fa cup final , ’ he said . ‘i’ve lost semi-finals myself , not a great feeling . ‘we’re going in with a positive state of mind . this club’s relegation is not at stake , it is about us maybe getting some glory for the football club . ‘ we have the mindset to win the game , impose ourselves on a very good liverpool side . we have a good blend of players who can play and maybe go direct at times . we’re prepared to mix it up , we have a plan . ’ sherwood has led villa to a run of four wins in seven matches ahead of sunday 's semi-final at wembley .