melissa wilson and her team-mates are on the brink of making history . on saturday , at the 161st oxford-cambridge boat race , the women’s crews will battle the same thames course as the men , who will follow an hour later . after decades of campaigning and 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators , they get equal billing . and for wilson’s grandfather , 85-year-old richard cowell , from east kilbride , it will be a momentous day . he is not up to the journey to watch his granddaughter compete for cambridge but will still see the race , which will be televised for the first time . wilson , 21 , said : ‘ i remember when i was 14 watching with my dad and my brother and saying “ are there going to be women on ? ” they laughed — not in a malicious way — and said : “ there aren’t any women , you could cox i guess” . so the fact that 10 years on there is a women’s race on the tideway and i’m in it is pretty remarkable . it’s so wonderful that my grandfather will be able to watch it , too . ’ melissa wilson ( left ) and caroline reid of cambridge women 's boat crew at thames rowing club in london . clare balding gave up her regular stint on channel 4’s grand national coverage to present the event because she wants to send a message about the importance of women’s sport . ‘ it was a big decision to make , ’ said balding . ‘ but there will never be another first women’s boat race on the tideway . ’ her statement was welcomed by caroline reid , the cambridge president . ‘ it brings the attention of another audience , people who follow clare , ’ said reid , 24 . ‘ maybe people who support the grand national disagree but they will at least be aware it’s happening and that is a good thing . ’ wilson , a third year english literature student and reid , in her fifth year of veterinary medicine , rise at 5.30am each day for training , gym work and lectures , then it’s back out on the river in the afternoon . cambridge women 's boat crew including wilson ( front ) rowing the thames . reid , claire watkins and wilson prepare ahead of the boat race next saturday . until this year , the women’s race was held a week before the men’s at henley . the course was 1.2 miles compared with this year’s 4.22 mile battle from putney to mortlake . ‘ at henley it’s straight , so conditions are largely the same the whole way down , ’ said reid . ‘ tideway conditions change because the river bends . there’s a different mental and tactical side , which is exciting . ’ but reid refuses to be seen as a pioneer . ‘ the first women’s race was in 1927 and there were a lot of people against it , talking about whether women should be rowing at all and what they should be wearing , so they were the pioneers . we’re just carrying on in their footsteps , ’ she said . 