depraved militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have brutally stoned two gay men to death only seconds after they were photographed embracing and ' forgiving ' them . the shocking images were taken in isis-held territory in the province of homs and show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis . huge , bloodthirsty crowds are seen in the desert clearing where the group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their ' sins ' , before pummeling them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks . shocking : the group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their ' sins ' , before pummeling them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks . brutal : the shocking images were taken in isis-held territory in the province of homs and show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis . images of the horrific murder emerged on social media this afternoon and were hurriedly shared online by isis sympathisers who claim the photographs reveal the terrorists ' compassionate side . the sequence of four images begin by showing two blindfolded men standing side-by-side in a desert clearing while a group of isis gather alongside the on motorbikes . one of the two victims - who has curly hair , a thick beard and wears a black leather biker jacket - appears resigned to his fate as one of his soon-to-killers shoulders rests his hand of his shoulder . a second shot shows a close-up of the killers embracing the men and apparently forgiving them . the act appears to be genuine and there is nothing to suggest the victims mistakenly thought they had been pardoned . their remarkably calm demeanor is instead likely to have been due to the men having been given a cocktail of medication to reduce their anxiety . isis is known to have used similar mind-altering drugs both in filmed executions and when carrying out public amputations . a third image shows a huge crowd of young men and boys gathered in the desert clearing to watch the atrocity take place . preparing to die : one of the two victims - who has curly hair , a thick beard and wears a black leather biker jacket - appears resigned to his fate as one of his soon-to-killers shoulders rests his hand of his shoulder . bloodthirsty : a large crowd of men and boys gathered in the desert clearing to watch isis ' latest atrocity . wearing traditional arab clothing , the bloodthirsty audience stand in a semi-circle only feet away from the spot where the men will be barbarically murdered . a number of motorbikes are seen in the background , suggesting that 's how many of the onlookers arrived at the execution site . the final image shows the two victims ' battered bodies on the ground as a group of at least four isis executioners stand over them , raining down rocks . news of the shocking murder comes as it emerged that armed forces battling against isis over the border in iraq will finally receive the first batch of f-16 fighter jets it ordered four years ago . the shipment is expected to boost iraq 's capabilities in battling isis in the country . lt. gen. anwar hama amin said the fighters would arrive on july 12 along with the u.s.-trained iraqi pilots and spare parts and would immediately begin carrying out operations , according to a statement posted late wednesday on the defense ministry 's web site . iraq ordered the 18 jets for nearly £2 billion in 2011 to supplement its almost non-existent air force .