irina shayk 's latest job involves posing in a swimsuit and shades while being filmed writhing around a pool with a hunky male model . tough gig . the russian supermodel , 29 , split from her partner of five years , footballer christiano ronaldo , in january , saying she felt ' ugly standing next to the wrong man ' . but she looks anything but in the steamy new video and campaign for linda farrow eyewear . scroll down for video . linda farrow eyewear 's spring summer 15 campaign shows irina get close to jarrod scott . the video follows the couple cavorting around an la pool in the sunshine , wearing the latest ss15 styles . the behind-the-scenes film shows stunning irina slowly emerging from the glistening water wearing a pair of linda farrow specs , and not much else . she has teamed the retro-inspired sunglasses collection with a plunging metallic swimsuit which shows off her fabulous figure to perfection . her stylish male companion , model jarrod scott , smiles and observes her from a distance . jarrod then jumps in the pool himself and gives the camera his best blue steel look as he slicks back his hair . irina , meanwhile , watches him lustfully from over her shoulder , in a new pair of specs . the stunning model , 29 , is seen slowly emerging from the glistening water . irina and jarrod are filmed in a cosy embrace on several occasions . linda farrow round frame gold plated sunglasses . buy at net-a-porter now ! visit site . with summer on its way we 're already planning our holiday wardrobes . but as well as our bikinis , floaty dresses , sandals and sun cream we need to update our sunglasses . there 's no point looking fly if our shades are so last season . so let 's take inspiration from this rather fabulous campaign for linda farrow eyewear . irina shayk looks incredible in a selection of styles by this high end accessories designer and if you 're feeling flush then this is the name to invest in . in fact , if your summer look is all about glamour then irina 's gold plated pair is the ideal option . click to buy them now at net-a-porter ( right ) and watch how they transform any outfit . $ 1105 is a lot of money to spend on sunnies , we do get it , but these will last year after year so are worth every penny . if you 're not willing to part with that much cash then how about one of our less expensive versions below ? topshop , sole society , oxydo and karen walker will all help you get the look for less . topshop gold round frame sunglasses . visit site . sole society heather frosted round sunglasses . visit site . oxydo 50mm round metal accent sunglasses at nordstrom . visit site . karen walker gold round frame sunglasses at farfetch . visit site . later , the pair are filmed in an embrace on a sun lounger , as jarrod lies on her chest and looks up at her face . in another clip from the steamy video he nuzzles into irina 's neck , before taking a close , lingering look at his own reflection whilst wearing a pair of oversized metallic aviators . jarrod gives the camera his best blue steel look as he slicks back his hair . later , the model takes a close , lingering look at his own reflection . linda farrow 's ss15 campaign is titled wanderlust , and was shot in los angeles by mariano vivanco . the new collection claims to ' deliver an extended palette to compliment the accenting details of the frames . ' colours range from neutrals to frosted shades of pastels , but the standout styles are the shiny metallic and liquid gold styles . in the behind-the-scenes clip we 're treated to footage of the very sexy shoot . irina 's incredible figure is made the focus in a number of plunging swimsuits . newly-single irina looks on top form dressed in skimpy swimwear and little else . the shoot , styled by simon robins , sees irina sport a selection of large mirrored frames . the 29-year-old teams her shades with a collection of plunging metallic swimsuits . one of the star 's costumes includes a bronze swimsuit complete with low-cut neckline and halterneck design . irina shayk attends vanity fair 's 2015 tribeca film festival party in nyc on wednesday .