this is the heart-rending moment a teenage boy learnt that he could be adopted by his caseworker two years after making a desperate plea for a family . davion navar henry only , 16 , had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars . in 2013 he stood before his florida church to beg for someone to adopt him , and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker . scroll down for video . emotion gets the better of him : ' thank you all for being my family , ' davion ( above ) said during the adoption proceedings . finally found his forever home : davion only was formally adopted by his former caseworker connie going ( above ) on wednesday . end of a long road ; ' i 've always loved him , the same as my other children . my commitment to him is for his whole life , ' said going of davion ( above with going 's daughter carly ) . throughout davion 's search for a family , and his years in the system , connie bell going , had been by his side - and on wednesday she officially became his mother . ' this is a special day for a lot of people . this room is a testament to all the lives you have touched , ' judge raymond gross told davion in a clearwater courtroom wednesday according to the tampa bay times . ' not just your new mom and siblings , but so many , many people . when you were given a bad hand , you did n't accept it . you stood up and said , `` i 'm worthy . i want you to hear me . '' you 've waited a long time for this day . ' when asked why she wanted to adopt the teenager , connie put her hand on davion 's shoulder and said : ' i 've always loved him , the same as my other children . my commitment to him is for his whole life . ' a number of people were said to be in tears in the courtroom . before coming to his decision the judge had asked connie 's daughters if they agreed to the adoption , to which her eldest , 17-year-old carly , replied ' it feels right ' . going said of davion ; ' when it was davion 's turn to speak he remained silent , but did say at the end of the process ; ' thank you all for being my family . ' firm family bond : davion , 16 , who captured hearts in 2013 when he made a plea for a family to ' love him forever ' . davion plays on the xbox in his bedroom with his mom connie sitting behind him together with her daughter carly , 17 , and her adopted son , taylor , 14 . going has admitted that it has not always easy integrating him into her existing family , but she said it was worth it . since august , davion has been spending weekends with connie and her daughters , sydney , 21 , carley , 17 , and with her adopted son taylor , who is now 14 . then in december , going took the steps to begin the adoption process and davion moved with the rest of the family into a larger home . since then there have fights and tables have been flipped , but in the end everyone loves one another , and she is prepared for the challenges . ' i 'm okay with messy and difficult , ' she told the tampa bay times . ' you just have to have your armor on all the time , but it 's more than worth it . and every day things get a little bit better . ' davion became an example of the struggle faced by many teenagers in the system when in 2013 he stood up and told worshipers at his church : ' my name is davion and i 've been in foster care since i was born . i know god has n't given up on me , so i 'm not giving up either . ' he then said : ' i 'll take anyone . old or young , dad or mom , black , white , purple . i do n't care . and i would be really appreciative . the best i could be . ' davion only , 16 , has been adopted by his old case worker , connie bell going in florida ( above ) . she has known the teen since he was seven years old . davion had been in the foster care system his entire life . davion ( above ) captured hearts in 2013 when he made a plea in front of a st petersburg church congregation for a family to ' love him forever ' . most of all , davion said he just wanted a family that would ' love him forever ' . millions of people around the country soon heard about davion 's story , and the young boy was even interviewed by barbara walters on the view , which all eventually led to him being adopted by a minister in ohio and his family . that is until davion got into a fight with one of the other children , and the minister sent him back to florida , and back to live in the foster care system . after davion returned , people kept asking going what it was that went wrong and caused him to be sent back after just three months . ' that boy spent his whole life in the system , that 's what went wrong , ' she said . making matters worse , davion and miss connie , as he calls her , did not speak when he came back to florida . davion had cut himself off from other people , playing video games as he quickly went through four different homes and four schools in less than year . davion only ( pictured above with connie going at the church where he made his speech in 2013 ) was adopted by a minister in ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister 's children . going says she had begun to call him numerous times , but he always hung up the phone . then , one night last july , davion called up miss connie and asked her the question he had been asking since they first met when he was only a little boy . ' do you remember what i asked you before ? ' he said . ' well , how do you feel about adopting me now ? ' for the first time since he had asked , going was finally able to give him the answer he wanted to hear . the 52-year-old case worker has three children of her own , one adopted and two biological daughters , and was a single mother , but she was no longer davion 's case worker , which made the process easier . from august through december he started spending more and more time with the family , a perfect fit as he was already close to going 's adopted son taylor . then , in december , going got a lawyer and began the process of adopting davion . davion only ( pictured above in church three years ago ) called and asked miss connie if she would adopt him last july . davion got his first bedroom , his first set of siblings , and , most importantly , the one thing he had been hoping for all along . ' i guess i always thought of you as my mom , ' davion said to going last december . ' only now i get to call you that for real , right ? ' davion officially became part of the family in february however , when after he and going celebrated their birthdays , which fall on the same date , they went home and sat around the table for cake with his three siblings and signed the court papers . after 16 years davion was finally home . what 's more , because of that day in september 2013 when davion stepped up on the pulpit , hundreds of others have been adopted as well . ' i guess i always thought of you as my mom , ' davion ( above in 2013 ) said to going last december .