natasha jonas , the first female boxer to represent great britain in an olympic games , has announced her retirement from the sport . the liverpool-born 30-year-old made history when she took on eventual gold medallist katie taylor of ireland in the first round of the women 's lightweight competition at london 2012 . jonas , a former world and european bronze medallist , said : ' it just felt like the right time to retire . ' being away from camp to recover from my recent injury has given me time to think and i just came to the conclusion that i did not want to go back to the demands of full-time training . natasha jonas has announced that she will retire from boxing after a successful career in the ring . ' when i started boxing 10 years ago i was an overweight , unemployed scally from toxteth and if you 'd have told me then that i would win a world championship medal and compete in front of 10,000 people at the olympic games i would never have believed it , so i am very proud to have achieved those things and done so well in the sport . ' i have been to some great places , had some amazing experiences and being able to share them with such a fantastic group of people is something i will treasure forever . ' although jonas lost her bout with taylor , she was widely praised for her performance in front of a crowd which registered the loudest noise of any event at the 2012 games at 113.7 decibels . the 30-year-old made history when she became the first female boxer to represent gb in the olympics . great britain team-mate and olympic champion nicola adams said : ' i have trained , competed and travelled all over the world with natasha for the last five years so will be really sad to see her leave . ' over the years she has been a brilliant campaigner for the sport and has done so much to progress women 's boxing in this country . she was the first woman to ever box for great britain , the first to qualify for the olympics and the first to box at the games , so she has achieved a lot and been a great ambassador for the sport . she will be missed by all of the team . '