you could soon unlock your phone simply by holding it up to the side of your face . researchers have created a sensor that can recognise the unique shape of your ear , your palm or any other body part you want to use to access your device . called bodyprint , the technology turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner removing the need to specialist hardware such as fingerprint readers or infrared cameras . scroll down for video . researchers at yahoo labs in california have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device ( shown ) . bodyprint was devised by christian holz , senaka buthpitiya , and marius knaust from the california-based yahoo labs . details of its algorithm are included in their paper , bodyprint : biometric user identification on mobile devices using the capacitive touchscreen to scan body parts . the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby . the credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of ten feet ( three metres ) . salt connects to an app on a user’s android handset or iphone via bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet , where the firm suggests the salt card is stored . the card was created by illinois-based duo joel paglione and niko zistakis.. . they claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year , based on the belief that the average phone user unlocks their phone 150 times a day . ' recent mobile phones integrate fingerprint scanners to authenticate users biometrically and replace passwords , making authentication more convenient for users , ' explained the researchers . ' however , due to their cost , capacitive fingerprint scanners have been limited to top-of-the-line phones , a result of the required resolution and quality of the sensor . ' they continued that while the input resolution of a touchscreen is around six dots per inch ( dpi ) - meaning it ca n't capture the level of detail in a fingerprint - the surface area is larger than a more advanced reader . this allows the touch sensor ' to scan users’ body parts , such as ears , fingers , fists , and palms by pressing them against the display . ' to accept an incoming call , users would only need to press their ear against the phone . during tests with 12 participants , bodyprint classified body parts with 99.98 per cent accuracy and identified users with 99.52 per cent accuracy . this accuracy was highest when scanning the ear due to its more unique shape and size . it’s not just ears that could be used for identification – your first , phalanges ( in your fingers ) , palm or just your fingertips could also be used ( shown ) . this means that just gripping the phone could unlock it for you . a video demonstrating the technology revealed bioprint can also be used to add multiple users to a single device . so , for example , if something required dual identification then both people could provide it . it’s not just ears that could be used for identification - your fist , phalanges ( in your fingers ) , palm or your fingertips could also be used . this means that just gripping the phone could unlock it for you . there 's no news yet on when the feature might be made available to manufacturers , but the team says their next step is to continue testing . to accept an incoming call , users would only need to press their ear against the phone ( example shown ) . during tests with 12 participants , bodyprint classified body parts with 99.98 per cent accuracy and identified users with 99.52 per cent accuracy .