carol chandler at southwark crown court to answer charges of historic sexual abuse . a female teacher accused of abusing a pupil at chancellor george osborne’s old school appeared in court today . carol chandler , 53 , allegedly molested a boy , under the age of 14 who was a pupil at top independent school st paul’s in barnes , south west london , during the 1980s . she is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985 . chandler appeared at southwark crown court in a mint green wool skirt suit , black court shoes and silver jewellery . the charges have not yet been formally put and chandler has not entered pleas . judge jeffrey pegden qc told chandler : ‘ yes madam , you have heard the next important hearing date for the case is going to be on 9 july . ’ he added : ‘ i renew your bail until that date on the single condition that is obviously necessary and i am sure you wouldn’t dream of it anyway - not to contact directly or indirectly any prosecution witnesses . ’ occupying a 45-acre site beside the thames , near hammersmith bridge , st paul’s boasts facilities including a purpose-built art gallery and 230-seat theatre , which are second to none . famous former pupils of the top school , established in 1509 , include the chancellor , who attended the £32,000-a-year school in the eighties , mumford and sons banjo player winston marshall and tv presenter dan snow . chandler is accused of 3 counts of indecent assault and 2 counts of gross indecency on a boy under 14 . top school : occupying a 45-acre site beside the thames , near hammersmith bridge , st paul’s boasts facilities including a purpose-built art gallery and 230-seat theatre , with facilities second to none . famous former pupils of the £32,000-a-year school , established in 1509 , include chancellor george osborne , mumford and sons banjo player winston marshall and tv presenter dan snow . former attorney general dominic grieve was also a pupil in the sixties . chandler is one of five people charged with alleged historical sex offences at the school as part of operation winthorpe - a probe into st paul’s and its prep school colet court . chandler , of ercall lane , wellington , shropshire , is charged with three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency on a male under the age of 16 between 1983 and 1985 . she was released on bail ahead of a plea and case management hearing on 9 july at southwark crown court . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .