women are undervaluing themselves and asking for less pay than they should – widening the gender pay gap , it is claimed . research found that women applying for jobs through recruitment agencies remain coy about asking for asking a decent wage package . a study found women routinely ask for £4,000 less for a typical job , but that this widens to up to £10,000 less in more senior industries such as accountancy . gender gap widening : a study found women routinely ask for £4,000 less for a typical job , but that this widens to up to £10,000 less in more senior industries such as accountancy . on average , women ask for almost a fifth less than men , rising to nearly a third less in some financial sectors . not only do they ask for less than their male colleagues , but they are also asking for below what they could typically expect to earn in their industry . new research from reed.co.uk found that female applicants state their ‘ anticipated salary’ as £19,900 , on average , while men asked for £23,800 . expected salaries varied by industry with women asking for 29 per cent less than men in accountancy , 22 per cent less in banking , 21 per cent less in the energy sector and 18 per cent lower in education . a qualified male accountant expected to earn £47,000 in their next role compared to just £36,400 for women with the same experience . the gender gap narrowed in the manufacturing industry and the legal sector to just 9 per cent . and in the it and security industry , women actually asked for higher pay , albeit just 2 per cent more – reversing the trend . the findings were released to coincide with equal pay day today , to raise awareness of the gender pay gap . east anglia and the east midlands had the largest gender difference in expected salaries , while north west england had the smallest . lynn cahillane , of uk jobs website reed , said : ‘ our latest research shows a major difference in the pay expectations of men and women . ‘ whatever your gender , it’s important to never undervalue your worth at work , so if you’re thinking about looking for a new job . selling themselves short : east anglia and the east midlands had the largest gender difference in expected salaries , while north west england had the smallest , according to the research from reed.co.uk . ‘ if you’re happy in your current job but feel you’re not getting paid enough , then it’s time to take on one of the tougher tasks we all face whilst in employment – negotiating a pay rise . ’ the study also showed ‘ a stark contrast’ between what women expect to get paid and what’s actually on offer . using the website’s ‘ average salary checker’ tool , reed.co.uk found many female applicants asked for less than their industry’s average . women on boards ( wob ) said that female workers were kept in the dark about what their male colleagues were earning , making it hard to know how much to request . fiona hathorn , of wob – which campaigns for more women in the boardroom – said : ‘ i think it is unrealistic to suggest that women are expecting less when pay levels are often not transparent in organisations . ‘ i believe it is the responsibility of the company , not the employees , to make than men and women are paid same . ‘ research has also shown that women need to be very careful about asking for more money . ‘ stereotypical unconscious biases are alive and kicking in the uk which means that women who ask for pay rises are often negatively treated thereafter , having been viewed as aggressive . ‘ men on the other hand are not only expected but encouraged to challenge pay and opportunities . ’  