murdered : road rage victim shahnawaz was returning home from a family function when the shocking attack occurred . at around 10.30pm on sunday , turkman gate lived up to delhi’s reputation as a city that has lost its soul . two children , 13 and nine years old , stood wailing and begging bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death over a traffic quarrel . road rage claimed another life . no one in the crowd came forward . the police did not arrive from a chowki merely 50 metres away . you could tick every item on delhi’s infamous check-list . when no one came to their father’s rescue , the hapless children ran to the cops , who asked them to call 100 . by the time the police reached the spot , their father was lying in a pool of blood , and was declared dead on arrival at the lok nayak hospital . the death of 40-year-old shahnawaz has shaken the city . murders are commonplace in the capital , but a man being thrashed to death because his motorcycle grazed a car as bystanders watched in silence is a new low even by delhi’s standards . also , while delhi police commissioner b.s . bassi boasts about the new police motto “ shanti , seva or naya” and compares the force to the best-rated police departments across the globe , his men stood and watched shahnawaz die without raising a finger . according to the delhi police , shahnawaz was returning home from a family function with his two sons on a motorbike when it grazed a car near turkman gate in daryaganj . iron rods . the driver of the i20 car , identified as shadab , got into a verbal spat with shahnawaz . shadab reportedly told shahnawaz to move his bike as he was unable to manoeuvre his car . when shahnawaz expressed his inability to do so due to heavy traffic , shadab , along with khalid amin , another occupant of the car , started thrashing shahnawaz with iron rods . later , three other occupants of the car , atif lala , mohammed wasim , and another unidentified person , got out and joined them . seeing their father being attacked so mercilessly , fahad and his younger brother kaif tried to hold back the accused , but were pushed aside . the boys then ran to the nearest barricade where two policemen were standing and begged them to help their father . ‘ dial 100’ . the cops allegedly told them to dial 100 . the children then ran to their grandmother 's house nearby and said : “ abu ki bahar ladai ho gayi hai kuch logo ke saath ( dad is involved in a fight outside with some people ) ” . by the time the family reached the spot , it was already too late . shahnawaz , bleeding heavily , was rushed to the nearby lok nayak jaiprakash hospital where he was declared dead on arrival . sorrow : a large crowd mourns the death of road rage victim shahnawaz in the turkman gate area . heart-breaking : shahnawaz 's mother breaks down in the walled city after hearing the news of her son 's death . numb with grief : shahnawaz 's devastated parents are supported by relatives . on monday evening , almost 24 hours after the incident , turkman gate wore an uneasy calm . throughout the day , shahnawaz’s family members and relatives sat in protest on the road with his body . a crowd of 200 choked the entire stretch , causing traffic jams across central delhi in places like new delhi railway station , ito , mandi house and connaught place circle . protesters held up a banner which had delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal’s picture along with those of the accused , demanding quick arrests . the victim’s relatives said police are trying to protect amin . “ amin was the one who triggered the spat and started thrashing shahnawaz . police are clueless even after 12 hours of the incident , ” shahnawaz’s relative , shahbuddin , told mail today . delhi police chief bassi has assured that all accused will be arrested soon . “ mohammed wasim has been arrested and the hunt for the remaining four is on , ” he said , while briefing the media . family of goons on a short fuse claims life . by ankur sharma in new delhi . the arrogance and short temper of a family which has right connections with policemen and local politicians has snuffed out an innocent life . residents of delhi’s turkman gate , where 40-year-old shahnawaz was thrashed to death on sunday night , allege that main accused khalid amin alias amin pahalwan belongs to a family of goons , and all his 17 brothers are involved in illegal activities . in 2011 , amin was involved in a fight with former mla shoaib iqbal . three of the other accused in the turkman gate killing were also embroiled in that case . relatives of the road rage victim point to the photos of some of the accused on an aap hoarding in the area . however , a local aap leader said they were not members of the party . amin was initially a petty criminal . he was first arrested along with an associate in 1995 in an attempt to murder case from seelampur area of north-east delhi . the rogue element of chandni mahal area started a construction business since 2010 . “ he has a construction and a handicraft business , but he is involved in various criminal cases . his brothers are also facing criminal charges , ” a senior police officer said . amin is allegedly involved in eight criminal cases - robbery , an attempt to murder , rioting and incidents of causing hurt . “ he always carries a country-made pistol and a knife , ” police sources said . importantly , amin enjoys good connections with the local police as his day-to-day work requires their co-operation . drunk men thrash ls mp 's son in another case . the turkman gate incident was not the only case of road rage reported in the capital on sunday . in another case , the son of a lok sabha mp was allegedly thrashed by three men in south delhi’s south extension area . the delhi police have arrested three accused in connection with the incident after registering a case under five ipc sections . according to police sources , the incident occurred when ritu raj , the son of jahanabad mp dr arun kumar , asked one of the accused to not park his scooty in front of the gate of his residence . “ around 10pm , the police got a call from south extension part-2 that three-four men have beaten up a man . when the police reached the spot , they found the mp’s son lying on the road . a pcr vehicle took the victim to the nearest hospital . “ after examining him , the doctors said ritu raj had dislocated his shoulder , ” a police officer said . sources said the police have arrested three accused . the main accused has been identified as manohar lal batra . ritu raj also told the police that all the accused were drunk when they thrashed him . the accused also allegedly threatened to kill the victim’s sister if she intervened .