manchester united will offer robin van persie £5million to quit the club this summer . the 31-year-old striker has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract at old trafford , but united officials are understood to be willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus — agreed when he signed from arsenal in 2012 — to free up wages for another striker . italian giants juventus and inter milan have both been linked with a summer move and united bosses are willing to take a cut-price fee , as they realise van persie will have to take a pay cut to join a serie a side . manchester united will offer robin van persie £5million to quit the club this summer . the dutch striker has struggled for fitness this season , but has still managed 10 premier league goals . manchester united target memphis depay looks set to leave psv during the summer transfer window . lazio are also interested . radamel falcao and javier hernandez are also expected to leave in the summer , and united have been linked with paris saint-germain’s edinson cavani and memphis depay of psv . louis van gaal’s side are third in the premier league and go into sunday’s derby against city at old trafford knowing a win will put them four points clear of their rivals . and city players stand to lose £500,000 each in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . the champions give star men such as sergio aguero , david silva , joe hart and yaya toure incentivised deals to stay within financial fair play requirements and they will miss out on a payday if city fail to reach the group stages of europe’s top competition . the top three qualify automatically with the fourth-place team entering a qualifying round . city are fourth , five points clear of southampton and seven ahead of liverpool , who host newcastle on monday night . manchester united also hold an interest in edinson cavani , pictured in action against marseille last weekend . louis van gaal explained at his press conference on friday that van persie is not yet fit enough to play . radamel falcao and javier hernandez ( pictured ) are also expected to leave old trafford in the summer . 