chatting happily and smiling during a peaceful walk in the grounds of their scottish country home , they could be any long-married couple enjoying a stroll . but this is the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall and the intimate shot marks not 40 years of marriage but 10 . the couple , who married a decade ago at the windsor guildhall , are spending their anniversary privately at birkhall in deeside . scroll down for video . portrait of a happy marriage : charles and camilla in the new photo released to mark their 10th anniversary . big day : the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall on their wedding day a decade ago . birkhall , which sits on the queen 's balmoral estate , was the location for their honeymoon and was also the venue for their first anniversary celebrations . the new image , which is the work of top photographer oliver dann , was taken in the run-up to last month 's visit to the u.s but was released by clarence house today . in it , charles wears a country coat made from inveravon estate tweed and a matching hat by lock & co , while camilla sports a hat by the same firm and a coat by moncler . charles and camilla finally married following a relationship spanning 35 years in a relatively quiet civil ceremony at the windsor guildhall on the 9th april 2005 . despite fears that the couple would be booed - camilla was reportedly so nervous that she had to be dragged out of bed - the ceremony went off without a hitch . since then , the duchess of cornwall as she is now known , has become an integral part of the royal family - and would be cheerfully accepted as charles ' queen by 50 per cent of britons . that marks a significant turnaround from the duchess ' earliest days as a royal , with camilla following charles ' lead and often appearing nervous in front of photographers . but her enthusiastic championing of causes ranging from osteoporosis to sexual abuse survivors has not gone unnoticed and her relationship with the queen is now said to be close . ' her role has changed dramatically , ' explains royal biographer penny junor . ' one minute she was a mistress and then she was an hrh . ' when she first married charles she was very nervous . on her wedding day , she was terrified . she had no idea if she would be booed in the street . ' in fact , there was a very warm reception . the streets were packed in windsor . she has slowly gained courage and confidence . initially she was very much in the background , supporting the prince and she still does that . ' she 's never had any ambition for herself . she did n't want to be a princess or a duchess . she just happened to love a man who was the prince of wales and look at the fuss that caused . she does n't want to be a star or be curtseyed to . happy : the pair are all smiles as they arrive at the british ambassador 's residence in washington last month . cheers ! charles and camilla pictured enjoying a dram during a visit to birkhall last summer . ' but slowly , slowly she has become much more involved in royal life and taken on an awful lot of charitable causes . ' the duchess is now patron or president of 85 charities , joint patron or president with the prince of four , and is affiliated to a number of other organisations . ms junor added : ' it 's really , really valued by those charities . she works extremely hard . having been a woman who up to her mid-50s had been a wife and a mother and a country woman who enjoyed horses and dogs , she 's completely reinvented herself and become an ambassador for the country . ' in 2013 , camilla made her first ever appearance at the state opening of parliament wearing a glamorous champagne silk and lace bruce oldfield gown . the duchess , whose presence was seen as a boost for charles , topped that with the queen mother 's priceless boucheron tiara and the dame grand cross of the victoria order sash . she returned for the 2014 state opening as well and is expected to return once again for this year 's event . close : prince william and the duchess of cornwall share a joke during last september 's invictus games . support : the queen shares a carriage with camilla during the diamond jubilee celebrations in 2012 . one is amused : camilla laughs with prince harry and the duchess of cornwall during the diamond jubilee . similarly styled : the duchess ' dress sense has also evolved over the last 10 years and is much like her daughter-in-law 's . the duchess has also carried out joint engagements with the queen and in november hosted a reception on behalf of the monarch for the commonwealth essay competition . during the diamond jubilee in 2012 , the queen and camilla sat side-by-side in the ornate 1902 state landau - a step that would have been inconceivable a decade earlier . the duke of edinburgh had fallen ill and the prince of wales and camilla stepped in to ride with the monarch in the carriage procession back to buckingham palace . but it was camilla , not charles who was seated next to the jubilee queen . she was present too on stage , standing next to the sovereign , as charles paid tribute to his mother at the finale of a pop concert in front of the palace . during the golden jubilee concert in 2002 , prior to her marriage to the prince , camilla was seated several rows behind charles . on charles and camilla 's seventh wedding anniversary in 2012 , the queen made the duchess a dame grand cross of the royal victorian order ( gcvo ) - a personal seal of approval from the monarch . ' i do n't think that the queen has ever had any personal animosity to camilla . in the eighties and nineties when charles and diana were at each other 's throats , camilla was seen to be the cause and it threatened to destabilise the monarchy , ' says ms junor . ' the queen has always been fond of camilla . she knew her for years and years , long before she was involved in the break up of the marriage . ' she added : ' the queen reacts to public opinion . once the public were going to accept camilla , the queen was able to accept her publicly . ' they 've got a great deal in common . they 're mad about horses , dogs . they 're country women . ' when camilla married charles , aides insisted she did not want to be known as queen when the prince acceded to the throne but intended to be known as princess consort instead . but according to some legal experts , unless there is change in the law , camilla will technically become queen when charles is king - no matter what she decides to call herself . at the time of her engagement to the prince in 2005 , a poll showed that only seven per cent of people believed camilla should one day be queen . happily married : charles has cut an increasingly relaxed figure since his marriage . close : the duchess has always known how to make charles laugh and he ' adores her ' in return . royal duties : with half of britons supporting the idea , it is increasingly likely that camilla will become queen . a decade later , half of all britons say she should become queen when charles takes the throne according to a poll by yougov . a third think she should be given a lesser title out of sensitivity to diana , princess of wales and 16 per cent were unsure . when the prince was put on the spot and asked if camilla would be his queen in an interview in november 2010 , he replied : ' that 's , that 's , we 'll see , wo n't we ? that could be . ' ' i think there 's still a hard core of people out there who want nothing to do with camilla and think she 's the devil incarnate but the vast majority think she 's a good thing , ' adds ms junor . ' she is familiar now as any member of the royal family . she 's a fixture . it would be very strange if she were not called queen . ' i think she will be embraced and think the public will have no problem with it whatsoever . charles is hugely proud of her and she 's so important to him . ' he adores her . he wants her by his side - that 's an absolute given . ' born camilla rosemary shand on the 17th july 1947 , the duchess of cornwall 's 67 years have undoubtedly been interesting ones . the daughter of major bruce middleton hope shand and his wife rosalind , the duchess was born in london but spent much of her childhood in sussex along with her siblings , annabel and mark . according to her biographer giles brandreth , her upbringing , although not royal , was certainly a grand one . ' camilla is often described as having had an `` enid blyton sort of childhood '' , ' he writes . ' in fact , it was much grander than that . ' the shands had position and they had help – help in the house , help in the garden , help with children . ' they were gentry . they opened their garden for the local conservative party association summer fête . enough said . ' after a stint at a swiss finishing school , camilla burst onto the london social scene as a debutante on the 25th march 1965 . but it was n't all fun , with the future duchess of cornwall working as a secretary for a succession of london firms to pay for her belgravia flat , which she shared with lady moyra campbell . in the late 1960s , camilla met the man who was to become her first husband , cavalry officer andrew parker-bowles , with the couple dating off and on for several years - with mr parker-bowles striking up a relationship with princess anne at one point . camilla , meanwhile , had struck up a relationship with prince charles , who was first introduced to her sometime in 1971 . when the couple split following an overseas posting for charles in 1973 , camilla reconciled with parker-bowles and the couple announced their engagement and married the same year . two children followed . tom in 1974 and laura in 1978 . but it was her continuing relationship with prince charles that would come to define her , with the former couple remaining close friends even after both had married other people . in 1992 , claims that the two had remained an item throughout both marriages emerged when diana : her true story was published , followed , a year later by the ' camillagate ' scandal . by 1995 , both marriages had come to an end and charles and camilla were unofficially back together , with the future duchess often seen attending events with the prince . royal acceptance soon followed with the queen making camilla part of the golden jubilee celebrations in 2002 . a year later , the duchess moved into clarence house and on the 10th february 2005 , charles and camilla 's engagement was announced . the couple married just under two months later in windsor , with camilla taking the title of the duchess of cornwall . 