comedian sarah silverman is encouraging women to understand their worth and ask for equal pay in a new campaign in which she recounts a time she was discriminated against because of her gender . the 44-year-old , who is known for her wicked sense of humor , gets serious for levo league 's ask4more campaign , which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve in honor of equal pay day on april 14 . ' i think the best person for the job should get jobs , ' she says in the campaign video . ' i 'm all for women having to work harder to prove themselves at this juncture if that 's the way it is in the world . but if you work a job , and a man is working the same job , you should be getting paid the same . ' scroll down for video . be confident : sarah silverman wants women to understand their worth as a part of levo league 's new ask4more campaign , which encourages women to request the salaries that they deserve . on average , women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men , and in the clip , the actress recalls a time when she was faced with an even worse pay margin because of her gender . sarah explains that she and fellow comedian todd barry were doing back-to-back stand up sets on a saturday night at the new york comedy club . even though she says she was ' pretty well known at the time ' , she ' did n't think anything of it ' when she was given $ 10 for her work . but when she was chatting with todd outside , it soon came up that he was offered $ 60 for the same amount of work - at the same show . when she went back inside and asked al martin , the owner at the time , about the pay discrepancy , he thought that she was asking him to lend her money , saying : ' oh , did you want a $ 60 spot ? ' not right : in the video , sarah recalls a time when she was paid $ 10 to do a stand-up routine , when a man who performed the same amount of time earned $ 60 . ' it was symbolic . i did n't need $ 60 , ' she says of that moment . ' you know , it’s pretty sh**** . ' sarah , who came under fire last month after she tweeted ' ten rape prevention tips ' aimed at male attackers , says whenever she shares anything ' women 's rights related ' on social media , including equal pay and health care , she gets ' the most violent hate tweets back ' . ' it 's so odd . it 's just bizarre , ' she says . sarah explains that knowing your self-worth is a big factor when it comes to women feeling confident to ask for more . ' my therapist says - and i think about it all the time - we do n't get what we want . we get what we think we deserve , ' she added . double standard : the 44-year-old comedian , who is pictured at the 2015 vanity fair oscar party , says she gets ' the most violent hate tweets ' when she discusses women 's issues on twitter . sports fan : sarah , who often plays basketball with men , was pictured with anthony anderson as they watched sprite nba all-star celebrity game in new york city in february . she notes that the concept of asking for more and understanding your worth reminds of her of how she feels when she plays basketball with men . ' every basket you miss is like missing 100 baskets and that comes from inside . ' sarah says she reminds herself that she is n't letting her team down , nor or the guys angry at her for missing a shot . the pressure she feels is being brought upon by herself . she explains that she finally realized that ' the guys shoot and miss all the time - most of the time - and they get better . ' we deserve quality lives with equality , and maybe control over our own human bodies without the government getting involved , to do whatever we get great at and do , and it has to come from inside and understanding that you deserve it and working to deserve it , ' she says , before adding : ‘ go ahead . ask for more . ' sarah is a part of the nine-day campaign , which aims to empower women throughout their careers and includes other female celebrity supporters such as amy poehler , chelsea clinton and constance zimmer .