walter scott and his passenger were looking forward to having a cookout when he was pulled over and shot dead by a south carolina police officer , it has emerged . scott , 50 , and pierre fulton , his friend of several years , had met for breakfast on april 4 before scott drove him to a church so fulton could collect a bag of vegetables . he then took fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to scott 's house . ' they were heading to walter scott 's house to eventually have a cookout that afternoon , ' said fulton 's attorney , mark peper . but as they returned home , their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in north charleston . scroll down for video . heartbroken : pierre fulton is ' torn up ' about the death of his friend , walter scott , on april 4 , his attorney has said . the two men were heading to scott 's home on april 4 for a cookout when scott was killed by a cop . killed : scott , 50 , ran from his car when he was pulled over by north charleston officer michael slager , right , for a broken tail light . as he ran away , slager shot the father-of-four multiple times , killing him . scott jumped out of the car fled the scene - and was shot multiple times in the back by officer michael slager in a horrifying incident captured on a passerby 's cell phone camera . peper said that his client did not know why scott ran from the car but that he said there was no confrontation . following the stop ' there was never a conversation between pierre and walter regarding the reason for the stop , what his intentions were - anything along those lines , ' peper said . scott was behind $ 18,000 in his child support payments and family members have said he may have run because he was worried about going to jail . scott , who is black , ran away and a video showed slager , who is white , firing eight shots at scott . fleeing : a dash cam video still provided by the north charleston police department shows scott leaving his car after a traffic stop on april 4 . his passenger said he does not know why scott fled . gunned down : a passerby captured this video of slager shooting scott dead as he tried to flee the scene . fulton said he heard the crackle of a taser and shots fired . from where scott 's car was parked , his client could see slager chase after scott but did not see him get shot , peper said . ' as they turned the corner , he was n't able to see anything that occurred , ' he said . and while his client heard the taser followed by the gunshots , ' he does n't recall the timing or how many seconds between it . all that 's a bit foggy ' , he said . peper said his client has also given a statement to the south carolina law enforcement division . family members said earlier that two were headed to an auto parts store at the time of the shooting . peper said they may have had errands planned but his client said they were eventually heading to scott 's house . he said his client has asked for privacy so he can deal with the death of his friend . saying goodbye : pallbearers walk scott 's casket to his grave for his burial service on saturday . sadness : his heartbroken mother , judy , is pictured leaving her son 's funeral in charleston last weekend . fight : activist cornel west ( center ) joins protesters against police violence in manhattan on april 14 . ' he is torn up . he is a mess , ' peper added to abc news . ' he has n't been able to talk to anybody about this . ' the father-of-four 's death sparked a nationwide debate about police brutality and bias against black people after the witness ' video contradicted the police account of the event . slager , 33 , had said that he felt ' threatened ' by scott during a confrontation over his taser , but the footage revealed the civilian running away before he was shot . scott was laid to rest last weekend . his casket was draped in an american flag and accompanied by his distraught mother , judy . slager has been later charged with murder and fired from the police department . he has yet to enter a plea . 