she is best known for her world war ii saga , the cazalet chronicles , but novelist elizabeth jane howard had a passion for history of a considerably more ancient kind . the novelist , who died in 2014 aged 90 , amassed a spectacular collection of greek , egyptian and roman jewellery during her lifetime , among them pieces up to 3,500 years old . now the collection is to go under the hammer , with auctioneers saying they expect the exquisite pieces to fetch up to £20,000 . collector : elizabeth jane howard , pictured with kingsley amis , collected ancient jewellery . howard , a former model who became the second wife of lucky jim novelist kingsley amis in 1965 , adored historic jewellery and , despite its great age , was regularly photographed in it . ' unlike many collectors who prefer to display their treasures , elizabeth jane howard held the view that jewellery was made to be used , ' explains madeleine perridge , head of antiquities at bonhams . ' she took great pleasure in wearing beautiful objects that had been worn by women thousands of years ago . ' the nine lots , which will go under the hammer at bonhams auction house in london on thursday , include rings , bracelets , pendants and earrings . among the most striking is a gold roman bracelet made from three gold wires twisted into a spiral design , which has a reserve price of £5,000 . spectacular : this roman bracelet , which is made from twisted strands of gold , is expected to fetch £5,000 . beautiful : this pair of earrings are 2,400 years old and are part of a collection thought to be worth £20,000 . magnificent : this 2,000-year-old pendant depicts the goddess aphrodite and her son , eros . a pair of hellenistic gold hoop earrings , which are thought to be around 2,400 years old , are expected to fetch £2,000 . there is also a gold pendant depicting aphrodite , the greek goddess of love and beauty , with eros , the greek god of love hovering above her right shoulder . the piece is set with a cabochon garnet , a nod to dionysus , the greek god of wine-making , festivities and fertility , and is likely to have been presented to its original owner as a love token or wedding gift . oldest of all the items is a pair of egyptian gold hair rings which have been dated to somewhere between 1550-1295 bc , and are being sold as part of a lot that includes a pair of roman earrings . howard , who was born in 1923 , started her career as an actress and model but shot to fame in 1950 when her debut novel , the beautiful visit , won the john llewellyn rhys prize . subsequent novels included three miles up and other strange stories , something in disguise and getting it right , although it is the cazalet chronicles for which she is best known . the epic six-novel saga charts the fortunes of the eponymous cazalets , beginning in 1937 as the second world war looms . ending in the 1950s , the series has also been described as being a slice of social history and chronicles the changing fortunes of the aristocracy as they face up to a democratic post-war world . but howard was n't only known for her books , with the much-married author 's tumultuous love life garnering as many headlines as her books . literary couple : howard was kingsley amis ' second wife and the pair married in 1965 . turbulent : sadly , their marriage did not last and the couple divorced in 1983 . first married in 1942 to sir peter scott , the conservationist who famously helped found the worldwide fund for nature and provided a scientific name for the loch ness monster , she went on to wed twice more . of all her marriages , though , it was her turbulent third to sir kingsley amis in 1965 that is best remembered . the pair , who met while both were helping to organise the cheltenham literary festival , eventually divorced in 1983 . 