muslim engagement and development have reportedly claimed they can influence up to 30 seats at the general election . pictured sufyan ismail . a muslim group with links to extremists has claimed it can influence up to 30 seats at the election , it has been reported . muslim engagement and development ( mend ) was said to have boasted that they can act as ' kingmakers ' when the country goes to the polls . the group , which wants to let british muslims fight in syria without fear of prosecution , has bragged that it is in talks with both the conservatives and labour , according to the daily telegraph . at least one election candidate is said to have been approached by a high-profile muslim and offered campaign money in return for back the group 's ' muslim manifesto , ' the newspaper reported . sufyan ismail , mend 's chief executive , was said to have claimed to be able to influence up to 30 seats during a talk at the zakariyya central mosque in bolton . ' right now , we are negotiating with the labour leadership , we are negotiating with the tory leadership and insh'allah [ god willing ] will start with the lib dem leadership as well , where we have a list of manifesto pledges , ' he reportedly said , according to the telegraph . ' the muslim vote is worth ten ordinary votes because… we are heavily concentrated in a few areas , ' he said . ' anybody who can give any one party 10 , 20 , 30 seats , like we can , they have to listen to you . ' the group 's 48 page manifesto does not make mention of wanting to let british muslims fight in syria . azad ali , who has supported the killing of british soldiers , is mend 's director of engagement . it is also reportedly linked to extremist abu eesa niamatullah and promotes hate preacher haitham al-haddad . the labour party reportedly denied the claims that it was negotiating with mend , according to the telegraph . the conservatives have been contacted by the mailonline for comment . mend ' chief executive sufyan ismail has reportedly claimed that the group is in negotiations with both the tory and labour leadership .    