attack : lee keeley , 38 , grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall before stamping on her head and chest in a courtroom . an ex-boyfriend flew into a furious rage and attacked his former partner in the middle of a courtroom . lee keeley grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall before stamping on her head and chest at lincoln county court , after a judge ruled against him in a civil matter . the 38-year-old defendant chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair after losing his temper in january . a court heard keeley launched a chair at his ex-girlfriend before he started attacking her and barristers had to step in to break the pair up . the victim suffered a cut to her right ear , bruising and swelling to the ear , a grazed cheek as well as bruised ribs . last thursday , keeley appeared before another judge at lincoln crown court and admitted assault occasioning actual bodily harm . he was jailed for two years and given an indefinite restraining order , preventing him from contacting his former partner . sentencing , judge michael heath said : ‘ i understand your disappointment but your behaviour after the decision was outrageous . ’ a court heard keeley , from lincoln , had become increasingly agitated during the hearing and then erupted as judge richard toombs announced the decision . shocking scene : keeley chased the woman round the courtroom at lincoln county court ( above ) and tore out clumps of her hair after losing his temper when the judge ruled against him in a civil matter in january . keeley , who had represented himself , began arguing with the judge then turned on his ex-partner . david outterside , prosecuting , said keeley shouted an insult at the woman before adding : ‘ he then picked up a chair and threw it at the victim but missed her . ‘ he then chased after her . twice they ran round and round the court as he tried to get hold of her . ’ the court heard keeley later told police he went into a rage when the decision was announced . he said he recalled throwing the chair but could not remember anything after that . david eager , defending , said keeley had ‘ simply lost control’ .