a little boy with autism has sent his toy bear on a round-the-world mission to help him raise awareness about the disability . in january 2013 , dorian poe , from burlington , ontario , sent his favorite toy out on the global adventure , having been inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who , unable to live her own dreams of world travel , sent her teddy bear in her place . hoping to raise the same level of global awareness about his own condition , dorian decided to send his ganz webkinz bear , called tikko , out into the world , carrying with him a message of understanding and tolerance for those affected by autism . scroll down for video . ' it 's okay to be different ' : dorian poe , 11 , with his beloved bear tikko , whose travels have raised awareness for autism all over the world . with the help and support of his mother christine , dorian , who was then nine years old , sent tikko off on the first leg of his adventure in back in january 2013 . now , the bear has circled the globe and then some , continuing to share his vital message , while inviting the world to join in with his journey online . ' when i first decided to support dorian in his campaign , it was because i was happy to see him want to “ pay it forward” ' christine tells dailymail.com . ' i fundraise each year to pay the $ 24,500.00/year tuition it costs for dorian to go to a special needs school . i was thrilled to support tikko because dorian had found a way to give back to our community ; a community that has been wonderful at supporting our fundraising efforts . ' hello , my name is dorian . i have autism , and so does my pet polar bear tikko . tikko is about to go traveling on an adventure ; and i need you to take care of him . my polar bear wants to raise autism awareness . just call him ' tikko the autism bear ' or ' tikko ' . guess what , this guy is much more different than the other polar bears you know . things you should look out for : to accompany tikko the autistic bear on his adventures , dorian included a letter explaining the characteristics and challenges involved in having autism – using the toy to help other people understand what the various aspects of the condition can feel like . each family who receivedtikko on his travels would take on the job of raising awareness in his or her community – helping to spread dorian’s message across the globe , while he remained at home in canada . but the mother and son could never have known what a phenomenon tikko would become . ' in january when tikko took his first trip to jamaica , i connected with another mom there whose child had autism , ' christine explains . ' there was little to no support for autism in jamaica . ' hearing such a story from so far away , christine began to research autism in the other countries tikko was visiting , and she shared what she learned on the campaign 's facebook page . and two weeks after the tikko had begun his adventures , christine became involved in coordinating them . after media attention grew , and demand for visits from tikko increased , christine received a donation of new tikkos from toy company ganz , who offered 600 bears to the cause in order to help the family cope with the overwhelming amount of interest . ‘ for the first few months there was only one tikko , ’ christine explained . ‘ it wasn’t long before we realized we could reach people faster by having more tikko’s available . so i wrote to ganz ( the maker of the webkinz polar bear ) , and to date they have donated 600 polar bears to us ! ’ with so many tikko bears in the mix , running the campaign became a full-time job for christine . at the gate : tikko made it to 24 countries in his first 10 months of traveling . a towering success : the little bear has made it to some of the world 's most instantly-recognizable landmarks . she keeps supporters informed with daily updates on tikko 's location on facebook and twitter , receives new tikko travel photos every day , and promotes the awareness campaign across autism networking sites . however , christine says : ' no matter how busy i am , i always have time to listen and offer support to those dealing with the challenges of having a child on the spectrum . ' tikko's facebook page documents every destination he has reached in dozens of photos . he 's posed at some of the world 's most famous landmarks , hobnobbed with a-list celebrities , and even scraped the skies in a daring aerial show , all the while broadcasting the important message splashed across his t-shirt : 'autism…it’s okay to be different ! ' the campaign has affected children all over the world who have autism , not in the least the young boy who started it all . a message in motion : tikko spreads awareness with his motto : 'autism…it’s okay to be different ! ' getting back to his roots : tikko has even made it as far as the north pole , which was a dream of owner dorian . ' dorian feels a sense of purpose , ' says mom christine . ' he feels he is not only helping the world , but also his school peers . he’s gained confidence , and he’s made & kept friends more easily . 'he’s matured a great deal since starting his campaign . it has also brought us closer together – we share a very special bond . ' today there are still 20 tikkos on the go , and the work is far from over . ' tikko is still travelling , and will be for many years to come ! ' says christine . ' he is just back from kuwait , lithuania , nice and scotland . he’s currently in germany . ' another tikko is on the set of the dragon 's den . another tikko is packed and ready to visit mount fuji in japan . the list goes on . tikko is one busy bear ! '