thousands of holidaymakers face up to three days of chaos and cancelled flights because of a strike by french air traffic controllers . easyjet and ba are among a host of major airlines expected to scrap hundreds of flights thanks to the walk-out , which will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours - with considerable knock-on disruption expected . experts fear up to half of all flights between the uk and france could be axed , depending on how strongly the strike holds . delays : easyjet is one of many airlines set to cancel flights over a strike by french air traffic controllers over the next three days ( file photo ) . families returning from their easter holidays and those hoping for a last-minute break will be worst affected . easyjet is cancelling 118 flights to and from france , including 10 which either start or finish at british airports . a spokesman said : ' easyjet has been advised of planned industrial strike action by french air traffic control services on april 8 and government transport workers on april 9 . like all airlines flying to and from france , we expect significant impact to our flights during this period , including cancellations . ' the cancelled services include return flights between paris charles de gaulle and london gatwick , paris and luton , gatwick and toulouse , plus flights between gatwick and spain . the airline urged all passengers going to france to check the status of their flight online before they travel . british airways said it was cancelling around a dozen return flights from the uk . a spokesman said : ' early indications are that there will be significant disruption for all airlines who fly within , to and from france and who also use french airspace for over flights . ' we are doing all we can to minimise disruption to customers flying to and from france as a result of the threatened air traffic control strike . ' unfortunately there will be some knock-on delays to other parts of our short-haul network as a result of the strike action , given how much airspace in europe will be affected . we are sorry for any disruption to customers ' travel plans . ' flybe said it was cancelling 16 flights including services to paris from manchester , birmingham and exeter as well as some flights from southampton . adding to the possible chaos , tomorrow is the first day of a new regultion which forces travel operators to check the passports of all passengers leaving britain and pass on their details to the home office . chaos : charles de gaulle airport , pictured , and other french hubs will be severely affected by the strike . the strike has been called because the french air traffic union says their controllers are expected to retire later than their counterparts elsewhere in western europe . the walk-out is one of a series planned this month , with more industrial action from april 16 to 18 and another walk-out between april 29 and may 2 . plans for the original strike on march 25 were suspended after the fatal germanwings crash in the french alps . european air traffic chiefs at eurocontrol have also warned of ' a significant risk of disruption ' , with the number of flights from france 's busiest airport down 40 per cent tomorrow and 50 per cent on thursday . national carrier air france , based at charles de gaulle airport outside paris , is expected to be hardest hit . air france said up to 40 per cent of its medium haul flights to and from paris cdg will be cancelled . rregional subsidiary hop ! will axe two thirds of its flights to and from orly airport , and 40 per cent of services at other french airports . britain 's national air traffic services , which controls the airspace over the uk , said : ' we 've spoken to our operational teams and much will depend on the severity of the strike and how the airlines choose to respond in terms of their schedules . ' if it follows previous patterns we can expect a lot of airlines requesting to re-route around french airspace . that shifts the traffic from our usually very busy south coast airspace sectors to the west ( lands end ) and east ( clacton and dover ) . ' a spokesman for the civil aviation authority said passengers affected by the strike would not receive compensation as strike action is classed as an ' unforeseen circumstance ' outside the control of airlines . but they will be entitled to food , drink and , if necessary , hotel accommodation . ryanair said it was cancelling more than 250 flights with more likely , branding the strike ' grossly unfair ' . ryanair is cancelling more than 250 flights , with a spokesman branding the strike action as ' grossly unfair ' . a spokesman for the budget airline said : ' ryanair regrets to inform customers that it has been forced to cancel over 250 flights on wednesday due to a french air traffic control strike . ' further cancellations and delays are likely and customers should check the status of their flight before leaving for the airport on the ryanair.com website , where the latest information will be published . we sincerely apologise to all customers affected by this unwarranted strike action and we call on the eu and french authorities to take measures to prevent any further disruption . ' it 's grossly unfair that thousands of european travellers will once again have their travel plans disrupted by the selfish actions of a tiny number of french air traffic control workers . ' ryanair said all affected customers have been contacted by email and text message and advised of their options - full refund , free transfer onto next available flight or free transfer onto an alternative flight routing . '