jack wilshere may rub shoulders with the likes of alexis sanchez and mesut ozil on a daily basis but he was left starstruck on thursday evening when he met brazil legend pele . even better for wilshere , the arsenal midfielder was given the opportunity to interview the three-time world cup winner during the launch party of 10ten talent . both wilshere and pele , along with glenn hoddle , are clients and the england international made sure his fans on twitter knew about their meeting by posting several tweets . brazil legend pele ( left ) and arsenal midfielder jack wilshere pose for a photo during launch of 10ten talent . wilshere was given the ' honour to interview the legendary pele ' and asked twitter questions from fans . earlier on thursday , wilshere tweeted : ' looking forward to meeting @ pele tonight . i 'll be asking the best questions you sent . # jackmeetspele . ' the 23-year-old then followed this up with several tweets about the event , many of which included photos of pele . meanwhile , pele has acknowledged that last year 's world cup was a ' disaster ' for brazil but is not surprised how quickly the likes of oscar and ramires have bounced back in the barclays premier league this season . brazil were humiliated by germany in a 7-1 semi-final defeat and the hosts were then thrashed 3-0 by holland in the third-place play-off . pele scored 77 goals in 92 games for brazil and won the world cup three times but the former santos striker still finds last year 's capitulation difficult to understand . ' it was something nobody can explain , ' said pele , who was announcing the art , life , football exhibition at the halcyon gallery in london . glenn hoddle also attended the launch and along with pele and wilshere , the trio are all 10ten talent clients . pele has bemoaned brazil 's performance as hosts at last summer 's world cup and said it was ' a disaster ' . the brazil legend scored 77 goals in 92 games for his country and won the world cup three times . ' when we were preparing for the world cup the two teams everybody , even people who do n't know football , expected to be in the final were spain and brazil . ' those were the two teams that were supposed to be in the final . ' but the german team , i saw them play two years before and they were very , very good . they were very well prepared . ' and then of course there was the disaster , it really was a disaster . ' it was something nobody could predict . david luiz ( pictured ) and his team-mates were humiliated by germany in the semi-final as they lost 7-1 . germany were 5-0 up in 29 minutess as fred ( pictured ) and his team-mates suffered an embarrassing defeat . ' brazil could lose , 1-0 or 2-0 , but to lose 7-1 and the second game ( third place play-off ) we lost 3-0 , it 's something only god can explain . ' the five-time world cup winners have regrouped under new head coach dunga and brazil 's premier league based players have shown few ill-effects this season . oscar and ramires have helped chelsea to a 10-point lead at the top of the table while liverpool 's philippe coutinho has been shortlisted for both the professional footballers ' association player and young player of the year awards . pele has , however , praised oscar ( left ) and ramires ( right ) for their reaction in the premier league this season . ' i am not surprised , i follow the league here , ' pele said . ' of course sometimes what happened to brazil happens in football . ' you see the team as the best team and they lose . ' it was not a surprise to me ( that the players have bounced back ) . ' i had the pleasure to be in a commercial with oscar recently and i congratulated him . ' the art , life , football is an exhibition of art inspired by pele to celebrate his 75th birthday.the exhibition will open september 26 and include work from internationally acclaimed artists including andy warhol , lorenzo quinn and mitch griffiths .