a woman who died suddenly was eaten by her pet dogs after her body lay undiscovered for days , an inquest was told . noelle baynham was found by a close friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door . the body had been partially eaten by the jack russell and staffordshire bull terrier , which are initially thought to have tried to wake her before becoming desperate for food . it is believed the 61-year-old from winchester , hampshire , collapsed and died following an accidental overdose of medication . eaten : noelle baynham 's dogs started to eat her remains after being locked in the house for days . the most likely cause of death was an accidental overdose , an inquest was told . however a pathologist could not determine the exact cause of death because the dogs , who were trapped in the house , ate parts of her vital organs . concerned friend grant donovan made the ' horrific ' discovery of her remains after nobody answered the front door at her home . he told the inquest that he could hear her two dogs barking and jumping behind the door and became concerned that there did not appear to be anyone in with them . finding the back door unlocked , he entered the house where he said the floors were covered in dog faeces . walking through , he then discovered ms baynham 's body lying on the landing . ' this was the most horrifying thing i have ever seen , ' he told the inquest . ' i could not look at her long , so i just came away and called 999 . ' detectives who searched the house following the grim discovery , on january 17 this year , could find no evidence of a struggle or foul play . the hearing was told how former jeweller ms baynham was found was in her dressing gown and had run a bath just before her death . pets : a staffordshire bull terrier ( left ) and jack russell ( right ) like the ones owned by noelle baynham . detective constable wesley arnold from hampshire police told the coroner that scratch marks on her chest indicated that her dogs may have tried to wake her after she collapsed . home office pathologist dr amanda jeffery reaveled that she had probably died ' a few days ' before she was found , but because the dogs had eaten her organs it was impossible to establish exactly what had killed her . the ' combined effect ' of a variety of drugs found in her system was likely to have been the cause of an accidental overdose , she added . the hearing was told that ms baynham suffered from bipolar disorder and chronic alcoholism and was prescribed a variety of medication . blood tests found a range of drugs in her system including potentially toxic levels of painkillers . recording an open verdict , senior central hampshire coroner grahame short ruled that there was no evidence of suicide or an accidental fall , but said ms baynham may have had a stroke . ' the horrific element in this case is what happened after death rather than before , and it 's entirely plausible that when there are dogs in the house with no one to care for them , that they will then start to eat her remains . ' that clearly was a major hindrance to dr jeffery in her examination , and as she 's explained , she was not able to look at her important organs and she could not establish a clear cause of death . ' i have to say there 's no sign to say this was a deliberate overdose . there can come a point where [ the drug level over time is ] just too high and one pill too many can tip over the balance . ' the dogs were subsequently put down on the advice of police officers . 