tired after a long journey from scotland , nikki kelly decided to have a quiet night in . she started to feel cramps in her stomach , and believed she might be getting her period . but when she made a dash for the bathroom , the 24-year-old was shocked to find she was in fact going into the early stages of labour , and gave birth to her son on the bathroom floor . miss kelly , from bridport , dorset , had no idea she was expecting , and had even kept her size eight figure throughout the pregnancy . nikki kelly believed she was suffering from period cramps - before giving birth to son james , now three months , in ' three pushes ' on the bathroom floor . miss kelly kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy , and had no cravings . she is pictured on holiday with partner andrew swallow , 27 , when she was unknowingly four months pregnant . she had been taking the contraceptive pill and continued to have periods for the whole nine months – and experienced no morning sickness or cravings whatsoever . she says baby james was born in ' three pushes ' and she and her partner , aaron swallow , 27 , have now made an offer on a house so they can all live together as a family . miss kelly , who worked as a cleaner before her pregnancy , said : ' i was feeling a bit rubbish with what i thought was cramps so decided to have a quiet night in after travelling back from scotland and seeing my family . ' i started needing the toilet more and more often , until i could n't even get off the bathroom floor . ' my partner aaron was at work and i called him 76 times in half an hour to get him to come home . ' by the time he got to mine i was able to introduce him to his son . ' miss kelly , originally from scotland , had been to a new year 's party at her brother 's house in stirling and was due to stay in scotland for a few days afterwards . james was born on january 5 at 11:22am , weighing a healthy 6lbs . miss swallow said she knew to wrap him in a blanket and check his feet , having watched medical tv shows . miss kelly and her partner have put an offer in on a house so the three of them can start living together as a family . mr swallow is pictured with his son ( left ) and with miss kelly , two days before she gave birth ( right ) . but she began feeling ill and so she and her partner travelled home a day early . looking back , not wanting to drink alcohol was the only way her body changed during her pregnancy . she said : ' i had one blue wkd on new year 's eve . i started drinking it but just did n't want it . ' being off alcohol was the only change in me . i stayed a size six to eight and did n't have any morning sickness or put on any weight . ' i was on the bathroom floor with cramps and i suddenly felt the urge to push . three pushes later and my baby was born . ' luckily he was crying and i 've seen tv shows so knew what to do . ' i wrapped him in a towel and checked his hands and feet . ' james was born on january 5 at 11:22am , weighing a healthy 6lbs . mr swallow came over to miss kelly 's house , ordered an ambulance straight away , and the new family travelled to hospital . aaron 's sister had given birth five months earlier and was able to bring a car seat to the hospital so they could take the baby home safely . but otherwise , the couple did n't have any baby clothes , let alone a cot . miss kelly said : ' i gave birth on the sunday night and was in hospital until wednesday . james is ' the best thing that ever happened ' to her and her partner , miss swallow said . she added : ' james is our little miracle ' . ' my mum and dad were able to get me some essentials , including a cot bed , and aaron 's parents us nappies and a steriliser , but when i came out of hospital i went straight to the baby shop to get the rest . ' it closed in ten minutes and i just told the staff that i needed literally everything . ' now , miss kelly and aaron , who both live with their parents , are splitting their time with the baby between their homes . they are waiting to see if their offer on a home of their own has been accepted . miss kelly said : ' it 's all happened very quickly and been very expensive . ' i 've adapted to being a mum straight away and aaron is a very proud dad . ' it 's the best thing to happen to us . james is our little miracle . ' ms janet fyle , of the royal college of midwives said although miss kelly’s situation is uncommon , it is not unusual . she said : ‘ some women just don’t know they are pregnant . ‘ one lady was serving in afghanistan and didn’t realise she was pregnant , and we had to send services out there . ‘ it might happen for a variety of reasons . it’s different for any women . ‘ there are some women with good abdominal muscles and fat and the baby lies flat against the back so they don’t have a bump . ‘ some women won’t have the normal pregnancy symptoms . ‘ some women feel the baby moving inside them , but some don’t . some women have good abdominal muscles and fat and the baby lies flat against the back so they do n't have a bump , says ms janet fyle , of the royal college of midwives . ‘ a lot of the symptoms of pregnancy are ‘everyday’ symptoms . so they might not know that having wind is a sign of pregnancy . especially if they’ve never had a baby . ’ ‘ not all women are body-conscious . it depends on what’s going on in their life . ’ in these cases , the midwife has an important role in supporting the new family , as adjusting to being a parents can be a shock . she said : ‘ the women themselves are totally shocked when it happens to them . ‘ a lot of talking and reassurance by the midwife is needed . ‘ they need to say the occurrence is unusual but the woman herself is not abnormal . ‘ that woman is going to need a lot of help and support adjusting to being a parent . ‘ women with unplanned pregnancies get very upset , so imagine one day you have a normal life and the next you are a parent . ‘ the midwife would give that woman a lot more care , watching for signs of post-natal depression or even post-natal unhappiness . ’ 