an eighth grade student has been charged with a felony after he allegedly hacked into the computer of a teacher he did n't like and changed his desktop background . domanik green , 14 , has been accused of accessing the staff member 's laptop at paul r. smith middle school in holiday , florida , without permission by using an administrator 's password to alter the image to two men kissing . the pasco county sheriff 's office have claimed he illicitly made his way into the encrypted system , had access to personal files and could have altered his classmates ' grades , but the youngster maintains it was an innocent prank . he was arrested on wednesday and detained at the land o'lakes detention center until he was released into the custody of his mother later the same day . charged : domanik green , 14 , allegedly accessed a computer at paul r. smith middle school in holiday , florida , without permission by using an administrator 's password to alter the image to two men kissing . according to the tampa bay times sheriff chris nocco said : ' even though some might say this is just a teenage prank , who knows what this teenager might have done . ' during an interview with abc action news , for which his mother said he could be identified , he said : ' i was n't really thinking . i was just kind of annoyed at the teacher that day . he added : ' when i logged on and put the picture up , i was trying to annoy my teacher . green managed to get into the teacher 's laptop by sharing his screen . he then took a picture from google images and enlarged it . ' but when logging onto the fcat , i logged onto the wrong computer , ' he added . ' i was trying to talk to my friend through another computer , that way i did n't get caught with my phone out or anything in class . ' green was also suspended for three days last year for a similar act . he and a number of other students got hold of the password . booked : he was arrested on wednesday and detained at the land o'lakes detention center ( pictured ) until he was released into the custody of his mother . the youngster says he saw a teacher type it in and was easy to remember , as it was a faculty member 's last name . green has been charged with ' offense against computer system , unauthorized access ' which is a 3rd degree felony . he is also suspended from school for 10 days and is being transferred to a different school . 