a middle-aged grandmother and her husband are defying their critics by celebrating their tenth wedding anniversary , despite their 29-year age gap . william smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend 's mother , marilyn buttigieg , who was then 44 years old . the couple , from crawley , west sussex , shared their first date and kiss in september 2005 . they came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap when they became an item when william was 16 . scroll down for video . william smith was just 16 when he fell in love with his best friend 's mother , marilyn buttigieg , then 44 . but they feel they have proved their critics wrong because they are still together . the pair tied the knot six years ago this month , after being together for four years . grandmother-of-eight marilyn , now 54 , said : ' the age gap does n't matter . age is just a number and it 's about time people got over it . ' william , now 25 , says it was love at first sight when he clasped eyes on marilyn - after being invited round to play computer games with her son . william , who unusually took his wife 's surname when they got married , said : ' three or four months went by , then another couple of months - i did n't have the courage to say anything about it , probably due to the fact of the age gap , and the fact she was my mate 's mum . ' the grandmother-of-eight , 54 , said : ' the age gap does n't matter ' and she ' could n't wish for anything better ' . when he finally asked her out , the mother-of-seven dumped her then husband and entered a relationship with the teen . the couple faced a lot of criticism from people who disapproved of the 29-year age gap and predicted the marriage was doomed to failure - and marilyn 's children have all but cut off contact with the loved-up pair . marilyn , who works at a doctors ' surgery in crawley down , said of their marriage : ' i could n't wish for anything better than my marriage and husband . ' we proved all critics wrong . everybody was saying it was n't going to last - we 've proved we are a real thing . ' william added : ' i do n't look at marilyn and think , ' she 's nearly 30 years older than me . ' she 's a nice person so age does n't matter . ' william says it was love at first sight when he clasped eyes on marilyn . mother-of-seven marilyn said she and william still had to put up with people giving them the occasional odd looks in the street . previously-wed marilyn added : ' i suppose we always will but people should realise by now after all these years it 's a real thing and let us be . we thought it would stop . ' we would always have the odd looks , we do n't really care to be honest . ' we 've had so much grief over the years nothing shocks us any more . the age gap does n't matter . ' age is just a number and it 's about time people got over it . ' william said he had noticed how time seemed to be flying by as he and his wife built their life together . marilyn hates her ' cougar ' tag , and insists there are double standards for men dating younger women . she said : ' it 's ok for a man to do it , why is it not ok if a woman does it ? ' like many young husbands , william said he had noticed how time seemed to be flying by as he and his wife built their life together . he said : ' everything is good in our relationship . i just can not fathom where the time has gone . our main goal is to make more memories . ' hopefully time slows down a bit because it 's going too quickly . ' 