an australian band has told fans ' stop listening to us altogether ' if they disagree with its opinion on the imminent bali nine execution , after a series of heated exchanges over the weekend . sydney electronic duo the presets , made up of julian hamilton and kim moyes , published a series of posts on its facebook page on saturday night and sunday morning , hours after it was announced andrew chan and myuran sukumaran would be executed this week . ' if you agree with murder , lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes , you are a total c*** and can f*** off , ' one post read . scroll down for video . sydney duo the presets , made up of julian hamilton ( right ) and kim moyes ( left ) , published a series of posts on its facebook page after it was announced andrew chan and myuran sukumaran would be executed this week . ' if you believe in state sanctioned murder , are against compassion and think you are above making mistakes ... please ... unfollow us , delete all our music and stop listening to us altogether . peace . ' the string of posts started shortly after 11pm on saturday night , when the band said it was ' thinking of andrew chan & myuran sukumaran and their families right now . ' fans were divided on the posts , with some supporting the pair 's stance , while others criticised it . ' such a sad situation , who really wins with this kind of `` justice '' ? respect , boys x , ' one fan , jacqui holt said . one of the posts told fans who disagreed with the band 's stance to ' unfollow us , delete all our music and stop listening to us altogether ' . ' if you agree with murder , lack and compassion and openly display those views ... f*** off , ' another read . the string of posts started shortly after 11pm on saturday night , when the band said it was ' thinking of andrew chan & myuran sukumaran and their families right now ' . ' stand up for what you believe guys ! you do n't care if you lose a fan . shows such a strong moral compass . gained a lot of respect from me today ! always loved your music anyway , ' another , eloïse woods , said . others accused the sydney band of ignoring the potential dangers of drug smuggling . ' just like the compassion those two idiots had when they threatened people to become their drug mules , who could have faced the death penalty.people who are now stuck 20 to life in a balinese prison , who 's families have been torn apart and ruined live 's for good ... if they were n't caught , how many more people would they have threatened into doing this ? ' a post from megzie sparkle read . kim moyes explained the duo 's comments on monday afternoon.i feel strongly about this issue but that’s still no excuse for getting personal ... sorry , ' he wrote . the band responded to fans who shared their thoughts on the issue , including those who did not agree . ' i can understand that people are pissed off for losing their suppliers , but this much , dont worry you will find someone else , ' another person , mick sweeney , posted . kim moyes explained the duo 's comments on monday afternoon . i feel strongly about this issue but that’s still no excuse for getting personal ... sorry , ' he wrote . julian hamilton of the presets took part in a candle-lit vigil for chan and sukumaran , as part of the mercy campaign . the reaction from fans to the series of posts was divided . ' after a long deep breath here’s what i was trying to say under all that emotion : i personally believe that no government should have the right to take away somebody 's life . ' i personally believe that state sanctioned killing almost never does any good and it often does great harm . ' i therefore think it 's nearly always a bad idea . of course other people have the right to disagree ( respectfully ) with me about that , and i have the right to disagree ( respectfully ) with them too . ' some fans supporters the band 's stance on the issue , and for standing up for their beliefs . the band explained it 's opinion in a lengthy post on monday afternoon . the presets’ frontman julian hamilton recently took part in a candle-lit vigil for chan and sukumaran , as part of the mercy campaign . it is believed chan and sukumaran will be executed in the early hours of wednesday morning , australian time . the date - april 29 - became official when a local funeral director in cilacap , the nearest port to nusakambangan , or death island , was instructed to inscribe the names of those to be shot by firing squad and the date of their deaths .