rescuers were forced to abandon their efforts to save 149 dolphins that were stranded on a beach in japan after working tirelessly all day to help the creatures . as darkness fell on the beach in hokota , around 60 miles northeast of tokyo , coastguards and officials called off the rescue operation after only managing to save three of the 149 melon-headed dolphins that had beached . the rest of the animals had either died or were dying , they said . scroll down for video . rescuers managed to save three dolphins , but the remaining of the beached pod are ' dead or dying ' . a volunteer pours water on a dolphin to stop its skin drying out . others were being carried back to the ocean . workers use a crane to remove one of the 146 melon-headed whales that died when beached in hokota . ' it was becoming dark and too dangerous to continue the rescue work at this beach , where we could not bring heavy equipment , ' a hokota city official said . ' many people volunteered to rescue them but the dolphins became very , very weak . ' ' only three of them have been successfully returned to the sea , as far as we can confirm , ' he added . volunteers from local communities had joined forces with coastguards to try and save the dolphins , pouring water on them to stop their skins drying out . they also used slings to carry some back into the water , after they were seen early on friday morning on the beach writhing in pain . but despite desperate efforts to help the melon-headed whales , some were being pushed back onto the beach by the tide soon after being released . the creatures are usually found deep in the sea but have mysteriously beached about 60 miles northeast of tokyo . volunteers and residents living nearby used slings to carry the dolphins - but some were carried back to shore . young children look at melon-headed whales beached on the shore of hokota city , northeast of tokyo . scientists say they are not sure how the dolphins ended up on the beach but believe they might have got lost . the location of hokota where the dolphins beached . it is now thought 150 creatures are on the beach in japan . television footage showed several animals had been badly cut , and many had deep gashes on their skin . speaking earlier today a coastguard official said they are aware a number of the sea creatures have died . ' we see one or two whales washing ashore a year , but this may be the first time we have found over 100 of them on a beach , . he added . a hokota city official said they had counted 149 dolphins , revising an earlier figure of 130 . three had been successfully returned to the sea by the late afternoon , he added . coastguards covered the dolphins in blankets and put them on a boat so they could be put back in the sea . the japanese coast guard worked nonestop to save the melon-headed whales , part of the dolpin family . the creatures usually live in the deep ocean , but for an unexplained reason had become beached on the shore . dozens of volunteers and local residents turned out to help coastguards with the dolphin rescue operation . the pod of dolphins was stretched out along a roughly six mile-long stretch of beach in hokota , ibaraki , where they were found by locals early on friday morning . while the reason for the beaching was unclear , tadasu yamadao , a researcher at the national museum of nature and science , said the dolphins might have got lost . he explained : ' sonar waves the dolphins emit might have been absorbed in the shoals , which could cause them to lose their sense of direction . ' melon-headed whales , also known as electra dolphins , are relatively common in japanese waters and can grow to be two-to-three meters ( six-to-nine feet ) long . dolphins emit sonar waves , but researches say if these are absorbed they can lose their sense of direction . the rescue operation is in stark contract with japan 's stereotypical attitude towards whales , which are hunted . in 2011 , about 50 melon-headed whales beached themselves in a similar area . the dolphin rescue that took place on friday was a stark contract to the japan 's reputation towards its sealife , as the country continues to hunt minke and pilot whales despite international criticism . it has never made any secret of the fact that meat from the animals is consumed . japan also defies international opinion with the annual slaughter of hundreds of dolphins in a bay near the southern whaling town of taiji . the killing was brought to worldwide attention with the oscar-winning documentary ' the cove ' .