' my , my ! at waterloo napoleon did surrender , ’ sang sweden’s fab four in their famous eurovision song contest winner . now this may come as a surprise , but you would be well advised not to rely on abba to help with your history homework . if benny and bjorn actually laboured under this surrendering misapprehension when they wrote their song ( songwriters are not hot on facts – happy to say anything as long as it rhymes ) , they would have discovered the truth when they subsequently paid a visit to the wellington museum in waterloo , just south of brussels in belgium . view of hougoumont farmhouse from the lion 's mound or butte du lion on the battlefield of waterloo , belgium . judging by the photo of abba’s visit , prominently on view in the museum , the group seems to have been treated to a rapturous limousine procession through the town . my , my : the people of waterloo must have been delighted . napoleon certainly didn’t surrender at waterloo . there was a long day’s fighting on that june day in 1815 and a very shaky start for the uk team , but thanks to some late-arriving prussian assistance , the boy wellington eventually done good . when napoleon saw that things were going badly , he hot-footed it to paris , where he later abdicated . shortly afterwards , boney was taken by the british to the remote atlantic isle of st helena , where he died six years later in circumstances that merited the forensic attentions of a miss marple . ‘waterloo’ quickly entered the english language as a synonym for ‘ a decisive defeat’ . but while the british know what happened when napoleon met his waterloo , the french-speaking world is less convinced . battle of waterloo reenactors stand in historic costume , with rifles and flags . belgium is divided into two halves : flemish-speaking and french-speaking . it is unfortunate for anniversary-celebrating purposes that waterloo lies in the french half where the locals are preparing to mark the bicentenary of the battle of waterloo – with napoleon as the unchallenged star of the show . local anglo-belgian entrepreneur anthony martin has invested a substantial financial stake in plans for marking the anniversary by turning a templar hospice on the edge of the battlefield into a magnificent restaurant-cum-brewery ( where he brews waterloo beer , of course ) and a museum looking at the surgical side of the battle ( not for the squeamish ) . it would be fair to say that mr martin is not best pleased by the outbreak of napoleon-worship . he points to the poster advertising the re-enactment event which will be taking place this summer over four days from june 18 to 21 ; the photograph shows a giant , heroic napoleon towering over the smaller , less impressive figures of wellington and prussian leader blucher . ‘it’s ridiculous , ’ says mr martin . ‘ the french-speaking world refuses to believe napoleon lost the battle . a painting of the battle of waterloo ; 2015 marks the 200th anniversary of the battle . as far as they’re concerned , he scored some sort of moral victory . he lost . but they won’t accept it . ’ however , the french-speaking world – and especially the french – don’t figure very significantly in the numbers of tourists who visit the famous battlefield site every year . the british – and the english-speaking nations of the world – remain fascinated by the victory and the bloody manner in which it was achieved . actually , horror-seeking tourists visited the battlefield almost before they had finished burying the bodies . poet lord byron , something of a bonaparte fan , suddenly found he had time to visit the battlefield when his lavish coach , modelled on napoleon’s battle carriage , broke down on his journey from the channel to the south . ' my , my ! at waterloo napoleon did surrender ! ' abba pictured in the town of waterloo , belgium in 1974 . in a top gear moment , byron treated himself to a charge across the battleground on a large cossack horse he had hired , making himself perhaps the first battlefield tourist . hard on his heels came poet laureate robert southey ; sir walter scott ; the artist turner ; and , a few years later , william wordsworth . it’s worth recalling that wordsworth , as a young man , had welcomed the french revolution ( ‘ bliss was it in that dawn to be alive…’ ) but rapidly shifted his political stance to somewhere far to the right of attila the hun . soon waterloo was established as one of the great continental sights . it was british tourists visiting waterloo who discovered the neglected city of bruges – largely derelict after its access to the sea silted up – and helped to finance its restoration . there was an unmistakable sense that waterloo had been a defining moment in history : europe had been reshaped and , the odd franco-german conflict apart , peace reigned for a century . the pleasure of the area around waterloo is that in many ways it has barely changed . a statue sits atop the lion 's mound , which commemorates the battlefield at waterloo , belgium . if you have time , follow the progress of the conflict along la route napoleon – what else ? – from beaumont , where he camped near the french border on june 14 , to the fields south of waterloo where he was defeated four days later . despite facing superior forces with a hastily assembled army , it is extraordinary that napoleon came very close to victory . wellington reflected : ‘ it has been a damned serious business . blucher and i have lost 30,000 men – the nearest run thing you ever saw in your life ... ’ unbelievable for me was encountering the present duke of wellington in the flesh at waterloo . he was attending the opening ceremony for a new exhibition at the wellington museum on the ‘ shared destinies’ of wellington and napoleon , who fought each other often but never met . it runs until the end of july . my favourite exhibit is lord uxbridge’s wooden leg . at the end of the battle , uxbridge was riding near wellington when they came under cannon fire . ‘ by god , sir , i’ve lost my leg ! ’ announced uxbridge , to which wellington replied : ‘ by god , sir , so you have ! ’ uxbridge was taken to the town of waterloo , where his right leg was amputated above the knee . his only recorded comment during the operation was : ‘ the knives appear somewhat blunt . ’ presumably he had taken advantage of the pint of gin offered as anaesthetic to anyone facing an amputation . the severed leg was buried behind the house and its grave became a tourist attraction . sadly it is no more , but you can see his wooden limb in the museum . perhaps the most interesting sight on the battlefield is hougoumont farm , whose heroic defence by the british is recognised as the pivotal moment of the battle . efforts to restore the property and turn it into a museum were for a long time frustrated by lack of funds , but the project was rescued last year following the intervention of chancellor george osborne who , it turned out , was something of a battlefield enthusiast . an injection of £1 million has ensured hougoumont will open to the public for the first time for the celebrations in june , with guests able to stay in a self-catering cottage within the farm – and as far as i could tell from my visit last month , hougoumont is a napoleon-free zone . may marks the 75th anniversary of operation dynamo , the evacuation of allied troops from dunkirk . dunkirk . while june marks the anniversary of a glorious victory , may sees the 75th anniversary of what has sometimes been referred to as a glorious failure : operation dynamo – the evacuation of allied troops from the beaches near dunkirk from may 26 to june 4 , 1940 . the extraordinary rescue , the largest evacuation in military history , saw 338,226 soldiers brought home to england in the face of ferocious bombing from german aircraft . walk along the wide beach at zuydcoote , a 15-minute drive from the centre of dunkirk , and at first glance there is little to hint at the awful scenes of death and destruction here 75 years ago . i was there with bruno pruvost , a diver who has explored the wrecks on and near the beach – some of the 336 ‘ little ships’ that set sail from england , answering the emergency call , but which never returned . at low tide you can visit the wreck of the crested eagle , a thames river cruiser that picked up 600 men from the beach but was then bombed by a stuka . with his ship in flames , the captain beached the ship with the hope of saving as many of his passengers as possible , you can find out more about the crested eagle and the other ships at the excellent memorial du souvenir at dunkirk . also well worth visiting is the fort des dunes , built as part of a grand defensive line against possible german invasion in the 19th century – and which played its part in the evacuation . back on the beach at zuydcoote , bruno picked up a small black pellet from the beach : ‘ coal from the bunkers of sunken ships – this gets washed up all the time . ’ the sea is still giving up its war souvenirs . eurostar ( eurostar.com , 08432 186186 ) offers nine daily services from london st pancras international to brussels from £72 . tickets to other belgian stations start from £82 . hotel pullman in brussels ( pullmanhotels.com ) offers double rooms from about £73 . visit belgiumtheplaceto.be for further information on brussels and wallonia , and also waterloo2015.org for programme and tickets for the re-enactment . dfds seaways ( dfdsseaways.co.uk , 0871 574 7235 ) sails up to 24 times a day between dover and dunkirk . prices start from £39 each way for a car and up to nine people .