ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for sunderland 's home clash with newcastle ... sunderland vs newcastle united ( stadium of light ) . team news . sunderland . sunderland midfielder lee cattermole will return to the starting line-up for sunday 's derby clash with newcastle . head coach dick advocaat has confirmed that cattermole will be back against the magpies after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season . lee cattermole trains with sunderland on the friday before the wear-tyne derby . however , advocaat will be without experienced defender wes brown , who is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem , while midfielders will buckley ( knee ) and emanuele giaccherini ( ankle ) are still out . provisional squad : pantilimon , mannone , reveillere , van aanholt , jones , o'shea , vergini , coates , cattermole , bridcutt , rodwell , johnson , larsson , alvarez , gomez , agnew , honeyman , fletcher , defoe , wickham , graham . newcastle . newcastle defender massadio haidara will miss sunday 's derby trip to sunderland and will not play again this season after undergoing surgery . the full-back has undergone a procedure to remove a cyst from the knee which has forced him to sit out the last two games . massadio haidara has undergone knee surgery which will see him miss the rest of the season . haidara will join fellow defenders steven taylor ( achilles ) , paul dummett ( knee ) and midfielders cheick tiote ( also knee ) and siem de jong ( collapsed lung ) on the sidelines . midfielder mehdi abeid could be involved after recovering from a thigh problem , but winger rolando aarons ( hamstring ) will not be risked and defender fabricio coloccini and striker papiss cisse continue their respective suspensions . provisional squad : krul , elliot , janmaat , williamson , r.taylor , satka , sterry , abeid , anita , colback , sissoko , gouffran , cabella , ameobi , obertan , gutierrez , kemen , riviere , perez , armstrong . kick-off : sunday , 4pm - sky sports 1 . odds ( subject to change ) : sunderland 8/5 . draw 21/10 . newcastle 9/5 . referee : mike dean . managers : dick advocaat ( sunderland ) , john carver ( newcastle ) . head-to-head league record : sunderland wins 45 , draws 43 , newcastle wins 51 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . sunderland are unbeaten in their last six premier league games against newcastle united ( w4 d2 ) , winning the last four . newcastle have seen nine goals scored by substitutes in the premier league this season ; more than any other side . the black cats have won four successive league derbies against newcastle united for the first time in their history . adam johnson has scored three goals and provided one assist in his last four premier league appearances versus newcastle united . sunderland have won just two of their last 16 premier league matches at the stadium of light ( w2 d7 l7 ) . steven taylor ( centre ) celebrates a goal by ryan taylor ( right ) during newcastle 's last victory over sunderland which was a 1-0 win at the stadium of light in august 2011 . the black cats have failed to score in four of their last five premier league home matches . the magpies have conceded a league-high nine goals in the final five minutes of premier league games this season , including adam johnson’s 90th minute winner in the reverse fixture back in december . those nine goals conceded in the final five minutes of pl games in 2014-15 have cost newcastle united eight points . sunderland have drawn seven games 0-0 in the premier league this season – the record in a single pl campaign is nine ( sheffield united in 1993-94 and leeds in 1996-97 ) . the two players with the most yellow cards in the premier league this season could meet in this match – lee cattermole and jack colback ( 10 yellows each ) .