ed miliband today refused to guarantee that harriet harman would become deputy prime minister if labour wins the general election . just hours before the party launched its women 's manifesto , the labour leader declined several chances to say that his deputy would get the second most powerful job if he gets to number 10 . the snub comes just three days after miss harman made clear that she intended to take the role were labour to make it back into power . ed miliband today refused to confirm that deputy labour leader harriet harman would become deputy prime minister if labour wins the general election . miss harman has previously suggested that gordon brown 's refusal in 2007 to maker her deputy pm was sexist . today mr miliband also refused to guarantee her the role . he told bbc radio 4 's woman 's hour : ' well she 's the shadow deputy prime minister at the moment . ' i 've made a sort of self-denying ordinance which is that i do n't do what i call measuring the curtains , which is starting to presume the result of the election on may 7th . ' harriet is an incredibly strong , incredible asset to our party , i ca n't say fairer than that , but i 'm not going to start anticipating what might happen after the election . ' his remarks will infuriate miss harman , who told the bbc 's andrew marr show on sunday that she intended to become deputy prime minister . ' well i 'm shadow deputy prime minister and i hope that we 'll get into government , ' she said . last year miss harman used a speech to criticise mr brown for not making her deputy pm when she was elected labour 's deputy leader . ' imagine my surprise when having won a hard-fought election to succeed john prescott as deputy leader of the labour party , i discovered that i was not to succeed him as deputy prime minister , ' she said . ' if one of the men had won the deputy leadership would that have happened ? would they have put up with it ? i doubt it . ' while refusing to guarantee the job to miss harman , mr miliband has given stronger assurance to shadow chancellor ed balls that he will have the top job at the treasury , however . last month he said : ' i 'll tell you who is going to be writing a labour budget – it 's me and ed balls , not alex salmond in a million years . ' miss harman is touring the uk in a pink bus which is meant to showcase ' women 's issues ' but has been derided for being patronising to female voters . mr miliband also defended miss harman 's ' pink bus ' , saying he ' loved it ' but had not yet been on board . the pink bus – which is meant to showcase ' women 's issues ' - has been derided for being patronising to female voters . but mr miliband defended it , saying at least it ' provoked ' a conversation . ' i love the pink bus , i am aspiring to go on it . ' he also hit out at suggestions that his wife justine thornton had fallen into the ' trap ' of being an accessory on the campaign trail , insisting she cared deeply about the country . ' i 'd like to see anyone try and stop justine taking part in this campaign because she 'd tell them what for….she is not part of the padding , she is her own person . ' mr miliband added that she was a ' very successful environmental lawyer ' who has recently had her ' biggest case which was about defending columbian farmers from the might of bp ' . asked about his complicated former love life – including a tryst with former newsnight economics editor stephanie flanders - being played out in the press , mr miliband insisted it did not bother him . ' the people i feel sorry for are the people who i have been out with in the past because i am a public figure and they are not . ' the labour leader also admitted his main ' frustration ' with his job was not being able to spend enough time with his sons , daniel , 5 and samuel , 4 . mr miliband admitted that he would be hit by his planned mansion tax on his £2million north london home . presenter jenni murray told mr miliband when she looked at his young sons , she thought of the pressures that had befallen euan blair . mr miliband admitted : ' it 's hard this , i know my first responsibility is to be their dad and i take that incredibly seriously . if i have one frustration about this job , it 's making the time for them . i do n't want to be an absent father but i am definitely not going to let that happen . ' one of labour 's own policies would end up costing his family more , mr miliband admitted . he said his own north london townhouse : ' i think i 'll be in the £2m to £3m band which is £250 a month . but that is a difference at this election : i believe that people who are well-off , people in my position , should pay a little bit more for the nhs ; david cameron wants to cut taxes further for those who are better off like himself . ' mr miliband also insisted that he and his older brother were ' moving on ' from the labour contest , in which ed miliband was the surprise victor . asked why , as his critics said , he had ' stabbed ' his brother david in the front to go for the labour leadership , mr miliband said : ' what drove me to it is a sense that the labour party needed to move on from new labour . i had strong and deep beliefs about how the country needed to change . ' he denied his mother had been too troubled by it , saying ' my mum is pretty stoical . she has faced much harder things to deal with in her life . ' mr miliband also pledged to try and scrap the ' ridiculous ' tampon tax . currently , sanitary products attract vat of 5 per cent . he said : ' we reduced it to 5 per cent , i 'd like to go further . i ca n't promise i will go further because there are these rules in place , but i will keep trying , because it seems to me a ridiculous that you have vat at all on this , ' he said .