a property developer in a wealthy connecticut suburb believes his family are the victims of small-town vengeance which saw his son demoted in the local little league to punish him for threatening the town 's overwhelmingly white ethnic makeup . christopher stefanoni , a 50-year-old from darien , a town of 21,000 with a median household income of $ 200,000 , says his nine-year old was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing . according to a lawsuit filed by stefanoni , locals are so worried at the prospect of the town 's black population - currently 70 people , or 0.33 per cent - getting any bigger that they hit back through the medium of baseball . small-town fury : christopher stefanoni , 50 , says his nine-year-old son was moved into a lower little league team because his affordable housing homes threatened the ethnic makeup of the extremely white town . as well as his son being booted to a lesser team in the league , stefanoni was also banned from coaching . the town and the little league both deny that the goings-on of the little league and stefanoni 's housing plans are linked . in court documents they describe his grievance as ' an imaginary slight that has no connection to reality ' . u.s. census information says that darien is 94 per cent white , with 620 hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks . stefanoni said two proposals were rejected by town officials ; a 16-apartment complex with five affordable units , and a 30-apartment one with nine affordable units . he said : ' darien is a little white enclave , sort of a holdout segregated town . the attitudes that people in darien have are very exclusionary , demeaning . ' when they go after your kids , they 've crossed the line ' . the town has previously been investigated by the justice department over a policy which gave affordable housing priority to people who already lived and worked in darien . swanky : this photograph shows darien 's downtown area , complete with picturesque new england architecture and expensive cars parked up in front of boutique stores . the policy was dropped before the investigation finished . the lawsuit and a federal housing investigation reopened old wounds in darien . the town was made famous by the 1947 oscar-winner gentleman 's agreement , starring gregory peck , which depicted anti-semitic residents conspiring not to sell property to jews . stefanoni and his wife , margaret , filed the lawsuit in 2013 against the darien little league those who were in charge when their son was demoted , in fall 2010 . the demotion came just days after stefanoni filed an affordable housing application for property right next to the home of a former league official . several months later , stefanoni was banned from coaching in the league . lawyers for the little league deny the allegations and have filed a motion to have the suit dismissed . according to court documents , league officials say they made a mistake placing the stefanoni 's son on a higher-level team , after the housing application was filed , and corrected the error by moving him to another team . sceptical : deli owner rob williamson , pictured in front of his store , does not think the town is conspiring to keep out black people . in the application they wrote : ' mr stefanoni is pursuing a baseless litigation as a means to harass and retaliate against defendants for an imaginary slight that has no connection to reality or to the civil rights laws that he purports to vindicate . ' former little league board members named in the lawsuit declined to comment . stefanoni made a total of three affordable housing applications , one of which was ultimately approved . the lawsuit includes allegations about city officials blocking affordable housing applications to keep blacks from moving into town , claims identical to those in another pending federal lawsuit against the town by a different affordable housing developer whose project was rejected . the u.s. department of justice in 2010 began investigating whether the town was violating the fair housing act with a zoning policy approved in 2009 that gave top priority for new affordable housing to darien residents and other people with ties to the town , including town employees . the planning and zoning commission rescinded the policy later in 2010 , and the justice department closed the investigation in 2012 without taking any action , the darien times reported . unfortunate reputation : darien was immortalized in 1947 by the likes of gregory peck in gentleman 's agreement , which depicted townsfolk conspiring to keep out jews by not selling them property . according to state data , 2.6 percent of darien 's nearly 7,100 housing units qualify as affordable . connecticut governor dannel malloy has called affordable housing one of the state 's most pressing needs and has committed hundreds of millions of dollars for more affordable housing . in 2010 , darien won a four-year exemption to a state law making it easier for developers to build in towns with less than 10 percent affordable housing and town officials expect to win another after resolving a dispute with the state . the town says it is entitled to the exemption under a complicated formula involving existing affordable housing units . darien first selectman jayme stevenson said the town has made significant efforts to increase affordable housing and its housing practices are n't discriminatory . ' the darien of today bears no resemblance to the allegations that the stefanonis ... are intending to propagate , ' she said . ' these folks are developers and they 're looking to develop housing and make some money . ' rob williamson , owner of uncle 's deli in downtown darien , said he does n't believe the town is being discriminatory in rejecting affordable housing applications . ' the town 's small , very tight knit , ' the resident of nearby stamford said . ' that does n't mean we want to keep anyone out . it 's a small , little new england town and i think they want to keep it that way . '