celebrity chef pete evans has lost yet another profitable deal after being dropped as a celebrity ambassador by the national salad chain , sumo salad . the food chain are strongly denying that this move is related to evans ' recent paleo controversies , and maintains that the decision to not renew his two-year contract was made a long time ago . this comes at the same time that evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook ' bubba yum yum : the paleo way ' will become a self-published digital book to be released this month . scroll down for video . pete evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain ' sumo salad ' . this has come after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns . the head of marketing for sumo salad , petra orrenius has told news.com.au that they had a positive collaboration with pete evans but had been with him for too long . they have decided to take their marketing in a different direction and this does not include evans . sumo salad maintains that their decision was not due to evans ' paleo controversies . ' i think often when you’re trying to make a difference you have to be a bit radical and stand out . we’ve always been very supportive of pete and we’re happy with that , ' orrenius said . pete evans ' paleo cookbook for infants had been delayed over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth . ' in my view , there 's a very real possibility that a baby may die if this book goes ahead , ' said professor heather yeatman , president of the public health association of australia . however , the book is reportedly set for release online amidst the controversy . ' we now know that [ bubba yum yum ] will be released by the end of the month , ' evans posted on his facebook on thursday afternoon . bubba yum yum : the paleo way is set to be self-published at the end of this month as a digital book . the book is co-authored by charlotte carr ( left ) who is also facing critics after it was revealed that she has been doing voice-overs for fast-food chains . his career as a judge on the hit tv show , ' my kitchen rules , ' is reportedly already on thin ice , but his co-authors are also facing their share of criticism . australian women 's weekly have reported that naturopath helen padarin has been slammed by the health care complaints commission with sources saying she breached their codes of conduct . she reportedly provided incorrect information over the nutritional comparisons between breastmilk and baby formula made of liver and bone broth - a recipe in bubba yum yum . blogger and co-author , charlotte carr has also joined negative headlines after it was revealed that she has been doing voice-overs for fast-food chains kfc , coca-cola and cadbury 's whilst promoting a paleo lifestyle .      