premier league clubs are now so wealthy through their tv deals that they can afford to turn down a title sponsorship worth £45million a year . guinness offered the top flight a huge deal of £135m over three years , a £5m-a-year increase on the payments from barclays , whose 15-year partnership with the premier league will finish at the end of next season . but the clubs awash with over £5billion from domestic tv rights alone rejected the bid from guinness’s parent company diageo , in part because some teams have conflicting beer deals . the premier league has turned down a bid from guinness to replace barclays as the title sponsor . instead the pl want as much as £60m a year from a mega title backer but will also examine a multi-partnership sponsorship model . such are the tv riches that the smaller clubs in the pl are the ones more anxious about the sponsorship money — the £3m-a-year split doesn’t make much difference to the top of the table . the fa , meanwhile , have failed to find an ‘ in association’ fa cup partner this season prepared to pay £9m a year , although it’s understood wembley finally have someone at the table after well over a year’s search . the league 's mega-rich clubs have demanded a deal in the region of £60m-a-season from 2016 . sky sports’ petty refusal to let pundit thierry henry present tony mccoy with the champion jump jockey trophy at his sandown farewell on saturday — because it’s on channel 4 — doesn’t mean that an arsenal legend will not doing the honours . another iconic gunners name has been lined up for the role although sandown officials want to keep his identity a secret from arsenal fan mccoy until the ceremony . it’s known that tony adams is unavailable while the ‘legendary’ tag surely rules out ray parlour , the romford pele . ian wright , record goalscorer before henry , would be a good choice . thierry henry 's ( centre ) contract with sky sports have presented him presenting a trophy to tony mccoy . surrey boss richard thompson’s elevation to chairman of the england cricket commercial committee will aid the sport’s chronic need for more terrestrial tv coverage . thompson will push for a free-to-air highlights deal for the domestic t20 blast this summer which would be vital to grow a tournament that is in the shadow of the ipl and the australian big bash . gary neville is not known as a bon viveur . but the sky pundit was keen enough to meet up with the class of 92 for a birthday party in honour of nicky butt’s wife shelly at a london casino that he left stamford bridge last sunday on the back of a dispatch rider’s motorbike . gary neville was desperate to get away from stamford bridge to get to nicky butt 's wife 's birthday party . second chance saloon . the football league awards — the best football dinner in the calendar by a distance — showed this year there is a way back for some football offenders . shortlisted for the player in the community honour was leyton orient’s elliot omozusi , who served 16 months in prison for intimidating a witness in a murder trial . and one of the contenders for goal of the season was shrewsbury’s andy mangan , who was banned for five months for betting on his own team when he played for bury . leeds’ banned owner massimo cellino has few fans — understandably , considering the constant turmoil at elland road . yet it was the italian who insisted midfielder lewis cook , voted championship apprentice of the year , was given a first-team chance . massimo cellino may not be popular but his decision to force lewis cook into the first team paid off . meanwhile , leeds put out a statement after the sick-note six ruled themselves out of the match at charlton , saying that the club ‘ stand by internal medical recommendations’ . yet when the leeds medical staff advised cellino about the chronic knee condition of ac milan player zan benedicic , he was still signed on loan and played 13 minutes of league football before needing more surgery . jevans will stay silent . debbie jevans , who walked out of her job as ceo of england rugby 2015 before she was pushed , cut a relaxed figure at the football league awards dinner . jevans left her post six months ahead of the world cup following a breakdown in relationship with the interfering rfu . the chances of jevans , an independent director of the fl , ever going public with the personal reasons for her exit are remote . 