celebrities have eaten kangaroo testicles in the jungle and injured themselves while jumping off ski slopes . but b-list stars will be breathing a sigh of relief after a spanish tv station announced it would be shelving plans to make them face their worst ordeal yet - being chased by rampaging bulls . state broadcaster rtve has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in pamplona . scroll down for video . fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event . the corporation caved in after the town 's authorities said they would refuse to cooperate with their proposed programme . the bull running takes part during the annual san fermin fiesta , and the mayor said he feared the broadcasters would turn the world famous festival into something out of big brother . enrique maya told local media outlets : ' i am completely opposed to such a programme , and if it goes ahead it will be with zero co-operation from the city hall . ' he said that city hall had been working to try and give the traditional encierro event more ' artistic and cultural value ' . the town 's mayor said he feared the reality tv show would turn bull running into big brother . he added : ' turning san fermin into something like big brother would be terrible . ' fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event , known as the encierro . in 2014 two people were severely injured after being gored by a frightened bull . held since 1591 , the fiesta attracts tens of thousands of foreign visitors each year for nine days of revelry , morning bull-runs and afternoon bullfights . ernest hemingway propelled the san fermin fiesta to worldwide fame after writing it about it in his 1926 novel the sun also rises . held since 1591 , the fiesta attracts tens of thousands of foreign visitors each year for nine days of revelry , morning bull-runs and afternoon bullfights . alexander fiske-harrison , co-author and editor of ' fiesta : how to survive the bulls of pamplona ' dismissed the plans as ' laughable ' . he told the local , ' imagine trying to film a b-list celebrity running with the bulls in all the madness of the fiesta . it 's laughable . '