sport 's propensity to play mind games with its protagonists was rarely more obviously stated than after qualifying for the chinese grand prix , when nico rosberg cursed his mercedes team . hamilton , the world champion , was relaxed and delighted having taken pole but rosberg , his team-mate , was grim-faced , demoralised and made his first public criticism of his team . nico rosberg will start behind pole-sitter lewis hamilton with sebastian vettel third on the grid in china . rosberg cut a frustrated figure in the paddock after he missed out on pole to hamilton by just 0.042secs . rosberg was only four-hundredths of a second behind the briton and will start second on the grid . sebastian vettel of ferrari is third , nearly a second adrift of hamilton . but rosberg was visibly angry after the mercedes pit-wall brains put him under unnecessary ‘pressure’ . the german was the last driver out for his final flying lap , meaning he had to rush to get in a competitive time . rosberg , who is customarily gracious in defeat , fell slightly short of hamilton’s mark and was grumpy afterwards . he said : ‘ it was not ideal to put me under pressure like that . i don’t think it cost me anything , but even the mind-set to know that i have to speed up a bit — we need to look into that . sparks fly off the back of rosberg 's mercedes during qualifying for sunday 's race in shanghai . the german has now been out-qualified by hamilton at each of the three races this season . ‘ other than that the lap was good and it is very annoying as the lap is never perfect , so four hundredths is always in it . tyre degradation is going to be a big issue for the race as we are going to take the tyres right to the limit . so there are many opportunities . ’ poor old rosberg was cock of the walk in the early and middle parts of last season , but he seems terribly lacklustre since hamilton won the title . even his mercedes boss , niki lauda , said he should ‘ sort himself out’ — a statement on rosberg’s psyche rather than his work ethic . whether he has the speed to match hamilton may be at the centre of his anger . the briton set his fastest time on his penultimate lap . it was enough . rosberg , though , got closer to hamilton than he has recently . mclaren will again be towards the back of the grid with jenson button 17th and fernando alonso 18th . barely a hair’s breadth separated the former champions . button said : ‘ i guess we hoped we might be just a bit closer than we were today . in practice , we’d looked a bit more competitive , certainly . ‘we’d found a reasonably good balance with the car , in fact , but the lap-time isn’t quite there yet . ’ hamilton will start from the front of the pack as he bids to win his fourth grand prix in china . 