an excitable german shepherd puppy learned that mothers do indeed know best when its guardian put it in its place with a paw . videoed outside by its owner tracy , the young german shepherd named kali bounces about the decking playfully . and is at a complete contrast to its adopted mother , who watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor . the young german shepherd bounces about the decking playfully while its mother relaxes on the floor . jumping onto its bed before rolling off and crashing into the back of its mother , the puppy drops its ball and chases after it . its mother , after keeping a close eye on kali , then gets up and follows the young dog over to the corner of the decking . after creeping up on kali , the mother begins nudging the young dog with her nose . after keeping a close eye on kali , the mother gets up and follows the young dog over to the corner of the decking . the mother begins nudging the young dog with her nose and obediently kali makes a complete turn . obediently , kali makes a complete turn and skips off in the direction that she is being sent – the older dog stands over her during the entire walk back . once the young german shepherd reaches the bed it makes a lunge for its toy bone , but immediately its mother lifts her paw and pushes it down . kali then remains very still while lying on her side as her mother pushes her into place and appears to almost tuck her in . the older dog then moves back to where she was at the start of the video and sets about relaxing again . the young german shepherd skips back to the bed while its adopted mother stands over it the entire way back . once on the bed kali makes a lunge for her toy bone but her mother lays her down with her paw . the video concludes with the young puppy immediately becoming unsettled and chewing on the corner of its toy bone while in its bed . according to the video maker the footage , which was shot in california , was taken shortly after kali was adopted . she said that her german shepherd naturally took on the role of surrogate mother and supervises the youngster during play and nap time .