in the hunger games , katniss everdeen is pulled out of obscurity , swiftly develops expert bow-and-arrow skills and leads a government rebellion - all without having to deal with braces or a single spot . however , the rise of the young adult heroine has prompted a backlash on twitter , as more people compare the fictional portrayals with the mediocrity of their own lives . teenagers have taken to the social media site to hilariously voice their frustrations between the fantastical lives in the pages of books and in films , and reality using the hashtag # realisticya . the hunger games book ( left ) , the main character , katniss everdeen ( played by jennifer lawrence in the film - pictured right ) deals with exciting scenarios but never from any teenage ailments such as acne or braces . twitter user , adrienne long , makes a reference to the fact that many ya heroines have their lives turned upside-down , but they are always prepared . real life would perhaps be very different . many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels , but the twitter users describe their own realistic reactions , or what would really be probable . comparing real life to katniss everdeen 's role in the hunger games , adrienne long tweets : ' girl finds out she has impossible destiny to fulfill . fails miserably having never spent a day preparing for it # realisticya . ' some funny tweets simply address that at a time when many teenagers are going through the awkward stages of puberty , the ya protagonists are completely free from any awkward ailments . joanna macgregor tweeted : ' i met this new guy at school . he 's really freaking cute but he has , like , zits , and i have , y'know , a muffin-top . ' young adults tell it like is is on twitter under the hashtag # realistic ya . one teen addresses that unlike her perfect ya contemporaries , she suffers from adolescent ailments . another girl 's tweet refers to twilight , where the main character has to choose from multiple love-interests . some look at dangerous scenarios and what would be likely to happen . rather than escaping every situation unscathed , the twitter users take a wry and straight-forward approach to the situation . referring to the twilight novel , one writer refers to bella 's choice between her multiple love-interests jacob and edward . danielle welling writes : ' girl has no problem choosing between two equally hot boys in love with her . because no hot boys love her . # realisticya . ' other tweets look at young teens in a realistic manner , calling them '100 % human ' rather than ' mysterious and broody ' , and others look at realistic situations that arise with teen romances . another tweet describes being too busy to be the ' chosen one ' - referring to the character beatrice prior in divergent . preeti chhibber writes : ' girl is chosen one but actually has 250hrs of community service , college apps , sats and resume building so she ca n't but thx # realisticya . ' not the chosen one ? in the book divergent ( left ) , beatrice prior , who is played by shailene woodley in the film ( pictured right with actor theo james ) is the ' chosen ' one and leads a rebellion against the corrupt goverment . one user points out that many would not have the time to simply drop their lives to become the ' chosen one ' . the hashtag on twitter sees users comparing the reality of their own lives to young adult heroines . this # realisticya looks at the fact that real teenage scenarios can mean that sometimes love is unrequited . if harry potter had never gone to hogwarts , jk rowling may have had five or six less books to write . some of the tweets are hilarious because if the character in question did what the tweet suggests , much of the action in the novels would have never happened . linda newbery tweets : ' boy thinks about running away , but changes mind when he realises that life at home is just too comfortable . ' many can imagine what the harry potter books would have been like if harry never went to wizard school , hogwarts . how young adults would really react to situations in novels revealed on twitter . another twitter user users the hashtag to voice her concern that romantic leads have to be ' broody ' or a ' jerk ' . another girl writes about the realistic possibility that teenagers might be too frightened to confront their romantic interests . hundreds of twitter users have taken part in the hashtag . others have written funny commentaries about how swiftly the heroine 's life changes - and how a normal teenager , put in the same scenario , would be highly unprepared and may miss the opportunity . another tweet explores the fact that on several occasions in ya novels , the protagonist may meet a mysterious , handsome stranger who aids her , but unlike normal teens is never overwhelmed or nervous . lustybustyliz writes : ' girl meets boy at the library . he 's smart , cute & interested . she has a panic attack and hides in the bathroom . '