it 's hot or not time again as ian ladyman reveals what 's been making him feel warm this week and what 's been leaving him cold inside . italians embrace the cricket world cup ( yes , really ) , a neville takes charge of england and it 's not looking good for the rickies . hot . cricket world cup . a spellbinding tournament that reached in to places we couldn’t have imagined , last weekend’s gazzetta dello sport magazine in italy even carried a centre spread photograph of australia’s david warner . imagine how good the whole thing would have been had england been playing .  from melbourne to milan ... they all knew about australia 's triumph in the cricket world cup . colin graves . much disdain from the establishment for the new ecb chief’s talk of four-day test matches but at least he’s thinking . if the long format of the game isn’t quite dying then it’s certainly withering . the future of test cricket could be in line for a change now colin graves is the new ecb chief . tracey neville . it’s tough to dedicate a life to sport when you know that the world isn’t really watching but neville’s appointment as england netball coach follows an 81-cap international career , five years of domestic coaching and the establishment of an academy . the nevilles , still busy . tracey neville has played and worked her way to the very top of her sport and is now in charge of england . kevin sinfield . the leeds rhinos half-back has all his dental work done without anaesthetic ‘ because it’s quicker’ but he may find his late career switch from league to union a rather more taxing challenge . many – on both sides of the divide – will hope he fails but the chances are that he won’t . it 's all change for kevin sinfield as he switches codes from league to union . not . roberto mancini . his inter team sit ninth in that forgotten small-time squabble that is serie a and the italian press have called for mancini to destroy his squad and rebuild it . ‘ yaya toure will be the first piece in the new inter frankenstein’ , predicted gazetta . the monster will need cake , though . this better be good , roberto ! mancini 's inter milan are way off the pace in serie a . rickie lambert . liverpool have injury problems up front but a certainty is that lambert will not play at arsenal . lambert’s move to his boyhood club has ruined him and if brendan rodgers had no intention of devising a plan b at anfield , why on earth did he buy him ? this goal against aston villa was one of only three rickie lambert has scored for liverpool this season . lambert celebrates after scoring during liverpool 's victory at villa park in january . phil jones . further evidence that moving to a big club doesn’t always work , jones needs to improve quickly at manchester united . it would , however , help if louis van gaal could become the first old trafford manager of three to decide where exactly he wishes to play him . phil jones ( left ) was on england duty this week but it 's back to the day job with manchester united . butch harmon . the esteemed us coach wants client rickie fowler to become ‘nasty’ in order to break his major duck at the us masters this week , which is odd given that his most successful current student – phil mickleson – has won three green jackets by being exactly the opposite . rickie fowler will bid to break his major duck next week but is it really time to turn into mr nasty ?  