wayne rooney wants to put a smile back on the faces of manchester united fans by claiming victory in sunday 's derby against city at old trafford . rooney has enjoyed a good record against manchester city since he joined united in 2004 . the 29-year-old is the leading united scorer in derby history with 11 goals , the most famous of which came in 2011 when he scored an acrobatic late winner in a 2-1 victory for united at old trafford . wayne rooney knows manchester united will be playing for ' pride ' against rivals manchester city . rooney celebrates scoring during united 's 3-1 premier league victory against aston villa . he has had to get used to being on the losing side in recent years , though . united have lost their last four meetings against their biggest rivals , but rooney is determined to put an end to that sequence this weekend . ' you play for man united , you want to win these derby games , ' the united captain told mutv . ' we want to give united fans something to smile about when they go to work on monday morning , we want them to be the ones to be able to give out the banter to manchester city fans at work . sergio aguero ( right ) scored the winning goal as city beat united 1-0 last november . united boss louis van gaal will be hoping his side can earn a four-point gap over city . ' i think it 's a very important game for manchester united and manchester city ... for the fans and , for me , it 's a massive game of pride . ' as well as pride , rooney knows victory would put united four points clear of city , who dropped to fourth in the table following a 2-1 defeat to crystal palace on monday . rooney scored a stunning volley in last week 's 3-1 win over aston villa and is certain to start against city on sunday . louis van gaal has the option of welcoming back robin van persie after he returned to training following an ankle injury . but the united boss is more likely to stick with a front three of rooney , juan mata and ashley young , who have served him so well in van persie 's absence .