these stunning images capture the way young people in iran are defying the country 's hardline islamic image to create a more westernised society . taken in the capital tehran , the photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public , drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles . some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the stars and stripes - something previously unthinkable in a country where the conservative religious and political leadership still regularly leads chants of ' death to america ' at public meetings . new era : people kiss and dance at a masquerade house party in the iranian capital where alcohol is being served and consumed . modern : a group of young iranians laugh as they wear fancy dress costumes at a party where they drink alcohol , kiss and dance . political : some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the stars and stripes - something previously unthinkable in a country where the conservative religious and political leadership still regularly leads chants of ' death to america ' at public meetings . celebration : a group of young iranians are seen heading in to the country 's desert where they have illegal , alocohol-fuelled parties . peace and love : young people in iran are defying the country 's hardline islamic image to create a more westernised society . young people represent the largest societal bloc in iran , with over 63 per cent of iran 's population of 73 million people aged under 30 . the iranian youth is also among the most politically active groups within the 57 nations that make up the islamic world . as the most restive segment of iranian society , the young also represent one of the greatest long-term threats to the current form of theocratic rule . young activists have influenced the islamic republic 's political agenda since 1997 . after the 2009 presidential election , the iranian youth was the biggest bloc involved in the region 's first sustained ' people power ' movement for democratic change , which helped create a new political dynamic in the middle east . in many ways the highly-politicised largely shiite youth of iran can be seen as a forerunner of the arab spring movement that swept the sunni muslim world in 2011 . change : a woman gives the peace sign as she poses for a portrait in front of a mural of the statue of liberty at a closed u.s. embassy . head over heels : a young man is seen taking part in parkour , where contestants have to find unorthodox ways of moving around the city . young people represent the largest societal bloc in iran , with over 63 per cent of iran 's population of 73 million people aged under 30 . taken in the capital tehran , the photographs show people in their early 20s engaging in music , street art and living openly gay lifestyles . making a change : the iranian youth is among the most politically active groups within the 57 nations that make up the islamic world . unconventional : a young parkour performer runs , jumps and climbs on metal railings outside a mosque in the iranian capital tehran . the islamic republic of iran forcibly regained control over the most rebellious sector of society through detentions , expulsions from universities , and expanding the powers of its own young paramilitary forces following the rise of the ' people power ' movement in 2009 . but youth demands have not changed , and anger simmers beneath the surface . the regime also remains vulnerable because it has failed to address basic socio-economic problems among the young . the will of young people in iran has also influenced iran 's changing relationship with the u.s , which has just come to preliminary nuclear agreement with the islamic republic . the biggest enforcement provision in that agreement is turning into one of the mostly hotly contested elements , however . and the debate barely involves iran . instead , it concerns the obama administration 's promise to quickly re-impose sanctions on iran if the country cheats on any part of the agreement to limit its nuclear program to peaceful pursuits . this would be relatively straightforward for the sanctions imposed by the u.s. , as congress is eager to keep the pressure on . but it is far from clear whether president barack obama can guarantee such action at the united nations , which has imposed wide-ranging penalties that all u.n. members must enforce . as the most restive segment of iranian society , the young also represent one of the greatest long-term threats to iran 's theocratic rule . hip hop and break dance performers pose for the camera as the dance in the streets of the modern ekbatan neighbourhood of tehran . taking a stand : young activists have had a massive influence on the islamic republic of iran 's political agenda since 1997 . love and religion : a gay couple kiss one another while holding a copy of the koran as a symbol of the struggle for change in iran . a young iranian is seen driving in to the country 's desert to join one of the many illegal , alcohol-fuelled parties hosted there . at present , there 's no firm agreement on how or when to lift the sanctions in the first place . ayatollah ali khamenei , iran 's supreme leader , and president hassan rouhani yesterday said they want all sanctions lifted on the first day of implementation . that 's not the position of u.s. and other negotiators , a major issue that still must be worked out . assuming it can be , that still would leave the big question of possible re-imposition . the disagreement on this issue is between the u.s. and its european allies on one side , and russia and china on the other - all countries involved in the nuclear negotiations . and even though all six world powers and iran agreed last week to the framework agreement that is supposed to be finalized by june 30 , the ' snapback ' mechanism for u.n. sanctions remains poorly defined and may prove unworkable . ' if iran violates the deal , sanctions can be snapped back into place , ' obama declared last week . controversial : a young iranian woman stands in front of an old piece of political graffiti reading ' down with usa ' . a young man is seen taking part in parkour , where contestants have to find unorthodox ways of moving around the city . bouncing around the city : a young man is seen taking part in parkour in the capital of the islamic republic of iran , tehran . westernised : the will of young people in iran has also influenced iran 's changing relationship with the united states . superman : a young parkour performer runs , jumps and climbs over a concrete bench outside a mosque in the iranian capital tehran . defying the regime : it is illegal for people to kiss in public in iran - something man young people choose to ignore . obama went further this week , saying that restoring the international sanctions would not require consensus among u.n. security council members . and energy secretary ernest moniz , who helped seal last week 's pact , insisted ' no one country could block the snapback . ' that assertion rests on an informal compromise reached at the talks in lausanne , switzerland , to bypass the typical u.n. security council process if iran breaks the agreement . normally in that body , any one of the five permanent members - the u.s. , britain , france , russia and china , which are all party to the iran negotiations - can veto resolutions . but many questions remain , including what would happen if two or more countries object . russia and china have traditionally opposed almost all u.n. sanctions measures , and , perhaps tellingly , neither country 's foreign minister was present when the april 2 framework was unveiled . washington and its negotiating partners plan to suspend or lift many sanctions after the u.n. nuclear agency confirms iran has scaled back its activity in accordance with a final deal . but the u.s. and its european partners want the capacity to quickly reinstate the restrictions if iran reneges .