surgeons have removed kidneys that each weighed as much as a newborn baby from an indian man with a genetic disorder . the giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs ( 2.7kg ) - and was 20 times bigger thanit should have been . it was was extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease ( adpkd ) . this condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys , so they expand in size . surgeons have removed the kidneys , which weighed as much as a newborn baby , from a 45-year-old man with a genetic disease . scan shows the kidneys , which had grown to 20 times their normal size . incredibly , a week after his initial operation at delhi 's sir ganga ram hospital , a second kidney weighing 5.5lbs ( 2.5kg ) was removed . both kidneys beat the previous record of 4.7lbs ( 2.1kg ) , which was removed in dhule , india , in 2011 , according to guinness world records . normally , healthy kidneys weigh between 125g and 170g in men - less than half a pound . the patient was diagnosed with adpkd , which is potentially lethal , last year . he arrived at the hospital suffering from high fever , blood in his urine and severe abdominal pain before he was admitted . ' i used to remain tired throughout the day due to excessive blood loss , ' the patient , whose name has not been released by the hospital , said . it took a team of surgeons three hours to remove the giant organ , before he was then put on dialysis . he will soon receive a kidney transplant . dr bhargav , one of the surgeons who carried out the procedure , said : ' the kidney was 20 times the normal size and was stuck around the intestines . normal healthy kidneys weight between 125g and 170g in men - less than half a pound . one of the kidneys the doctors removed weighed 6lbs ( 2.7kg ) ( is is pictured on the scales ) . ' the patient is recovering and awaiting a kidney transplant . ' adpkd affects between 1 in 700-1,000 individuals worldwide , with 12.5 million cases globally , and is currently incurable . it is caused by mutations in one or more genes , causing them to function abnormally . cysts develop in the kidneys , and often the livers and the pancreas . over time , they grow and multiple , replacing normal healthy tissue and causing the kidneys to stop working . in the early stages , there may be no symptoms and the cysts wo n't be noticed until adulthood . they will vary by individual but may include back or abdominal pain , recurrent urinary infections or blood in the urine , kidney stones and kidney failure . two thirds of adults with adpkd will develop high blood pressure , and 1 in 12 will develop small brain aneurysms . autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease ( adpkd ) is an inherited condition that causes small , fluid-filled sacs called cysts to develop in the kidneys . although children are born with the condition , adpkd does not usually cause any noticeable problems until the cysts grow large enough to affect the kidneys ' functions . in most cases , this does n't occur until 30-60 years of age . when adpkd reaches this stage , it can cause a wide range of problems , including abdominal pain , high blood pressure , blood in the urine , urine infections and kidney stones . eventually , kidney function gets worse and worse , until so much is lost that kidney failure develops . adpkd affects between 1 in 700-1,000 individuals worldwide , with 12.5 million cases globally , and is currently incurable . it is caused by mutations in one or more genes , causing them to function abnormally . sources : nhs choices and polycystic kidney charity . 