a former prison is being turned into a hotel where it 's hoped guests wo n't mind being locked up for the night . the jail , once home to men and women detained for petty crimes , will now provide a luxury night 's stay for guests looking for a room steeped in history . the grade ii listed building was previously known as bridewell prison in liverpool , and housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences . bridewell prison in liverpool is being developed into a luxury hotel where guests wo n't mind spending the night . the grotty jail was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes , and is now undergoing a dramatic facelift . the rooms have being transformed into bright and airy abodes , a far cry from the desolate and dark cells they once were . the prison was completely secure and a plaque on the wall , which remains in the reception area today , reads : ' please do not ask for bail because a refusal often offends . ' but the thick lead paint has been stripped from doors and brick walls , exposing traditional brickwork and original iron work features and the exercise yard , once open to the elements , has been converted into a glass covered indoor lounge space . the quadrangle of former cells across four floors has been transformed into slick modern rooms complete with hi-spec en suite bathrooms , led smart tv 's and art work of famous ex-cons . bridewell prison was constructed in 1857-1859 by corporation surveyor john weightman , and was originally designed as a police station and courts complex for the corporation of liverpool . the development has maintained much of the historic character of the prison , while offering chic style and comfort . rooms come complete with photos of former inmates , as well as a kettle and right , spikes that were used as anti climbers in what would of been the courtyard which is now being transformed into a lounge . how the cells used to look like ; but now they are somewhat more inspiring and will offer a better night 's sleep . at different times , it had 60-90 cells , each measuring 7ft x 7ft with a heavy wooden door , 3ft thick brick walls and stone floors . each cell had a toilet that was positioned at the end of a wooden bench where a prisoner would have to sleep . there were tunnels underneath the prison , leading to the old courts at st george 's hall and directly to the docks . these still remain , although it is thought they have been blocked over the years . the development is the latest project by staycentral.com - a new liverpool-based hotel chain . it 's due to open in the spring and will host weekend music and leisure events , pop-up bars and business networking meetings . the quadrangle of former cells across four floors has been transformed into slick modern rooms complete with hi-spec en suite bathrooms . the prison was completely secure and a plaque on the wall , which remains in the reception area today , reads : ' please do not ask for bail because a refusal often offends ' . the exercise yard , once open to the elements , has been converted into a glass covered indoor lounge space . the grade ii listed building housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences . lee darwen , operations director for staycentral.com , said : ' the walls are super thick with layers of original british bond brick and the doors are solid oak , so there is no danger of being woken by noisy neighbours . ' bridewell is n't just any normal first opening ; it 's steeped in history , it 's in a brilliant location and most of all it fits with the ethos of the modern micro-hotel concept which staycentral.com will roll out nationwide in the coming years . ' the concept behind staycentral.com is to give both weekend city revellers and mid-week professionals - the so-called millennials - centrally located , space-efficient crash pads with fast free wi-fi , at affordable rates all through the year . ' bridewell has such historical significance in liverpool and we are looking forward to welcoming our first guests and forming it 's new future as a hotel . ' picture shows inspector d gunn , c williams , chief inspector morris and inspector winkles who worked at bridewell . the new look is a far cry to how the building used to look in its days as a prison in liverpool . the thick lead paint has been stripped from doors and brick walls , exposing traditional brickwork and original iron work features . 