facing investigation : rifaat al-assad , 77 , is being probed by french police over his £64million fortune . the uncle of syrian president bashar al-assad is facing a criminal investigation in france after amassing a £64million fortune despite being kicked out of syria ' with nothing ' 30 years ago . prosecutors in paris have revealed details of the year-long probe into rifaat al-assad 's finances . mr al-assad , 77 , went into exile in europe after staging a failed coup against his brother hafez al assad , who was syria 's president at the time and is also bashar 's father . he has since spent more than 30 years living a life of luxury moving between homes in paris , london and the southern spanish city of marbella . the inquiry into the former syrian vice president 's finances was triggered by sherpa , an activist group representing the victims of financial crime , which claims his fortune was stolen during his time at the heart of the syrian regime . his family 's assets , outlined by french customs in a may 2014 report , are valued at around £64million - much of it held through a web of businesses based in luxembourg . mr al-assad has vehemently denied acquiring assets in france through illegal means . he also told investigators he ' had nothing ' when he left syria , having always given his wages away to the poor , according to a source close to the investigation . ' it was ( then french president ) francois mitterrand who asked me to come to france ... he was very kind , ' he said , according to the source . on friday , one of mr al-assad 's lawyers said : ' were there even the slightest doubt over my client 's real estate ... would president francois mitterrand have awarded him the legion d'honneur ( france 's highest distinction ) in 1986 ? ' he told reuters that his client 's property holdings dated back to 1984-1986 and were transparent and legal . heart of the regime : rifaat al-assad ( left ) is pictured with his brother , the late syrian president hafez al-assad , in 1984 before his exile from the country . his nephew : activists say rifaat al-assad ( pictured in 1984 , left ) , who is the uncle of current syrian president bashar ( right ) , stole money from the country while operating at the heart of its government . his son siwar al-assad told france info radio his father had received funds since 1984 from ' states , leaders and friends abroad ' . that included a gift from the king of saudi arabia of a 45 hectare ( 111 acre ) property and stud farm north of paris , he said . mr al-assad claims he invested these gifts in property , but did not keep a close eye on the details . ' i only occupy myself with politics , ' he said , according to the source . ' they bring me papers to sign ... i do n't know how to pay , even in restaurants . ' other members of the family have given evidence that saudi backers have supported them ever since their exile in the 1980s . another of mr al-assad 's lawyers benjamin grundler says his client ' lives principally from the sale of apartments ... and from the regular help of saudi arabia ' , stressing ' it is not syrian money ' . defending his father : siwar al-assad - the son of rifaat al-assad and bashar 's cousin - told france info radio his father had received funds since 1984 from ' states , leaders and friends abroad ' . however , french syria expert fabrice balanche , of cnrs university in lyons , told the probe he is highly sceptical about the explanations . speaking to investigators , he said : ' saudi arabia has no interest in supporting rifaat , who does n't represent anything . ' mr al-assad commanded syria 's notorious internal security forces in the 1970s and early 1980s . those forces carried out the bloody hama massacre in 1982 , which crushed a small islamist uprising by the muslim brotherhood , killing between 10,000 and 25,000 civilians in the process , according to amnesty international . mr al-assad has always denied having a leading role in the massacre . pictured during regime : rifaat al-assad ( right ) is seen with his brother hafez ( left ) and syrian politician abdel halim khaddam ( centre ) .