the nation has yet to hear the first words of prince george . but thanks to new puppet show newzoids , we can at least get a version of them . in true satirical style , the 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm . teasers for the itv programme – which starts tonight at 9pm – show the duke and duchess of cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little , well , common . scroll down for video . ' rascal ' : a new satire puppet show sees prince george 'blinged-up ' with a tattoo , addressing a female doctor with ' oi , oi ! hello treacle ' . a doctor is called to assess his condition and the young prince bounces on screen with a big , gold ‘g’ pendant around his neck . the youngster says to the waiting female doctor ‘ oi , oi ! hello treacle . is that a ladder in your tights or a stairway to heaven ? ’ before proceeding to smack her on the bottom . the plotline plays off newspaper headlines which dubbed his mother kate the commoner . debra stephenson , one of the show’s impressionists , admitted that mocking the royal family is a daunting task . ‘ it feels extremely mischievous doing all those voices but it is done for fun . i do n't know how it would be received . it 's a very daunting thought , ’ she told the daily mail . teasers for itvs new puppet show sees the duke and duchess of cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little ' common ' . ' daunting task ' : newzoids starts wednesday at 9pm and kicks off by making fun of the royal family . big brother : prince george could be days away of becoming an older brother as the duchess is due to give birth to her second child 'mid- to late april ' . ‘ you try and pass it off and think “ oh , they won’t possibly watch it” but there is always the worry that someone will be shown a clip on youtube or something . ’ of the prince george skit , she said : ‘ i like it because it is so surreal . the papers have dubbed kate ' kate the commoner ' but she is clearly not common in any way . ' but the idea is quite funny , the idea she could have this throwback gene to something like this . ’ another of the show’s impressionists , jon culshaw , best known for dead ringers , added : ‘ it was an idea that chimed with the writers to have prince george as a bit of a rascal who runs around saying “ oi , oi ! ” . it’s an absurd and funny extreme . ’ prince george and his parents will be joined on screen by the queen , prince harry and the duke and duchess of cornwall in a series of sketches titled mrs crown’s boys . other famous faces on the newzoids roll call are ant and dec , wayne rooney , beyonce , harry styles , david cameron , ed miliband , nick clegg , barack obama , russell brand and simon cowell .