an italian ice cream man pursued his older rival in his van and then punched him through the driver 's window in a turf war over ' stealing ' customers from a new housing development . the row broke out between andrea trunfio , 36 , and mario bretti , 64 , after the former allegedly tried to muscle in on mr bretti 's patch . a court heard how the pair clashed as they drove their vans away from the site on a scorching day in july last year . mr bretti said his competitor chased him along a busy road before cutting him off at a junction and blocking him with his van . he then got out and threw a flurry of punches at the 64-year-old through the driver 's window . pursued : mr bretti , 64 , was chased by his younger rival andrea trunfio over an argument over a disputed site . the incident took place around the new ridgeway farm housing development on july 22 last year , when temperatures reached 25 degrees during a spell of sunny weather . describing what happened , mr bretti said : ' i have been doing this for 45 years , since i was just 18 years old . on july 22 , i got beaten up by another ice cream man . ' he decided to follow me on thamesdown drive in the middle of the road . he was going fast through the traffic lights , and when they went red i had to stop . he blocked me with his van so i couldn’t get away . ' he came up to the van and punching me threatened to kill me , saying he had claimed the building site as his area . ' i was selling there because sparcells is my area . he was very aggressive and started punching me several times and said he would come to my home . in the end i drove away to get away from him . ' mr bretti said he felt very dizzy and frightened after the altercation and went straight to the police station , while trunfio did a u-turn and sped off . dispute : mr bretti said he felt very dizzy and frightened after the altercation and went straight to the police . trunfio denied common assault and claimed mr bretti had threatened to kill his family and burn his van if he went back to the disputed site . speaking through an intepreter , he claimed he had seen mr bretti at the site that day and his older rival had beckoned him to follow afterwards . he said when they pulled up at the traffic lights , mr bretti grabbed his arm before rolling up the window to trap it . he also told the court had sold ice creams in swindon for ten years and had been at the housing development for two or three months before the incident . he also claimed there had been prior arrangements which meant mr bretti would no longer sell at the building site . trunfio , from swindon , told the magistrates ' court in chippenham , wiltshire : ' in our community , usually each person has an area . there is no law to say you ca n't go to certain places . ' i am not a violent person , but when you have an agreement and someone breaks it , it is like you are being taken for a ride . ' i am an easy person and do not argue with people . if i had hit him it would have been like hitting my own father . ' disputed site : the two ice cream men argued about who had ownership of the new ridgeway farm housing development ( pictured above ) , in swindon . blocked : mr bretti was stopped on his way out of the housing development by trunfio , who then hit him . but witnesses to the incident said trunfio got out and attacked his older rival after driving madly after him . sarah miller , who saw the confrontation from her car , said : ' i saw him ( trunfio ) getting out and coming to the one at the back . ' he did n't look particularly angry until he tried to open the door of the second van . ' he was jumping up and down and trying to go after the other ice cream man . i could see his fists going in and out of the window . ' he got back into his van and carried on shouting through his serving hatch . ' she added : ' i was quite shocked , and very disappointed . i thought if my children had seen that they would have been scared to go to an ice cream van again . ' magistrates found trunfio guilty and he was given a 12-month community order with 80 hours of unpaid work and £650 costs and ordered to pay £75 compensation to mr bretti .