tesco is under pressure to axe 200 stores — on top of 100 already closed or cancelled — after the supermarket giant announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion . the loss is the largest ever declared by a british retailer and reflects a seismic shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets towards smaller budget stores . over the past 20 years , tesco went on a spending spree to build up a vast land bank that was designed to expand its empire of some 3,000 stores . scroll down for video . shock : supermarket giant tesco announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday . however , families no longer want to do a big , weekly shop in a soul-less hypermarket . as a result , tesco has been forced to slash the value of its property empire and sell off land cheaply , with the loss of thousands of jobs . britain’s biggest retailer made a profit of £1.4billion on sales through the tills across the world in the year to the end of february , down by 60 per cent on the year before . this profit was more than wiped out by £7billion worth of one-off costs , led by a write-down of £4.3billion on the value of its land and stores . there was also a write-down of some £570 million on the food and other products sitting in its warehouses and stores , while the company has agreed to pump an extra £270million a year into its staff pension scheme , which has a deficit of £3.9billion . the closure of more than 45 stores and its current head office in hertfordshire will cost more than £400million . the firm is also cutting back on future expansion , with the cancellation of more than 50 ‘ big box’ stores . the loss of £6.38 billion — the biggest in the supermarket’s 96-year history — was even worse than the most pessimistic city analysts had expected . shares in tesco closed down 5.2 per cent on the day , wiping around £1billion off its stock market value and taking it down to just over £18billion . here , retail industry veterans , plus mail writers , identify what on earth went wrong . . . the experts . mary portas , retail consultant . the problem with tesco is that no one really likes the company . consumers either want pure value , or want to be looked after and put first as customers . tesco didn’t do either . today , people want brands they trust , and the truth is tesco acted in a bullish way – they built where they wanted , when they wanted , they didn’t care about the effect on communities . . . and now people are turning their backs on them . image problem : mary portas says the problem with tesco ' is that no one really likes the company ' . sir richard greenbury , former chief executive of marks & spencer . when i ran marks & spencer we looked at having a private jet for the board . i deemed it too expensive , even when we were making a billion pounds a year . tesco having four private jets tells you something about the culture of the place . it has also tried to do far too much . it tried conquering the far east , then china . but to try to go into america at the same time was a very , very bad idea . you can not conquer the world overnight . joanna blythman , author of shopped : the shocking power of british supermarkets . i’m no fan of supermarkets in general , but tesco is at the absolute bottom of my list . once upon a time , when we believed tesco was good value and trusted the brand , we tolerated — up to a point — how five or six stores bullied their way into our communities . but the arrival of aldi and lidl made us realise that the ‘ big four’ supermarkets have been charging us way too much — earning extreme margins and profiteering at our expense . ' too much ' : former m & s chief executive sir richard greenbury blames tesco 's grand expansion plans . lord haskins , former chairman of northern foods . tesco’s problem is that it tried to be all things to all men . it has vast stores that want to be an m & s and a lidl all in one . asda concentrates on the cheap-and-cheerful market , while waitrose still targets the top end of the market , and both are successful for keeping it more simple . bill grimsey , former boss of wickes , iceland and focus . tesco must be clear on pricing — it needs to stop the offers and promotions . if poundland charges £1 for a cleaner , so should tesco . people want great value but consistency , too . tesco also needs to rationalise the options of products — its stores have way too many product lines and categories . tom salmon , ran the now defunct hedon salads which supplied tesco . tesco’s problem was that it kept screwing over its suppliers . it demanded a wave of charges for things like new label systems or the introduction of new technology . these charges to suppliers became more and more unreasonable , and in the end the company ruined its base . mail writers . sarah vine . i’ve always defended tesco to my middle-class friends . remember , i’d say , not everyone can afford to buy their groceries at waitrose . but even i , a stubborn tesco shopper , have fallen out of love with the store over the past couple of years . besides its self-pay tills seemingly never working and its finest range not being as fine as it used to be , its online delivery service is rubbish . over the years , i’ve flirted with all the supermarket delivery services , but , in the end , i settled for tesco because it always had the best offers on quality dishwasher tablets — and lots of convenient evening delivery slots . however , last year i switched to sainsbury’s . there were four reasons i abandoned tesco : rude delivery drivers who were often late ; a slew of items substituted for ones i’d ordered ; too many annoying flash sales ( although ocado is guilty of this , too ) ; and one rotten tomato too many . abandoned : sarah vine ( left ) said one rotten tomato too many made her turn her back on tesco after years as a loyal customer , while libby purves ( right ) said a trip to tesco became a ' sweaty , irritating chore ' . libby purves . for me , it was the sense of contempt . we had a local tesco we used , in the absence of any good , big supermarkets in a rural area , and it was ok . nothing special , but handy for things the smaller shops might not stock and for bulk buys . but a few years ago it increased the ‘homewares’ section and the children’s clothes , in roughly the same overall space . the aisles got narrower , the layout was confusing and the staff on the floor were fewer and surlier . it became a sweaty , irritating chore to shop there . so we stopped . meanwhile , the co-op improved and then came a waitrose , all smiley and willing and smart and not more expensive for basics . end of ! alex brummer , city editor . at the heart of the problems for tesco’s new boss , dave lewis , has been some wildly over-optimistic accounting . under his predecessor , phil clarke , the books essentially were cooked to make profits look stronger and debts look less than was truthfully the case . the serious fraud office is investigating . over the past year or so , britain’s biggest grocer inflated its profits in the uk and ireland by as much as £326 million , by recording incentive payments from big suppliers that had not actually arrived , while failing to record the costs of some sales . in the city , the arrival of a new boss often signals a ‘ kitchen sink job’ under which all the bad announcements are made to the stock exchange in one go to signal the start of a better era . in this case , it has resulted in a £6.4 billion loss . disloyal : jan moir says it is the lack of brand loyalty which really harmed tesco . sandra parsons . tesco’s problem is that it’s forgotten who its customers are . its founder jack cohen’s philosophy was simple : ‘ pile ’em high , sell ’em cheap . ’ you didn’t go to tesco because you liked the service or aspired to throwing a classier dinner party . you went because it was the best value for money . today that’s no longer the case . not only are sainsbury’s meat and its taste the difference range better quality than the tesco equivalents , but they’re cheaper , too . as an experiment yesterday , i did a basic shop of veg , fruit , bacon , chicken , detergent , cat food , bread , fizzy water and a bottle of prosecco at both supermarkets . sainsbury’s came out £2 cheaper — and you’d save even more if you went to morrisons , asda , aldi or lidl . jan moir . tesco thought that ubiquity was everything . there was never enough staff in their thousands of stores , yet they kept opening more , sometimes even in competition with each other . however , i believe tesco’s fatal mistake was believing that consumers loved it for what it was . in fact , its core customers were interested only in the price . when the same or similar goods were cheaper elsewhere , they left in droves . there was no brand loyalty , especially when everyone else started doing online delivery , too . rose prince . ultimately tesco has failed because it put quantity before quality . its mantra was ‘ be big’ ; it wanted to dominate and did not care enough about where it sourced food or that customers’ tastes would change , particularly in a recession . tesco came off worst in the horse meat scandal because its staff did not ask the right questions when they bought the cheapest meat — and shoppers were repelled by the outcome . there is also a sense the stores do not excel at anything in particular . just being ‘big’ is not a lasting philosophy .