tiger woods ended a week of speculation and debate over the state of his game by announcing on friday that he will play next week in the masters . the 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on tuesday at augusta national , and golf channel said he was seen on the practice range friday morning at the club . ' i 'm playing in the masters , ' woods said on his website . ' it 's obviously very important to me , and i want to be there . ' i 've worked a lot on my game , and i 'm looking forward to competing . i 'm excited to get to augusta , and i appreciate everyone 's support . ' scroll down for video . woods announced on friday that he will be playing at the masters in augusta next week ( above woods at the farmers insurance open at torrey pines on february 5 ) . he said : ' i 've worked a lot on my game , and i 'm looking forward to competing . i 'm excited to get to augusta ' . woods , a four-time masters champion , last competed at the farmers insurance open on february 5 at torrey pines when he walked off the course after 11 holes because of tightness in his lower back , and after another shockingly bad display of chipping . that followed a missed cut at the phoenix open , where he shot a career-high 82 . he will have gone nine weeks without competition when he hits his opening tee shot on thursday at the masters , which is not unprecedented for woods . he went nearly five months without playing when he returned in 2010 from a crisis in his personal life that led to one of the greatest downfalls in sport , and he tied for fourth that year . scrutiny might be even greater this time around . after two trips to augusta national this week , woods announced his return to the competition ( above woods at the phoenix open on january 30 ) . woods hits a shot on the fourth hole during the final round of the 2013 masters tournament at augusta national in april 2013 . the last time woods took an extended break before the masters , he had won his previous tournament at the australian masters . now , his game has been in disarray over a series of injuries and another change in coaching . woods has plunged to no . 104 in the world ranking , his lowest spot since a week before his first professional victory in 1996 . he last won a tournament in august 2013 at the bridgestone invitational , and he has not had a top ten since the end of 2013 . woods missed the masters last year because of back surgery to alleviate a pinched nerve . four tournaments into his return , he again dealt with back pain and sat out the final four months of the season to fully recover and get stronger . woods celebrated making the winning putt on the 18th green during the 2005 masters golf tournament at augusta national . but when he returned at his hero world challenge in december , he tied for last in an 18-man field and chipped so poorly that some analysts said he had the chipping yips . he would either duff them short or blade them over the green . at the phoenix open this year during the pro-am , woods hit a bunker shot that went over the green and into the first row of bleachers . ' he 's got to go out and probably exorcise some of those demons , ' paul azinger , a former pga champion and espn analyst , said thursday . ' the first little pitch shot he 's got to hit — not chip shot , the first little pitch shot he 's got to hit — will be microanalyzed , and he knows that . there 's a big microscope on that guy . ' i do n't think he 'd show up unless he feels like he solved that problem . ' woods will be closely watched during the masters tournament next week , said former pga champion paul azinger ( above phil mickelson shakes hands with woods after he won the masters in 2005 ) . a week after withdrawing in the middle of his round at torrey pines , woods announced that his game and scores were unacceptable and he would not return until he felt he could compete at the highest level . when he skipped the arnold palmer invitational at bay hill , he said he hoped to be ready for the masters and would continue working . second-hand reports have ranged from woods playing well at his home club of the medalist in south florida to making five birdies in a round of 74 at augusta national earlier this week . next week , he will be playing his first major since turning 39 in december . no player has won more than three major titles beyond his 39th birthday .