everton manager roberto martinez has rejected accusations stubbornness prevents him from adapting his tactical approach . the spaniard has come in for criticism for persisting with trying to get his side to play out from the back despite results suffering recently . there were even suggestions the players had gone to him asking to play a more direct style but martinez has always stuck rigidly to his principles , which was the case when he was at wigan when they were in relegation battles every season . everton manager roberto martinez has rejected claims that he is stubborn in his tactical approach . toffees defender phil jagielka celebrates scoring his side 's winning goal against southampton . everton striker arouna kone ( right ) is tackled by southampton defender jose fonte ( left ) at goodison park . everton left-back leighton baines comes in with a strong challenge on southampton forward shane long . but while he may persist in wanting to play the same way he said that does not mean his tactics are rigid . ' the people who say that i am tactically not flexible are people who do not follow my work , ' martinez told the liverpool echo . ' i have been innovative at every football club i have been at with my tactics , my shape and my approach . ' i am not someone who needs to defend myself but if you follow my work then i am probably one of the most flexible managers tactically that you could work with . ' martinez tinkered with the shape of his side in saturday 's victory over southampton , their third successive league win , as he switched to a 4-1-4-1 formation with gareth barry the solitary holding midfielder with his regular central partner james mccarthy pushed further forward . he explained he made the change to compensate for the absence of leading scorer romelu lukaku , who is still recovering from a hamstring injury . ' it was because we did n't have romelu , ' he added . ' in certain games we played with two strikers . on saturday we had aaron lennon really high up the pitch and james mccarthy had freedom . ' every game is different . southampton have a very strong back six that needs to be broken in different ways . ' we do n't play the same way twice , but it is not for me to go openly and publicly and tell everyone what we have done . ' martinez insists that his tactics are ' innovative ' and points to his changes made against southampton . having started the season poorly , everton are now up to 11th in the premier league table with 37 points . 