plagued by a feeling something was n't right , student yamini karanam sought medical help . she was struggling to understand things she had read , and felt lost in conversations . but the indiana university phd student could never have comprehended the source of the problem - an ' evil twin sister growing ' in her brain . surgeons operating to extract what they believed to be a tumour in her brain , were shocked to discover the growth was in fact an embryonic twin , complete with bone , hair and teeth . yamini karanam , 26 , a student at indiana university , was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain after noticing she was struggling to comprehend things she had read , and felt lost in conversations . known by its medical name , a brain teratoma , the growth is very rare . indeed , dr hrayr shahinian , the expert at the skullbase institute in los angeles who operated on miss karanam , has removed around 7,000 brain tumours and has seen just two teratomas . in the past , teratomas have been reported to contain hair , teeth , bone and rarely more complex organs including eyes , hands , feet and limbs . and in some cases they have been found to resemble a foetus . miss karanam first noticed something was n't right last september , when she struggled to register things in her mind , nbc reported . ' if a couple of people were talking in a room , i would n't understand what was happening , ' she said . frustrated at doctors ' apparent inability to find an answer , the 26-year-old launched her own search for answers online . it led her to the skullbase institute and dr shahinian , who has developed a minimally-invasive way of reaching deep into a person 's brain to extract tumours . the procedure , he said , is a type of keyhole surgery rather than traditional brain surgery , which involves opening the skull and using metal retractors to allow him to insert a microscope deep into the brain . instead , dr shahinian makes a half-inch incision in the brain to use fibre-optic technology and digital imagery to gently chisel away at the tumour . shocked when she woke to learn of dr shahinian 's discovery , miss karanam branded the tumour her ' evil twin sister who 's been torturing me for the past 26 years ' . dr shahinian said he feared the tumour could be cancerous . but surgeons operating on the 26-year-old discovered the growth , indicated just above the red dot above , was in fact a teratoma - a growth containing bone , hair and teeth .  what are teratomas ? a teratoma is a tumour with tissue or organ components from more than one different part of the body . they have been reported to contain hair , teeth , bone and rarely more complex organs including eyes , hands , feet and limbs . in some cases a teratoma has been found to resemble a foetus . they are usually benign masses , though some cancerous forms of teratoma are known to exist . mature teratomas , which are typically benign , are more commonly found in women . immature teratoma , which are typically cancerous , are more often found in men . they are thought to be present at birth , but are often not discovered until later in life . teratomas can occur in the testes in men and ovaries in women , as well as the brain , skull , nose , tongue , under the tongue and in the neck . what are pineal tumours ? pineal tumours are those that affect the pineal gland in the brain . the gland produces the hormone melatonin , which helps control sleeping . there are different types of pineal tumour , their name depending on the kind of cells from which they develop . the majority are germ cell tumours . different tumours cause different symptoms . they are generally caused by a build-up of fluid in the brain , which leads to increased pressure , or caused the tumour itself . they include : but tests revealed the mass was benign , and miss karanam is expected to make a full recovery in just three weeks . she said she wanted to raise awareness of dr shahinian 's technique . ' this has to be mainstream , ' she added . ' when they know you have a pineal tumour , they should tell you `` you know what ? there 's a minimally invasive approach in which they wo n't kill you , they wo n't leave you with a disability . ' prior to dr shahinian 's keyhole approach , he said the only option was to remove half of the patient 's skull to reach the tumour . he added : ' we want to be in and out without the brain knowing we were there , and i think that 's the beauty of this technique . '