this is the chilling moment a mysterious hairless creature chews its way through a steel cage . the description for the unsettling video - uploaded to youtube last week by raymond yeung – claims it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china 's sand bay . the clawed creature - which some say is a rare bear - can be seen aggressively biting through the cage with a visibly bleeding mouth before ripping the metal wire apart with its limbs . the vision has fuelled heated debates around the species of the ambiguous beast , with a string of different accounts coming to light . the dsiturbing video shows a mystery clawed creature biting through a steel cage with a visibly bleeding mouth . according to the video description , the animal was discovered swimming in shenzhen reservoir in china 's sand bay . it was reportedly fished out of the water by workers from the department of drainage , who later captured the animal in a steel cage . the clip has sparked heated debates on chinese social media site weibo , with some users claiming it depicts a ' water monster ' from chinese folklore . other users alluded to the creature being impacted by pollution , with shenzhen reservoir being recently deluged with toxic sewerage that turned parts of the region blood red . some claimed it was in fact a malaysian bear who was suffering from alopecia , a disease which causes baldness . the description for the unsettling video claims it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china 's sand bay after local workers found the animal swimming . the video has been the subject of heated online debates over the species of the animal , with some users claiming it is a mythical ' water monster ' and others that it 's a diseased malaysian bear . a similar video surfaced in january of an ailing sun bear in borneo island in malaysia , which had been beaten by local plantation workers and driven into the bush . it was reported this month that the animal was discovered at another nearby plantation , where it is being nursed back to health . david neal , the director of animals asia , told daily mail australia the caged animal ' looks like a bear cub which is suffering from some medical condition which has caused it to loose all of its fur . ' while he was unable to confirm if it was the same bear from the borneo clip , he said he suspects it is and that the footage originates from borneo not china . a heavily-polluted field in shenzhen reservoir , where the mystery beats was apparently captured , has fuelled accusations the animal may have been contaminated . internet users have also claimed the animal in the clip is a malaysian sun bear ( pictured ) which is suffering from alopecia , a disease which causes baldness .