labour will today accuse the tories of making it harder to see a gp as they attempt to put the nhs back at the centre of the election campaign . the party will launch a billboard advert using the image from the famous 1979 ‘ labour isn’t working’ poster , but instead it will warn : ‘ the doctor can’t see you now’ . the poster features the same long line of people used to illustrate dole queues under jim callaghan’s ailing government , but this time places them outside a waiting room . scroll down for video . the labour party will launch a billboard advert using an image from the famous 1979 ‘ labour isn’t working’ poster , but instead it will warn : ‘ the doctor can’t see you now’ . labour will warn that new official figures show 600 fewer gp surgeries across england are now open in the evening and weekends compared to the last election . it will also claim nearly two million more patients are unhappy with doctors opening hours compared to three years ago as they lose access to appointments outside of office hours . shadow health secretary andy burnham will say the figures are a timely reminder of the ‘ nhs crisis’ as patients turn to stretched a & e departments as they struggle to get an appointment with their gp on the first working day after the easter break . but the tories last night claimed many of the problems stemmed from labour’s 2004 changes to gp contracts that allowed them to opt out of providing care outside office hours . health secretary jeremy hunt also said that the government had already begun tackling the issue by making extra funding available , which will mean the number of gp surgeries opening longer will have increased when the next set of figures are published . as it unveils its new poster , labour will release a new document that it claims shows how david cameron has failed to implement seven-day opening for gp surgeries as he promised before the last election . the original poster depicts a queue to an unemployment office . mr cameron repeated the pledge at last week’s televised leaders debate , claiming he wanted gps to open ‘ all the way through the week’ . but official figures show the proportion of gp practices offering extended hours has fallen from 77 per cent in 2009 to 72 per cent in the latest figures for 2013/14 . labour said this means 590 fewer gp surgeries are now open at evenings and weekends compared to its last year in office . nhs england’s annual gp-patient survey of 900,000 patients also shows growing unhappiness with gp surgery opening hours between 2012 and the latest figures for 2015 , according to the party . it says there has been an increase of 1.9 million in the number of people saying their surgery is not open at convenient times from 8,393,162 to 10,261,435 . mr burnham will say : ‘ today , across the country , people will face the frustration of joining a queue to see their gp – in some places the lines will go out of the surgery door . ‘ after five years of david cameron , patients at hundreds of surgeries can no longer get a gp appointment when they need one . ‘ at the last election , he promised to open gp surgeries seven days a week but the reality is that millions more patients are unhappy with opening hours . ‘ it is now harder to get an appointment from monday to friday too . ‘ one of cameron’s first acts as prime minister was to cut labour’s extended opening hours scheme and scrap our guarantee of an appointment within 48 hours . if david cameron gets back in , his extreme spending cuts mean he can’t protect the nhs and the queues outside gp surgeries will get even worse . ’ former prime minister margaret thatcher acknowledges a crowd on october 13 , 1989 , at the end of the conservative party conference in blackpool . mr hunt last night said that when the 2014/15 figures for gps opening at evening and weekends are published they will show that the number has actually increased since 2010 because of new initiatives . he said : ‘labour’s figures are wrong . the prime minister’s challenge fund already covers 1,100 practices and helps 7.5 million patients see a gp in the evenings and at weekends . shadow health secretary andy burnham will say the figures are a timely reminder of the ‘ nhs crisis’ . ‘ we are extending this scheme to cover over 1,400 additional practices , helping 10 million extra people by this time next year . ‘ the next conservative government will deliver a truly seven-day nhs , putting right a problem which began with labour’s disastrous 2004 gp contract . ’ a survey by the mail last year found that nationwide , only one in three patients can secure a same-day gp appointment . more than one in five have to wait longer than a week , while 4 per cent have to wait two to three weeks . a number of surgeries were found to have long lines of patients waiting outside at 7am in a bid to try and get same-day appointments . the labour poster is based on the famous 1979 poster that turned saatchi and saatchi from unknowns into household names . the agency masterminded all three of margaret thatcher’s election victories for the conservatives . in 1999 ‘ labour isn’t working’ was voted poster of the century by a jury of ad people assembled by the advertising industry magazine campaign . saatchi and saatchi , which is no longer run by brothers maurice and charles saatchi , was hired by gordon brown to handle labour’s advertising at the last election , but it is not working for the party this time . labour said its latest poster had been designed in-house .