manchester united legend gary neville has slammed their performance against everton as ' toothless ' following their 3-0 defeat on sunday . goals from james mccarthy , john stones and kevin mirallas condemned united to their third successive premier league loss at goodison park as well putting their hopes of a top-four finish at risk . after the match , red devils manager louis van gaal accused his players of lacking desire . gary neville has slammed manchester united 's performance against everton as ' toothless ' on sunday . kevin mirallas scored everton 's final goal in their 3-0 triumph over united at goodison park . west brom ( home ) - may 2 . crystal palace ( away ) - may 9 . arsenal ( home ) - may 16 . hull ( away ) - may 24 . van gaal admitted he was worried after watching united go through their pre-match warm-up - and those fears were shared by his assistants , ryan giggs and albert stuivenberg . and speaking on his podcast , neville concurs with van gaal 's assessment - adding that it was the old trafford outfit 's worst performance in the last five or six weeks . ' it was a strange game , and you would have thought that both teams had nothing to play for in some ways , ' the 40-year-old said in the gary neville podcast . ' united were toothless , and that is being kind . i did n't really see them try and dribble past a player , make any forward runs . ashley young , pictured battling aaron lennon , had been in fine form for united - like many of his team-mates - but neville branded the red devils ' display against everton as their worst for five or six weeks . ' at times they were not getting enough men in the box and the final pass was poor . it is the worst i have seen united play for five or six weeks . ' they have been playing so well . even in defeat at stamford bridge last week they played really well . ' today [ sunday ] it was n't there . it was everton who had the cutting edge . it was through [ aaron ] lennon , [ romelu ] lukaku and mirallas when he came on who looked the ones most dangerous to break through either defence . after the match united boss louis van gaal said that his players could not match everton 's motivation .