the continents of north and south america came together much earlier than previously thought , according to researchers who found evidence in rock deposits from ancient rivers in colombia of the land bridge that connected the long-isolated landmasses . the two continents are linked at panama , but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared , with most experts placing its formation at about 3 million years ago . the new study , published on thursday in the journal science , presents evidence that the panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier . before the isthmus of panama rose from the sea by tectonic and volcanic action , the central american seaway linked the atlantic to the pacific as one great ocean . the various continents , sitting atop huge plates akin to jigsaw puzzle pieces sliding over earth 's mantle , have slowly moved around the globe during the planet 's history . they have separated , drifted and joined numerous times in a process called plate tectonics . south america became an isolated landmass when it separated from africa . likewise , north america broke apart from europe and headed on a gradual collision course with south america . until then , a deep water channel called the central american seaway separated the continents . the researchers base their estimate on the presence of small grains of a mineral called zircon unearthed in ancient river bedrock in northern colombia that originated in panama and were 13 million to 15 million years old . these grains suggested the land bridge must have existed at that time , they said . ' we contend that a bridge , perhaps a transient one , was present since 13 to 15 million years ago , ' said geologist camilo montes of universidad de los andes in bogota , who led the study . ' beds younger than about 13 to 15 million years contain abundant zircon grains with a typically panamanian age , ' said montes . ' older beds do not . ' we think these zircons were deposited by rivers flowing from the isthmus of panama when it docked to south america , nearly 10 million years earlier than the date of 3 million years that is usually given for the connection . ' the various continents , sitting atop huge plates akin to jigsaw puzzle pieces sliding over earth 's mantle , have slowly moved around the globe during the planet 's history . they have separated , drifted and joined numerous times in a process called plate tectonics . south america became an isolated landmass when it separated from africa . likewise , north america broke apart from europe and headed on a gradual collision course with south america . one of the most dramatic results of the joining of the two americas was the mixing of the animals living on the respective landmasses , with various creatures crossing the land bridge to invade the other continent . the event is known as the great american biological interchange . after the isthmus of panama formed , animals and plants could move back and forth between continents , the great american biological interchange . smithsonian scientists are debating when this happened . south america had a unique animal population , with exotic marsupials including saber-toothed predators , as well as elephant-sized ground sloths , car-sized armadillos , camel-like creatures with elephant trunks and giant flightless , carnivorous ' terror birds . ' north america had a quite different and impressive array of placental mammals including saber-toothed cats and other feline predators , huge short-faced bears , wolves and various herbivores including big elephant relatives and horses . the two continents continue to move together . ' yes , the plates are moving today , ' montes said . ' they never stop . '   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .