a digital art student has used photoshop to show what her body might look like if she could mold it like modelling clay on a whim . kelsey higley , who studies art media at the university of oklahoma in norman , created a fascinating self-portrait of her body , showing what it would look like if it were digitally trimmed or augmented into various shapes considered beautiful . the 22-year-old 's work , which is part of a project and has been published on video-sharing site vimeo , shows just how different her frame might look if she had , for example , an hour-glass figure , or larger boobs . scroll down for video . before the process : oklahoma university student kelsey higley , pictured above in her natural form , made a video entitled ' manipulation ' which showed her body digitally altered according to beauty trends . at its most extreme , kelsey 's body has a tiny waist , large breasts and large eyes . the project , entitled ' manipulation ' used 126 different images resulting in a video that was published on vimeo . she even digitally alters her face , making her eyes appear much bigger than they are . the artist set her camera on a timer to take a photograph every seven seconds and posed as if she ' wanted to look like someone else ' . the resulting video , entitled ' manipulated ' , plays in a non-stop loop for over a minute and sees her proportions morphing into different shapes , often cartoon , highlighting the constantly changing beauty ideals that women face . bigger boobs , smaller waist : art media student kelsey made her body pliable by using photoshop to show what she 'd look like with different proportions . the student artist browsed through hundreds of images of what might be considered beautiful and even changed the proportions of her eyes , seen as normal , left , and much bigger , right . kelsey , who graduates in may , says that after spending ' countless hours ' browsing magazines for body trends , she combined '126 digitally manipulated photos that create the illusion that i am molding my body like modeling clay . ' she told entertainment and lifestyle website hello giggles : ' being a young woman , i have had many battles with this idea of beauty . 'i’ll go through stages where all i want in life is to be super fit with rock hard abs and big boobs , then after a while i’ll flip to the other side and tell myself that i should love and embrace the body i have . this time kelsey experiments with a nipped-in waist and small breasts . the artist took a different image every seven seconds to capture the video . fantasy proportions : with big eyes and large breasts in one shot ( left ) ... kelsey then slims down her frame to be much more slender ( right ) . ' but as soon as i start scrolling through the internet , my mind is flooded with images of this impossible , `` ideal '' beauty . ' she goes on to explain that ' the video goes through several stages of “beauty” as i receive conflicting opinions on what true beauty is . as i go back and forth , i end on my natural body and the video starts over . ' the aim of the project , which has garnered an art award , she adds , is to illustrate ' the effects media and public opinions have on the way we look at ourselves . ' ' i have chosen to use myself in this short to show my own inner conflict with beauty as i battle with the desire to look like someone else and the acceptance of my natural beauty . ' the artist described the project as ' therapeutic ' and said that it helped her to realise that her flaws are what make her human . her next project will look at women in the workplace and includes a scold 's bridle , a 1500s device used to punish nagging women .