criticised : rona fairhead will stand down as director of hsbc while continuing role at bbc . the chairman of the bbc trust will quit her role as a director at hsbc , it was reported last night . rona fairhead was last month accused of being either ‘ incredibly naive or totally incompetent’ by margaret hodge , chairman of the commons public accounts committee , over her handling of a tax evasion scandal at the bank’s swiss division . now , the 53-year-old has told shareholders she will stay on for ‘ a further one-year period’ before leaving the bank’s board entirely , according to the times . she announced her departure in a letter to shareholders dated on march 20 . it marks a change in position for the bank , which said in its annual report that mrs fairhead would again stand for re-election . she had been on the board since 2004 . last night , hsbc insisted that ‘ no decision has been taken at this time’ . in a bruising encounter , labour mp mrs hodge had told the bbc chief : ‘ you should think about resigning . if not , the government should sack you . ’ mrs fairhead chaired hsbc’s audit committee and then its risk committee while its swiss clients are said to have dodged tax . the bank was subsequently fined £1.2 billion for breaching american money-laundering laws . last year , mrs fairhead earned more than £500,000 last year as chairwoman of hsbc’s american business . her decision marks a change from february , when hsbc’s annual report said that despite having been on the board since 2004 , mrs fairhead would again stand for re-election . she was appionted to her role as chairwoman of the bbc trust in october last year for a five-year term . mrs fairhead suggested that ‘frontline’ staff should bear responsibility for breaching the bank’s policies , during her grilling by the public accounts committee . she said : ‘ we were horrified when we discovered ( what happened ) . i can assure you absolutely no evidence of tax evasion was received . i could only respond to evidence that i had and i could only deal with that . ’ but mrs hodge responded that to ‘ simply take the evidence and not question . . . would mean she is not fit for purpose’ . under fire : margaret hodge , chairman of the commons public accounts committee ( left ) , called on fairhead to quit or be sacked from bbc role over her hsbc role . her likely departure from hsbc comes as the bank is planning for a wider clearout of non-executives who have been on the board for a long period of time . 