can rickie lambert sue for restraint of trade ? brendan rodgers has killed off lambert 's career and you 've got to feel sorry for the player . you ca n't blame him for joining liverpool – why would he turn that down ? at the time he was a confident striker – playing regularly in the premier league and scoring goals for southampton . he 'd just been to a world cup . rickie lambert has scarcely been given a chance since joining liverpool despite their striking problems . brendan rodgers ' decision to ignore lambert , in favour of mario balotelli , is completely illogical . this time last year lambert was about to play at a world cup for england but his stock has fallen since . for rodgers to ignore him when they have desperately needed goals is illogical . i 'm well aware lambert is n't luis suarez , i know he 's not a world-class striker . lambert missed out on saturday at west brom because of a hip injury but it must have been gutting for him to see mario balotelli get yet another chance . the england striker played 90 minutes 20 times last season , made 31 starts , and unlike any liverpool player in the scoring charts this season , easily got into double figures . contrast that with this campaign when in terms of premier league minutes on the pitch lambert has played the equivalent of roughly six-and-a-half games . lambert has enjoyed the opportunity to score for his boyhood team but he deserves more football . when he has started in the premier league or champions league , lambert and liverpool have impressed . on his first premier league start for liverpool he scored , and when he played 90 minutes in four consecutive games he scored in the first game , liverpool won the next two , and drew the fourth . and then he was dropped again and has n't started since . meanwhile , balotelli regularly gets more time on the pitch , and regularly fails to deliver . he has to go down as liverpool 's worst-ever signing – at least the club won a trophy when andy carroll was at anfield . how come balotelli got more time on the pitch at wembley last weekend than lambert ? and what about saturday ? balotelli was hopeless yet again . whether you watch his performance or check the stats , he was useless – not for the first time this season . ultimately it 'd be wrong to suggest lambert was going to be the man to spearhead liverpool 's charge to the title and a champions league challenge . but to be so underused in a season when daniel sturridge has been missing for so long , and balotelli has been ineffective , is inexplicable . balotelli , no matter which way you look at it , has been useless , and lambert should be picked ahead of him . balotelli was given more time on the pitch than lambert in liverpool 's fa cup semi-final defeat by villa . lambert scored 20 goals for southampton - he may not be world class , but he is better than the alternatives . lambert should have joined aston villa in january . but he found out about the move just a few hours before the transfer window closed and chose to stay . rodgers told lambert that he did n't want him to go . why say that and then not bother using him ? nobody can ever take away the fact that lambert has scored for his boyhood club liverpool in the premier league and the champions league . and lambert is the kind of guy who will treasure those special moments and keep them close to his heart . but he 's lost his england place and his reputation as a premier league striker has been seriously undermined by rodgers and liverpool this season .