a body found in the mississippi river over the weekend has been identified as minnesota fourth-grader barway edwin collins who has been missing for nearly four weeks . authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on saturday around 1pm by searchers from a boy scout troop - about ten feet from the river 's edge in brooklyn center . crystal police chief stephanie revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows the boy 's father , pierre collins , 33 , was in that area at the time the boy disappeared . however , she did not elaborate on the nature of that evidence . police said on sunday that the boy 's father is a primary suspect as the case becomes a homicide investigation . a body pulled from the mississippi river on saturday has been identified as barway edward collins ( above ) , 10 , who has been missing for nearly a month . crystal police chief stephanie revering said authorities have electronic evidence that reveals that the boy 's father , pierre collins , was in that area at the time he disappeared ( above revering during a news conference on april 12 , 2015 in crystal , minnesota ) . barway 's father , 33-year-old pierre collins ( pictured left as he stands with his wife , yamah , during a vigil held for his son last month ) is a primary suspect in the homicide investigation involving his son . ' this location is consistent with our knowledge of pierre collin 's activities on march 18 and he remains a primary suspect , ' said revering . the hennepin county medical examiner said the cause and manner of barway 's death are still being investigated . the case is being considered a homicide based on the autopsy and information from the medical examiner , said revering . a report last month by fox 9 said that according to sources , pierre collins , took out a life insurance policy in barway 's name totaling $ 30,000 not long before the child went missing . the boy 's father , who has said he is innocent , has not been arrested or charged in relation to the incident , but revering said authorities have his passport to ensure he stays in the country . police were stationed at his apartment complex for his own protection after reports of death threats . on sunday , pastor harding smith , of the spiritual church of god who has been acting as the family 's spokesman said when the family received the news , there were a lot of tears , according to twin cities . ' there were lots of tears and lots of screams , ' he said . ' there was disbelief , hurt , sadness . there is a deep sense of loss when you enter that home . ' alexander collins , executive director of the liberian ministry association , said : ' we also want to make clear to the perpetrator of this tragedy , that wherever you are , you will be found . this evil will be found . ' wherever you are hiding , under a car , underground , make no mistake our community does not abide this evil . ' the hennepin county medical examiner said the cause and manner of barway 's death are still being investigated . barway , who was a student at evergreen park world cultures community school , was last seen after school last month . in video released by police ( scenes from footage above ) , barway says ' there 's my dad ' and ' there 's my uncle ' . in a march 25 interview with the star tribune , pierre collins said he was not home when his son disappeared and he was upset to be considered a suspect . ' i 've been working with the police just to bring my son home , ' he told the newspaper . ' i will do whatever they want just so barway can come home . i have nothing to do with barway 's missing . ' his wife and barway 's stepmother , yamah collins , also said she and her husband did not know who took the boy , and they pleaded for his safe return . pierre collins ( right ) , accompanied by pastor harding smith ( center ) , the family 's spokesman , was interviewed by nancy grace last month , saying that he failed the polygraph test because he was very emotional . police said on sunday that the boy 's father ( above ) is a ' primary suspect ' as the case becomes a homicide investigation . police released a video of barway riding a bus after school . in the video , the boy said ' there 's my dad ' and ' there 's my uncle . ' ' the father and the party described as an ' uncle ' are likely the last known people to have seen barway , ' revering said , as reported by the star-tribune . ' unfortunately , we have reason to believe that barway 's father has not been completely truthful with us . ' addressing the footage on the bus , pierre collins explained to nancy grace that in the liberian community , children commonly refer to adults as ' uncle ' or ' auntie . ' when pressed by grace about the failed polygraph test , collins explained that he was ' very emotional ' during the test . ' i was n't ... myself when i took the polygraph , ' he said . the boy was reported missing by his father at around 6.30pm on march 18 after the child failed to come home from school ( above a massive billboard featuring a missing ad for barway ) . barway , who was a student at evergreen park world cultures community school , was last seen after school last month . the boy was reported missing by his father at around 6.30pm on march 18 after the child failed to come home from school . a call to the school bus company revealed that the 10-year-old was dropped off outside his building at around 4.15pm . video surveillance from his apartment complex shows he was about to go inside , but then turned around as if he was called over to the parking lot by someone he knew , and he walked away , police said last month . rosario ramirez left and her children daniela , five , isaac , nine , and juan , 11 , pay their respects to barway collins during a vigil at cedarwood apartments in crystal , minnesota held last month . a young boy adds a donation for barway collins ' family to the pile during the vigil last month . the family told the star tribune that barway emigrated from his home country of liberia , where his mother lives , to stay with his father in 2011 . the father said he wanted ' to make him better ' and for barway to eventually go to college . while looking for barway , local police , federal agents and hennepin county 's sheriff 's deputies searched the area with k-9 dogs , reviewing footage from surveillance cameras and interviewing family members and witnesses .