with a mother as glamorous and as make-up savvy as kim kardashian , it 's no surprise that her one-year-old daughter north west is already developing an obsession with beauty products - and shoes . the 34-year-old mom , who married rapper kanye west in may last year , spoke with elle.com about her daughter 's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman , mother , wife and dressing her post-baby body . ' [ north ] is obsessed with make-up and watching me get ready and getting ready herself , ' kim told the website . ' she just loves the process . she could not be more ultimately girly-girl . ' scroll down for video . mini-me : kim kardashian and her 22-month-old daughter north west wear matching back while sightseeing in armenia last week . the mother-of-one noted that after she gives north , who will turn two in june , a bath her adorable daughter always asks for her ' purse ' because she really wants to grab her mom 's make-up bag , which is inside . kim said that if she turns around for a second , north will have her lipstick ' all over her face ' , so she had to give her a ' little make-up bag ' of her own . not surprisingly , the reality tv star , who often matches north 's outfits to her own , admitted that she likes it when kid 's wear 'mini-me styles ' and she loves ' seeing kids in black ' . while kim insisted that north ' gravitates towards really simple things ' when it comes to clothing , she noted that her little girl ' loves accessories ' . hot mommy : the 34-year-old , pictured in a figure-hugging nude skirt , said she thinks she dresses sexier now that is a mother . family time : kim can be seen holding north 's hand while she and kanye tour armenia . stellar style : north wore a black fringed dress , black combat boots and an olive green jacket while out with her parents . according to kim , the toddler always requests a pair of shoes to wear first thing in the morning . she added that north ' just discovered backpacks so she loves to put them on ' . in fact , north loves luggage in general . the precious tot , who has been photographed lugging a small frozen-themed suitcase through the airport , always tries to take her mom 's luggage . ' we got the frozen suitcase so she has to carry it everywhere , ' she explained . ' it took us about 30 minutes longer to get through the airport because she had to carry her suitcase herself . ’ she noted that north did n't want to be picked up , adding : ' she 's very independent . holiday spirit : north donned a flower and a white ensemble that matched her mother 's dress when the kardashian family went to church on easter . matching looks : kim and north donned neutral coats during a trip to the airport . kim believes that her daughter 's independence may have to do with the fact she was adamant about north sleeping in her own room - and now that 's where she prefers to be . ' she kind of likes to be in her own room and that has allowed [ kanye and i ] to have our time together , ' she said . kim said that she does n't want to tell anyone how to parent , but it was important to her as a new mom that she set boundaries and dedicate five to ten percent of her day to herself in order to maintain her sanity . ' it worked for me to be able to get my work out in , make me feel good about myself , put my daughter down to bed at a decent time , and have the night with my husband , ' she said . in sync : north , who loves accessories , was photographed wearing a ysl bag to the airport and striped pants that matched her mom 's button-down shirt . and because those post-baby workouts helped her get back in shape , she has a newfound confidence that has has inspired her to flaunt her body in cleavage-baring tops and figure-hugging dresses . ' [ i think i dress ] sexier now than i did before , ' she said of her mommy style . kim and her sisters kourtney and khloe are preparing for the launch of their latest kardashian kids children 's collection at nordstrom.com on monday , and the entrepreneur noted that she always gives 100per cent of herself to every project she takes on . ' nothing comes easy , ' she said . ' i know that people joke all the time and try to figure out , you know , what it is that i do , but i work really hard . i get up every day at 5 a.m. and start my day . '