when she was 15 weeks pregnant with her fifth child , clare van santen was told she had breast cancer . ' i was pregnant with elijah when i found out that i had breast cancer , so it was a bit scary wondering what was going to happen with the pregnancy and the other kids , ' ms van santen told daily mail australia . after undergoing a specific chemotherapy regime which had been found to have no negative impact on unborn children , and having a mastectomy , her son was born happy and most importantly , healthy . ' he had a full head of hair when he was born , and i was bald so that made me feel better , ' ms van santen , who is from perth , joked . singe mother-of-five clare van santen , 37 , ( back of image ) is currently battling terminal breast cancer . she is pictured here with her four youngest kids susan 17 , nikita , 14 , jack , 12 , elijah , 9 , the perth woman was first diagnosed when she was pregnant with her fifth child , elijah , now aged nine . when she asked her doctor after all her treatment whether she was in remission , he told her that with breast cancer , if it is contained within the breast like hers was , you are essentially cured . but ten years on , after living a life which she thought was cancer-free , the single mum-of-five has been told her cancer is now terminal . her biggest concern going forward is for her children , whose ages range from 20 to nine years old , and how they will live without her . ' i worry about how they’re going to be and who’s going to look after them , what’s going to happen , how they’re going to cope , ' ms van santen said . after her initial diagnosis , the perth woman learned in october 2013 her cancer had spread to her liver , and she also had a small amount in one of her shoulders . ' i went to have lap-band surgery and they did a scan of my liver and found some legions which ended up being cancer , little tiny bit in my shoulder too , ' ms van santen revealed . ms van santen has a bucket list of things she wants to do with her children : keisha , 20 , susan 17 , nikita , 14 , jack , 12 , elijah , 9 , in the time she has left . she was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005 , but it has since spread to her liver , shoulder , and brain . the 37-year-old has undergone coutnless chemotherapy and radiation treatments in the past decade . instead of the surgery she was supposed to have , she had to endure five months of chemotherapy and hormone treatments , which successfully shrunk the spots in her liver . ' for most people a bucket list is something that has lots of adventurous things on it ... my bucket list is for me and my kids , so they can enjoy their home environment and that we can make as many happy memories as possible while i can . ' - clare van santen . some of the items on the mother-of-five 's list include : then at the beginning of this year , ms van santen began having some strange symptoms once again . ' i 'd been having headaches and just forgetting things , and sometimes i 'd read something and the worlds had been jumbled around . ' on february 14 i had a seizure and discovered the cancer had gone to my brain , ' she revealed , saying the horrible event happened in front of three of her kids . radiation therapy is currently trying to shrink the ten tumors spread throughout her brain , but the cancer is inoperable , and devastatingly , terminal . as for how much time ms van santen has left with her children , it 's impossible to know . ' they can’t say , ' she said , speaking of her doctors . ' they 've said a few months to a few years . ' ms van santen has a bucket list of things she hopes to do , see and experience with her family before her time is up , but life is much harder for her than it used to be . with the time she has left she hopes to makeover the kids ' rooms so they have their own sanctuary , get a ' huge comfortable leather lounge for me and kids to sit on , so i can be with them ' , and fix up other things around the house . ms van santen also wants to go on a family holiday on a cruise , have a photo-shoot with her kids , and simply ' make lots of little moments special ' . she has thrown her support behind breast cancer care 's buying time campaign which aims to raise money to fund more breast cancer nurses . ms van santen , pictured here with eldest daughter keisha , is not sure how much time she has left with her kids . and perhaps the most important : ' finding someone who will love my kids nearly as much as i do ! ' . but the medication she currently on makes her more exhausted than ' i 've ever been in my life ' , and leaves her wiped out for days at a time . however the mum-of-five said her life would be even more difficult if she did n't have the support of breast cancer care , wa . she has thrown her support behind the buying time campaign , which aims to raise money which will go towards funding more breast cancer nurses and support services . ' i 've rung them crying so many times , ' ms van santen revealed . ' their support is so , so amazing . ' when a patient first receives their diagnosis and calls the care centre , they are allocated a nurse who helps them through their entire journey . the nurses make house calls , ring and check up on them , send counsellors out to get people through tough times and help patients get connected with support groups . she hopes to take her family on a holiday together , and get a photoshoot with everyone soon . ms van santen also hopes to raise awareness about the mortality rates of women with breast cancer . ' they help with everything , if you need some financial help , or you need legal help , if you need a lift ... ' ms van santen said . ' ( and ) it’s good to be able to speak to other people going through the same thing , ' she added , speaking of the help she received through her stage 4 support group . through her involvement in this campaign , ms van santen also wants to help raise awareness about the mortality rates of women who suffer from breast cancer . she has questioned why she is classified as a ' survivor ' because she has lived for more than five years after her diagnosis , but will still eventually succumb to the disease . ms van santen said she would like to see more research done on stage 4 , or terminal , breast cancer because even though hers was detected early , it will still eventually take her life . ' so much money goes into awareness for breast cancer , but no money goes into actually researching stage 4 cancer , ' she said , adding that as it 's the one that takes lives there should be more known about it . ms van santen hopes in the future there can be more awareness about the mortality rates of the disease , and that people know that even if detected early , that breast cancer can still kill . 'it’s important for so many people , you know , my kids , people 's families ' , she said . you can support the buying time campaign here , donate to help clare van santen tick things off her bucket list here , or keep up with her journey here .