the leader of a gang that attacked young girls in sydney 's southwest has been attacked by fellow inmates inside one of australia 's toughest prisons . bilal skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of goulburn correctional centre on friday . a corrective services statement confirmed a '33-year-old inmate ' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day . sydney rape gang leader bilal skaf has been attacked by fellow inmates at goulburn correctional ccomplex in nsw . he is pictured ( in orange overalls ) with his mother , baria ( right ) inside goulburn 's supermax prison on internal prison cctv in 2002 when he tried to smuggle letters to his girlfriend out through mrs skaf . bilal skaf ( left and right ) was the leader of the rape gang which terrorised sydney teenage girls on a four-week rampage before the 2000 sydney olympics for which he received a 46 year sentence and will be eligible for parole , if he behaves himself in prison and admits his crime , in 2033 . gang rape leader bilal skaf pictured in the living room of his family home in sydney 's western suburbs posing with a firearm next to a photograph of his parents and siblings , including his younger brother mohammed who was also convicted for the rapes and is serving 32 years in a cell shared with bilal . ' three inmates have been segregated while the investigation continues , ' corrective services said . in 2002 , skaf was sentenced to 55 years ' jail for his part in a series of gang rapes in sydney 's southwest . skaf was one of 14 mostly muslim lebanese australians who went on a four-week rampage of raping australian women and teenage girls in sydney in the lead-up to the 2000 olympics . the gang members , aged between 13 and 18 years , lured the girls from shopping centres and train stations and took them to parks and public toilet blocks . daily mail australia previously reported that one of the victims was raped 25 times by a total of 14 men at bankstown , in sydney 's west , in an ordeal that lasted six hours , during which the attackers subjected her to racist taunts . skaf was aged 18 at the time of his rapes and is not eligible for parole until february 11 , 2033 . during the sentencing , judge michael finnane described the rapes as events ' you hear about or read about only in the context of wartime atrocities ' . in august that year , skaf was moved from sydney 's long bay after fellow inmates threatened to inject him with hiv-infected blood they were planning to take from another prisoner . he spent time in the high risk management correctional centre inside the goulburn prison complex , where he was caught in 2002 trying to smuggle letters out via his visiting mother , baria , to his then girlfriend . they were caught and mrs skaf was banned from visiting her son for a time . skaf was later moved to a secure section of the main prison at goulburn and into a cell he shared with his brother mohammed , who was also convicted of the 2000 gang rapes , and sentenced to 32 years .