a counterfeit drug gang has been jailed after raking in £10million by selling fake viagra while pretending to be a fishing tackle business . judge charles wide qc described it as a ' highly organised , large-scale criminal enterprise ' which risked the health of members of the public , as he sentenced the gang at the old bailey . the uk-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world . this was a ' sophisticated and carefully planned ' scam which had bases in north-east lincolnshire and sussex , the judge said . a counterfeit drug gang has been jailed after raking in £10million by selling fake viagra . neil gilbert ( pictured left ) was jailed for six years and catherine laverick ( right ) was sentenced to three years and 10 months . he said the ' the real mischief is the catastrophic damage that could be caused ' to the public , noting that genuine drug companies had pointed out that acid , brick dust and road paint had been found in fake viagra . one group based in southern england was headed by neil gilbert , 42 , who made up to £60,000 a week selling unlicensed and counterfeit drugs to unsuspecting customers . the northern branch was led by thailand-based stephen laverick , but his ex-wife catherine laverick , 47 , was in charge of day-to-day operations in the uk . and their family members and friends were recruited to assist with the massive criminal enterprise . the court heard the conspiracy lasted eight years from 2004 and continued even after the gang were arrested in september 2011 following an investigation by the drugs regulatory body , mhra . they had used a series of ' front ' companies claiming to sell jewellery , fishing tackle and cosmetics to accept the electronic payments . proceeds were then laundered through more than 100 bank accounts both in the uk and abroad . the gang offered fake viagra pills to unsuspecting customers around the world . file photo . huge sums of money were transferred between the conspirators , sent offshore or , were withdrawn in cash in the uk or abroad . the money laundered or obtained through fraud by all of the defendants totalled £8,444,896 . prosecutor gillian jones said : ' this case is not about wanting to distribute good medicines cheaply , but rather the motivation was greed , with an utter disregard for patient safety . ' the medicines that were seized which were purported to be viagra and valium in fact turned out to be counterfeit , ' the prosecutor said . ' this was big business . the proceeds of the supply of these medicines via websites which have been traced to various merchant facilities is in excess of £10 million - that is not the real figure . ' not all bank accounts have been identified . some are abroad and have n't been traced properly and some medicines were paid for in cash . ' an audit kept by gilbert revealed that the gang received £60,000 a week from the sale of unlicensed medicines during 2011 alone - a turnover of more than £3million . the money was transferred into bank accounts held by members of the conspiracy or their relatives before being withdrawn in cash or used to sustain the business , the court heard . miss jones added : ' there is no doubt a conspiracy to sell these unlicensed medicines existed . they had to set up and maintain websites through which medicines were sold , rent storage units and packing centres . ' offices were rented , stationary and packaging purchased , mail boxes rented to which customers posted cash and merchant banking facilities to allow payments by cards . ' they purported to be trading fishing tackle , cosmetics or jewellery but they were just a front to hide the real merchandise which was unlicensed medicines . seth pennington ( pictured outside the old bailey ) who was described as gilbert 's right-hand man and carried out the day-to-day operations under the directions of his boss , was jailed for five years . kristina sofoulakis ( left ) was jailed for two-and-a-half years and mark bristow ( right ) was jailed for four years . ' as demand for the products grew the customer database widened to countries in europe including sweden , france and germany . ' when banks started raising concerns about the nature of the business , the gang opened accounts offshore in belize and panama where fewer questions were asked . gilbert , of ovingdean , brighton pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply unlicensed medicines , two counts of money laundering , possession of counterfeit valium and possession of counterfeit viagra . he was jailed for a total of six years at the old bailey . his partner kristina sofoulakis , also of ovingdean , brighton , admitted conspiracy to supply medicines and money laundering in the uk and offshore . she was jailed for two-and-a-half years . she had worked as a book keeper , monitoring orders and payments . sarah laverick ( pictured ) was handed a 16-month jail term , suspended for two years and was ordered to carry out 200 hours ' unpaid work . catherine laverick , of ulceby , south humberside , admitted conspiracy to supply unlicensed medicines and money laundering in the uk and abroad . she was jailed for three years and 10 months . her son , thomas laverick , was spared jail after being given a 14-month sentence , suspended for two years . he set up the fake company ' shore catch ' to buy medicines and launder money . his sister sarah laverick was handed a 16-month jail term , which was also suspended for two years . she was ordered to carry out 200 hours ' unpaid work . she pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering . the 26-year-old set up the fake fishing tackle company to help with buying medicines and laundered money through numerous bank accounts . hugh adair ( left ) was given a 12-month jail term , suspended for two years and donna denton ( right ) was sentenced to eight months , suspended for 18 months . catherine laverick 's former partner hugh adair was given a 12-month jail term , suspended for two years and ordered to carry out 200 hours ' unpaid work . adair , 37 , of brighton , helped with the day-to-day running as well as facilitating payment for the purchase of medicines . he pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply unlicensed medicines and fraud . seth pennington , 42 , who was described as gilbert 's right-hand man and carried out the day-to-day operations under the directions of his boss , was jailed for five years . pennington , of brighton , admitted conspiracy to sell or supply unlicensed medicines , selling or distributing counterfeit goods ( viagra ) , two counts of money laundering , one of possession of counterfeit goods purporting to be valium and one count of possession of a medicinal product ( kamagra ) without marketing authorisation . daniel nilsen ( left ) was sentenced to four months imprisonment , suspended for a year and lee pettit ( right ) was sentenced to 22 weeks , suspended for a year . mark bristow , 45 , acted as the middle man between the northern and southern parts of the enterprise , liasing directly with catherine laverick and gilbert . bristow pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply unlicensed medicines , selling or distributing counterfeit viagra and money laundering . he was jailed for four years . darrell jacob , 38 , provided banking facilities to receive customer payments for unlicensed medicines through front companies dj cosmetics and dj casuals . donna denton , 40 , of grimsby , set up a cardnet facility , which she falsely claimed was for the sale of jewellery . she pleaded guilty to fraud and was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for 18 months and given a three-month curfew requiring her to stay at home between 7pm and 6am . daniel nilsen , 26 , set up a cardnet facility , which he falsely claimed was for the sale of fishing tackle by mail-order . nilsen , of grimsby , pleaded guilty to fraud and was sentenced to four months imprisonment , suspended for a year . lee pettit , 36 , of brighton , was not directly involved in the sale of pills , but was involved in opening bank accounts and money laundering . darrell jacob ( pictured left with lee pettit ) will be sentenced on may 29 after admitting two counts of conspiracy to supply unlicensed medicines and money laundering . he pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to supply and two counts of fraud and was sentenced to 22 weeks , suspended for a year . darrell jacob , of east sussex , admitted two counts of conspiracy to supply unlicensed medicines and money laundering . he will be sentenced at a hearing on may 29 . judge charles wide qc , sentencing , said : ' this case concerns a highly organised , large scale criminal enterprise to sell unlicensed and counterfeit medicines and to launder the illegal profits of that enterprise . ' the regulatory regime concerning the products sold during this criminal enterprise exists for the whole purpose of protecting the public . ' the judge said the use of counterfeit viagra and valium could cause ' serious harm ' if taken by unwitting customers . a statement , read out in court , from viagra manufacturer pfizer said counterfeit pills have been found to contain toxic material including brick . judge wide added : ' there is no direct evidence of such harm , but that is no thanks to any great care taken in its execution . ' each of you was involved to line your own pockets or help others line their pockets with an absolute disregard for public safety . ' 