david cameron will launch a multi-billion pound sale of lloyds bank shares if he wins the election – in what would be the largest privatisation bonanza since the thatcher era . the prime minister will today pledge that if he is returned to downing street he will offer the public £4 billion of lloyds shares still held by the government after gordon brown’s £20 billion panic bailout with taxpayers’ money during the 2008 economic crisis . individuals will be allowed to buy up to £10,000 worth of lloyds banking group shares , which were worth 78.7p when the stock market closed on friday – comfortably above the 73.6p paid by mr brown’s government . scroll down for video . david cameron will launch a multi-billion pound sale of lloyds bank shares if he wins the election . the shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate at the time , with the proceeds used to help pay down the national debt . it is the latest ‘retro’ conservative policy to hark back to the 1980s , following mr cameron’s revival in the manifesto of the thatcherite ‘ right to buy’ offer for housing association tenants . but while investors 30 years ago took overnight profits on their stakes in privatised companies such as british gas and british telecom – leading critics to claim that it encouraged ‘carpetbaggers’ – lloyds shareholders will be encouraged to hang on to their holding . a loyalty bonus will be offered of one free share for every ten held for at least a year after the sale , up to a maximum bonus value of £200 . the sale of lloyds shares would be the biggest privatisation since the 1980s when mrs thatcher’s government sold £3.9 billion of bt shares and £5.6 billion of british gas shares in the famous ‘ tell sid’ campaign . thirty-three major companies were privatised under mrs thatcher between 1984 and 1991 , which supporters said led to a dramatic improvement in their efficiency and a boost to tax revenues for the treasury . like right to buy , it also helped to entrench tory support among voters who benefited from the windfalls . no 10 strategists hope mr cameron’s pledge will remind voters of the economic problems that blighted the country under mr brown’s premiership . the recovery under chancellor george osborne has allowed him to sell £9 billion of shares in lloyds to city investors for more than the price that former chancellor alistair darling paid in 2008 . claim : jesse norman and the chocolate cake he allegedly gave out while campaigning for re-election . police are investigating a tory mp over claims he attempted to bribe voters with chocolate cake . jesse norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election at an asda supermarket in his hereford constituency . west mercia police last night said it was investigating reports of a breach of the representation of the people act 1983 , which bans election candidates from providing food , drink or entertainment in a bid to win votes . the probe follows would-be ukip mp kim rose , who is standing in southampton itchen , being grilled by police for giving out sausage rolls at a party event earlier this year . detectives are expected to speak to mr norman after he was photographed with trays of baked goods on april 2 . he described the allegations as ‘nonsense’ , saying : ‘ we had a couple of small boxes of chocolate muffins ... we may have given out one or two to children , who are not even voters . ’ there have been two sales to big pension funds and city institutions in 2013 and early in 2014 . late last year , uk financial investments , the treasury body that manages the government stake , hired investment bank morgan stanley to sell a few million lloyds shares in the market every day over a six month period – a practice known as a ‘dribble-out’ . the government still owns £12.5 billion of lloyds shares and experts expect £4 billion worth to be offered to the public , with the rest sold to city institutions . with the share price currently above 78p , the tories will be able claim they have banked a profit running into billions for the taxpayer . however , while lloyds has been a success story , the government’s other big bank investment – royal bank of scotland – has not . the treasury under mr brown paid an average of 502p a share for rbs when it was rescued . they were changing hands on friday for 349p . in mr cameron’s announcement today , he is expected to say : ‘ the £20 billion bailout of lloyds bank by the last labour government became a symbol of the crisis that engulfed the british economy under labour . after the public bailed it out , people feared they wouldn’t see their money returned . today they are . ‘today’s announcement marks another step in the long journey we have been making repairing our banks , turning our economy around and reducing our national debt , only made possible by our long-term economic plan . ‘that’s why it is so important that we don’t put all that progress at risk , but instead build on what we’ve done so we can deliver a brighter , more secure future for our country . ’ country life : a ' beater ' at work and below , a bottle of sipsmith dry gin . the prime minister indulged his love of country sports by taking part in a secret country shoot near his oxfordshire constituency home . and he celebrated with a nip of a specially prepared ‘ chipping norton’ cocktail . but witnesses say that david cameron did not himself use a gun – despite his reputation as a skilled marksman . instead , he acted as a ‘beater’ to flush out the game . the event took place on new year’s eve but until now has been kept a closely guarded secret . it took place near chipping norton , the oxfordshire town which has given its name to the ‘ chipping norton set’ of high-profile local residents from the world of politics , media and showbusiness such as mr cameron and jeremy clarkson . last night , the man who served mr cameron the cocktail said other people on what he described as a ‘ country walk’ had no idea there would be a vip guest . jared brown , master distiller at the west london ‘artisanal’ gin company sipsmith , said : ‘ no one but the landowner knew the prime minister would be joining us . ’ he fought shy of describing the event as a shoot , but added : ‘ i can say with utter certainty that mr cameron did not handle a gun . ’ mr brown confirmed , though , that the pm did sample the cocktail , based on sipsmith london dry gin . last night , the drink , also containing manuka honey , raspberry tea and extract of echinacea , was being dubbed the ‘ chipping norton cocktail’ . 