washington believes that the ‘ special relationship’ between britain and the us is over , according to a secret briefing document seen by the mail on sunday . the memo for members of congress states damningly that ‘ the uk may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the united states in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the us agenda’ . dated april 2015 and drawn up to brief the senate and house of representatives on the impact of britain’s general election , the memo also warns that the uk faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament . scroll down for video . the ' special relationship ' between britain and the us was strong under margaret thatcher and ronald reagan . the document – prepared by the congressional research service , an in-house intelligence body that gives confidential analysis to legislators – states that while britain and the us are likely to ‘ remain key economic partners’ , a ‘ reassessment of the special relationship may be in order… because its geopolitical setting has been changing’ . the memo , edited by derek e mix , the crs’s chief european affairs analyst , says that the development of organisations such as the g20 group of major economies has led to a decline in the ‘ influence and centrality of the relationship’ . it also states that the uk’s continued importance to the us will hinge on the future success of the economy – and chancellor george osborne’s implementation of spending cuts . it reads : ‘ a significant degree of the uk’s international influence flows from the success and dynamism of the british economy , further raising the stakes on whether the uk can sustain stronger economic growth while continuing to pursue ambitious fiscal consolidation . ’ prime minister david cameron and us president barack obama serve food during a downing street barbecue in may 2011 . when cameron visited the white house in january , he insisted the president had said the special relationship was ‘ stronger than it has ever been’ . winston churchill first coined the phrase ' special relationship ' in a speech in 1944 . the ‘ special relationship’ has been deployed by generations of politicians – most notably ronald reagan and margaret thatcher – to describe the close political , diplomatic , cultural , economic , military and historical relations between the two countries . it was first coined in a 1944 speech by winston churchill , when he said it was his ‘ deepest conviction that unless britain and the united states are joined in a special relationship… another destructive war will come to pass’ . increasingly , however , the relationship has come to be seen as one-sided , with british prime ministers more keen to flag up the alliance than us presidents . when david cameron visited the white house in january , he insisted the president had said the special relationship was ‘ stronger than it has ever been’ . the memo also expresses concern about a potential uk exit from the eu following an ‘out’ vote in any referendum , saying : ‘ both the positive and the negative aspects of a prospective life outside the eu are more difficult to foresee . ’ explaining the significance of a hung parliament , the congressional document says it could result in a ‘ brief period of ambiguity’ and ‘ constitutional uncertainty’ .