drive-by death : cassandra cassidy was fatally wounded as she tried to help two women ' afraid of men in a car ' outside a rehab centre . a 24-year-old rehab worker killed in a drive-by shooting in las vegas was an ' innocent bystander ' who had been trying to aid two women who had approached her in the street . cassandra cassidy had been stopped outside the addiction recovery centre where she worked shortly after 10pm on friday by two females ' afraid of males in a car ' , police have said . the fashion design student was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past while she was talking to the women , and died in hospital shortly afterwards . ms cassidy had just arrived for her late-night shift at a half-way house for people struggling with substance abuse , when the women approached her , las vegas police said in a statement . the women later told police they had been afraid of two men in a car down the street and asked to use ms cassidy 's phone to call for help . a white , two door car with several occupants drove up to ms cassidy 's car and fired several rounds , striking cassidy but not the two women , before it sped off , lt. jeff goodwin of las vegas metropolitan police said . the aspiring designer , who had recently launched her own vegan clothing label , was mortally wounded and taken to university medical center where she died . the death of ms cassidy , who described herself as ' a 24-year-old fashion design student , artist , geek , photography enthusiast , hiatus model , and many other things ' on her instagram page , has devastated family and friends . her boyfriend of two years , adam loghides , 26 , said working at the rehab centre was a perfect fit for her , as she ' always finds the best ways and finds the best qualities in people ' . the international academy of design & technology-las vegas 's student , was ' an avid supporter of civil rights and lgbtq issues and someone who represented fairness on all levels and equality , ' mr loghides told the las vegas review-journal . las vegas metropolitan police are investigating the shooting but have yet to make any arrests . tragedy : the aspiring las vegas designer was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past while she was talking to the women , and she died in hospital shortly afterwards . shooting : ms cassidy , 24 , was shot in a driveby on this las vegas road just after 10pm friday night .