some see the addition of jimmy graham to the seattle seahawks ' offense as one of the best moves of free agency , but michael bennett still thinks he 's overrated . bennett labelled the tight end ' soft ' and ' overrated ' , not to mention adding that ' he did n't like him as a person or a player ' , after seattle 's playoff win over the saints two years ago . and now that graham 's on board to seemingly add a genuine red zone threat to darrell bevell 's predominantly ground and pound offense , the defensive end had some choice words for his new team-mate . ' i still feel the same way , ' bennett told 710 espn seattle . michael bennett rides a policeman 's bike after the seahawks ' famous nfc championship win over green bay . bennett tackles eddie lacy as the seahawks bounced back from 16-7 with just over two minutes remaining . jimmy graham signed a deal with seattle which gives russell wilson a 6ft 7in target to aim at . ' just because he 's on my team i do n't stop feeling that way . obviously i 'm going to be a better team-mate to him because he 's on my team . i ca n't do the things i was doing to him when we were playing him . ' bennett did soften a little , adding : ' obviously , i 'm going to be a better team-mate to him because he 's on my team . i ca n't do the things i was doing to him when we were playing him . ' when he comes to our team , he 's a part of our team . we have a different philosophy than they have with the saints so the things that he was expected to do [ with ] the saints are going to be different when he comes here . obviously , we 're a running team , so he 's going to have to block and do all those things . ' i do n't feel as harsh as i did at the time because he 's my team-mate now , but at the time he was on the opposite team , a team that we played that was pretty good and we battled with them a couple times , and i did n't really like that team . ' bennett came on the airwaves to address rumours that he had asked for a trade to join former defensive co-ordinator dan quinn at the atlanta falcons . ' i never asked for it . i did n't come to them asking for a trade . i 'm still trying to figure out how a guy from dallas make up a story about me . i 'm living in seattle , i 'm like , `` how does that happen ? '' ' ' i 'm in hawaii surfing , got the kids surfing in the ocean and they are talking about something else . the story was broken by clarence hill of the fort worth star-telegram , and it appeared to vex the ebullient bennett , who added : ' man , like i said , they made rumours about jesus , they 'll make rumours about anybody . ' bennett will come face-to-face with graham on april 20 when the seahawks begin their official off-season training programme . 