arsenal manager arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at turf moor . wenger has been praised by burnley boss sean dyche this season and last night the gunners boss repaid the compliment by saying : ' it would be a shame for burnley to go down . ' arsenal were made to fight hard for their eighth win in a row and wenger said : ' i understand now why they took points from other teams like chelsea and manchester city . arsenal manager arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league . burnley manager sean dyche shakes hands with wenger following arsenal 1-0 victory at turf moor . ' when you see their performance tonight ( saturday ) , i am surprised by their plight near the bottom . they have a great solidarity and organisation in their side . burnley have won only once in 11 games , a famous 1-0 victory against city , but dyche still believes they can escape the drop . they are currently two points from safety but face three fellow strugglers hull city , leicester city and aston villa in their final six fixtures . they have played seven teams at the top of the table in their last eight games . aaron ramsey ( right ) scored the only goal of the game , but it was enough to secure three points . the welsh midfielder points to the sky as he celebrates putting arsenal into a early 1-0 lead . ' we have six big games coming and we have shown this season we can score goals , ' he said . ' we are not naïve . we are willing and have an appetite to succeed . ' ' the outside world thought we might not take anything from our last seven games . there are teams around us who are having an awkward time and maybe they feel the next matches more than us . ' it could well go do the wire . i am only concerned about us . i know if our performances are right , we will win games . i think we have measured ourselves well against the top sides and now there are going to be different type of games , edgy games . ' burnley were unlucky not to draw level after this acrobatic attempt was saved by david ospina . 