jailed for life : naunihal singh woke up his daughter-in-law’s father and slashed him with a kitchen knife . a sikh optician who slit the throat of his daughter-in-law’s father who was in bed after a drunken family row has been jailed for life . naunihal singh , 54 , woke up great-grandfather ujjal singh , 63 , and slashed him with a kitchen knife at his son and daughter-in-law’s home . the attack in crumpsall , manchester , came after a heated argument over the couple 's lack of children - with ujjal accusing naunihal 's son yawinder-pal ‘monty’ , 37 , of ' firing blanks ' . today , naunihal was jailed at manchester crown court for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder . the court was told that at the time of the killing last november , naunihal and his wife jaswant , who live in india , were paying a visit to monty , and their daughter-in-law balvinder , 42 . also there were balvinder’s parents jaginder and ujjal from ipswich , suffolk - and the latter became angry at monty for the couple’s failure to have children - accusing him of ‘ firing blanks’ . after an afternoon in the pub and an evening meal , ujjal went to bed - but tensions escalated and monty smashed a photo frame with his hand , which saw relatives take him to hospital . as ujjal lay in bed , naunihal sat at the kitchen table drinking vodka before taking a kitchen knife from a drawer . he then went into the bedroom , grabbed ujjal’s jaw and slit his throat . when the family returned from the hospital and found ujjal’s blood-soaked body , an ambulance was called where one paramedic noticed monty move the knife and told police . monty was soon arrested on suspicion of murder . great-grandfather : murder victim ujjal singh ( front right ) with his daughters ( back row , from left ) tipta kaur-singh , shakuntla kaur-singh , piaro kaur-singh , sindy kaur-singh , and ( front left ) his son amolak singh . naunihal had already fled with his passport and tickets to fly back to india from birmingham airport - and got all the way to the terminal where he asked about changing his flights . it is believed he was then told of monty 's arrest and later handed himself in . two days after the killing , he walked into a manchester police station , where he said : ‘ my son is innocent , i’m guilty . ’ while demonstrating a ‘slashing’ motion , he added : ‘i’m guilty , i got the knife and i cut him like this ... you let my son go . i love my son . ’ mark kellet , prosecuting , said : ‘ during the evening , monty and balvinder cooked dinner for the family . monty , the defendant and ujjal continued to drink . ‘ ( that ) evening , the atmosphere became more argumentative . they argued about money and the fact that monty and balvinder did not have any children , with ujjal blaming monty for this . ‘ as the argument developed , the exchanges became heated . jaswant and jaginder tried to calm ujjal down and he was taken to bed . jaginder went upstairs and put him into his pyjamas . scene : the attack in crumpsall , manchester , came after a heated argument over the couple 's lack of children . ‘ monty then smashed a photograph frame and his hand was bleeding . balvinder , jaswant and jaginder took monty to hospital for treatment on his hand , which was bleeding . ' as monty and the others left , the defendant said : `` there is going to be a price to pay for the loss of your blood '' . the group arrived at the hospital at about 11.10pm and returned home just after 1.10am . when they returned , jaginder went into the bedroom to check on her husband to find blood around his neck and a knife on his chest . ujjal was pronounced dead in hospital one hour and 20 minutes later . while at the house , paramedic adam wain saw monty move the knife from the bedroom and informed the police , who subsequently arrested him . naunihal handed himself in to police the following day where he told an officer that the police ‘ had the wrong man’ . ' awful incident ' : senior investigating officer bob tonge ( centre ) of greater manchester police speaks outside manchester crown court today with ujjal 's family . he said the case is ' tragic from start to finish ' . in interview , he said he took the knife into the upstairs bedroom where ujjal was sleeping ‘ to scare him’ because he had been abusive about his son . he later told officers ujjal was on his back on the bed , staring at him . he told police : ‘ i don’t know what i did . and now when i hear all these things , then i realise that maybe i have killed him . ‘ he was scaring me with his eyes and he was swearing at me so ... and he was coming at me and i just did like that and it just happened very quickly ... and i was scared and he was bleeding . ’ mr kellet said : ‘ he stated that he was angry with ujjal so took a knife from the kitchen to scare him . when he was in the bedroom , he was scared by ujjal’s eyes . ‘ ujjal sat up in bed and somehow came into contact with the knife . he said that he panicked because of the blood and left the house . his passport and tickets to fly from birmingham airport were coincidentally in his coat pocket . ’ return journey : naunihal had already fled with his passport and tickets to fly back to india from birmingham airport ( above ) - and got all the way to the terminal where he asked about changing his flights . after the case senior investigating officer bob tonge of greater manchester police said : ‘ this case is tragic from start to end and what should have been a normal family gathering ended in absolute tragedy . ‘ two families have been destroyed by this awful incident , which basically stemmed from a family argument and was fuelled by alcohol . ‘ while alone with the victim , and feeling slighted and offended by comments directed at his son , naunihal singh callously went into ujjal singh’s room and without a second thought , stabbed him as he slept . ‘ he then fled , leaving his son , daughter-in-law and her family to discover his heinous crime . ‘ the one saving grace is that he has not subjected them to further torment by making them endure a trial and has faced up to his crime and subsequent , inevitable punishment . ’ in a statement ujjal’s family said : ‘ a true testament to his character was his ability to interact with his elders , his peers and also the younger generation that he was surrounded by . ‘ he will be fondly remembered by all his family , he will never be replaced and never be forgotten . ’ ujjal was also described by relatives as a 'well-respected member of the sikh community ' , while the court was told that the death had ' rocked the sikh community in the area ' .