jonas gutierrez was dropped after a fallout with newcastle head coach john carver – and is now set to be released at the end of the season . the argentinian – who has twice beaten testicular cancer - was not even named among the substitutes for sunday’s 3-1 defeat at home to spurs . afterwards , carver said gutierrez was left out for ‘ selection reasons’ before stating that he did not want to talk about the player . jonas gutierrez was dropped from squad for sunday 's defeat by tottenham following row with john carver . the 31-year-old had earlier posted a message on twitter saying that he was not injured . indeed , sources close to gutierrez say that he was axed following a heated exchange with carver . gutierrez was upset when he was dropped from the starting xi for last week’s 3-0 loss at liverpool . he had been united’s best player during the tyne-wear derby defeat at sunderland in the previous game and was surprised by his omission , which was explained as a tactical switch to pair jack colback and mehdi abeid in midfield . what followed was a training-ground disagreement with carver and gutierrez tweeted on thursday , ‘ i am tired about some things . i am geordie . newcastle deserves more’ . meanwhile , a source added : ‘ they are treating him very badly . he does not deserve this . he just wants to play for newcastle . ’ gutierrez’s contract is up in the summer and he will be let go after seven years at the club . the clause which meant he would be guaranteed an extension after eight starts this season can not now be activated . however , sportsmail also understands that gutierrez trained with the first-team on monday and will be in the squad for saturday’s visit of swansea with both carver and the player keen to move on from their dispute . the midfielder has long since been critical of his treatment by the magpies after they told him to find a new club when he returned to tyneside having beaten the cancer for the first time in november , 2013 . newcastle midfielder was given a heartfelt ovation when he appeared as a substitute at anfield . gutierrez was eventually loaned out to norwich city for the remainder of the season . the cancer , however , returned last summer and he underwent a course of chemotherapy in argentina . he returned to newcastle in december and has made five appearances , the last of which came as a second-half substitute at anfield when he was given a heartfelt ovation by the home fans . and , in an interview last month , gutierrez spoke of his disappointment at the manner in which newcastle had handled his illness . ' i wo n't be able to forgive the way i 've been treated , no , ’ he said . gutierrez will not be offered a new deal by newcastle despite seven years at the club . ' i do n't think it was the right time nor the circumstances and i think at times like that , you should look after the individual , the player . ' i returned mid-november ( 2013 ) and in december the manager said i should find myself another club , that it was best . i understand a lot of things about football that for the directors it is a business , no ? ' it is clear that they look after the club 's interests , but i think in a situation like that , you need to consider other things , even more as i had been playing for five years before having this problem . i was always playing . ' and i never asked for anything . i paid for it [ medical treatment ] because , for me , the most important thing was my health . '