amid a torrent of rumours surrounding rafa benitez and his managerial future , the spaniard quietly continued a phenomenal career trend on thursday with napoli . he took the serie a side into the europa league semi-final with an emphatic 6-3 aggregate victory over wolfsburg and the impending encounters against dnipro will be benitez 's seventh major european semi-final in 12 seasons . napoli are the fourth club he has taken to the latter stages of a european competition , following spells with valencia , liverpool and chelsea . rafa benitez ( right ) celebrates taking napoli into the europa league semi-final with striker gonzalo higuain . benitez ( centre ) has reached his seventh european semi-final in only 12 seasons with four teams . benitez ( right ) guided liverpool to champions league glory in 2005 , his first season at the club . benitez got liverpool back to the final of the competition in 2007 , where they were beaten 2-1 by ac milan . 2004 : uefa cup winner ( valencia ) . 2005 : champions league winner ( liverpool ) . 2007 : champions league finalist ( liverpool ) . 2008 : champions league semi ( liverpool ) . 2010 : europa league semi ( liverpool ) . 2013 : europa league winner ( chelsea ) . 2015 : europa league semi ( napoli ) . benitez tasted continental success for the first time with valencia in 2004 , lifting what was then the uefa cup after beating a marseille side spearheaded by didier drogba 2-0 in the final . that achievement , alongside the two la liga titles he won during his three-year spell at the mestalla , caught the eye of liverpool , who swooped to bring the spaniard in as gerard houllier 's replacement . his first premier league season was one of adjustment but in europe , benitez flourished . he recorded his most stunning glory to date , masterminding what on paper was a woefully uninspiring liverpool team to champions league glory , overcoming a star-studded ac milan side that boasted the likes of cafu , paolo maldini , kaka and andriy shevchenko in the final . benitez maneuvered liverpool back to the champions league final in 2007 , eliminating barcelona on the way with a win at the nou camp , only for milan to avenge their defeat two years prior with a 2-1 victory . the spaniard manipulated another assault on europe 's elite trophy the following year but liverpool were knocked out in the semi-final by chelsea . off-field ownership turmoil derailed benitez 's team and liverpool have not even threatened to emerge as a challenger for club football 's most prestigious competition since . they were eliminated in the group stage of the tournament in 2010 , where a third-placed finish resulted in demotion to the europa league . but benitez guided liverpool to the semi-finals of europe 's secondary competition , where a diego forlan strike in extra-time at anfield sent atletico madrid to the final , where they beat roy hodgson 's fulham . the spaniard was sacked as liverpool manager at the end of the 2010 season and hodgson replaced benitez , who ended up at chelsea as interim manager in 2012 via a short spell at inter milan . benitez won the europa league with chelsea , beating benfica in the final , but his stay at stamford bridge was always going to be a short one . benitez often barbed chelsea supporters while at anfield and with jose mourinho 's time at real madrid grinding to a halt , it was clear who benitez was keeping the chelsea hotseat warm for . now at napoli , benitez finds his future at the club in question due to meandering domestic form . napoli are currently fourth in serie a , five points away from the top three ( which equals champions league qualification in italy ) with seven games remaining until the end of the season , when the spaniard 's contract expires . benitez was not a popular choice at chelsea but he still delivered silverware with the europa league . benitez first won the trophy with valencia in 2004 shortly before moving to liverpool . benitez is out of contract at napoli at the end of the season and has been linked with manchester city . benitez has been linked with a return to england with manchester city , as manuel pellegrini has overseen a feeble attempt at defending their premier league title , while some liverpool fans even pine for him to return to anfield . if benitez does leave napoli at the end of the season , he will surely have an array of suitors . he has 12 major honours to his name . few coaches across europe posses a record as imposing as his .