ahead of the 79th edition of the masters , sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at augusta national golf club . here are nos 10-1 . click here for the first part of our countdown , featuring videos of shots from the likes of nick faldo , louis oosthuizen and the late , great seve ballesteros ... 10 arnold palmer , 1960 . the king was truly crowned after becoming the first man to birdie both the final two holes at augusta national to win the masters . palmer had already sunk a 35-footer on the 17th to tie ken venturi at the top of the leaderboard , but knew a birdie on the last would win him the title . his approach to the 18th green was magnificent , finishing six feet away , sending ‘arnie’s army’ wild . he holed out for his second of four green jackets . 9 sandy lyle , 1988 . needing a birdie to beat mark calcavecchia , sandy lyle sent his 1-iron tee shot into the bunker guarding the left side of the fairway . but the scotsman’s strike from the sand was so pure that he was able to send his ball into the heart of the green , and watched as it caught that famous downslope and rolled to within eight feet of the pin . the birdie putt was never in doubt , and the jig that followed is just as memorable as that remarkable bunker shot . sandy lyle ( right ) is presented with his green jacket by larry mize in 1988 . 8 phil mickelson , 2010 . you could fill this top 20 entirely with shots from phil the thrill if you so wished , but this one probably tops his personal highlights reel . having pulled his tee shot on the par-five 13th right and into trees , mickelson was left with a gap of just a couple of feet through which to thread his ball . but ignoring the pleas of his caddie jim ‘bones’ mackay to lay up , phil took his six-iron and blasted the ball from off the straw , through the eye of the pines needle , over rae’s creek and to five feet of the pin . the eagle putt didn’t drop , but the marker was set . lee westwood was brilliant that year , but no-one was going to beat mickelson on this form . 7 doug ford , 1957 . trailing sam snead by three strokes after three rounds , doug ford stood over his approach to the 18th on sunday with a one-shot lead after a brilliant back nine , but fired his 7-iron into a bunker . worse than that , the ball plugged in the sand , leaving snead probably needing a par to force a play-off or birdie to win the title . but ford blasted his ball out of the trap and straight into the cup for an incredible birdie . it sealed his second major title and only masters win , but his name will now forever be associated with that greenside bunker on 18 . jack nicklaus ( left ) leaps into the air after holing his magnificent putt on the 16th green in 1975 . 6 jack nicklaus , 1975 . as the golden bear reached his ball on the 16th green , he heard the roars from the 15th as tom weiskopf holed for a one-stroke lead . worse , his ball was over 40 feet from the pin after a poor tee shot . a two-putt from that position would have been a good result , but nicklaus had other ideas and stroked the ball round the contours of the green and straight into the cup . weiskopf three-putted the same green , nicklaus won by a single shot , and the defeated giant later described nicklaus’ shot as the best putt he had ever seen . click here to watch the shot . 5 larry mize , 1987 . augusta probably held little hope for this local lad when he entered a play-off with the legendary seve ballesteros and the great white shark , greg norman , for the green jacket in 1987 . although the spaniard dropped out after a bogey on the first play-off hole , norman was in pole position after finding the fringe at the 11th , while mize missed the green way to the right . but there’s just something about this hole , and mize sent his 100-foot chip up onto the green and leapt nearly as high into the air after it hit the flagstick and dropped into the hole . norman missed his putt and will forever be remembered as augusta’s bridesmaid . 4 gene sarazen , 1935 . who knows what the masters might have become without this shot ? at the time it wasn’t considered a major and was struggling to gain recognition , but in one stroke gene sarazen’s ‘ shot heard round the world’ put augusta national on the map . the squire was trailing craig wood by two on the par-five 15th , but smashed a 235-yard four wood over water and into the cup for an albatross ( or double eagle , as they like to say over the pond ) . sarazen’s remarkable shot helped him tie wood and go on to beat him in an 18-hole play-off the next day . more importantly , it was the first of many legends born at the masters . 3 bubba watson , 2012 . having hooked his drive deep into the trees on the 10th , the second hole of his play-off with louis oosthuizen , bubba watson looked dead and buried . but bubba used all his magical shotmaking skills to spot a gap in the trees and then somehow hook a 160-yard wedge nearly 90 degrees and onto the putting surface . not only that , but his ball stopped 15 feet from the pin and piled the pressure onto oosthuizen , who could only bogey . tears flowed and ‘blubber’ watson sealed his place in augusta folklore . click here to watch the video . bubba watson hit a shot no-one thought was possible by hooking his ball round trees onto the 10th green . 2 jack nicklaus , 1986 . aged 46 and having not won a major for six years , many thought the golden bear had lost his teeth , but his back nine at augusta was nothing short of the best golf of his career . nicklaus covered his final 10 holes in seven under par and made a host of brilliant shots , but none better than his tee shot at 16 , which finished four feet from the cup to set up an easy birdie . watch as nicklaus bends down to pick up his tee with the ball in mid-air . as everyone around held their breath , he knew from the moment it left the clubface exactly where it was going . it doesn’t get much cooler than that . apart , maybe , from winning a sixth masters , and 18th major title . jack nicklaus ( right ) won a record sixth green jacket with his unforgettable back nine in 1986 . 1 tiger woods , 2005 . it couldn’t be anything else , surely ? woods’ legend was well and truly sealed with this jaw-dropping , gravity-defying chip-in , despite the fact he bogeyed his next two holes and was forced to beat chris dimarco in a play-off for his fourth green jacket . tiger was left in a near-hopeless position down in a hollow after missing the 16th green long , but chipped up onto a slope way left of the hole . his ball came to a virtual standstill , before trickling downhill towards the pin , and stopped rolling right on the edge of the cup just long enough to reveal his sponsor’s logo before dropping in . cue bedlam and what will surely go down as the most famous shot in all of golf . tiger woods celebrates with his caddie steve williams after holing his chip from off the 16th green .         