tim sherwood and chris ramsey may become a united force again in seasons to come . they could continue as rival managers . whatever happens , they will remember this night when they went toe to toe for 90 minutes of top-flight football . there was adrenaline , action , twists and turns . it was good to see two english coaches who have come up through the ranks against each other in a match of this importance . their teams’ premier league statuses were not decided on tuesday night , but this felt like a sliding-doors moment that directed their paths . tim sherwood and chris ramsey embrace each other as they met at villa park on tuesday night . there was adrenaline , action , twists and turns as ramsey and sherwood went head to head at villa park . queens park rangers led , then aston villa led , then charlie austin gave qpr a taste of victory before christian benteke wiped it away with his hat-trick goal . it was absorbing stuff on the pitch as well as in the technical areas , where sherwood and ramsey stood . they shuffled and shouted , cajoled and pointed . never during the match did they exchange glances , perhaps too afraid to look the other in the eye and give the game away . sherwood and ramsey’s relationship was forged over four years at tottenham . they helped bring through young talent ; sherwood predominantly picking and motivating , ramsey mainly coaching . harry kane , ryan mason and nabil bentaleb are part of their spurs legacy . now premier league bosses , they still live 10 minutes apart in bedfordshire and buckinghamshire . they have been for pints this season and will do so again in the future no doubt , unpicking this game that had so much at stake . sherwood tore his jacket off as he celebrated his team 's goal en route to christian benteke 's hat-trick . sherwood throws his jacket as he celebrates the goal at villa park in the relegation battle . sherwood was out at pitchside much earlier than his friend and rival , so he waited and watched as ramsey , jacket wrapped around his waist , strode out on his own from tunnel to dugout . the villa boss extended his hand and there was a warm embrace between the two men as an arc of photographers snapped away nearby . sherwood wore his customary gilet . in the seventh minute it was unzipped , three minutes later it was ripped off and flung to the floor . the timings coincided with qpr’s opening goal , and villa’s equaliser . think temuri ketsbaia minus the hoarding kicks . sherwood , as we have become accustomed , was living the match on the edge . unafraid to hype its importance before kick-off , he was treating it as such once the whistle blew . the showdown between sherwood ( left ) and ramsey ( right ) ended in a 3-3 draw at villa park . by half-time we had seen the full show . in the 16th minute he placed his hands on his head when qpr keeper rob green saved from jack grealish . in the 24th he hurried his players to take a free-kick . soon after he was telling fans behind his dugout to calm down after grealish delivered a poor corner . he produced his double-fisted pump celebration after benteke’s second , the one we saw during the latter stages of the fa cup win over west brom . sherwood was more restrained in the second period , particularly when clint hill found a leveller . austin’s strike left him shellshocked before benteke put a smile back on his face . with six games to go , both men have much to think about .