a police officer has been charged with leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen afl star ben cousins to his reporter girlfriend . channel 7 perth news reporter monique dirksz got the scoop on cousins ' arrest when she was the only journalist outside freemantle police station at 2am on march 12 when he was released on bail . the troubled star was arrested on march 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from bicton to mosman park , in perth . first class constable daniel jamieson is said to have been dating ms dirksz at the time and is accused of divulging information that gave her a particular advantage , wa today reports . scroll down for video . officer daniel jamieson ( left ) is accused of leaking confidential information about ben cousins ' arrest in march to his girlfriend channel 7 perth news reporter monique dirksz . police investigators became suspicious when ms dirksz ( right ) and her cameraman were the only people outside freemantle police station at 2am on march 12 when cousins ( left ) was granted bail . acting police commissioner steve brown said the policeman allegedly looked up the information on a police computer . the 29-year-old was stood down immediately and has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between march 11 and 17 , 2015 . at 11:00am on march 12 , ms dirksz tweeted : ‘ ben cousins arrested after police pursuit . charged with reckless driving , fail to stop and failure to provide a sample of breath . ’ mr brown said ms dirksz had done nothing wrong but told 6pr mornings radio mr jamieson’s alleged offences were an ‘ absolute breach of trust not only for this agency but for the community at large’ . mr jamieson will appear in perth magistrates court on may 5 . daily mail australia has contacted ms dirksz for comment . monique dirksz got the scoop on cousins ' arrest . officer jamieson accused of divulging information that gave her a particular advantage . at 11:00am on march 12 , ms dirksz tweeted : ‘ ben cousins arrested after police pursuit . charged with reckless driving , fail to stop and failure to provide a sample of breath . ’ acting police commissioner steve brown confirmed ms dirksz had done nothing wrong . mr brown is also concerned about the 112 police officers who had accessed cousins’ confidential files 300 times in two days , some of whom were working in regional wa . ‘ we want to know why they have accessed these records . it 's a breach of trust , ’ mr brown said . officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about daniel kerr , a fellow former west coast eagles player , according to the west australian . the pair both made headlines in recent months , for different incidents . mr brown confirmed to daily mail australia an internal investigation is underway relating to access , but would not confirm or make comment about the people whose records had been accessed . police in western australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrests of fallen afl star ben cousins ( pictured on april 9 ) . ' i can confirm that wa police are currently investigating accesses , by a large number of police employees , to the records of high profile persons within our internal computer systems , ' commissioner brown said in a statement . ' the focus of the investigation will be to determine if the accesses were justified having regard to the work role of each officer . this process will take some weeks , if not months , to complete . allegations will be investigated under section 440a of the criminal code , which states police officers face up to 12 months in prison or a $ 12,000 fine for unauthorised computer usage . ' the disappointing thing from my view is that the behaviour of these personnel has triggered a series of resource intensive internal investigations which will likely have criminal and/or internal disciplinary outcomes , ' mr brown said . the disgraced football player ( pictured during his career ) was arrested three times in two weeks in march , and another warrant was issued for his arrest in april when he failed to front court . cousins , pictured here in handcuffs arriving at court earlier in april , has a well-documented and public battle with methamphetamine . ' i suspect that the investigation will find that the majority of the accesses will have stemmed from mere curiosity , however this will not be known for sure until we undertake the investigation , ' he added . in light of the incident the acting commissioner also assured west australians that their information was safe . ' the community can rest assured that we hold their information in high regard and will conduct investigations into all suspected access breaches of our computer systems . ' however the wa police union has reacted negatively to the news of an investigation , with president george tilbury telling the west australian officers had done nothing wrong . he said they exhibited ' professional curiosity ' and added ' there is no suggestion in these cases of any corruption ' . ben cousins was arrested three times in two weeks at the end of march , following a slew of erratic events . cousins was spotted climbing onto the roof of a two-storey home in perth earlier this month . footage also emerged showing cousins running through the streets away from police . cousins was arrested three times in two weeks at the end of march , following a slew of erratic events . cousins was reportedly arrested compulsively taking photos of a sikh temple before climbing onto the roof of another home in canning vale in perth 's south . the 36-year-old footballer allegedly upset sikh priest , jasvinder singh and his wife when he reversed his car over the garden of the temple ground and parked in mr singh 's personal car park . on march 16 cousins , who has a history of serious drug abuse , was assessed at a mental health facility after he was caught behind the secure fences of an sas base . on april 8 , when cousins failed to front court on the driving charges a warrant for his arrest was issued . the next day the perth-based former afl star surrendered himself at fremantle police station .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .