tim sherwood's jacket did not survive beyond the first 10 minutes and after this astonishing contest it remains to be seen if either of these sides fare much better . when aston villa 's animated manager threw his gilet to the ground in celebration at the sight of christian benteke 's first half equaliser , he probably rather hoped his players were man enough to remain in the barclays premier league after all . indeed when he then saw benteke convert the second of his three goals after 33 minutes , he may have felt his damning critique on monday had provoked exactly the response he was looking for . but the grit , desire and determination his forwards had demonstrated was lacking at the opposite end of the field and a qpr side every bit as desperate to maintain their top flight status did a fine job of exposing exactly the weaknesses sherwood had highlighted . matt phillips ( left ) headed queens park rangers into a seventh-minute lead , getting on the end of bobby zamora 's cross . winger phillips garnered just enough power on his head to plant beyond brad guzan in the aston villa goal . joey barton wheels away after watching phillips nod in at the back post , as ciaran clark ( left ) and carlos sanchez appeal for offside . but qpr were only ahead for three minutes after christian benteke equalised for the hosts at villa park . benteke drove beyond rob green from the edge of the box to net his seventh premier league goal of the season . if it made for a hugely entertaining encounter , it must have been hell for the managers however friendly they might claim to be . sherwood walked off the pitch at half-time with his hands planted casually in his pockets , comforted by the fact that his side were sitting five points clear of relegation danger . but when charlie austin followed chint hill 's second half equaliser with a third goal for the visitors , villa had replaced chris ramsey 's spirited side in the bottom three . only 12 minutes remained , and even if benteke required just five more minutes to score again with a terrific free-kick the overriding feeling in the villa ranks was certainly more one of frustration than relief . benteke did not look like a man who wanted to enjoy his hat-trick at the sound of the final whistle . on the contrary , he looked devastated . both sides have some difficult games ahead but when tottenham and manchester city come next for villa , there is plenty to concern sherwood . a replay of qpr 's goals will not make pleasant viewing . the failure to close down bobby zamora before he delivered the cross that enabled matt phillips to strike after only seven minutes . the failure to challenge hill and so stop him scoring his first premier league goal . the failure too to respond to the threat being posed by austin , who was allowed to take a touch to control the cross from phillips before driving the ball past brad guzan . such frailties could yet drag villa down this season , and sherwood knows it . ' we are not equipped unfortunately to go anywhere and dig out a result , ' he complained afterwards , and on this evidence he would appear to be right .  aston villa ( 4-4-2 ) : guzan 6 ; bacuna 6 , vlaar 5.5 , clark 6 , richardson 6 ; cleverley 6.5 , sanchez 6.5 , delph 7 , grealish 6.5 ; agbonlahor 7.5 , benteke 8 . manager : tim sherwood 7 . goals : benteke 10 , 33 , 83 . qpr ( 4-4-2 ) : green 6.5 ; isla 6 ( traore 52 , 5 ) , caulker 5.5 , onuoha 5 , hill 6.5 ; phillips 7 , barton 6 , sandro 6 , kranjcar 5 ( henry 52 , 5 ) ; austin 5 , zamora 6.5 . manager : chris ramsey 7 . subs not used : mccarthy , hoilett , mitchell , grego-cox . goals : phillips 7 ; hill 55 ; austin 78 . booked : sandro , kranjcar , austin . ref : c. pawson . att : 33,708 .  click here to view our brilliant match zone - including christian benteke 's second goal . aston villa manager tim sherwood threw down his gilet in celebration after benteke scored the early equaliser . benteke was at the double in the opening 45 , sweeping beyond green to put villa ahead just after the half hour . defender clint hill was the unexpected scorer of qpr 's equaliser just after half-time to make it 2-2 . hill grabs the queens park rangers badge in celebration after scoring his first ever premier league goal . charlie austin got ahead of ron vlaar and had looked as if he 'd won the game for qpr . at times his side were excellent here , thrilling their supporters with a tremendous first half display . phillips might have landed the first blow for qpr but the players he was probably referring to as ' the icing on the cake ' were giving him plenty of cause for celebration . they were attacking with great flair and finesse , with the pace of individuals like gabriel agbonlahor and leandro bacuna and the sheer power of benteke . the call for more men made sherwood 's selection of 19-year-old jack grealish somewhat curious . but the teenager too was performing well . more than man enough for the occasion . as a game it was something of an emotional rollercoaster , even if the warmth of the embrace between sherwood and ramsey before kick-off was soon replaced by the cold reality of a dire situation for both teams . never one to hide his feelings , sherwood responded to qpr 's opening seventh minute goal by unzipping the aforementioned gilet in disgust . it was understandable really , given how meekly his defenders tried to stop zamora from delivering the cross phillips then headed home from close range . only three minutes later and the same gilet was off altogether , sherwood throwing it to the ground after seeing benteke 's shot take a nasty deflection off mauricio isla 's trailing foot and loop over rob green . the drama in the technical area added to the sense of excitement around villa park . the atmosphere was electric , the place almost erupting again when grealish so nearly marked his first premier league start with a goal . benteke delivered a perfect ball into the path of the teenage winger only for green to make the save at his feet . sherwood 's decision to play a midfield diamond and exploit the pace of his attackers was working well for villa . not everyone seemed to agree , and at one stage sherwood seemed to be placating a fan who did n't seem quite so impressed . but his team were playing with real verve , with benteke scoring a second after 33 minutes with a goal that owed as much to the speed , vision and courage of agbonlahor as the precision of the finish . agbonlahor was just quick enough to send benteke clear before being hacked down by sandro , and remained curled up in a ball while his colleague raced towards goal . benteke finished cleverly , shaping to shoot beyond hill before dragging his effort back inside the qpr defender and beyond the reach of a wrong-footed green . austin salutes the travelling rangers supporters inside villa park but they were n't able to cling on to the points . but benteke 's wonder free-kick , much like jason puncheon 's on monday night , meant villa came away with a point . benteke ca n't conceal his delight at completing his hat-trick and rescuing a point in the 83rd minute . good friends chris ramsey ( left ) and sherwood know each other well and were going head-to-head in the dugout for the first time . former villa striker stan collymore could n't hit his elation in the press box after benteke knocked in his second of the goal . sherwood urges the supporters packed inside villa park to up the ante as they looked to move clear of trouble . charlie austin vies for possession with kieran richardson during an intense and entertaining first half . niko kranjcar attempts to get qpr back in the game but could n't steer his effort beyond the american guzan . villa park looked a picture on tuesday night as the two relegation battlers went head-to-head in birmingham . sherwood said ramsey was one of the finest coaches he had worked with and he certainly impressed here . he had seen how his forwards had been starved of service in the first half and responded after six minutes of the second by making two substitutions . it had the desired effect , hill equalising four minutes later ; punishment for what appeared to be bacuna 's failure to stay with his man . austin 's goal – his 17th in the premier league this season - would be a further source of concern , even if benteke did then level for a second time with a wonderful free-kick that beat green via the inside of a post . are they man enough ? only time will tell .