raheem sterling may hold all the cards in his contract dispute with liverpool , but he needs to focus on his football rather than his pay-packet , according to former qpr boss harry redknapp . redknapp insisted that sterling is not ready to move to the likes of real madrid at this stage of his career , so should stay at the club who have helped him develop so far . however , the 68-year-old also conceded that , if he wants to force a move , there is very little liverpool can do to stop him . raheem sterling should focus on his football rather than his contract according to harry redknapp . sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . ' sterling is not going to go to real madrid at the moment i would n't think , so where could he go better in england ? ' said redknapp while working as a pundit for bt sport . ' i think he 's at a great club , he 's working under a manger who obviously works hard with him on the training ground , eh 's improved him . i think he needs to sign his contract and get on with his football . ' it 's very hard to keep players who really make up their mind they want to leave . ' ' when they want to go , they 've got all the power . if he decides to down tools , they 've got a problem . ' the 20-year-old gave an interview to the bbc on wednesday giving his reasons for his decision . brendan rodgers insists that his relationship with sterling is as strong as ever despite the disputes . harry redknapp made the comments while working as a pundit for bt sport on saturday . the last liverpool player to run down his contract and leave for real madrid , steve mcmanaman , branded sterling 's behaviour ' ridiculous ' and ' baffling ' and suggested the player has been poorly advised . ' i think it 's ridiculous and you have to remember he 's only a 20-year-old boy , starting off his career , ' said mcmanaman . the people who are trying to guide him through his life have been ill-informed really . he 's now put himself under a huge amount of pressure , and he should n't have . sterling ( right ) has confirmed that he rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at liverpool . ' you do n't want to discuss your contract and leave it to the end of the season . do n't go and do an interview talking about your contract . it 's baffling , absolutely baffling . ' ' i think he wants to stay at liverpool it 's just about getting the best deal off the club . you ca n't just play great football for one year and suddenly think you 're the best player in the world . ' 