an italian woman accused of carrying out acid attacks on her ex-boyfriends was desperate to ' purge ' her previous relationships , a milan court heard . martina levato and her german boyfriend alexander boettcher , 30 , planned to throw ' corrosive liquid ' at men she had previously been linked to even if just by a kiss , it was claimed . the 23-year-old , who was reportedly a student at milan 's private bocconi university , also tried to castrate a man 's genitals while in his car in may 2014 , prosecutors alleged . martina levato ( left ) and her german boyfriend alexander boettcher ( right ) , 30 , wanted to ' purge ' her previous relationships by assaulting men she had previously been linked to , a milan court heard . the couple was detained on december 28 last year on suspicion of throwing acid on the face and body of her ex-boyfriend pietro barbini . the 22-year-old was left with third-degree burns and damage to his right eye . the court heard levato said she would ' do something bad ' for property broker boettcher , who asked her to draw up a list of ex-boyfriends . one of their plans included travelling to london in january to carry out an attack on a man that flirted with levato in ibiza , the investigating judge giuseppe gennari said . one of their plans included travelling to london in january to carry out an attack on a man that flirted with levato in ibiza , the investigating judge said . investigators also explored the possibility that levato and boettcher had attempted similar attacks against other people , including one man - named only as g.c . - who managed to dodge the acid . the couple bought paint guns , pepper spray and ' corrosive liquid ' ahead of their arrest , it was revealed . their alleged accomplice andrea magnani , 32 , was arrested in february and also faces charges . mr gennari added the attacks were ' frighteningly extreme ' and said there was a high chance levato would offend again if released . the pair were given fresh detention orders .