the february afternoon we arrived in adelaide , the mercury was whizzing up to a sizzling 46c and the south australian city was the hottest place on the planet . the temperature had climbed above 40c for a whole week and even the aussies were struggling . appropriately , friends took us out that evening to dine in one of the city 's hottest restaurants - celsius ! luckily , it was air-conditioned and served phenomenal food . we especially appreciated the peanut butter and popcorn ice cream . but adelaide that week was also hot for other reasons . it was the cycling mecca of the world , with 20 teams of lycra-clad pros and their supporters tearing up the roads and hanging out in coffee bars . sian lloyd enjoys a glass of clare valley riesling at skillogalee winery north of adelaide in south australia . sian meets team sky’s geraint thomas ( centre ) and sir chris hoy ( right ) at the start of the tour down under . sian takes a ride ahead of the tour down under in adelaide ( left ) and meets a bouncy local kangaroo . the tour down under is a big part of the international cycling season and contributes more to the south australian economy than the f1 grand prix ( formerly adelaide-based , now in melbourne ) ever did . not only was the launch night atmosphere electric , but it was great to catch up with our pals sir chris hoy and team sky 's geraint thomas . we also rubbed shoulders with the indian cricket team . howzat ! we were staying at the adina apartment hotel , the former treasury building , where the old tunnels and cabinet rooms can still be seen . the beatles hid here to evade fans back in 1964 . breakfast was served in the lovely oasis of the serene central courtyard , a delightful start to the day . the hotel is conveniently just round the corner from the splendid central market . a trip here is enough to convince anyone that adelaide is the true food capital of australia . and bearing in mind that some of the best wine is made within an hour 's drive of the city , from the barossa valley to mclaren vale , you feel very indulged . adelaide is a much softer city than sydney . it has charm , colonial history , sophistication and space to breathe . it 's not called the city of roses for nothing - there are lots of perfumed parks as well as wide boulevards . a wisteria arch in the adelaide botanic gardens , south australia , one of the city 's beautiful gardens . a trip to adelaide 's central market is enough to convince us that adelaide is the true food capital of australia . adelaide is a softer city than sydney . it has charm , colonial history , sophistication and space to breathe . most beaches are half an hour away , but being creatures of habit , we always head for the adelaide hills and the foodie haven of hahndorf . here we lunch on superb venison pasta and salted caramel crepes at a quaint old cottage called the white house . we then do a bit of wine-tasting in the scenic hills and lovely mclaren vale , arriving at the classy currant shed in time for supper . set in a lime grove and bordered by vineyards , this is my husband 's favourite restaurant in the world . i 've had a thing about cycling the clare valley riesling trail for some time . indeed , part of the reason for coming to sunny south australia was to tick it off my bucket list . so early one morning we drove 90 minutes north of adelaide , picked up our bikes from riesling trail bike hire and cycled along a 15-mile-long disused railway , snaking past vineyards and cellar doors . the gradients were gentle , the information boards fascinating and the tongue-tingling rieslings superb . we then treated ourselves to lunch at skillogalee winery , sat under a beautiful old olive tree and overlooking valleys lined with vines . the historic town of hahndorf , settled by germans near adelaide , is a true blue foodie haven . the bright green of the vineyards of mclaren vale , a popular wine regions close to adelaide . north of clare is where the outback truly begins . and that 's where we were heading - to the rugged flinders ranges mountains . it took three hours to drive to the majestic range , the largest in south australia . the flinders have a stark beauty - the light on the rocks , the vegetation , the bouncing kangaroos , all make you feel as if you 're a million miles from civilisation . we stayed at arkaba station , a 60,000-acre sheep ranch , from where we did incredible guided walks , taking in the sights , sounds and smells of this astounding wild terrain . if you want to do the flinders in understated luxury , this is the way to do it . think cream and wood with cashmere blankets , scenic vistas , 4x4 wildlife trips , wonderful meals and languid cocktails at sunset . a view across arkaba station to wilpena pound in the flinders ranges , where the outback truly starts . luxury accommodation at arkaba station , a 60,000-acre sheep ranch and the perfect base to go exploring . sian found the scale of the machinery mind-blowing in kalgoorlie 's gold mine ' super pit ' . and so to my husband 's bucket list . having travelled on the glorious ghan from darwin to adelaide last year , and enjoyed every magical minute , he was determined to travel on its sister train , the indian pacific , from adelaide to perth . frankly , i ca n't think of any better way of seeing australia . you are treated like royalty , the food is outstanding and the huge views of this beautiful , baked continent are breathtaking . two nights of cruising overland in air-conditioned splendour - it worked for me ! as did the stop-offs , first at the outback ghost town of cook and finally at floodlit kalgoorlie , the biggest open-cast gold mine in the country . the size and scale of the super pit and machinery were mindblowing . the same goes for the nullarbor plain which has hardly changed in millions of years . we crossed it on the longest stretch of straight rail track on earth - 297 miles without a hint of a curve . we arrived at the indian pacific terminal in perth as fresh as daisies , and drove the three hours to margaret river without stopping . but this is where we realised we 'd made a big mistake . this was our first visit to western australia and to tag it on to the end of our holiday just did not do the region justice . the unique mining town of kalgoorlie is home to australia 's biggest over-cast gold mine . sister train of the north to south ghan , the indian pacific takes passengers from adelaide to perth . from the first step we took on the cape to cape explorer walk with our guide we knew we 'd found exactly what we wanted . the landscape spelt out australia . the views of turquoise bays and stretches of white sand , dotted with surfers , were postcard-perfect . behind the beautiful margaret river coastline , there are mysterious forests and caves . there 's even a lighthouse where two mighty oceans meet . and then there are vineyards ... in less than 50 years , margaret river has become one of the world 's greatest wine regions , gaining accolades galore for its cabernet sauvignons and chardonnays . not only are you spoilt for choice for wines , but the food is up there with the best . stand-out meals were the amazing breakfast at the luxury boutique hotel cape lodge , the special lunch hosted by the owners of leeuwin estate and the dreamy duck curry in the beautiful setting of aravina estate . the stunning coastline of the margaret river , which is also one of the world 's great wine regions . a special lunch was enjoyed with the owners of leeuwin estate in the revered margaret river region . and how about sipping world famous cullen red wine at the cellar door in the evening sunshine ? this is the stuff memories are made of . we fell in love with margaret river . our last two nights were spent in a gorgeous villa at injidup spa retreat , a peaceful paradise overlooking the indian ocean . it was such a stunning spot , and we were so relaxed after our massages , that we did not want to go out for dinner . instead , we ordered hampers of local food from lamonts deli , along with bars of the local bahen & co almond & sea salt chocolate , and ate splendidly at sunset on our terrace . we toasted the sun , sand and surf and vowed to come back . austravel ( 0800 988 4834 ) offers a 12-day trip to south and western australia from £2,415pp . this includes car hire , four nights at the adina apartments in adelaide , two nights at the arkaba homestead in flinders ranges , two nights ' full-board on the indian pacific from adelaide perth ( gold service ) and three nights at the cape lodge , margaret river . flights are extra . emirates ( 0844 800 2777 ) offers flights from gatwick to adelaide returning from perth from £973pp . for further information visit australia.com , southaustralia.com and westernaustralia.com . 