house prices across the uk will rise at a fraction of last year’s frenetic pace , forecasts show . property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent over the next 12 months . london will fare the worst , with prices actually dropping by 3.6 per cent over the next year , it is claimed . it follows last year’s record price hike of 17.4 per cent in the capital . economists said that the housing market had ‘ got ahead of itself’ last year and would assume a much more leisurely pace in 2015 . scroll down for video . forecasts show house prices across the uk will rise at a fraction of last year’s frenetic pace . file photo . annual price growth across the country will then gradually accelerate again over the next five years , hitting 4 per cent by 2020 . this year will be the first since 2009 that the uk as a whole out-performs london , according to the centre for economics and business research . this is because while prices in the capital stagnate , the housing market is still performing well in the east and south-east , and parts of the midlands and north of england . but the cebr said this victory for the provinces would be short-lived , since the london market will also recover in 2016 . prices there are set to rise by 2.7 per cent next year , above the national average of 2.3 per cent . london homes will also suffer no more price falls in the foreseeable future – and are forecast to see annual growth of an estimated 4.7 per cent by 2020 . the predictions from economists at the think-tank were upgraded from their forecast in january , when they suggested average prices would fall this year . they said that radical changes to stamp duty had given the market a boost . in recent years many britons had been deterred from moving home for fear of the punitive tax on house purchases . the tax was charged on the whole value of a property and successive governments had failed to increase thresholds , trapping growing numbers of families above a £125,000 threshold . london will fare the worst , with prices actually dropping by 3.6 per cent over the next year . file photo . but , in december , the coalition overhauled the system , replacing the unfair ‘slab’ structure with gradually increasing rates , which cut tax bills for the vast majority of movers . economist scott corfe , of the cebr , said : ‘ house price growth in the uk will rise much slower than last year – but it will still be positive . ‘ the market got a bit ahead of itself last year , and at the end of 2014 it began slowing down and plateaued . ‘ it has now started to pick up again outside london . we are still not building enough houses to keep pace with population growth so , as long as we have a shortage of supply , prices will keep rising . ‘ house prices will continue to grow faster than inflation . ’ it was a different story in london , however , where he said interest from overseas buyers had dwindled , pushing down prices . while the stamp duty changes meant lower bills for the majority , those buying million-pound homes have been hit by higher rates – deterring international investors and many wealthy londoners . mr corfe said : ‘ stamp duty reform , as well as the depreciation of the euro against the pound – making london more expensive for european buyers – has affected prices in the capital . ‘ uncertainty around the general election and fears of a mansion tax [ under labour’s plans ] may have also driven down demand since the start of the year . ’ 