former pub landlord michael thorpe has had his conviction for illegally showing foreign footage of premier league games overturned after eight years . a pub landlord convicted of showing premier league football matches on foreign tv channels has won an eight-year legal battle to clear his name . michael thorpe says he has paid a heavy price for the lengthy fight to get his conviction quashed and has lost his pub as a result . mr thorpe , 55 , was convicted of showing a premier league game without having an agreement with official broadcasters in november 2006 at the stoke inn in plymouth , devon . he said he could not afford to pay sky tv 's rates for football matches , and opted instead to show albanian transmissions of matches , which he says he thought was legal . but he was convicted , fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago , when screening the matches was still treated as a criminal offence . judge recorder nicolas gerasimidis has now upheld his appeal and overturned the conviction following a landmark european court ruling . his appeal took so long as he had to launch the case after the european court of justice found enforcing previous rules was anti-competitive . mr thorpe said he was ' overwhelmed ' that a judge and magistrates had upheld his appeal after all this time . but it is a bitter-sweet victory , as the long-running dispute cost him his business and his livelihood . he said : ' we put a lot of money into that pub and it went from a thriving business to absolutely zero . people stopped coming to the pub , it cost me my business . ' mr thorpe launched an appeal against his conviction soon after his trial , but the case was delayed by a similar test case which went as far as the european court of justice . the court ruled that having an exclusive system was a restraint of free trade and contrary to european law . but the landlord says the court action has seen him lose the stoke inn in plymouth which he used to run . mr thorpe 's appeal was further delayed until another case involving media protection services ltd , the company which took him to court on behalf of the premier league , but which no longer does so . mr thorpe was awarded his legal costs , which he paid privately , but he would not disclose the sum . the european court decision in 2012 cleared a landlady of a criminal conviction , but judges left the door open for court action against publicans by ruling pubs should get permission from the copyright owner before screening matches . the premier league has since been taking landlords to civil courts for breaching copyright , with some ordered to pay up to £65,000 in costs . the league sends teams of investigators to pubs around the country to try and catch those screening games illegally . legal cases have been brought against 250 bars and pubs during the current football season . he said he does not know whether he can retrieve the £1,000 fine and £1,500 costs ordered by the magistrates . despite the decision , the premier league has insisted pubs still can not show foreign-tv footage of its games . since the european court decision , it is taking landlords to civil courts and suing them using copyright laws , which were not affected by the previous ruling . in 2012 , pub karen murphy landlady won a landmark legal battle to overturn her conviction for using foreign decoders instead of sky to show premier league football matches . ms murphy , who ran the red , white and blue pub in portsmouth , hampshire , bought games through a greek satellite broadcaster nova for £800 a year instead of sky , which was then priced at £700-a-month . the premier league took legal action against her mrs murphy and she was fined £8,000 for dishonest reception of a television reception in 2006 . but a european court of justice ruling said having an exclusive system of tv rights was contrary to eu law and the high court overturned her conviction . a recent investigation by trade publication , the morning advertiser , quoted a pub landlord saying sky sports cost him £16,000-a-year , compared to the £300-per-year of screening it illegally . the decision came after portsmouth landlady karen murphy won a european court battle over her conviction . despite the ruling , the premier league can still take pub owners to civil courts over breach of copyright .  