right now , you may feel that you know the inside of david cameron’s kitchens – yes , both of them – better than your own . two weeks ago the prime minister let the bbc film him preparing lunch at his home in his oxfordshire constituency . then this weekend it was the no 10 kitchen that was the focus of attention as he made a pitch for the family vote by being pictured at breakfast with wife samantha and their three children . scroll down for video . breakfast time : david and samantha cameron talk to their nine-year-old son elwen in tonight’s itv film . making a point : mr cameron chats with his children over the no 10 breakfast table during the itv show . and tonight you can see the downing street kitchen all over again as they once more gather round the breakfast table ( white marble and costing £750 ) , this time for the cameras of itv news . when he invited the bbc film crew into his constituency kitchen , mr cameron blundered into a row after admitting he did not want a third term as prime minister . this time round , he may have thought he was on safer ground being questioned by his own family over the no 10 breakfast table . but the chat showed them teasing the prime minister after he appeared to confuse the disney film frozen for a book . he asked his four-year-old daughter florence about her fairy costume for world book day , adding : ‘ why are you not going as elsa [ from frozen ] ? that’s what i want to know . ’ his wife samantha answered , saying : ‘ because it’s not a book . ’ the pm laughed awkwardly before attempting to change the subject , asking : ‘ anyway , have you got some interesting views on school food ? ’ one of his older children replied bluntly : ‘it’s absolutely disgusting . i brought in a chip that was half green . ’ mr cameron has previously said he shares the irritation of many parents at hearing the song let it go from frozen sung too many times . access all areas : the camerons are joined by itv news political editor tom bradby ( right ) during the show . phenomenon : during the show , mr cameron is teased for appearing to confuse disney film frozen for a book . earlier this year he said florence regularly ‘ launches into song’ in front of his security guards . he said : ‘ i don’t know all the words but i have listened to it being sung more times than i care to remember . ’ mr cameron was filmed at home with his family for an itv profile due to be aired tonight , although his children’s faces were not shown on camera . his wife said the breakfast-time teasing was typical of the way the prime minister’s family keep him ‘grounded’ , saying : ‘ they take the mick all day long . ’ she said oldest daughter nancy , 11 , and son elwen , nine , had also teased their sister as ‘ really uncool’ after she came home from school saying : ‘ my daddy is the prime minister . ’ mrs cameron said florence later told her grandmother : ‘don’t tell anyone but my daddy’s the prime minister . ’ in the interview with itv news political editor tom bradby , mr cameron also spoke frankly about the death of the couple’s disabled son ivan . humble : samantha cameron told the itv show that the family often teased the prime minister over breakfast as a way of keeping him ‘grounded’ . she said : ‘ they take the mick all day long ' . caring : david cameron took a break from the campaign trail on saturday to feed a newborn lamb in witney . he said : ‘it’s everyone’s dread to lose a child . you lose someone you love so much , so young . it does hit you like nothing else and there is a bit of you that thinks , well if you can face that sort of challenge in your life , then it puts everything else into perspective . ’ mr cameron was also asked about his background . he said : ‘ i went to a very posh school , i had a very privileged upbringing with parents who were incredibly loving and brilliant . i’ve never tried to hide that , i’m not going to change my accent or talk in a different way . ’ spotlight – david cameron : tonight will be broadcast on itv at 7.30pm . 