ethiopian airlines passengers were forced to endure a frustrating experience when their plane had to divert to mumbai’s primary airport twice on the same day . indian media reported that the boeing 777-300er first diverted to chhatrapati shivaji international airport to refuel about eight hours into its flight from southern china to addis ababa . after topping up it departed for bole international airport in the ethiopian capital , but was forced to return after the flight crew declared an emergency shortly after take-off . a 10-hour flight turned into a lengthy delay as an ethiopian airlines plane diverted twice to mumbai . flight et607 was carrying 283 passengers and 14 crew members from guangzhou , china when it had to change course and refuel in mumbai at about 4:15am local time yesterday . the twin-engine plane departed for ethiopia at 7:30am , but was forced to turn back as it flew over the arabian sea . it made an emergency landing in mumbai due to engine trouble , mid-day reported . the plane was taken out of service for an inspection and any necessary repairs , meaning passengers were forced to disembark and enter the airport terminal . after stopping to refuel the boeing 777-300er , travelling from guangzhou , china , departed for addis ababa . the plane turned around over the arabian sea and returned due to engine trouble , indian media reported . they had to go through customs before being transferred to a hotel approximately 12 hours after their original departure , mid-day reported . the flight to addis ababa was supposed to arrive in a little more than 10 hours without any stops . mailonline travel has contacted ethiopian airlines for comment . the flight diversions occurred just days after the state-owned carrier was named one of the world’s most reliable airlines . travel website wanderbrat put ethiopian airlines sixth on its list , with qatar airways claiming top spot thanks to its flight punctuality , modern fleet and minimal surcharges for passengers .