matthew kenney smoked flakka and then ran naked . a florida man who was high on a designer drug called flakka stripped and ran naked through traffic in fort lauderdale to escape from imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him . matthew kenney , 34 , told police he smoked flakka before he streaked though traffic early on saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers . flakka , which can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other substances , has been nicknamed ' $ 5 insanity ' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost . after he was arrested , kenney told police he would ' rather die than be caught by these unknown people ' , the sun sentinel reported . he added that ' if i got hit by a car they would stop chasing me' according to a fort lauderdale police reported . kenney has previous arrests for disorderly conduct , making a riot and possession of a controlled substance . he was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation . flakka is usually made from the chemical alpha-pvp , a synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone . that is the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts . scroll down for video . kenney , 34 , ran though traffic early on saturday evening while only wearing sneakers in fort lauderdale , florida . the suspect said he was escaping imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him . the use of flakka a designer drug that can be even stronger than crystal meth or bath salts , is up in florida . flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a a strong odor ' like a sweaty sock ' , wpbf 25 news reported . once ingested , the drug causes a feeling of euphoria , hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or even superhuman strength . the high lasts for a couple hours and users are left with a strong desire to use again . there were more than 670 flakka occurrences in florida in 2014 , up from 85 in 2012 and zero in 2010 , according to the drug enforcement administration .