a 17-year-old boy who was shot dead from behind by a police officer had just stolen a handgun , according to the police department in question . justus howell was gunned down from behind by an officer in zion , illinois on saturday afternoon after officers were called to reports of an argument . the chief of the zion police department has now said that the argument was in fact a scuffle over a handgun - during which the firearm went off and howell allegedly pointed it at another teenager . killed : justus howell , 17 , was shot twice in the back by police in zion , illinois , on saturday afternoon . ' stole a handgun ' : police say that howell had just taken a weapon from tramond peet , 18 , who was trying to sell it to him . steve dumyahn said howell was struggling over a gun with tramond peet , 18 , and started running when police showed up . peet told officers he met howell with the intention of selling him the gun - but howell tried to snatch it without paying . he then claimed the two tussled over the weapon , which was fired into the ground . at one point , he said , howell was pointing it at him . peet told investigators that he let go of the gun when he heard sirens . he said howell ran and that he heard officers shouting instructions , then opening fire . an autopsy on howell revealed that he was hit by two bullets , both from behind . aftermath : investigators are pictured above at the scene of the shooting , which took place around 2pm . one his his left side and penetrated his heart , spleen and liver . the second hit him on the right side of his back . tests to see whether there were drugs in howell 's body are not finished yet . in the wake of his death , howell 's mother latoya told fox news her son ' could n't have been a threat ' . she said : ' justus was a young man murdered by zion police ' . ' as he was fleeing from police , they killed my son . he could n't have been a threat if he was running . ' peet appeared in court monday on two counts of aggravated unlawful use of a weapon . he is being held on a $ 15,000 bond . dumyahn said the zion police department was releasing the narrative from the shooting because media outlets had linked peet 's case to the shooting . he said the department has ' no desire to defame the deceased ' . courts : peet appeared in court monday charged with two counts of aggravated unlawful use of a weapon . claim : zion police chief steve dumyahn said the department had ' no desire to defame ' howell , but released the details because media outlets realized his case and peet 's are connected . dumyahn said the officer who shot howell is a nine-year veteran , and is now on administrative leave . he did not release the officer 's name or any additional information about him , including his race . lake county naacp president jennifer witherspoon said his relatives have asked her organization to speak on their behalf . witherspoon said authorities told the naacp that they have videotape of the scuffle between peet and howell but ca n't yet say what led the officer to shoot howell . she said howell 's relatives are hoping to find out exactly what happened as quickly as possible . she said : ' whether it was a mistake on his part or a mistake on the police 's part , they want answers to make sure something like this never happens again ' . howell 's death is the latest in a series of unarmed black men being killed by police officers - the most high-profile example of which was the death of michael brown at the hands of darren wilson in ferguson , missouri . witherspoon added : ' here in america we are seeing this with too many brown and black boys . ' zion is a community of about 24,000 people along lake michigan , 45 miles north of chicago , near illinois ' border with wisconsin . howell was a high school junior who transferred from a school in wisconsin to waukegan public school district 60 . 