deborah fuller has been banned from keeping animals after she dragged her dog behind her car , causing wounds as she drove at 30mph . a dog breeder and exhibitor who dragged her pet behind her car at a speed of 30mph and failed to get painful wounds to its paws and chest treated , has been banned from keeping animals and had her dogs confiscated . deborah fuller , 56 , dragged her dog tango for 400 metres behind her car as she drove along the b1066 near long melford , essex . the rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws as well as grazing to his chest and a deep wound on his elbow . he is believed to have somehow escaped from the boot of her car and was dragged along the single carriageway because his lead was attached to the vehicle 's tailgate . fuller , of lawford , essex , denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal by not taking it to the vets and failing to take steps to safely secure a dog within a vehicle , but was convicted following a hearing at chelmsford magistrates ' court . fuller has also been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated . chairman of the bench anthony ealden said if tango had been taken to the vet earlier ' unnecessary suffering ' could have been avoided . he said : ' we believe for whatever reason , known only to yourself , you had no intention of getting veterinary treatment as a matter of urgency . ' we do not accept your reason for delaying treatment as reasonable . ' the incident took place on june 11 , 2014 , when the dog was seen being dragged along the b1006 behind the car . tree surgeons working nearby spotted what had happened and tried to get fuller , who is a rhodesian ridgeback breeder and exhibitor , to stop her car . she did n't stop until she reached the end of the carriageway and they took her registration number and reported her to police who called the rspca , the court heard . tango was later found by inspectors in an outbuilding at fuller 's home with bandages on his paws . he was taken to a vet and given treatment for his injuries , which took eight weeks . tango was left with considerable injuries to his paws and stomach , as well as a deep elbow wound . tango , a rhodesian ridgeback , pictured before being injured by being dragged along the road . fuller claimed she had not been aware the rear hatch of her car had opened and claimed she had given the one-year-old dog first aid , and had already arranged for him to go to the vet when police turned up . mike fullerton , defending fuller , said : ' when deborah fuller was being restrained she asked why she was not allowed to take the dog to the vet . ' rspca inspector sam garvey said after the sentencing : ' eyewitnesses report they saw the dog being dragged about 400 metres at a speed of 30mph . ' this must have been horrific for poor tango . so painful , and so distressing . ' it is hard to say what caused tango to be dragged behind a moving car in this way , but by the time we found him , seven hours later , he was urgently in need of vet treatment . the animal was taken to the vets and treated for the burns , suffered when he was dragged along the road . judges ruled that the dog 's suffering could have been avoided if fuller had taken him to the vets earlier . ' he had injuries to the pads of all four feet , causing the black layer of skin to be removed . he also had grazing to his chest area and a nasty deep wound to his elbow and leg area . ' it took a period of eight weeks to heal the wounds and for his skin to grow back over his pads so he could walk without discomfort . ' fuller was also ordered to pay £3,000 costs , given a 12 month community order and a two month curfew from 7pm to 7am . tango was taken to a vet for treatment after being found and has made a full recovery in foster care . the court also allowed confiscation of all the animals owned by fuller , which are currently in rspca care . tango was removed from fuller , along with more than 40 other dogs that were at her essex home . fuller and her partner phil sheldrake , 59 , previously pleaded guilty to 16 charges of causing unnecessary suffering and failing to meet the dogs ' needs at colchester magistrates court in june . earlier this month the case was thrown out after the high court ruled that inspectors did have the correct warrant to seize 44 dogs from their essex home . tendring district council had been granted a warrant to investigate ' nuisance ' at the house , following complaints about noise and dog faeces . the council joined forces with the rspca and seized 44 dogs from the house , with the animal welfare charity claiming several of the animals were emaciated . however the trial was halted when district judge kenneth sheraton said evidence gathered by inspectors was inadmissible because they did not have the correct warrant .  