britain is likely to face a second election shortly after may 7 because of a knife-edge outcome , political experts have warned . the likelihood of another coalition lasting five years has been dismissed as miniscule by a leading academic . a second election swiftly after polling day is ' extremely likely ' , professor paul whiteley of the university of essex said . britain is likely to face a second election shortly after may 7 because of a knife-edge outcome , political experts have warned . ' i do n't see another coalition government lasting five years , ' he said at a briefing by polling experts on the latest election forecasts . other experts also warned that a ' messy and unstable ' left-wing alliance was likely to be in power even if the conservatives won more seats or a greater share of the vote . mr whiteley predicted a repeat of the disastrous left-wing lib-lib pact of the 1970s . it ended with labour prime minister james callaghan losing a vote of no confidence . ' that was not very successful . it had to go to the imf for a bail out and there were huge industrial problems . ' the disastrous pact led to the rise of margaret thatcher and the tories held on to power for another 18 years . experts said the likeliest outcome at the general election would be the conservatives winning the most votes , but a left-wing alliance forming to keep them out of power . oxford academic stephen fisher said there was a high chance labour would form either a minority government or coalition with the help of the snp , liberal democrats , greens or other minor parties . there was ' only a 42 per cent chance of a conservative-led government , even though there is a two-thirds chance of the tories being the largest party , on votes or seats . ' he added : ' the single most likely outcome is…a seriously hung parliament with the conservatives as clearly the largest party but a majority on the left , including the snp and liberal democrats . ' david cameron answers questions from 02 employees in leeds this afternoon ahead tonight 's ' challengers ' television debate . labour leader ed miliband addresses supporters during a visit to crouch end in north london this morning . this would be a ' messy and unstable situation ' and it was ' not clear that this diverse group of parties would be able to sustain a stable government ' . the conservatives would probably turn to the dup first and then the lib dems to try and form a government but they were still likely to be short of a majority , he added . the snp 's surge in scotland was likely to be hugely damaging for labour but ed miliband could still walk into number 10 propped up by an alliance of left-leaning parties . a massive landslide to the snp was inevitable , with the party winning at worst six times more seats than it currently holds or at best nine times more . labour 's disastrous performance in the scottish polls could mean the party only has one safe seat : the glasgow seat of willie bain . john curtice , professor of politics at strathclyde university , said the snp vote surge was nothing new . some 45 per cent of scots had voted for the snp in the 2011 scottish parliamentary elections , 45 per cent voted in favour of independence during last year 's scottish referendum and the polls were now showing 45 per cent supported the snp . but for the first time scottish voters were voting the same way at a westminster election as they would for the scottish parliament .