two strange , bright flashes on the surface of dwarf planet ceres may have different origins , according to new infrared images released by nasa . the images , captured by the dawn probe from 28,000 miles ( 45,000km ) away , show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties . the images were revealed as part of the first colour map of ceres , showing variations in surface materials , and revealing the diverse processes that helped shape it . scroll down for video . ceres may appear to be a drab , grey world , but new infrared images suggest there is more to the dwarf planet than first thought . the latest images are the closest taken yet , and suggest that the icy body was likely once fully active . images taken using blue ( 440 nanometers ) , green ( 550 nanometers ) and infrared ( 920 nanometers ) spectral filters were combined to create the map . ' this dwarf planet was not just an inert rock throughout its history . it was active , with processes that resulted in different materials in different regions , ' said chris russell from the university of california , los angeles . the ' alien ' spots on the surface , named feature 1 and feature 5 , show up in visible light images as bright flashes in comparison to the rest of ceres 's surface . in infrared , region 1 is cooler than rest of surface , but 5 is located in a region that is similar in temperature to surroundings . last month , scientists said this pair of mysterious bright spots could be towering ' water volcanoes ' , but they said they need to take a closer look to confirm this . federico tosi , who works on dawn 's visible and infrared spectrometer , presented infrared images of the two spots , measuring their thermal properties . ' what we have found is that bright spot number one corresponds to a dark spot in the thermal image , ' he said at a press conference today . captured by the dawn probe from 28,000 miles ( 45,000km ) away , the images reveal that two mysterious bright flashes on the surface have different thermal properties . the upper trio is region 1 at visible , infrared and thermal infrared wavelengths . at thermal infrared , the spot is dark - meaning it is colder than its surroundings . the lower trio represent region 5 . in thermal infrared , the spot disappears . dawn observed ceres completing one full rotation , which lasted about nine hours . the images show the full range of different crater shapes that can be found at ceres ' surface : from shallow , flattish craters to those with peaks at their centers . ceres is the closest dwarf planet to the sun and is located in the asteroid belt , making it the only dwarf planet in the inner solar system . ceres is the smallest of the bodies currently classified as a ' dwarf planet ' . scientists think ceres may have an ocean and possibly an atmosphere . it lies less than three times as far as earth from the sun - close enough to feel the warmth of the star allowing ice to melt and reform . the dawn spacecraft pulled into orbit last month around the ceres in the asteroid belt . the probe is currently on the dark side of ceres and wo n't emerge until april . there is high interest in the mission because ceres is one possible destination for human colonisation given its abundance of ice . but feature five , which appears as two separate bright spots next to each other in visible images , did n't show up in the infrared images . ' spot number five shows no distinct thermal behaviour , ' he said . dawn is currently too far from its target to find out why this is the case , the scientists added . it may be due to having a different structure , or being made from different material . more detail will emerge after the spacecraft begins its first intensive science phase on april 23 , from a distance of 8,400 miles ( 13,500km ) from the surface , said martin hoffmann , investigator on the dawn camera team . the origins of ceres ' bright spots , which have captivated the attention of scientists and the public alike , remain unknown . ' the bright spots continue to fascinate the science team , but we will have to wait until we get closer and are able to resolve them before we can determine their source , ' russell said . recent images from the dawn spacecraft reveal feature 5 at various angles as the asteroid rotates . the glimmers of light are visible even when they are near the edge of ceres , suggesting that they must be high above the surface rather than at the bottom of an impact crater , as previously believed . ' what is amazing is that you can see the feature while the rim is still in the line of sight , ' said andreas nathues , a planetary scientist at the max planck institute for solar system research in göttingen , germany . ceres rotates in this sped-up movie comprised of images taken by nasa 's dawn mission during its approach to the dwarf planet . the glimmers of light are visible even when they are near the edge of ceres , suggesting that are on a high elevation in relation to the rest of the surface . the ' alien ' mark can be clearly seen in images the icy world as the dawn probe hurtled its way towards a rendezvous on march 6 . he noted that at dawn on ceres , the spots shine brightly , but fade as dusk draws in . according to nature , this could mean sunlight plays an important role in the formation of the features by , for instance , heating up ice just beneath the surface and causing it blast of in a plume . scientists have speculated that the interior of ceres is rocky with a layer of water and ice . the leading theory now for the alien spots is that the ice is covered by a thin layer of soil that at times forms into huge ' cryovolcanoes ' due to internal pressure in the asteroid . ceres is 590 miles ( 950 km ) across and was discovered in 1801 . in january , researchers discovered that water was gushing from its surface at a rate of 13lb ( 6kg ) per second . ' now , finally , we have a spacecraft on the verge of unveiling this mysterious , alien world , ' dawn mission director and chief engineer marc rayman , of nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , california said . ' soon it will reveal myriad secrets ceres has held since the dawn of the solar system . ' ceres is the bright spot in the centre of the image . because the dwarf planet is much brighter than the stars in the background , the camera team selected a long exposure time to make the stars visible . the long exposure made ceres appear overexposed , and exaggerated its size a cropped , magnified view of ceres appears in the inset image at lower left . dawn will be captured into ceres ' orbit in march , marking the first visit to a dwarf planet by a spacecraft ( artist 's impression pictured ) . ceres orbits the sun in the asteroid belt between mars and jupiter and is very similar to jupiter 's moon europa and saturn 's moon enceladus - both considered potential sources for harbouring life . the presence and abundance of water in bodies like ceres could have relevance for the origin of life on earth and the large-scale migration of planets such as jupiter . one scenario suggests as the giant planets migrated they disturbed populations of small rocky and icy asteroids and comets which hit the early earth and moon - delivering organic molecules and water to earth . ceres is twice the size of saturn 's geyser-spouting moon enceladus which is suspected of having liquid water beneath its surface . it lies less than three times as far as earth from the sun - close enough to feel the warmth of the star allowing ice to melt and reform . since launching in 2007 , dawn has already visited vesta , a giant protoplanet currently located 104 million miles ( 168 million km ) away from ceres . the distance between vesta and ceres is greater than the distance between the earth and the sun . during its 14 months in orbit around vesta , the spacecraft delivered unprecedented scientific insights , including images of its cratered surface and important clues about its geological history . vesta and ceres are the two most massive bodies in the main asteroid belt . ceres is 590 miles ( 950 km ) across and was discovered in 1801 . in january , researchers discovered that water was gushing from its surface . 