over the years i’ve been lucky enough to play with a lot of accomplished women golfers , including two former world no 1 's in lorena ochoa and laura davies . but none of these encounters prepared me for playing 18 holes with charley hull , the best teenage golfer in britain . suffice to say : i knew she was good but i didn’t appreciate she was so damn good . the venue was turnberry and a media day for the ricoh women’s british open in july . the sun was shining , ailsa craig was shimmering in the distance and hull put on a shot-making clinic . charley hull can make it to the very top of the women 's game if she carries on her progression . teenager hull possesses the same ‘wow’ factor as world no 1 rory mcilroy ( below ) . one of the nice things for me about playing golf with the women pros is we usually hit the ball about the same length . not on this day . hull hit drives that pitched past mine . she positively exudes the ‘wow’ factor rory mcilroy had at the same age . like rory , she’s also easy company . normally the way these things work is for the journalist to kick start conversations but hull asked more questions than i did . she wanted to know everything about the course , from the historic role of the celebrated lighthouse to the war memorial that offers sober reflection to golfers on the back nine . the 19-year-old was keen to know about the revamp planned by the trump family , who recently purchased turnberry , under the guidance of course architect martin ebert . again , like rory , there’s the requisite amount of steel . ‘i’d hit a five iron off this tee to stay short of the bunkers , ’ advised her caddy gary wildman , on the opening hole . ‘ no , i want to hit a driver , ’ replied hull . she hit a driver . indeed , she hit a driver off every tee , which is the way she likes to do things in practice . ‘ i just find taking on the holes makes me concentrate , ’ she explained . again , like rory , the driver also happens to be the best club in her bag . the 19-year-old has the same mentality and ' wow factor ' as world no 1 rory mcilroy . it puts her in the vanguard of the next revolution set to sweep the women’s game . after the emergence of the koreans and the revival of the americans , get set for the power hitters to leave their mark in the same way their male counterparts hold sway in the men’s version . hull is part of a group that includes thai rookie ariya jutanugarn and american lexi thompson . hull has added 25 yards to her drive since hooking up with swing coach matt belsham earlier this year . again , like mcilroy — there could be a theme here — her swing is so good she uses blade irons ( she might be the only woman to do so ) , which are the preserve of the technically sound . american lexi thompson is another highly-touted golfer in women 's golf and will challenge hull . what’s next for the girl from kettering who plays at woburn and who finished no 1 in europe last year , the youngest to do so ? she has now earned her privileges to play in america and clearly that is the next proving ground . her plan is to be the best player in the world at 21 — the year mcilroy reached the summit — which might be a tall order given the present incumbent happens to be 13 months younger and won yet again in america on sunday . hull speaks in respectful tones about lydia ko . they played together in new zealand recently , where the home favourite shot a course-record 61 to hull’s 64 . ‘ it was just an amazing day , and i hope we have many more , ’ said hull . hull has ambitions to be the best in the world and she has a good chance of doing just that . the great advantage she will have over ko going forward is the fact she hits the ball significantly further . but will she hole enough putts to make it count ? on this day , she holed nothing of any length and still breezed round the ailsa course in 68 strokes . hull recalled the last time she played turnberry , in the health perception championship . she was nine at the time , and stood 4ft 7in tall . ‘ this was where i got knocked over by the wind , ’ she said , standing on the 11th tee . how typical that she got back up to win the event . a decade on , she’ll take some knocking over this july… and beyond .