the wife of legendary cricket commentator , richie benaud , has politely declined the offer of a state funeral for her late husband . daphne benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family , indicating the ' no fuss ' approach is the way the former test captain would have wanted it . the private service for benaud , who died on friday aged 84 , will take place this week , news corp reported on sunday . ' godfather of cricket ' : legendary commentator and former australia captain richie benaud died aged 84 . respected : benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne ( above ) and family members . richie benaud , the legendary commentator described as the ' godfather of cricket ' , passed away peacefully in his sleep overnight on friday , surrounded by his wife daphne and family . he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice on thursday . in his recognition , prime minister tony abbott offered his family a state funeral , calling benaud 's death the ' greatest loss for cricket since the loss of don bradman . ' while state funerals are usually reserved for politicians , mr abbott said ‘ there would be very few australians who have not passed a summer in the company of richie benaud . ' news of his death threw the cricket world and beyond into mourning as tributes flowed in to a man remembered for his wry sense of humour , expertise and for simply being a ' true gentleman ' . his sayings from the hundreds of test and one day cricket matches he commentated on across the world were often what fans remembered from important moments in these games . his dry one-liners and impeccable delivery - including one simple word ' marvellous ' - were adopted as part of the australian lexicon . scroll down for videos . the cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice on thursday . a veteran of 63 test matches , benaud played a key role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s . benaud 's wife , daphne politely declined prime minister tony abbott 's offer of a state funeral for her husband . a veteran of 63 test matches , benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s and was one of the world 's most recognised commentators . in a broadcast career spanning more than five decades , he was instrumental in establishing one-day cricket on television . masses of australian cricketers , politicians and sportspeople penned heartfelt tributes on social media in the wake of his passing . former australian spin bowler shane warne called the champion leg spinner , the ' godfather of cricket ' . ' as a cricketer , commentator and as a person , you were the best there 's ever been , ' he wrote . former captain richie benaud stands by a sculpture of himself at the sydney cricket ground in 2008 . floral tributes gathered at the bronze statue of richie benaud at the sydney cricket ground . ' our country has lost a national treasure , ' cricket australia chairman wally edwards said in a statement on friday . ' after don bradman , there has been no australian player more famous or more influential than richie benaud . ' ' he loved winning . he helped the australian team have the attitude where they wanted to win . he played the game the right way . ' there 's no doubt he 's certainly going to be missed . ' prime minister david cameron said : ' i grew up listening to richie benaud 's wonderful cricket commentary . like all fans of the sport , i will miss him very much . ' benaud was one of the world 's most recognised commentators having initially started with the bbc in england before anchoring the nine network 's cricket coverage in australia for decades . richie benaud married his wife daphne in july 1967 . a veteran of 63 test matches , benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s and was one of the world 's most recognised commentators . former prime minister john howard greeted richie benaud at the sydney cricket ground back in 2001 . benaud was born in penrith in western sydney in october 1930 . he enjoyed a remarkable test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964 . benaud was the first player to score 2,000 test runs and take 200 test wickets yet was as much renowned for his captaincy - he never lost a test series as australian captain . after retiring , benaud became a commentary icon initially with the bbc in england and later in his native australia . he was the mainstay in australian cricket television commentary until the past two summers - a car accident in 2013 sidelined him before he announced in november last year he had skin cancer . as a player , benaud appeared in 63 test matches between 1951 and 1963 , becoming the first man from any nation to score 2000 test runs and take 200 test wickets . penrith-born benaud enjoyed a remarkable test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964 . ' when i was a kid we never ever wore a cap ... because keith miller never wore a cap , ' benaud said at the time . ' it 's one of those things in life : you live and learn as you go along . ' as captain he led australia to four consecutive series victories , beginning with a 4-0 demolition of peter may 's 1958-59 tourists ( benaud took 31 wickets in the five tests ) . he never lost a series as captain . shane warne penned a heartfelt tribute to richie benaud on social media on friday .