a couple spent two years battling the council over a £2.20 parking ticket they say blew off their dashboard - and ended up having to pay £400 . shane o'byrne and wife jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby cristabelle out for the first time in march 2013 . in the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver 's seat - invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty . escalating row : a couple spent two years battling the council over a £2.20 parking ticket they say blew off their dashboard - and ended up being ordered to pay £400 . the couple explained to the authorities what had happened but were not let off the fine . adamant they would not pay it , the o'byrne 's exchanged a number of letters with the council over the next two years - with the row escalating from an initial £25 fine to bailiffs knocking on their door and demanding £400 . mr o'byrne , from southsea in portsmouth , hampshire , was forced to pay the sum to chichester district council after the incident in a car park in chichester , west sussex . mr o'byrne , a self-employed marketing consultant , said : ' we parked in a marked bay and purchased a ticket . ' as this was the first time we 'd taken our first child out of the house it was all a bit of an ordeal getting her and the buggy out , out of the way of other traffic . ' in my haste i failed to attach the ticket firmly to the inside of the windscreen . ' on our return to the car i found a parking ticket on the windscreen and found my ticket on the floor just under the driver 's seat . not backing down : chichester council have insisted they followed the correct procedures and made the ' appropriate decision ' . ' as this was an unfortunate occurrence i assumed it would be cleared up by us sending a letter and the actual ticket to chichester council explaining what had happened , which i did . ' i was therefore a little shocked to hear that the council were not interested in my story . ' the council did n't cancel the fine and both parties involved corresponded a number of times over the coming months . the family moved house to another address in southsea over the two-year period and said he informed the council of his move . but bailiffs turned up at his old house , where mr o'byrne has tenants , and demanded payment or to take belongings to the value of £400 . mr o'byrne believes the whole row has been a waste of time and money for the council , he said : ' i understand there is a process but common sense should have prevailed . ' it was a £2.20 ticket that i actually bought . i ca n't understand why local government ca n't use common sense . ' in a letter to the council he stated : ' all i ever asked is that a government , and therefore taxpayer-funded , organisation treated this case with common sense and they did not waste taxpayers ' money on a totally unnecessary campaign based on a ticket that was paid for . ' he admitted he would have paid the initial £25 fine if he knew the row would cause him so much grief . a spokeswoman for chichester district council said : ' we understand it 's not nice receiving a penalty notice but we do need to manage parking activity in the district effectively and we treat each case both fairly and transparently . ' our parking enforcement team follows the legislation within the traffic management act . ' this particular case has been through three stages , one of which was an independent traffic penalty tribunal . ' all agreed that the council had followed the correct procedures and had made the appropriate decision . '