jason cotterill , 42 , sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex partner to her children and set up 67 facebook profiles to bombard her with abuse . a jilted lover who sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex-partner to her daughter and set up 67 facebook profiles to bombard her with abuse has been jailed . jason cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet after she tried to end their relationship in october last year . a court heard he also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on to her facebook page . cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew that she had been previously involved in making sex tapes , birmingham magistrates ' court heard . he and the victim had attended the same school when they were children but got back in contact through facebook in 2013 . they met up for three dates between january and september 2013 but had sex on just one occasion . the court was told that the mother - a former sex worker - immediately regretted the liaison and told her lover she did not want to see him again . soon afterwards she began receiving ' creepy ' messages from the defendant , saying he loved her and wanted to be with her . as a result , she ' unfriended ' him on facebook and changed her mobile phone number . during the trial the woman told the court he set up 67 different facebook in an attempt to contact her after she blocked him on the social networking site . she said : ' he started setting up different profiles on facebook to send me messages . he also sent my family messages and my friends messages because he could n't get to me . ' i was very upset , it drove me insane , it made me depressed . i 'm on medication . ' his language was absolutely disgusting . he was asking me why i was n't playing any more , calling me names . ' the victim said cotterill found pictures of her on the internet that he threatened to send to her family and friends . he sent more than one to her daughter , she said . birmingham magistrates ' court heard he also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on her facebook page . cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew that she had been previously involved in making sex tapes . in october last year , cotterill sent the victim a link to an x-rated explicit video with a message that said : 'f**k it , i 'm going to have it as my profile picture ' . he also taunted the victim on facebook , telling her : ' i am going to send some more pictures too because it 's fun lol . ' the 42-year-old was ' driven insane ' and suffered depression and panic attacks after cotterill spent a year sending ' disgusting ' messages . david houldcroft , defending , said cotterill , who had two previous convictions for harassment , accepted sending the link and that it would have caused her upset . cotterill , of oldbury , was jailed for 12 weeks and had previously been found guilty of harassment following a trial . as well as being jailed , he was also banned indefinitely from contacting his victim . ' he regrets that and understands that he has problems with relationships , ' mr houldcroft said . ' he suffers from depression and has alcohol issues . he recognises that he needs help . ' cotterill , of oldbury , was jailed for 12 weeks and had previously been found guilty of harassment following a trial . as well as being jailed , he was also banned indefinitely from contacting his victim . district judge david robinson said : ' you harassed the complainant over a three-month period and used social networks constantly in a threatening manner to get her to re-engage with you . ' there are a number of aggravating features in this case . ' you sought to use dozens of facebook profiles to get in touch with her , you also found a link to a pornographic site and made use of that . ' you either involved or threatened to involve others , sending the link to the woman 's friends and her sister , insinuating that her children might get to see the photos . ' you used the power you had over her by the knowledge of those photos . '