a new model for hiv progression shows that it spreads in a similar way to some computer ' worms ' . hiv specialists and network security experts at university college london ( ucl ) made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads . they worked together to build a model for this ' hybrid spreading ' which accurately predicted patients ' progression from hiv to aids in a major clinical trial - and say early treatment is key to staving off aids . scroll down for video . researchers creates a model ' hybrid spreading ' which accurately predicted patients ' progression from hiv to aids in a major clinical trial - and say the spread was similar to a computer virus . hiv infects cd4+ t-cells , which play a vital role in the immune system and protect us from diseases . as hiv progresses , it reduces the number of active t-cells in the body until the immune system can not function correctly , a state known as ' acquired immune deficiency syndrome ' or aids . current world health organisation guidelines , which the uk government follows , recommend only beginning hiv treatment when the number of t-cells in the bloodstream falls below a certain level . however , the new model predicts that treatment should start as soon as possible after infection to prevent aids from developing in the long term . the teams noticed that the spread of hiv through the body using two methods - via the bloodstream and directly between cells - was similar to how some computer worms spread through both the internet and local networks respectively to infect as many computers as possible . the model was inspired by similarities between hiv and computer worms such as the highly damaging ' conficker ' worm , first detected in 2008 , which has infected military and police computer networks across europe and is still active today . lead author changwang zhang , of ucl , said : ' hiv and conficker have a lot in common . ' they both use hybrid spreading mechanisms , persist for a very long time and are incredibly difficult to eradicate . ' our model enables us to explain these important properties and to predict the infection process . ' changwang 's supervisor co-author dr shi zhou said : ' although the cybersecurity community organised an unprecedented collaboration to tackle conficker , they still failed to eliminate conficker from the internet . ' hiv researchers face a similar problem . we hope that our new understanding of hybrid epidemics will help us to fight against conficker and hiv . ' detailed sample data from 17 hiv patients from london were used to verify the model , showing that hybrid spreading provides the best explanation for hiv progression and highlighting the benefits of early treatment . hiv infects cd4+ t-cells , which play a vital role in the immune system and protect us from diseases . as hiv progresses , it reduces the number of active t-cells in the body until the immune system can not function correctly , a state known as ' acquired immune deficiency syndrome ' or aids . current world health organisation guidelines , which the uk government follows , recommend only beginning hiv treatment when the number of t-cells in the bloodstream falls below a certain level . however , the new model predicts that treatment should start as soon as possible after infection to prevent aids from developing in the long term . co-senior author professor benny chain , of ucl , said : ' the number of hiv cells in the bloodstream is always relatively low , and our model shows that hiv spread through the bloodstream alone would not be enough to cause aids . the model was inspired by similarities between hiv and computer worms such as the highly damaging ' conficker ' worm , first detected in 2008 , which has infected military and police computer networks across europe and is still active today . ' it is likely that when hiv gains a foothold somewhere with a high t-cell population , such as the gut , it uses a cell-to-cell transfer mechanism to efficiently spread directly between them . as such , if hiv has already spread to an area rich in t-cells by the time treatment begins , preventing its spread through the bloodstream will not stop aids . ' our model suggests that completely blocking cell-to-cell transfer would prevent progression to aids , highlighting the need to develop new treatments . ' laboratory research , led by co-senior author dr clare jolly , has previously shown that some drugs are better than others at stopping hiv from spreading directly between cells . however , it 's not possible to directly measure cell-to-cell spread in patients because it takes place inside internal organs . dr jolly said : ' with this new model , we should be able to assess the effectiveness of drugs against different modes of hiv spread in real patients . ' this could prove invaluable when interpreting the results of drug trials to understand what works and why . using computer models to understand processes that we can not directly observe is common in the physical sciences and supports many fundamental theories . ' our model provides strong evidence that cell-to-cell spread is an important part of hiv spread , and we hope to show this directly in future animal studies . ' . 