chaos erupted at an easter egg hunt in sacramento when adults launched in trying to grab sweets for their children . the event was an attempt at breaking the record for the world 's biggest , with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters . but it descended into mayhem as parents raced into the field armed with baskets of their own . scroll down for video . chaos : an attempt at the world 's biggest easter egg hunt in sacramento became shambolic on sunday . mayhem : children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded the children-only event . ' there was no organization at all , they all trampled each other . little two- and three-year-olds were crying . ' the parents were scooping up all of the eggs for their older kids and it was horrible , ' mother tessa moon told cbs . another mother , kori houser , told sacramento bee her toddler chase only got three eggs : ' it was crazy . adults were trampling over us . ' footage of the hunt , which did not break the world record because they missed the deadline to apply , shows children as young as two being squashed by teenagers and adults weave between them picking up candy . according to sacramento bee , toddlers were seen crying and parents were being pushed around in the calamity . eventually , the paper reported , a screaming match broke out between parents . enraged parents said older children were rushing around to snap up candy meant for youngsters . the event , which did not break the world record , was raising money for victims of human trafficking . children were presented with 500,000 eggs on the capitol mall lawn on sunday . divided : some families left half-way through to escape the chaos . however , the organizers urged people to remember the reason for the event : to raise money for survivors of human trafficking . they spent $ 10,000 transporting 510,000 plastic eggs from florida . children raced to collect as many as they could , and later exchanged them for candy . a vip off-shoot of the event featured some plastic eggs stuffed with food vouchers . it cost $ 20 to take part . 'we’re doing this to raise awareness for blue heart international the nonprofit my wife and i started , ' blake mccall , founder of blue heart international , told cbs . 'we’re really passionate about helping children rescued out of human trafficking in our community . ' organizers reminded people the event was planned for a good cause . 