beaten fa cup semi-finalists reading lost again as they were defeated by birmingham in a scrappy sky bet championship game at the madejski stadium on wednesday night . although reading dominated most of the match , they wasted several chances in the closing stages of the first half . birmingham held firm and grabbed the winner seven minutes from the end , when clayton donaldson nodded in his 16th goal of the season . clayton donaldson ( left ) scored a late headed winner for birmingham city as his side defeated reading 1-0 . donaldson , who signed from brentford in the summer , scored his 16th goal of the season . reading : federici , gunter , cooper , hector , ake , mccleary ( appiah 63 ) , karacan , chalobah , obita , mackie ( stacey 63 ) , blackman ( novakovich 81 ) . subs not used : kelly , norwood , akpan , andersen . booked : obita . birmingham city : randolph , spector , morrison , kiernan , caddis ( dyer 62 ) , tesche , gleeson , fabbrini ( shinnie 34 ) , grounds , donaldson , thomas ( gray 77 ) . subs not used : cotterill , novak , doyle , davis . referee : lee mason . attendance : 14,604 . reading were involved in a dramatic 2-1 defeat against arsenal , after extra-time , in the last four of the cup at wembley on saturday . goalkeeper adam federici , whose fumble led to alexis sanchez 's winning goal , was retained against birmingham - as were six of his fellow starters from wembley . at least reading had no pressure on them , the last lingering doubts of relegation having been removed when millwall lost 2-0 at blackburn rovers on tuesday night . birmingham had little to play for either , apart from trying to improve on a poor recent record of just two wins in eight league matches . a predictably dour opening , with neither side keen to force the pace , ended when wes thomas aimed at federici . but it was a weak effort that did not trouble the australian goalkeeper . reading , with only two wins in 13 league games behind them and no wins in six , responded swiftly as the game warmed up . garath mccleary , scorer of reading 's equaliser against arsenal , fired wide after a long pass from jake cooper . a cooper header lacked the power to test birmingham keeper darren randolph , jamie mackie shot wide after jem karacan had been blocked out , and mackie and nick blackman had close-range efforts cleared to safety . randolph made a flying save to keep out a fierce mccleary shot and the keeper also had to stop two decent long-range attempts from nathaniel chalobah . reading fans showed their support for adam federci following his blunder at wembley on saturday . donaldson goes one-on-one with federici , who was hoping to make amends for his mistake against arsenal . birmingham threatened only rarely , paul caddis blazing over from a diego fabbrini cross , which donaldson had missed , and jonathan grounds heading straight at federici from a caddis corner . reading kept up the momentum after the interval but , as birmingham defended stubbornly , the home side spoiled good approach work with poor final touches . nathan ake did manage to fashion a chance when wriggling clear of his markers but drove straight at randolph . reading lost their second game in as many matches as their poor championship form continues . birmingham continued to sit back , inviting the pressure . jordan obita missed with a powerful drive and then drilled over a low cross that no team-mate was able to reach . andrew shinnie was off target from distance but reading regained the upper hand with efforts from chalobah , a 20-yard shot saved by randolph , substitute jack stacey and ake . birmingham rallied late on , with federici having to make two smart saves to deny substitute demarai gray . and the visitors broke the deadlock in the 83rd minute . stephen gleeson delivered a corner from the left and donaldson rose unchallenged to glance a header past the helpless federici .