a brazilian model who shot to fame after winning the miss bumbum contest in 2014 has sparked outrage by posting a snap of her naked body painted with an image of the virgin mary to her instagram account , along with a special easter prayer . indianara carvalho , 23 - who had hymen surgery last year to ' restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with ‘ someone special ' - accompanied the racy photo with the phrase : ' good friday . lord , on this day i ask for peace , love , wisdom and strength . ' the image , just one of a series of nude body-painted shots she shared over the easter weekend , attracted more than 750 ' likes ' , as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers over its sacrilegious nature . scroll down for video . sacrilegious ? indianara carvalho , 23 , accompanied the racy image ( pictured ) with the phrase , ' good friday . lord , on this day i ask for peace , love , wisdom and strength ' . 'don’t mix god with your ridiculous shame and profanity , ' wrote one instagram user , eliane paz salinas , of the portraits , which were created by brazilian artist binho over a marathon ten-hour spray can session . another , cadmo barrera lerma , ranted : ' you have lost my total respect , at least one in your list of followers . ' janvier veliz angulo concurred , stating : ' this proves that beauty is not everything … you have lost me as one of your fans . ' referring to miss carvalho 's accompanying prayer , another user fumed : ' i think that to ask for peace and love and protection there is no need to be naked ! ! ! ! please respect things related to god ! ' clutching a rosary : the photo , just one of a series of nude body-painted shots she shared over the easter weekend , attracted 750 ' likes ' , as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers . faith : miss carvalho , pictured in other poses from the same shoot , had hymen surgery last year to ' restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with ‘ someone special ' . christianity is the dominant religion in brazil , with roman catholics accounting for 64 per cent of the population and protestants making up 22 per cent , according to the latest census . miss carvalho 's lengthy prayer also stated : ' father , protect my ears from all evils and watch my steps on the path to truth . ' may your blessings fill my spirit and my heart , which is so kind and cheerful ... feel your sweet and gentle presence ... i am your grace . ' the buxom blonde triumphed in brazil 's annual bottom beauty contest last year , which sees 27 women - one from each state - complete to prove their backside is best . shortly afterwards , she underwent ' vaginal rejuvenation surgery ' which includes a hymenoplasty , in order to bring ' respect ' to her bumbum title , and to use her newly virginal status to find love . christianity is the dominant religion in brazil , with roman catholics accounting for 64 per cent of the population and protestants making up 22 per cent , according to the latest census . miss carvalho , pictured mid-workout , said last year that by re-becoming a virgin , she hopes to bring ' a bit of respect and new concept to the miss bumbum title ' . the procedure , which is not available in the uk , can be done by using surgical gel to create a new hymen that lasts a few days before dissolving , or more permanently by using a flap of skin cut from the vaginal wall . women undergoing the latter treatment must abstain from sex for at least three months after undergoing the procedure . according to the new york daily news , miss carvalho said : ' i wanted to undergo surgery to reconstruct my virginity before i have new photographs done . ' i would n't feel good about appearing naked if i was n't exactly as i came into the world if you know what i mean . ' i think i also want to give a bit of respect and new concept to the miss bumbum title by being a virgin . ' winning smile : miss bumbum , which began four years ago and has several spin-offs , is an annual institution in its native brazil , although not always without controversy . bittersweet : the 2014 contest ( pictured ) was marred by scandal after it was alleged that miss carvalho had bribed the judges with over £70,000 in cash to make sure she won . miss bumbum , which began four years ago and has several spin-offs , is an annual institution in its native brazil , although not always without controversy . the 2014 contest was marred by scandal after it was alleged that miss carvalho had bribed the judges with over £70,000 in cash to make sure she won . claudia alende , better known as the brazilian ' megan fox ' , won second place in the competition even though she was a clear favourite among the audience .