the iconic rosie the riveter poster girl who became a symbol of feminist power for the millions of hard working women who worked on the home front during world war ii has died . mary doyle keefe , the telephone operator who inspired millions , passed away on tuesday after a brief illness , her family said . mary became the poster girl for american women when she shot to fame by posing for norman rockwell 's iconic painting . iconic : mary doyle keefe , who posed for the normal rockwell rosie the riveter painting as a 19-year-old telephone operator , has died in simsbury , conneticut , aged 92 . rosie the riveter was on the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29 , 1943 , and became a symbol for feminism and economic power for american female workers during the war . rockwell 's famous painting shows the red-haired rosie dressed in blue work overalls sat on the stars and stripes , with a sandwich in her left hand and her right arm on top of her lunch box with the name ' rosie ' on the front . in her no-nonsense pose , rosie shows her brute strength with her left forearm muscle bulging . she has a rivet gun resting in her lap and her feet on a copy of adolf hitler 's manifesto ' mein kampf . ' although mrs keefe was petite , rockwell wanted ' rosie ' to show strength , so he used artistic licence to make her arms , hands and shoulders bigger . riveting : the painting shows rosie in blue work overalls sitting down in front of the american flag , with a sandwich in her left hand , a rivet gun on her lap and her feet resting on a copy of adolf hitler 's ' mein kampf ' . same but different : rockwell 's painting is not to be confused with the equally iconic ' we can do it ! ' poster , often also referred to as rosie the riveter . the artists admitted he modelled her body on michelangelo 's isaiah , which is on the ceiling of the sistine chapel . mrs keefe , who was n't actually a riveter , was paid $ 10 ( equivalent to $ 136 today ) for two sessions she posed for rockwell and his photographer , gene pelham . in a 2002 interview by then retired mrs keefe said the artist told her : ' you sit there and he takes all these pictures . ' they called me again to come back because he wanted me in a blue shirt and asked if i could wear penny loafers . ' twenty-four years after she posed , rockwell sent her a letter calling her the most beautiful woman he 'd ever seen and apologizing for the hefty body in the painting . ' i did have to make you into a sort of a giant , ' he wrote . mrs keefe said people in arlington did n't make too much of a fuss about her being in the rosie painting , aside from teasing her a little about rosie 's big arms . ' people did n't make a big deal about things back then , ' she said . rockwell 's painting is not to be confused with the equally iconic ' we can do it ! ' , wartime poster , often also referred to as rosie the riveter . inspirational : the ' we can do it ' poster has been copied across the world to represent feminism and gender equality , including by singer beyonce . after selling for $ 5million at a sothenby 's auction in 2002 , the original rosie the riveter is now part of the permanent collection at the crystal bridges museum of american art in bentonville , arkansas . after the war , mrs keefe graduated from temple university with a degree in dental hygiene , and was working as a dental hygienist in bennington , vermont , when she met her husband of 55 years , robert keefe , who died in 2003 . they had four children and lived in whitman , massachusetts , and later in nashua , new hampshire . mrs keefe spent the last eight years in a retirement community in simsbury , according to an obituary prepared by her family .