kim rose , 57 , who is standing in southampton itchen , was questioned over allegations of bribing voters but will face no further action . a ukip candidate accused of bribing voters with sausage rolls will face no further action - but he could be arrested if he tries it again . kim rose , 57 , was alleged to have bribed voters in southampton by putting on a spread at a party event , which included the pastry snacks and sandwiches . although he was never arrested or charged , mr rose was questioned by police over an alleged criminal offence of ' treating ' . he has now criticised the ' absolutely ridiculous ' police investigation - and says he believes the furore could help him win his seat . mr rose , who is standing in a key marginal seat in southampton itchen , said : ' the officers told me today that i have now entered the political world and i must no longer hand out sausage rolls . ' they told me i have got to watch anything i do . so i 'm going to stay away from bakeries from now on - if i see one i 'm going to run a mile . ' mr rose , a jeweller , was questioned at romsey police station , hampshire . he poked fun at the accusations by taking in boxes of jaffa cakes for the officers . it came after he laughed off the initial allegations by saying : ' thank god they did n't find out about the jaffa cakes . ' however , when he emerged 30 minutes later , he revealed that officers had refused to accept the treats , saying that would also constitute a bribe . mr rose , who had been backed by party leader nigel farage , maintained that there was no ' corrupt ' intent behind his food giveaway . he also accused rival parties of underhand tactics , adding : ' the support has been tremendous and it 's backfired on the major parties in southampton big time and i now believe i can win my seat . ' i could be the first politician to win a seat in parliament based on sausage rolls and jaffa cakes . scroll down for video . ' this story went all over the world . i have friends in costa rica who saw me come up on their tv and they nearly fell off their stools . ' the alleged incident took place at a community centre in the weston area of the city on february 21 where his friend , veteran snooker star jimmy white , 52 , played pool with children . the ukip candidate put on a spread of sandwiches , sausage rolls and teas and coffees for the event . he said he was oblivious that he had done anything potentially illegal until he was contacted by hampshire constabulary 's economic crime unit . although he was never arrested or charged , mr rose was questioned at romsey police station ( pictured ) over the alleged crime - and took in a packet of jaffa cakes to poke fun at the investigation . mr rose ( pictured with jimmy white , left , and nigel farage , right ) branded police involvement as ' absolutely ridiculous ' , adding that voters in the marginal seat were unlikely to ' change their mind for a sausage roll ' . at the time , he said : ' the sausage rolls were for the kids but now i have been reported to police who i believe have received a complaint from one of the main parties . ' under parliamentary rules allegations of treating is bribing people with food and drink . i thought it was a joke at first and i said to the police officer it was a bit daft . ' he said , `` it is n't daft it could be a very serious offence '' . fortunately i have eaten all the evidence . ' he added : ' it 's absolutely ridiculous . i 'm sure people are n't going to change their mind over voting for a sausage roll . ' ukip leader nigel farage weighed into the dispute , calling the investigation ' utter nonsense ' . mr rose , pictured handing out sausage rolls in southampton last week , was backed by party leader nigel farage . he maintained that there was no ' corrupt ' intent behind his food giveaway . technically mr rose could have been fined and jailed for one year if he was ever found guilty of ' treating ' . he said : ' there seems all sorts of cases in politics of people behaving badly and doing things wrong , abusing their positions . ' having a few sausage rolls i don’t really think counts as one of those . ' electoral commission rules state food and entertainment can not be provided by election candidates if their provision is intended to influence votes . technically mr rose could have been fined and jailed for one year if he was ever found guilty of ' treating ' . as set out in the representation of the people act ( 1983 ) , any voter convicted of ' corruptly accepting or taking ' any meat , drink , entertainment or provision could also be fined up to £5,000 . in a statement , hampshire police said : ' following our meeting with mr rose yesterday on monday april 13 , we can confirm that no further action will be taken . ' mr rose is standing in the seat for the fourth time . it is a key labour-held battleground in the run up to next month 's election . in 1997 , mr rose stood in the general election as a candidate for the socialist labour party which was launched by former mine workers leader arthur scargill . in 2001 and 2005 , the flamboyant businessman stood for ukip in the southampton itchen seat , polling 1,623 votes in the second . the current southampton itchen mp is labour 's john denham , who won by just 192 votes last time . he will stand down after the election on may 7 . the other candidates are royston smith ( conservative ) ; rowenna davis ( labour ) ; eleanor bell ( liberal democrats ) ; john spottiswoode ( green party ) and sue atkins ( tusc ) .