the culprits behind the hatton garden raid may have carried out a similarly audacious burglary just two years earlier in berlin , it has emerged . in a case which has strikingly similar traits to the £60m heist in london , thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the volksbank in steglitz , berlin , in january 2013 . the gang , who fled the bank with diamonds , gold and silver worth more than £8.3m , have never been found . scroll down for video . the culprits behind the hatton garden raid ( pictured ) may have carried out a similarly audacious burglary just two years earlier in berlin , it has emerged . in a case which has strikingly similar traits to the £60m heist in london , thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the volksbank in steglitz , berlin , in january 2013 . it now appears that the berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the easter weekend raid in london . during that near-identical raid - one of the biggest in london 's jewellery quarter - 71 security boxes were raided before the gang made off with wheelie bins full of precious stones . the incidents - both of which involved the use of heavy duty drills - enthralled the nation , capturing the public 's imagination with each new detail that emerged . during the berlin theft , robbers are believed to have spent several weeks tunnelling 100ft underground , before drilling through 3ft of concrete walls to break into a bank 's strongroom . police were stumped when they discovered a giant hole cut through the wall with what appeared to be four cylindrical devices . likewise , robbers in london used a heavy duty drill to bore holes into a reinforced , two-metre-thick wall so they could gain access to the safety deposit boxes . it came after the raiders broke into the building on the second floor , disabling the lift before lowering themselves down the shaft and breaking into the basement . suspects caught on cctv during the london heist were also dressed as construction workers - a tactic used in the berlin raid . in a similar fashion to the german heist , the burglars timed their raid over the easter bank holiday , entering after the premises emptied on thursday night and leaving on easter sunday . the men then climbed back up to the ground floor to let other gang members in through a side entrance , before all making their way to the vaults where they drilled their way inside . in both cases , police are investigating the possibility of an insider helping the thieves . in london , there was no sign of a forced entry through the fire exit door into the company 's premises , indicating they had a key or that someone had let them in from the inside . and in berlin , police said the thieves had expert knowledge of the layout of the vaults , reiterated by the time they were afforded to create their all-important tunnel . police later released this photo which they say is one of the suspects in the berlin tunnel bank robbery . they also released these sketches showing who they believed had carried out the £8.3m raid . no-one has ever been convicted over the crime . another similarity is the way the burglars disguised themselves before entering the building . the german thieves dressed as workmen and and waited until staff went home for the weekend to enter the bank . the tunnel was not discovered until 6am on the monday morning when the robbers set fire to the impressive tunnel which breached one of the bank 's walls . the robbers then simply used crowbars to smash open the safety deposit boxes . cctv from the london heist also shows how the suspects dressed as construction workers and gasmen . similarly , they timed their raid over the easter bank holiday , entering after the premises emptied on thursday night and leaving on easter sunday . police investigating the berlin theft were stumped when they discovered a giant hole cut through the wall with what appeared to be four cylindrical devices . the tunnel was not discovered until 6am on monday morning when the robbers set fire to the impressive tunnel which breached one of the bank 's walls . meanwhile , in berlin , police believe the robbers may have spent weeks digging the tunnel after renting a nearby lock-up garage under a false name , which they used to gain access to the strongroom . one of the theories behind the london jewel heist is that a member of the gang had rented a space within the premises . the hatton garden safe deposit company is housed in a seven-storey building , which accommodates 60 other businesses , including watch traders and diamond wholesalers . in another similarity , the metropolitan police were slammed as ' utterly incompetent ' following the hatton garden raid as it emerged that an alarm going off on good friday was ignored . in germany , private security guards were also blamed for ignoring an alarm which went off in the volksbank 's vaults two days before the crime was discovered . robbers are believed to have spent several weeks tunnelling 100ft underground and through 3ft of concrete walls to break into a bank 's strong room . safety boxes remain open after the raid at volksbank . police believe the robbers may have spent weeks digging the tunnel after renting a nearby lock-up garage under a false name , which they used to gain access . meanwhile criminologist richard hoskins said he has identified ' startling similarities ' between the hatton garden raid and novel black echo , by michael connelly . the novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed ' the hole in the ground gang ' who struck three vaults in la in 1986 and 1987 , and were never caught . in the 1986 robbery , the gang tunneled into a bank vault over a long weekend , triggering alarms on the friday that were not investigated , before raiding safety deposit boxes stored inside the vaults . it was not until the week following the raids that police were called and discovered the robbers had dug into the vault using heavy machinery , in very similar circumstances to the hatton garden raid . in both cases , heavy duty drills were used to break through concrete to gain access to the stolen goods . value of items taken , including jewels , said to be between £60m and £200m . raid took place over three-day easter weekend when workers had left building . 71 safety deposit boxes raided . burglars used heavy duty drill to bore holes into a reinforced , two-metre-thick wall so they could gain access to boxes . thieves dressed as workmen and gasmen . police criticised after alarm ignored on good friday . value of items taken , including diamonds , gold and silver , said to be £8.3m . raid took place after thieves accessed the building while it was closed for the weekend . 294 security vaults broken into . burglars also used drill to break through 3ft of concrete walls to break into the bank 's strong room . the thieves disguised themselves as workmen . security guards criticised after alarm went off two days before tunnel found .