football agents were left in limbo on wednesday as they awaited news on new regulations . as of april 1 , the licensing system for agents is to change so that anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period . the fa will then charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal . already established licensed agents were exempt . the fa is due to place a link on their website for intermediaries to register , but as of 1pm that was still not in place . mel stein thinks the new regulations on becoming a football agent will ' create anarchy ' . the new guidelines have come in after fifa effectively washed their hands of governing agents . fifa recommendations include national associations registering only intermediaries of ' impeccable character ' , all deals annually published online , agents ' fees limited to three per cent and no monies earned by them for negotiating deals for players under the age of 18 . the fa , premier league and football league have been discussing how best to cope with fifa opting out . all have serious concerns about how the system will work in britain and abroad , especially in under-developed football territories . mel stein , chairman of the london-based association of football agents , told the guardian : ' i think it 's going to create anarchy and everybody is going to be sorry about it . fifa could n't cope so they decided to hand it over to the individual territories . manchester united striker radamel falcao ( right ) with his agent jorge mendes pictured last year . ' i can see the bloke in the pub who knows a parent or a footballer 's dad saying ' i 'll represent you ' and then undercutting everyone . ' ' it is clearly wrong and anti-competitive to have this kind of price-capping . the fa are saying we 've got to do it because that 's what fifa are telling us to do . the three per cent cap will destroy the business of probably 50 % of my members . ' afa ( association of football agents ) has been holding discussions to reach a compromise and have pushed for self regulating . james featherstone of omnisports said : ' it 's a big worry for clubs how they keep a check on who is who . these new rules will allow anyone to register as an intermediary acting on behalf of a player . '