a university of virginia student whose reputation was trashed by rolling stone 's discredited tale of a violent gang rape on campus has taken the magazine to task for not firing anybody after its story fell apart . alex stock , a former friend of supposed victim ' jackie ' , spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature a rape on campus , and was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out . ' i think the rolling stone absolutely should be held accountable ' , he said in a tv interview monday , and added the under-fire magazine has risked its reputation by not disciplining sabrina erdley , the reporter who wrote the story . scroll down for video . taking to task : alex stock , right , who was portrayed as a callous social climber in rolling stone 's uva discredited campus rape story said the magazine should be held accountable . rolling stone 's reporting was torn apart by professors from the columbia university graduate school of journalism , who pointed out ' basic , even routine ' failures in how the story was prepared . the most important failing , they said , was not contacting stock and another student , ryan duffin , who spoke out alongside stock in an interview with fox news 's megyn kelly . stock and duffin - who were referred to by pseudonyms in the story - would have been able to tell erdley that there were serious inconsistencies between what jackie had told them and the story the article credulously repeated . rolling stone 's story said that jackie , sitting in a dress stained in blood from a gang rape by seven different men just hours before , sobbed to her three friends , who told her to take it no further . still employed : rolling stone will not take any action against sabrina rubin erdely , whose reporting was roundly discredited . the story said the three - duffin , stock and an unnamed woman - were preoccupied with the ' social price ' of being associated with rape accusations . duffin and stock were painted as wannabe frat boys whose prospects of acceptance would be harmed . in fact , they revealed , jackie had no blood on her or obvious wounds - and the friends immediately suggested going to the police , which jackie said she was not prepared for . none of them was ever contacted by erdley - in duffin 's case because jackie had falsely told her that he had refused to contribute . when asked whether jackie herself should have her identity revealed , stock said : ' i do n't see any point in further shaming her . nobody can track her down , i 've even spoken with some friends from her home town - nobody knows where she is . ' i think she 's learned her lesson . i think the rolling stone absolutely should be held accountable . ' when asked whether erdley should be fired , he said : ' i think the rolling stone puts its reputation seriously at stake for not doing that . ' i think the next article she comes out with it 's going to be hard for people to take seriously . ' responding to the same question , duffin said : ' i think much more than anybody losing jobs or not losing jobs i think it 's important that rolling stone and other media outlets look at this more as a story of what not to do in reporting . ' report : the columbia journalism school is expected to release a review of the botched story sunday night . many were sceptical when rolling stone responded to the damning review sunday night by standing by erdley , her editors and her fact-checkers despite the avoidable problems their story had caused . jann wenner , the publisher of rolling stone , confirmed to the new york times that everybody would remain in their positions . he defended erdley 's reporting , and described jackie as ' a really expert fabulist storyteller ' . erdely , who went to ground as the row over her article erupted , issued an apology in the wake of the review , admitting ' i did not go far enough ' . her piece credulously recounted jackie 's tale the story of an anonymous student - referred to as jackie - who said she was lured to the phi kappa psi house and raped by a gang of seven men . anonymous : jackie has never been identified . police officials say she refused to be interviewed in the course of their investigation . it described the ordeal , during which jackie said she was passed from man to man in an excruciating three hours of pain , during which she was also supposedly penetrated with a beer bottle upstairs during a pledging event . the article recounted the event in vivid , graphic detail based on jackie 's account . it said : ' there was a heavy person on top of her , spreading open her thighs , and another person kneeling on her hair , hands pinning down her arms , sharp shards digging into her back , and excited male voices rising all around her . ' when yet another hand clamped over her mouth , jackie bit it , and the hand became a fist that punched her in the face . the men surrounding her began to laugh . describing the moment she supposedly passed out from pain , it continued : ' someone handed her classmate a beer bottle . jackie stared at the young man , silently begging him not to go through with it . ' and as he shoved the bottle into her , jackie fell into a stupor , mentally untethering from the brutal tableau , her mind leaving behind the bleeding body under assault on the floor . ' the review spelled out extensive contact between erdely and jackie , spanning eight interviews . erdely wrote 405 pages of notes about the story . jackie also spent four hours speaking to a rolling stone fact-checker . erdely had asked repeatedly for the name of the supposed attacker , but jackie said she was not ' comfortable ' with the idea of him being contacted for the story . but they ultimately decided to rely on her for virtually all the information in the account , which led to inconsistencies not being discovered until after publication . erdely asked jackie again for the name once the public interrogation of her account began . this time she agreed - but it emerged she did not even know how to spell the surname of the man , referred to as ' drew ' in the story . experts at columbia concluded that erdely , her editors , and the fact-checking department all failed to try hard enough to speak to the accused , and other people mentioned in the story . claims : the story published in november focused on a university of virginia student named jackie who claimed to have been gang raped by seven men at the campus ' phi kappa psi fraternity two years ago . above , the frat house on january 15 , 2015 . another possible way erdely could have found out inconsistencies in the story would have been giving fuller details to the fraternity and uva when asking them for comment , the review said . stepehn scipione , the chapter president of phi kappa , was asked to comment on the allegations without being given dates of the supposed attack or any details about who was involved . he told the review : ' it was complete bull***t. they were n't telling me what they were going to write about . they were n't telling me any dates or details . ' when the full story was published , phi kappa psi responded by pointing out there had been no party on the date jackie gave . they also said that - despite claims of a pledging ritual taking place at the time - the fraternity house was then home to no pledges . the review concluded : ' rolling stone 's repudiation of the main narrative in a rape on campus is a story of journalistic failure that was avoidable . ' the failure encompassed reporting , editing , editorial supervision and fact-checking . ' the magazine set aside or rationalized as unnecessary essential practices of reporting that , if pursued , would likely have led the magazine 's editors to reconsider publishing jackie 's narrative so prominently , if at all . ' the published story glossed over the gaps in the magazine 's reporting by using pseudonyms and by failing to state where important information had come from . ' it recommended that rolling stone tighten its procedures around fact-checking and offer more details when requesting comment from subjects . it also questioned the use of pseudonyms , and said the magazine should consider banning them . at the same time as publishing the review , rolling stone announced that it was ' officially retracting ' the story , which has amassed more than 2.7million views online . the page where the story was hosted until sunday night now redirected to the columbia review , which has the subtitle ' an anatomy of a journalistic failure ' . sean woods , one of jackie 's editors , described the scandal over the article as ' it 's been an extraordinarily painful and humbling experience ' . he later added : ' ultimately , we were too deferential to our rape victim ; we honored too many of her requests in our reporting . ' we should have been much tougher , and in not doing that , we maybe did her a disservice . ' in a personal statement released online , erdely said : ' reading the columbia account of the mistakes and misjudgments in my reporting was a brutal and humbling experience . ' i want to offer my deepest apologies : to rolling stone 's readers , to my rolling stone editors and colleagues , to the uva community , and to any victims of sexual assault who may feel fearful as a result of my article . she said that as a reporter she must : ' weigh my compassion against my journalistic duty to find the truth . ' however , in the case of jackie and her account of her traumatic rape , i did not go far enough to verify her story . ' i allowed my concern for jackie 's well-being , my fear of re-traumatizing her , and my confidence in her credibility to take the place of more questioning and more facts . these are mistakes i will not make again . '  