a mayfair mansion that was once the site of a milking parlour has gone on the market for £25million . the four-bedroom property in central london 's farm street has all the trappings of modern luxury with an indoor swimming pool , gym , lift , cinema room and roof terrace . one hundred and fifty years ago however it was used to house cows for milking on one of london 's busiest trading streets . originally used as a milking parlour , it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th century . in 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion which now sits in its place . at 8,139 square ft , it is on the market for £25million . a newly-built mansion that was constructed on the site of a former milking parlour in mayfair has gone on the market for £25million . the house is decorated throughout with modern furnishings and plush carpets . among its features is a private lift and guest cloakroom . a grand piano sits in the marbled hall on one of the floor 's houses . a 14-piece dining table is also featured in the luxury dining room . an indoor swimming pool now takes the place of what once would have been a milking shed in the 18th and 19th century . a cinema room is one of the many modern features in the property . it was built in 2011 after developers knocked down the original structure . impressive artwork throughout the house adorns its walls . it is being sold for £25million by estate agents wetherell and knight frank . an opulent 14-place dining table is found on the first floor of the luxury property which also has its own lift . london 's milking parlours date back to tudor times , with farm street serving as hub of agricultural trade for years . cows were brought there from the grazing areas of peckham , holland park and hampstead heath and sold to local butchers . alongside the parlours was an abattoir and pub , the punch bowl , which remains . guy ritchie and madonna bought the pub while they were married and it quickly became a celebrity favourite . mr ritchie sold it in 2013 to the alexander langlands pearse . inside the modern mansion are four bedrooms including a master suite which occupies the entire second floor . the lower ground floors feature a swimming pool complex with mosaic-lined pool , steam room , gym , shower and changing facilities , kitchenette , guest cloakroom and media room . it also has a private lift , marble flooring , a sweeping spiral staircase and a dining room which can seat 14 . speaking of the property , peter wetherell , chief executive of wetherell , said : ' this recently built house is an outstanding example of contemporary living in historic mayfair at its very best . ' as the location of mayfair’s dairy , the interesting and unusual history allowed for the construction of a house on a commercial depot site , without the usual restrictions of historic listing controls . ' the result is an open flowing family house providing spacious rooms and generous ceiling heights rarely found in historic mayfair . ' the house has four bedrooms which all come with their own en suite bathrooms and is set over four floors . it was built in 2011 . one of the four bedrooms in the house is finished with sleek white , grey and black furniture and soft furnishings throughout . another of the guest rooms in the luxury mansion furnished in cream and peach . the house has been described by estate agents as a ' flowing family house ' . one of the double bathrooms in the house has a deep marble bath , his and her 's sinks and a large , walk-in shower . the property 's master suite takes up the entire second floor with a huge bedroom and ' living space ' which features a stunning fireplace . the dressing room in the master suite boasts high-gloss white wardrobes , fluffy white carpet and a grey bench for resting . an enormous jacuzzi bath in the middle of the master suite 's bathroom , with his and her sinks and a walk in double shower beyond it . another of the luxurious bathrooms is fitted with a black and grey bath and shower . experts said the property was an example of ' contemporary living in historic mayfair ' . a courtyard in the property offers another outdoor seating . part of its tiles have been replaced with glass exposing the leisure complex beneath . the luxury home also has a steam room adorned in shimmer silver mosaic and several outdoor spaces for residents to take in sun . a sweeping sun terrace on the building 's roof where residents and guests can take in views of the historic mayfair village . a sleek white and brown kitchen leads out to a sun-trapped patio on one of the house 's floors . there is also a kitchenette elsewhere . an aerial view of the staircase shows the house 's four floors , with golden sculptures found on shelves the whole way down . a fully-equipped gym has also been installed in the basement of the house and even has a flat-screen tv fitted on a wall of mirrors . high quality finishings are seen throughout the property which is found in one of london 's most exclusive areas .