paris saint-germain have opened primary discussions with paul pogba over a possible move from juventus . the italian champions were kept informed even though no formal offer has yet been made to the club for the france international . pogba and his representatives are understood to have met psg president nasser al khelaifi in monte carlo on tuesday . when asked the president replied told french press : ' why did i meet with pogba ? because he’s a great talent , he’s french and he’s from paris . that said , all the big clubs want him . ' barcelona have also shown an intention to bid for pogba . their transfer embargo however means a deal would be agreed where the player remains in turin until next january . paris saint-germain have opened primary discussions with paul pogba over a possible move from juventus . psg striker edinson cavani has a meeting scheduled with his brother and agent on wednesday as he discusses his options . psg do not wish to sell the striker but cavani is intrigued by calls from juventus . atletico madrid have also expressed an interest with mario mandzukic weighing up offers from england . psg striker edinson cavani is considering his options and could be set for a move away from paris . sevilla are weighing up a return for manchester city winger jesus navas . the 29-year-old has had a decent run in city 's first team of late but overall has been disappointing since his £15million transfer from sevilla in 2013 . navas has had his family around him in manchester , including his brother marco playing briefly for bury , yet he is understood to be interested in a return to spain . finance will be a stumbling block even though sevilla are challenging to qualify for the champions league . they will not be able to match navas 's wages and would offer around £7million . sevilla are weighing up a move for manchester city 's 29-year-old winger jesus navas . yaya toure remains inter milan 's main transfer target for the summer despite the obvious financial difficulties of signing a 31-year-old player on £200,000 a week . they have drawn up a provisional back-up list which as reported previously in sportsmail includes alex song of barcelona and lucas leiva of liverpool . another player who has come into their reckoning though is udinese 's allan marques loureiro . the 24-year-old brazilian is a box to box midfielder and also has a portuguese passport . song , on loan at west ham , also has interest from ac milan . the rossoneri could be in new ownership soon as silvio berlusconi will meet with prospective buyer bee taechaubol tonight . inter are continuing to work on a loan deal for stevan jovetic at city too . city midfielder yaya toure ( left ) remains inter milan 's main transfer target for the summer . stoke have made an enquiry about dnipro flyer yevhen konoplyanka . the ukraine winger was the subject of a failed bid from liverpool over a year ago but will be out of contract in the summer . tottenham had a deal in place earlier this year but that has now been shelved while everton also wanted to sign him . the 25-year-old has been offered £2.5million a year tax free by turkish side galatasaray yet is keen on a move to the premier league or italy where roma have the strongest interest . stoke are unlikely to be his destination but they are showing ambition in their moves this window and want to inject pace with their latest signings . they have held talks about a £4m deal for evian 's daniel wass , 25 , and asked about yannick bolasie of crystal palace . stoke also had scouts at le havre last weekend to watch defender ferland mendy , 19 , who has interest from sampdoria , sporting braga , standard liege and basle too . stoke have made an enquiry about yevhen konoplyanka ( left ) , who will be out of contract this summer . everton have interest from clubs in midfielder mohamed besic . the 22-year-old german-born bosnia international has shown glimpses of his potential this season following his £4.8m arrival from ferencvaros last summer . he also impressed at the world cup in brazil . besic has picked up 11 yellow cards and can tread a fine line disciplinary-wise at times but everton are keen to keep him . roberto martinez is a confirmed fan but the fact besic has not started regularly has prompted clubs to check whether there is potential to strike a deal . everton are looking for another midfielder , two forwards and a left-sided centre-back . they have also checked on aberdeen 's promising midfielder ryan jack , 23 . interest from arsenal and tottenham also remains in james mccarthy but his price tag or everton 's reluctance to listen to offers will make that difficult . 22-year-old everton midfielder mohamed besic has been attracting interest from european clubs . real madrid may need to pay iker casillas £10million to leave . the future of the 33-year-old goalkeeper is under scrutiny every day and his form has not been what is should be . that has prompted more calls for madrid to bring in david de gea from manchester united but first casillas would need to move on . he is contracted until 2017 and earns around £5.75m a year . in terms of recognition for his service , his advisers would push for the club to pay him his outstanding salary on the contract . real madrid could end up paying veteran goalkeeper iker casillas £10million to leave the club . david de gea is tempted by a return to madrid but has still to decisively make up his mind on when that should be . although arsenal have been linked with casillas , there are reservations about his form , something that has also been questioned within the madrid dressing room . mls sides and those in the middle east have shown an interest in casillas should he opt to go . key for madrid , and united , is that any impending transfer ban will either accelerate decisions to buy or put blocks on sales . david de gea is tempted with a move to madrid , but could yet stay loyal to manchester united . crystal palace and west brom have shown an interest in montpellier defender daniel congre . congre , 30 , can play at right-back , centre-back and left-back . he could be available for a cut-price deal of just £1.4m . the defender is currently considering a contract extension from the ligue 1 outfit . crystal palace and west brom have shown an interest in montpellier defender daniel congre ( left ) . bradford city striker billy clarke is a man in demand this summer . the cork-born forward is bradford 's top scorer with 13 goals this season but has one year left on contract and is a target for the likes of wigan , peterborough , preston and sheffield united . bradford city striker billy clarke is a target for the likes of wigan , peterborough and sheffield united .