edwin ' jock ' mee , ( pictured outside court at an earlier hearing ) allegedly targeted 11 cadets as young as 15 , during the army interview process . an army recruitment sergeant got a teenage cadet pregnant after raping her during a campaign of abuse against female recruits , a court heard today . edwin ' jock ' mee , 45 , allegedly targeted 11 cadets , aged between 15 and 25 , on a military base in croydon , south london , during the army interview and screening process . southwark crown court heard he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas , who he isolated and ' kept ' to himself so he could sexually abuse them . many of his vulnerable victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands . one of the women , a virgin in her early 20s , fell pregnant when mee raped her in a locked waiting room , jurors were told . she was in the uk on a student visa and mee told her she needed to renew her passport and asked if she worked as a prostitute in the uk , jurors heard . he became ' aggressive ' and looked down her top and rubbed her thigh while she was taking a test , it was claimed . after raping her , mee told her she was a ' sweet child ' , jurors heard . doctors found that she had a ruptured ectopic pregnancy for which she was operated on after collapsing in hospital . when she called mee to explain what had happened , he allegedly replied ' i thought you were safe ' and never spoke to her again . on another occasion he raped a 19-year-old from sierra leone after asking her for sex on the basis that he would get her a passport in return . ' he pressurised her to the extent that she felt she would be compelled to submit to his demands , ' rosina cottage qc said in opening the case to the jury . ' he told her that she had control over her status in the country . ' mee raped her , before forcing her to perform a sex act on him , it was said . ' he told her that if she said anything , no one would listen to her , she would not have a job , she would have nothing , ' miss cottage said . the divorced father-of-five denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration , which are said to have happened between october 2010 and september 2011 . mee , formerly of croydon but who now lives in glasgow , wore his grey hair in a pony tail and dressed in a smart suit and tie as he listened intently while miss cottage opened the case . she said the attacks had been an ' abuse of trust and power by this defendant in order to bully and groom young women ' . he would ' gauge their vulnerability ' and speak to the women about sex , touch them and in the most serious instances rape those over whom he had established control , miss cottage said . she added : ' a number of the complainants in this case were young black women , born outside the united kingdom . ' whether the defendant believed that this gave them a vulnerability in relation to their immigration status , or gave him an excuse to pretend that he had some power over them , the inference that the prosecution say can be drawn is that he deliberately targeted these young women . ' she told the court mee , known to many as ' jock ' , was employed as a recruiting sergeant with the british army at the mitcham barracks army careers and information office ( acio ) in croydon . ' his job was to screen cadet applications , interview those applicants and support their application through the process of attaining certain fitness levels and tests , ' she said . ' each of the complainants in this case was a cadet whose application was in the charge of this defendant . ' she explained that the interview involves a three-part process , starting with a meet and greet , then a more personal interview with questions about family circumstances , motivation and commitment . the third interview , known as a confirmation interview , should be conducted by a different person from the first two , but the scottish officer ignored the system , jurors heard . ' each of the complainants seems to have been kept by him , to himself . every interview , every appointment , ' said ms cottage . one girl was just 16 when mee allegedly slapped her bottom and when she said she did n't like it he told her : ' it 's you who needs the army ' . ms cottage said : ' initially he appeared professional , but then started to talk about his wife and telling her about personal matters . the divorced father-of-five ( pictured leaving court yesterday ) denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration , which are said to have happened between 2010 and 2011 . ' he then wanted to ask her about her private life and whether she had a boyfriend . he asked her if she had body piercings and asked to see the piercing in her stomach area . ' she told him she was uncomfortable with this line of conversation and then he asked her if she would go and have a coffee with him . ' after she left she had a call from the defendant on a mobile phone asking her whether she had thought about his offer of coffee . ' a week later the girl returned to the office to book the british army recruitment battery - a computer based test and it was then that he allegedly slapped her bottom . the woman decided not to pursue a career in the army ' because of the defendant 's behaviour ' . giving evidence behind a curtain , she told the court that mee explained during their first meeting that his wife had cheated on him . another of the complainants broke down in tears as she gave evidence where she claimed that mee ' made a joke ' about her quiff hairstyle during a visit to the recruitment centre with her mother . jurors were told mee had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas , who he ' kept ' to himself so he could sexually abuse them . she explained to the court from behind a screen that during her first meeting with the sergeant , when she was around 19 , after she applied to join the army online and was invited for an interview with mee in 2011 . he allegedly asked if she would date people of other races because the army ' does n't stand for racism ' . on another visit , her mother told the recruitment officer that she was ' worried ' about her daughter joining the armed forces . sobbing , the witness , who is now 23 , told the court that mee had replied jokingly , and added : ' he said that i would attract the taliban with my hair . ' under cross-examination by lisa wilding qc , for the defence , she later admitted that the sergeant had joked instead that she would ' scare the taliban off ' with her hair . on a separate occasion , the complainant went to the centre to carry out some physical training , which she admitted struggling with , and mee asked her into his office . he ordered her to do some sit ups while he held her ankles , it was said . ' i lay down , he held my ankles and i did some sit ups , ' she said . ' i did n't want to do it and he was like , reassuring me because i had a skirt on . ' she only managed 10 sit ups and mee told her to attend a training session the following thursday . the witness , who said she was the only woman , added : ' after the session finished we went back to his office , he said i needed to practice more and improve my fitness . ' when i was leaving he hit my bum when i was walking out the door . i was quite shocked , i did n't know what was going on . i just wanted to go and i did . ' later she claimed to have contacted mee to say that she had decided not to join the army because of the ' physical aspect of it ' . she said she did not tell anyone about the smack on the bottom until police sent a letter to her house . asked why she had not spoken about the incident with her mother , she said she was ' kind of embarrassed ' . the scotsman listened to the evidence of his alleged victims with the aid of a hearing loop . ms cottage said : ' this is a pattern of sexual , bullying behaviour that was repeated again and again to the female cadets to make them feel that he had power over them and control over their future . ' he was british army recruiting sergeant at mitcham barracks in croydon ( pictured ) in the careers and information office . the youngest alleged victim was just 15 when she went several times to the recruitment office . he asked her for a date and tried to kiss her on the lips in a corridor , but she turned away and he ' got her on the cheek ' , the court heard . on thursday afternoons there were fitness assessments at croydon athletics arena for up to 30 cadets supervised by two staff members , it was said . a number of mee 's alleged victims attended the regular thursday training sessions , the court heard . ms cottage said : ' sergeant mee regularly stayed the latest of all the officers . the acio is closed to members of the public at the weekends , but occasionally the defendant was seen on the premises at weekends . ' a fellow officer , stuart conroy noticed he would conduct interviews with applicants out of hours and particularly remembers the defendant interviewing a young woman who sergeant conroy had interviewed earlier in the day , ' she said . the alleged offences were initially investigated by the royal military police , before the case was then handed to the metropolitan police . the trial , which is expected to run for six to eight weeks , continues .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .