the baby boom generation is set to leave one last burden to its children and grandchildren – a wave of funeral debt . the cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths as the unprecedented numbers of post-world war two babies come to the end of their lives may be too much for many families , a report said . it predicted that numbers of deaths in britain , which have been falling for 40 years , will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades . at the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast , thanks to higher costs for cremation , rising undertakers’ bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts , and the increasing fees demanded by churches . deaths in britain , which have been falling for 40 years , will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades , a report by a think tank has found ( file photo ) . the report , prepared by an old age think tank , the international longevity centre-uk , and backed by insurance firm onefamily , suggests that younger people who already feel financially hard pressed in comparison to their parents will still be under money pressure even after their deaths . younger people are finding it increasingly difficult to afford homes or to start families , and in the long-term their pensions are much less secure than those of their parents , many of whom enjoyed the generous and fast-disappearing defined benefit pension system . the report from ilc-uk to be published next week said that death rates are set to go up following a long period in which medical advances , better diet , healthier lifestyles and the growing unpopularity of smoking , and the decline of dangerous heavy industrial jobs , have meant fewer people have been dying despite a rising population . ‘ after decades of the number of deaths in the uk falling , 2015 will mark a tipping point where the historic trend starts to reverse , ’ it said . ‘ as the oldest of the baby boomer generation move through their later years , deaths are predicted to rise by 20 per cent . ’ it added : ‘ this will have significant implications for current forecasts of funeral costs and highlights a growing need for families to broach the delicate subject of end of life expenses . ’ a ' simple ' funeral with a cremation , a minister and an undertaker now costs £3 , 590 . baroness sally greengross of ilc-uk said : ‘ more than half of uk households have less than £3,000 in savings and many will struggle to cover funeral costs . ‘ we all need to talk more about dying and ensure we are prepared for the inevitable . state support for funerals is complex and inadequate and without reforms will contribute to more people falling victim to funeral debt . ’ the report said that funeral costs have already risen by 80 per cent over the past 10 years and costs are set to go up further . a ‘simple’ funeral , with a cremation , a minister and an undertaker , now costs an average of £3,590 , it found . however a family that wants to throw in a memorial stone , death notices , flowers , limousines , a wake and somewhere to hold it , is likely to be looking at spending almost £2,000 more . an average ‘ full works’ funeral now costs £5,423 , the report said . costs are going up , it found , partly for technical reasons . crematoria now need to cover costs for removing fillings from the teeth of the dead , for example , because they must remove mercury from the body before disposal . funeral firms are under growing costs pressures , not least because some families can not or will not pay their bills , and the fees for a church of england vicar to conduct the funeral went up in 2013 from £102 to £160 . more than one in five families do not have money left by the deceased to help with the cost of the funeral , the report said . 