they are the most recognisable shapes in the night sky , tracing distinctive patterns that have enabled astronomers to navigate the starscape above them for thousands of years . yet for anyone staring at the heavens 98,000 year from now , the constellations could look very different indeed . martin vargic , a graphic designer from slovakia , has created a chart that shows how the most famous of the constellations have changed from 50,000 bc to 100,000ce . martin vargic used satellite data to chart how the constellation stars have shifted and will change in the future . using data collected by the european space agency on the gradually shifting position of stars , he has estimated how the constellations will change between . the results suggest that many of the most distinctive constellations will become almost unrecognisable in the future and some may need to be renamed entirely . stars generate sounds on their surface in an unexpected way , according to new experimental evidence . of course , as space is a vacuum it is impossible to hear sound in space , but the discovery reveals a new way that fluids can interact to produce a sound - one with an extremely high frequency . the researchers found that , when material - dust or gas from nearby - falls onto a star , it can produce an extremely high pitched sound in the plasma . the researchers said the phenomenon is ' more common in younger stars ' that are still accumulating material from their surroundings . it would be less common in more mature stars , like our sun . the big dipper , for example , will change from looking like a plough to something that looks more like duck , while the proud form of leo will mutate into an unrecognisable shape . orion , named after the hunter in greek mythology , will lose his head and the crux will become little more than two parallel lines similar to an equals sign . mr vargic 's chart also shows how some of the more abstract constellations , like cassiopeia , were almost unrecognisable further back in human history when our ancestors were still living in caves . lyra would also have faced completely the wrong way 52,000 years ago . mr vargic said : ' on a short timescale , stars appear to maintain nearly fixed positions in relation to each other , long term observations show that all stars indeed move and all constellations gradually change over time . ' astronomers have been recording the position of the stars since the ancient greeks , who believed the earth was at the centre of the universe due to the apparent unchanging nature of the stars . this animation shows how the constellation leo changed from 50,000bc to what it will look like in 100,000ce . the constellations were initially named after real life objects and mythical figures they appeared to represent and that tradition has continued . there are now 88 officially recognised constellations . in some cases ancient travelers used the constellations to help find their way at night . now , using sophisticated observations from space telescopes like hubble and the european space agency 's hipparcos satellite , scientists have been able to watch the movement of the stars . this has allowed astronomers to predict the position of the stars thousands of years into the future . mr vargic 's chart shows how some of the constellations will become probably need to be renamed . from left to right the image above shows how they changed from 50,000bc , 2,000ad , 50,000ce and 100,000ce . this animation shows how leo has changed since 50,000bc and how unrecognisable it will be in 100,000ce . mr vargic used data from the four year long hipparcos satellite mission , which was launched in 1989 , to collect data on the position of the stars . while there are some celestial objects that move across the sky quite regularly - such as the planets and the moon - most of the stars vary little in relation to each other . obviously their position in the sky changes as the earth itself spins on its axis and moves around the sun , the constellations have remained appeared constant through out human history . this animation show the changing face of the constellation cassiopia from 50,000bc to 100,000ce . this animation shows how orion 's distinctive shape will change to become headless in the next 98,000 years . in fact many stars , including our own sun , are moving through space at thousands of miles per hour . however the vast distances between the earth and the stars makes them appear static and those that are closer appear to move more . dr marek kukula , public astronomer at the royal observatory in greenwich , said : ' in art and poetry the idea of the stars being fixed and eternal is a strong theme . ' however , we now know our solar system is moving through the milky way and other stars have their own particular paths . ' the constellations shapes already look a bid dodgy when trying to see the patterns in them , but in the future we may need to find some different names for them altogether . ' the big dipper could eventually start to look more like the big duck over the next 98,000 years . this animation shows how the crux will shift from being a distinct crucifix to two parallel lines by 100,000ce .