as attempts to break a world record go , it was pretty impressive . a chinese team took a kite measuring an astonishing 6,000 metres ( 3.7 miles ) to a kite flying festival - aiming to break the world record by a massive 1,000 metres . but they had overlooked the fact that their kite was so big , it posed a danger to passing aircraft . the kite , dubbed ' centipede with a dragon 's head ' , was set to fly at the wulong international kite festival last saturday in chongqing in south-western china , according to people 's daily online . scroll down for video . flying high : half of the 6,000-metre-long dragon-themed kite took to the sky in chongqing last saturday . skilful : the kite weighs 200 kilograms and requires three experienced kite flyers to manoeuvre . however , chinese aviation authorities ruled that the dragon-themed kite - which is made from 2,000 separate pieces and weighs a whopping 200 kilograms - could not be flown , and the team were forced to fly only half of it . the weather at the kite flying festival in chongqing undoubtedly played a part , with a heavy mist reducing visibility not only for pilots but for spectators who had turned up to witness the annual event . each of the 2,000 pieces bears the chinese characters ' china dream ' and it takes eight hours to get the full-length kite airborne . wang dongming , one of the three kite flyers , said special sturdier rope made from kevlar - which is also used to make bulletproof vests - had to be used to thread the kite . mr wang said : ' big kites and kites that are used for trick flying are usually built from this kevlar rope to prevent the line from snapping in the wind . ' in order to secure the pieces on the kite , craftsmen only used bamboo that was more than three years old which can resist severe wind . colourful : kites of all shapes and shades take to the sky in chongqing during the four-day-long festival . although the kite did not fly full-length , organisers of the festival still claimed that they had broken the guinness world record for the longest kite in the world . the previous record is reported to set by a 5,000m-long kite made by craftsmen in weifang in eastern china last spring . professional kite flying teams from over 13 countries participated in the four-day-long wulong international kite festival , including representatives from china , new zealand , the uk and italy . historical : a popular pastime in china , kite flying dates back some 2,000 years . global appeal : professional kite flying teams from over 13 countries participated in the festival . 