masks were donned , capes were tied and tights were squeezed into as thousands of comic book fans around the world dressed up in unison in an attempt to break a world record . warner bros and dc entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as dc comics superheroes within 24 hours . the april 18 event kicked off in queensland , australia , with a celebration at the movie world australia theme park and ended in los angeles , california , at the hollywood & highland center . scroll down for video . warner bros and dc entertainment attempted to set a world record for most people dressed as superheroes . comic book fans around the world dressed up in unison in an attempt to break the record on april 18 , 2015 . the event kicked off in queensland , australia , with a celebration at the movie world australia theme park . it ended in style in los angeles , california , at the hollywood & highland center . the record was probably set . venues in 15 cities in the us , uk , france , spain , mexico , italy , brazil , taiwan and the philippines all participated . venues in 15 cities , including los angeles and queensland , participated in the event . the other 13 locations were : birmingham , uk , cardiff , uk , kaohsiung , taiwan , lille , france , london , uk , lyon , france , madrid , spain , manila , philippines , mexico city , mexico , paris , france , rome , italy , sao paulo , brazil and warrington , uk . fans around the globe dressed as classic dc characters like wonder woman , superman , batman , robin , batgirl , supergirl , aquaman , cyborg , the flash , green arrow , and green lantern during the attempt - and a few people even dressed up their pets . fans happily dressed up as classic dc characters like wonder woman , superman , batman and the flash . some fans even dressed up their pets as dc comics characters . marvel heroes like spider man were n't allowed . to be counted , fans had to gather in the assigned area at each local event and stay there for a full five minutes . the largest gathering of people dressed as superman was 867 , according to guinness . the record was set at the kendal calling festival in lowther deer park , cumbria , uk , on july 27 , 2013 . impressive as that was , it was not the largest gathering of people ever dressed as a superhero . that record was set by 1,580 participants in an event organized by paramount studios to promote the dreamworks movie megamind in los angeles , california , usa on october 2 , 2010 . given the global scale of saturday 's event , it seems likely the megamind record was broken . some people dressed as robin , batgirl , supergirl , aquaman , cyborg , the flash , green arrow or green lantern . dc invited ' fans of all ages to come out for this exciting family event and don their capes , cowls and masks ' . when the event was announced , warner bros consumer products president brad globe said : ' warner bros consumer products is thrilled to team up with partners around the world to set the world record for the most people dressed as dc comics superheroes . ' we invite fans of all ages to come out for this exciting family event and don their capes , cowls and masks to represent their favorite dc comics superhero . ' in order to be counted , fans had to gather in the assigned area at each local event and stay there for five minutes . other participating cities included birmingham , cardiff , kaohsiung , london , madrid , manila and mexico city . the current record for the largest gathering of people dressed as a superhero is 1,580 and it was set in 2010 . 