justin rose will make his first appearance since finishing second in the masters in the zurich classic of new orleans , an event where he has an impressive recent record . former us open champion rose , who was joint second with phil mickelson behind jordan spieth at augusta national , has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at tpc louisiana . since missing the cut in 2011 , the 34-year-old ryder cup star has finished 10th , 15th and eighth and is a total of 38 under par , with his last 12 rounds all at par or better . justin rose finished joint second in the masters at augusta national earlier this month . rose returns to action at the zurich classic of new orleans at tpc louisiana this week . rose will play alongside two other players who performed well in the masters for the first two rounds , world number 13 rickie fowler finishing 12th and steve stricker - 28th in his first tournament of 2015 . stricker underwent back surgery in december last year and will continue to play a limited schedule as he works his way back to full fitness , but the 48-year-old has not given up hope of another ryder cup appearance even though the seniors tour looms when he turns 50 . ' no matter what tournament i go to i want to be prepared and to play well and this is no different , ' stricker told a pre-tournament press conference . ' even though it 's only my second event , i have high expectations of what i can do and what i should do . so i come here thinking that i can play well , but deep down i know it 's a process and i 've got some work to do . rose looks on as jordan spieth celebrates becoming masters champion earlier this month . ' i 'm probably a little more relaxed with things now than i was say 10 years ago when i was trying to find my game . i would say that i 'm more comfortable in my own skin and what i do out here on tour is just kind of bonus . ' i 've kind of relaxed my schedule the last few years , so that 's probably why i have this attitude about playing . i 'm much more excited to play when i do come to an event because i 'm not playing as much . i enjoy my time at home probably more so because i 'm spending bigger blocks of time at home . steve stricker ( right ) is making his way back to full fitness after back surgery last december and will also play in the zurich classic of new orleans . ' so right now i have really the best of both worlds and that 's what i 'll continue to do all the way up to the senior tour when i start playing some of that . ' i 'm still very competitive though . i say i 'm pretty relaxed and casual with things . but when it comes down to it , i really still want to win again and play well and maybe make another team event before all is said and done . so i still have some drive in there . '