the rubik’s cube is notorious for having boggled many a bright mind since its official inception in 1980 . but for youtube user joe penna , who is based in los angeles , and animator jeff schweikart it is merely a toy in which to create amazing pieces of artwork . penna , who is best known online as mysteryguitarman , solved a whopping 1,296 mini rubik 's cubes 961 times to create a short animated video . youtube user joe penna ( pictured ) and animator jeff schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete the project . with the help of schweikart , the pair produce arguably the greatest love story ever told between a pair of robots with a lot of rubik’s cubes . the short narrative features a robot entering a workshop , building a spaceship and heading off into the atmosphere . after encountering some trouble , he crash lands on a planet and is first greeted by a dog before he meets the love of his life . the robot love story was created by joe penna solving a whopping 1,296 rubik 's cubes a total of 961 times . the animated video features a robot building a spaceship , heading off into the atmosphere and finding love . the pair then abandon the destroyed spaceship and zoom off into atmosphere with the help of the female robot , who acts as a robotic-style jet pack . throughout the clip , which lasts one minute and 25 seconds , a squeaky backing track plays that would not sound out of place in a game of pac-man . according to penna , who commented on his video’s original upload , the elaborate project took a total of four people between three and four weeks to complete . a squeaky backing track that would n't sound out of place in a game of pac-man is featured throughout the one minute and 25 second clip . joe penna , who is better known on his youtube channel as mysteryguitarman , was assisted by three other people during the project . and the 27-year-old also had some advice for someone who asked him for some tips . he wrote : ‘ practice . a lot . make the kind of stuff you want to watch . it really is one of those things where the more you do it the better you get at it . ’ the rubik’s cube is widely considered to be the world’s best-selling toy and reached its height of mainstream popularity in the 1980s . since then many speedcubers have emerged and compete against each other in competitions organised by the world cube association . joe penna wrote on his youtube page that a lot of practice was the reason for him being so good at utilising rubik 's cubes .