an indian woman who holds several awards for the extreme length of her hair has ambitions of one day becoming a guinness world record holder . smita srivastava , of allahabad , in the indian state of uttar pradesh , currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india – documented at 6ft ( 1.8m ) in the limca book of records . her hair now stands at 7ft ( 2.1m ) – more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player . smita srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india , documented in the limca book of records . but the 37-year-old indian rapunzel , who has become somewhat of a local celebrity , does not intend to rest on her laurels . she said : ‘ my life is a busy life . my hair length is 7 feet . ‘ i have won many awards and i am a record holder in the limca book of records and i am planning to attempt a record for the guinness book of records . ms srivastava 's hair was measured at 7ft ( 2.1m ) , which is more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player . ms srivastava 's hair has made her a local celebrity and she is a regular jury member at a major beauty contest in her hometown . ‘ whenever i go out shopping to the market people admire me and they come and talk to me , asking me how i have such long hair . ‘ women and kids come and touch my hair thinking that it 's fake hair . ‘ but after realising it is original hair , they say “ you are lucky” and that my hair is “ so good and long . '' ' ms srivastava has had a passion for growing her hair ever since she was a child and her family support her endeavour . ms srivastava still has some way to go before she knocks the current guinness world record holder off her perch . ms srivastava has had a passion for growing her hair ever since she was a child and her family support her endeavour . she is a brand ambassador for several local oil products and is also a regular jury member at a major beauty contest in her hometown . despite her best efforts to date however , the indian rapunzel still has some way to go before she knocks the current guinness world record holder of the longest hair ( female ) off her perch . xie qiuping of china has held the record since 2004 after her hair , which she had been steadily growing since 1973 , was measured at 18ft 5.54in ( 5.627m ) . xie qiuping of china has held the record since 2004 after her hair was measured at 18ft 5.54in ( 5.627m ) ms srivastava said that people come up to her in the street and ask to touch her hair to see whether it is fake . 