stuart broad backed alastair cook to hit the test century that has eluded him for 33 innings on thursday and put england in a winning position in the second test . broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year to take three wickets for 19 here in grenada before a defiant last wicket stand of 52 from devendra bishoo and shannon gabriel lifted west indies to 299 . then cook , fighting for his captaincy in this series , and the under pressure jonathan trott joined forces to hit their first half-century partnership as an opening pair and reach 74 without loss by the close of a rain-affected second day . stuart broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year on day two in grenada . quick broad took three wickets on day two as england bowled west indies out for 299 . captain alastair cook , who won the toss and chose to bowl , worked his way to 37 not out at stumps . broad backs cook to go onto a big hundred and get his side in a winning position with three days left . when cook reached 17 of his unbeaten 37 he went past alec stewart to become the second highest run-scorer in england 's test history and now only his mentor in graham gooch stands ahead of him . ' he 's been an amazing performer for eight or nine years now , ' said broad . ' and he 's such a level headed character that you never know whether he 's got nought or 200 if you bumped into him in the evening . ' cooky wo n't be thinking about personal landmarks now . he knows if he gets a big hundred tomorrow he will set his team up with a fantastic chance of getting a result and it was great to see cook and trott back together again . hopefully they can score a lot more runs tomorrow . ' broad revealed that a chat with new bowling coach ottis gibson and a change of technique led him to add 10 miles per hour to his bowling overnight and look back to his best . cook plays a shot to the legside as he found some form on a rain-interrupted day two at st george 's . broad celebrates the wicket of west indies captain denesh ramdin , who was caught behind on 31 . ' i made a slight change overnight after watching quite a lot of footage of how i got my wickets and i was a bit wider on the crease which allowed my momentum to go straight through , ' said broad , who touched 91 miles per hour when bowling a beauty to take denesh ramdin 's wicket . ' it seemed to work and i was really pleased with how i bowled today . ' despite some momentum in the favour of cook 's side , broad admits england are battling both the weather and an at time defiant west indies as they look to force victory . with unpredictable forecasts around , broad knows only full days of cricket and a sizeable first-innings lead will leave the tourists on track . broad celebrates after reaching 91 miles per hour for the delivery that took denesh ramdin 's wicket . cook and jonathan trott leave the field at stumps having guided england to 74 runs without loss . ' the only way we can win is by getting 400 , 450 in the first innings and applying pressure that way , ' he said . ' we need a bit of lady luck , blue skies in the morning and hopefully there 's not too much swing . ' you ca n't have mornings like we 've had on every day of the test or it will be a draw . ' but we 've got a pretty simple job from now , which is to bat a day and half to two days because i do n't think anyone really knows how this wicket will behave late on day three , four or five . '