a couple in their 40s became unusual victims of age discrimination after their bank rejected a £250,000 mortgage application because it deemed the husband to be too old . hsbc was ordered to pay them compensation after the banking industry watchdog found it ‘ relied on untested assumptions , stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age’ in the case . the banking giant was criticised for refusing to grant the £250,000 loan because the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished , according to the sunday times . a couple in their 40s became unusual victims of age discrimination after hsbc rejected a £250,000 mortgage application because it deemed the husband to be too old . in the first case of its kind , the financial ombudsman service found the lender guilty of being ‘unfair’ . hsbc was ordered to pay £500 to the couple for their ‘ distress and inconvenience’ over the ‘ unfair application of its age policy’ , and was told to reconsider their loan application . bosses at the bank defended their decision and argued it was ‘ entitled to apply a maximum age policy’ , according to ombudsman documents seen by the newspaper . but the ombudsman said : ‘ the bank relied on untested assumptions , stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age . ’ the couple , who do not wish to be named , applied for the joint interest-only mortgage over 18 years on their home , in which they held substantial equity . hsbc had issued a decision in principle , indicating that they would be prepared to lend the money , but it then refused to proceed due to the husband’s age . the husband , however , does not plan to retire at 65 and his final salary pension would be large enough to cover the monthly repayments . he also has pension pots and his wife would have been able to pay the loan from her income alone , if necessary . the couple complained and claimed they had been victims of discrimination . the complaint was upheld by the ombudsman - the first time it has done so specifically on the grounds of age for a mortgage . hsbc said its decision was based on its age restrictions for interest-only loans , a type of mortgage that allows borrowers to pay off the interest but none of the capital . hsbc was ordered to pay £500 to the couple for their ‘ distress and inconvenience’ over the ‘ unfair application of its age policy’ , and was told to reconsider their loan application . the bank – like many other lenders - has tightened its criteria , and does not offer interest-only loans with a term beyond a borrower’s 65th birthday . for repayment mortgages , the age ceiling is 75 . the bank told the sunday times : ‘ as a responsible lender , we need to ensure our customers’ ability to repay their mortgage . ‘ with interest-only lending we also need to understand how a customer will repay the capital when the mortgage matures . ‘ regulatory requirements to show responsible lending and the repayment vehicles associated with interest-only loans have become more stringent since this application was made . ‘it’s important to stress that when we look at a mortgage application we take a number of different factors into account , which includes assessing each customer’s individual circumstances . ’ the ombudsman’s decision offers hope for borrowers who have struggled to get mortgages due to strict policies on age and income .