the attorney representing a 16-year-old pennsylvania boy charged with fatally shooting a friend in the face and then taking a selfie with his lifeless body stated in court wednesday that the killing was an accident . defense attorney patrick thomassey does n't deny that maxwell morton , of jeannette , killed 16-year-old ryan mangan at mangan 's home february 4 . but thomassey disputes that morton meant to kill mangan . he says the boys were horsing around with a loaded gun when mangan was shot in the left eye . scroll down for video . maxwell morton ( left ) , 16 , has been charged with murder in the death of mangan ( right ) , 16 , after mangan was found with a single gunshot wound to the face . headed for trial : morton , seen here being led in handcuffs into a courthouse wednesday , was ordered to stand trial for the alleged murder . accidental or intentional ? morton 's lawyer and family insisted he and the victim were friends and there was no animosity between the two boys . during a hearing wednesday , a police officer testified that morton was trying to take a picture of mangan with the cellphone aimed down the barrel of the gun before pulling the trigger . thomassey says morton panicked and took the selfie to send to a friend via snapchat as ' proof ' after the friend refused to believe what happened . the defense attorney said it was mangan who brought the gun and reloaded it for morton . what happened next , according to tomassey , was a terrible accident . ' obviously , there was no animus whatsoever between these two young men , ' he told reporters . morton 's relatives , who attended wednesday 's hearing , sounded a similar note when asked about the deadly shooting outside the courtroom . ' it was an accident . that was his friend , ' said the teenager 's mother , honey morton , accoding to the station kdka . mangan 's family were also in the audience but declined to speak to the press . morton , dressed in a suit and tie , was led in handcuffs into the westmoreland county courthouse by a pair of officers for a preliminary hearing wednesday , which concluded with district judge joseph demarchis ordering the 16-year-old to stand trial for first-degree murder and possession of a firearm by a minor . detective bob weaver testified in court that morton had sent the selfie of mangan 's body slumped over a chair via an xbox to a friend in wisconsin . he also allegedly boasted that he ' got his first body , reported triblive . morton was identified by police after he sent a selfie on snapchat of himself posing with mangan 's ( above ) body . according to authorities , when police came to interview morton a day after the shooting , the teenager made a confession . ' i just shot him . it did n't matter , and i do n't care , ' he was quoted as telling the cops . police also recovered a 9mm handgun from the basement of the boy 's home , which morton allegedly identified as the weapon used in the shooting . district attorney john peck said that based on the evidence and morton 's own statements , the shooting was not accidental and the suspect 's actions afterwards show a ' callousness of guilt . ' morton is being held without bond pending his formal arraignment scheduled for may 20 . ryan mangan , a junior at jeannette high school where maxwell morton was also a student , was found dead around 6pm on february 4 by his mother , rebecca murtland . investigators at the scene found a 9mm shell casing but a handgun was not recovered at the time . the day after mangan was found , a mother of one of morton 's friends told police her son received a selfie on snapchat of the victim who was sitting in a chair with a bloody wound to his face , according to the post-gazette . morton 's friend saved the image before it deleted itself , as snapchat lets users send images that are removed from the recipient 's phone after a few seconds . the friend 's mother also said her son received messages from morton that said : ' i told you i cleaned up the shells ' , ' ryan was not the last one ' and ' got my first body . ' the teen was discovered by his mother in her home ( above ) last wednesday evening . mangan was a junior in high school at jeannette high school and has been described as a fun-loving guy by friends . following a search at morton 's home , he confessed to shooting mangan after police found a 9mm handgun hidden under the basement steps that matched the shell casing found at the scene of the murder , according to triblive . mangan 's friends have gathered to comfort each other as they mourn his loss , and described him as a fun-loving guy who was goofy and funny . his friend taylor wiltrout said she just wants justice served in the case . she said : ' that would be the most important thing . that 's what he would want . he would want all of us to continue on and go on like he 's still here and do what we planned on doing . ' 