despite only occupying 1 per cent of the earth 's land mass , indonesia 's rainforests are home to 12 per cent of mammal species in the world including the sumatran rhino and the talaud fruit bat . the region tops the list of countries with the most threatened mammals , according to maps based on data from the world bank . and madagascar is second , with 114 endangered mammals , while mexico sits in third with 101 . the eco experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals . the firm used the world bank 's world development indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures . the maps were designed by london-based the eco experts using the world bank 's world development indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures . indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk , including orangutans and critically endangered sumatran tigers and rhinos . 1 . indonesia - 184 . 2 . madagascar - 114 . 3 . mexico - 101 . 4 . india - 94 . 5 . brazil - 82 . 6 . china - 73 . 7 . malaysia - 70 . 8 . thailand - 55 . 9 . australia - 55 . 10 . peru - 54 . in madagascar , lemurs are one of the most at risk species , as are shrew tenrecs . there are 105 recognised species of lemur , of which 24 are critically endangered , 49 are endangered , 20 are vulnerable and three are near-threatened . in mexico , the loss of habitat as a result of agriculture and fishing has already driven many species close to extinction . for example , vaquita is the world’s rarest marine mammal . the small porpoise was n't discovered until 1958 but there are now said to be fewer than 100 in the wild . in brazil there are 82 endangered mammals . experts from lancaster university recently surveyed households in the cities of borba and novo aripuanã to find out which animals they hunt and eat from the rainforest . the uk has five endangered mammals , but these are almost exclusively marine mammals such as seals and whales that have come under threat from over fishing , including the blue whale , the fin whale , the sei whale and the north atlantic right whale . despite only occupying 1 % of the earth 's land mass , indonesia 's rainforests are home to 12 % of mammal species in the world . these include the sumatran rhinoceros , the talaud fruit bat and the sea otter . indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk including orangutans and critically endangered sumatran tigers ( pictured ) and rhinos . they found that virtually all of the 153 households - 99 per cent - eat fish found in the jungle at least once a month , while 79 per cent eat bushmeat made up of both mammals and birds . nearly half of the households surveyed - 48 per cent - said they eat turtles and tortoises , with 28 per cent feasting on caimans . and some of the species being eaten are classed as endangered , vulnerable and threatened . madagascar is second on the list with 114 endangered mammals , with threats particularly facing lemurs and the region 's shrew tenrecs . this compares to 38 in cameroon and 24 in south africa . there are 105 recognised species of lemur ( ruffed lemur pictured ) , of which 24 are critically endangered , 49 are endangered , 20 are vulnerable and three are near-threatened . these include a type of forest pig called the white-lipped peccary , which despite being ‘ near threatened’ was eaten by 19 per cent of those surveyed . the uk has five endangered mammals , but these are almost exclusively marine mammals such as seals and whales that have come under threat from over fishing . these include the blue whale , the fin whale , the sei whale and the north atlantic right whale . in the us , there are 35 endangered species including breeds of rats , bats and wolves . elsewhere in europe , spain has 16 endangered mammals including the iberian lynx ( pictured left ) , while portugal has 11 , turkey has 17 , ukraine has 11 and russia has 31 . this includes the russian desman ( right ) . these include the giant kangaroo rat , the indiana myosis bat , the black-footed ferret and the hog deer . during the 20th century , the global population of hog deer drastically dropped , with the almost total loss of hog deer from southeast asia . falling numbers are blamed on heavy hunting in these regions . in the us there are 35 endangered species , compared to canada 's 11 , including breeds of rats , bats and wolves . these include the giant kangaroo rat , the indiana myosis bat , the black-footed ferret and the hog deer . during the 20th century the global population of hog deer ( pictured ) drastically dropped , with the almost total loss of hog deer from southeast asia . falling numbers are blamed on heavy hunting in these regions . the black-footed ferret ( left ) is also at risk in north america , as is the hawaiian monk seal ( pictured right ) . jon whiting from the eco experts said : ' this new data is really alarming and suggests we need to do something urgently if we are going to prevent the extinction of these species . ' the most depressing element is that each of these threats are a direct result of human activity and our impact on the natural world . many of our most beautiful species are just silently slipping away , so it is incredibly important to raise awareness and pressure nations to be more responsible . ' in brazil there are 82 endangered mammals . experts from lancaster university recently surveyed households in the cities of borba and novo aripuanã to find out which animals they hunt and eat from the rainforest . some of the species being eaten are classed as vulnerable and threatened including the white-lipped peccary .