a stunning french castle has gone on the market for less than half the price of a flat in a desirable area of london . the 13th century castle in the dordogne , france has just been placed on the market for £703,400 . the 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land . scroll down for video . the hill-top castle sits on 46 hectares and is on the market for just £703,400 according to estate agents . the castle dates from the 13th century and was refurbished in the 19th century and again in 2002 . the property features its very own swimming pool and has fortified stone walls and entrance . despite being in the middle of the dordogne valley , the castle , with its turrets and defensive wall is only 15 minutes from the local airport , which offers regular flights to london city and london stansted airports . the castle is in gignic , and near the town of brives la gaillarde . it is only a two-hour drive from bordeaux . according to luxuryestate.com the castle was completely refurbished in the 19th century and underwent further work more recently in 2002 . for wine lovers , the castle is only a short journey from the bergerac wine producing region . with the average price of a central london flat hitting £1.35m million according to rightmove , the castle is a positive ' bargain ' . a spokesperson for luxuryestate.com said : ' this is a lovely 13th century castle . ' it has a big , chateau kitchen , very big sitting rooms with fireplaces and 14 luxurious double bedrooms , each with shower room and toilet . ' it 's a bargain with great potential for extension work . ' as befitting a luxury property , the castle features its own swimming pool . the castle is ideally located near an international airport which has regular flights to london . as befitting a 13th century castle , the property comes with its very own suit of armour and shield . guests unable to squeeze into any of the 14 en-suite bedrooms can stay in this rustic cottage , pictured . anyone harbouring dreams of being errol flynn can hold mock sword fights on the stone staircase . the castle even features its very own turret which unfortunately is in need of some restoration . the castle also boasts its very own courtyard terrace area , ideal for some summer entertaining . the interior of the property features magnificent stone arches and elaborate fireplaces . even the bathrooms have their own fireplaces although castle does have oil-fired heating . the castle is only 15 minutes from an airport which has direct flights to two london airports . the castle also seems to feature its very own religious shrine for those moments of quiet contemplation . on days when it is necessary to work from home , this may prove to be the ultimate ' hot desk ' .