after thursday night 's rapid-fire ticket sale , seats for floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao 's eagerly-anticipated weigh-in have sold out within minutes on friday evening . tickets for the pair 's face-off on may 1 , 24 hours before their mega-fight in las vegas , went on sale from the mgm property box offices on friday at 3pm - as fight fans queued around the block to get their hands on one of 10,000 tickets up for grabs . the mgm resorts box office was said to be overwhelmed with calls with boxing fan ryan o'hara tweeting : ' spoke with @ mgmgrand phone line was overwhelmed for # mayweatherpacquiao weigh-tickets , it crashed.. # boxing ' . fight fans queue for weigh-in tickets at the mgm property box offices in las vegas on friday . a poster advertising floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao is advertised from a shop window in las vegas . mayweather and pacquiao strike their poses during a news conference in los angeles last month . late last night , a ticket priced at $ 128,705 ( £85,508 ) appeared on the stubhub website after all tickets on public sale were snapped up inside a minute . one lucky english fan managed to snare a ticket for $ 7,924 ( £5,265 ) and tweeted his booking confirmation . mayweather and girlfriend doralie medina chill out at home days before the fight . manny pacquiao takes on the pads with trainer freddie roach in front of the watching media . friday 's sale came after tickets for the may mega-bout sold out within a minute of going on sale on ticketmaster on thursday night . just minutes after 8pm uk time ( 12 noon in las vegas ) , tickets for the richest bout in history began appearing on the secondary market with one ticket going for a cool $ 128,705 ( £85,508 ) on stubhub . after weeks of wrangling and accusations between mayweather promotions and pacquiao’s promoter bob arum , a batch of between 500 and 1,000 tickets were made available to boxing fans for the mega-fight in may . floyd mayweather ( left ) trains with his uncle roger during a media workout in las vegas last week . pacquiao also wrote on instagram : ' i 'm ready to rumble . nine days to go ' ahead of the clash . fight fans were able to purchase the tickets through mgmgrand.com and ticketmaster.com - although those precious seats certainly came at a cost as prices began at $ 1,500 ( £1,000 ) leading all the way up to $ 7,500 ( £5,000 ) per seat . prospective buyers were limited to four tickets per person . the mgmgrand.com website experienced issues minutes before the 8pm start time due to high traffic . those lucky enough to secure a seat for the mega-fight via ticketmaster will have to collect them in person from wednesday , april 29 from a designated collection point in las vegas . one lucky english boxing fan managed to snare a ticket for the big fight at a cost of $ 7,924 ( £5,265 ) and tweeted his booking confirmation on thursday night . super-ringside tickets costing $ 10,000 ( £6,600 ) were not released for public sale with several reports suggesting those seats would exchange hands on the ' black market ' for upwards of $ 200,000 ( £133,000 ) . mayweather vs pacquiao is advertised by an escalator at the mgm grand in las vegas on wednesday .