ap mccoy’s last chance of a national winner before he retires has evaporated after benvolio , his intended mount in this afternoon’s coral scottish national at ayr was withdrawn . mccoy will bring an end to his two-decade domination of jump racing after he rides at sandown a week today . but he will be a spectator in the big race this afternoon after unsuitable drying conditions at scottish track prompted benvolio to be scratched . ap mccoy finished fifth on shutthefrontdoor in the grand national , but will not ride in the scottish national . mccoy’s final quest for national glory began in the irish version of the race when sixth on cantlow on easter monday . the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion was then fifth on favourite shutthefrontdoor in last saturday’s grand national . mccoy , who recorded the 4,348th win when successful on capard king at ayr , said : ‘ it is disappointing not to be riding in the scottish national but the ground was going to be too quick for benvolio and , sadly , i could n't do the weight on any of the others . ’ mccoy has three rides at ayr today - sea lord , upsilon bleu and lettheriverrundry – but then is not expected to ride again until the sandown next weekend . a crowd of close to 20,000 is expected at sandown with only a few tickets still unsold . a heavily-influenced ap mccoy day will see the venue festooned in banners bearing his name while his 2010 grand national winner don’t push it and deanos beeno , an eight-time winner when ridden by him , will be among the champion racehorses to be paraded . mccoy will be presented with the trophy for his 20 championship before the third race , the ap mccoy celebration chase in which he is expected to ride paul nicholls-trained mr mole . meanwhile , richard hannon says he is confident cheveley park stakes winner tiggy wiggy will at least stay the seven furlongs of this afternoon’s fred darling stakes at newbury . mccoy will retire next week , but had been hoping for a final national success before benvolio withdrew . but evidence will have to be conclusive if the speedy filly , who won six of her eight races as a two-year-old , is to cement her position for the one mile 1,000 guineas at newmarket on may 3 . if her stamina is found out , a sprinting career would beckon . hannon said : ‘ she has been settling very well at home and she has been here and won before . hopefully , she will feel at home . ‘ i don’t think seven furlongs will be a problem and if she gets that there is a chance she will get further . this race will take the freshness out of her . ’ hannon puts 2.000 guineas hopes estidhkaar and ivawood , the middle park stakes runner-up , on classic trial in newbury’s one mile greenham stakes and ivawood also has stamina questions to answer . hannon said : ‘ ivawood is by ( sire ) zebedee , who never got further than five furlongs and he has loads of speed . estidhkaar will definitely get a mile and i hope they both will . it will be a finding out day . ’ the greenham also features roger varian-trained belardo , the 2014 dewhurst stakes winner . 