steven davis believes the fact so many southampton players worked under mauricio pochettino could give them the edge in this weekend 's vital match against tottenham . the former argentina defender last season led saints to their best ever premier league points tally during a memorable campaign at st mary 's . southampton fans ' goodwill towards pochettino was soon eroded , though , as his departure to white hart lane proved the catalyst to an unparalleled summer talent drain . steven davis ( pictured against hull earlier this month ) says southampton have an advantage over spurs . davis ' assertions come as mauricio pochettino heads to southampton for the first time since leaving . despite that , just a point and a place separate saints and spurs as a remarkable season comes to a close , with a positive result for the hosts on saturday enough to break the points record set last term . victory would see ronald koeman 's men usurp spurs in the standings and bolster their european chances , with davis , one of many to have worked under pochettino , well aware of what a ' big game ' this is for all connected to the club . ' the players never back away from ( the fact this is a big game ) , ' the northern ireland captain said . ' it 's nice to be in a position where we 're having big games at this stage of the season and there 's an importance on it . ' we 're looking forward to the game and hopefully we can bounce back and get the three points . ' it is great to be in a position where we 're still challenging for a european spot at this stage . ' we 've had a great season so far but we do n't want it to peter out , really . ' it 's about seeing it through and saturday gives us an opportunity to pick up points against one of our nearest rivals . ' james ward-prowse celebrates after scoring for southampton against hull city . tottenham are the only current premier league side southampton have failed to beat since their premier league return in 2012 - a run davis believes the players ' knowledge of pochettino 's methods can help them end . ' obviously we know how mauricio works and how he sets up his teams , ' he told southampton 's official youtube channel . ' hopefully that will be an advantage to us in terms of the players as we know a bit of background . ' obviously it will be nice to see him as enjoyed some good times under him here , but we 're confident going into the game and looking to take the three points . ' the fans will hopefully get behind us as they always do . there will be an edge to the game with a returning manager , so it 's a game for everyone to look forward to . ' 