they were once sprawling palace compounds that were used to intimidate and strike fear into the hearts of libyans . now the homes and residences of colonel muammar gaddafi have been reduced to rubble - and even used as pet markets to sell birds and dogs . four years after the 2011 revolution that saw colonel gaddafi 's hold on libya crumbled , the once feared bab al-aziziya compound , situated in the capital city of tripoli , resembles a wasteland . scroll down for video . colonel muammar gaddafi stands with his wife and children near bab al-azizia palace in november 1986 , before it was left in ruins by air raids . reduced the rubble : the former bab al-aziziya palace , which boasted a zoo , fairground and pool , now lies in a derelict state . during his rule , libyans would be nervous just walking anywhere near the fortress-like seat of the gaddafi regime . the dictator ruled for almost 42 years , after he took control in a coup d'etat in 1969 . following an uprising as part of the arab spring in 2011 and ensuing civil war , he was hounded out of tripoli and killed by members of the national transitional council . speaking about life before the uprising , tripoli taxi driver hassan said people feared to go near the bab al-aziziya compound in tripoli . ' people were afraid even to look at the walls , for fear of being arrested , ' he said . all that remains of the palace , which had been hit in a 1986 us air strike before being pounded by nato four years ago , are a few ruined buildings , the green flooring of gaddafi 's home and a dug-up network of underground tunnels . then : a mural of a smiling colonel gaddafi was painted on the side of the bab al-aziziya palace , but was a symbol of fear and terror to libyans . growing up gaddafi 's children enjoyed their own fairground within the palace in tripoli - yet millions of libyan people suffered under his reign . now : the palace has lain in ruin for almost four years , after it was hastily bulldozed by rebels once they took control of it in 2011 . nowadays , only shabby outbuildings are left on the palace grounds , covered in graffiti and revolutionary slogans , while holes leading to a network of underground tunnels that once ran under the stronghold can still be accessed . the monument of a gold-coloured fist clenching a us fighter plane was vandalised and sent off to misrata , a rebel bastion during the revolt which ousted and killed gaddafi . at a safe distance from his people , gaddafi lived behind fortified walls with his wife , their children , close advisers and guards . apart from the bedouin tents on which gaddafi prided himself and which accommodated him on travels abroad , the compound once showcased a zoo , an indoor pool , countless murals and a fairground in its gardens . rebels posted for photos in a foreign dignitaries reception room at bab al-aziziya when they stormed the building in 2011 . the rebels later bulldozed the palace - but the green flooring from gaddafi 's home is still visible in parts of the derelict site . gaddafi had expanded the grounds by knocking down adjacent neighbourhoods . bab al-aziziya ' was a symbol of the gaddafi era . today , we have destroyed this symbol , we have demolished and razed it to the ground , ' said adel mohammed farina , tourism ministry spokesman of a tripoli-based government . ' he ( gaddafi ) will be mentioned briefly in history books and documentaries but nothing of his will remain as it is , ' said farina . rebels hastily bulldozed much of the compound when they captured it in august 2011 . a libyan army soldier patrols the heavily-fortified compound in march 2011 , before the beginning of the civil war and fighters took it over . having taking control of the palace in late 2011 , rebels used a crane to remove the statue of the us plane clutched by a fist outside the building . rubbish now piles up at the site of the former tripoli palace . plans to turn the site into a national park have never materialised . homeless families moved into the few buildings left standing , and initial plans to turn bab al-aziziya into a national park have not materialised . the walls are splattered with graffiti and revolutionary slogans - some with the names of fighters killed in the battle for the compound . another of gaddafi 's homes in sabha in the south of the country has suffered the same fate . in the eastern city of benghazi , birthplace of the revolution and which has since become an islamist stronghold , traders have converted his more than 10-hectare palace grounds and barracks into a marketplace to sell birds , dogs and other pets . ' we dreamt of a better life after the fall of gaddafi , but here we are in his ruins , ' said mohammed suleiman , 43 , surrounded by children . the site of gaddafi 's palace in the libyan city of benghazi is now a market place , packed with traders selling bric and back , clothes and pets . a libyan man holds high a bird , available to buy from the market . four years on , the landscape has completed changes for libyan people . the old palace site was out of bounds for many but is now a thriving market . ' it is is a powerful message to the new rulers ' says one libyan . ' this is a powerful message to the new rulers of libya . if gaddafi had given us freedom and treated us with dignity , with a decent standard of living , he would still have been here . ' in 2012 , the islamist group ansar al-sharia which the united states has branded a terrorist organisation occupied gaddafi 's benghazi home and turned it into their headquarters . it was pulverised in air strikes launched last october by anti-islamist forces loyal to the internationally recognised libyan government based in the country 's far east . now , the area is used as a dumping ground where the city 's municipality burns household rubbish . ' this place is not worthy of being anything but a dump . it reminds us of a black chapter in our history and many painful memories , ' said ali al-masrati , a passer-by . the former palace in benghazi is now a dumping ground for people 's rubbish , having once symbolised colonel gaddafi 's grip on libya .