koby hodder , suffered a cardiac arrest and collapsed in the school playground when he was 10 . a 10-year-old boy nearly died after suffering a cardiac arrest in the school playground . koby hodder 's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed while running around with friends during the morning break . he was playing british bulldog – a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the ‘bulldogs’ , who often employ forceful tactics to trap runners , including rugby tackling opponents to the ground . teachers across the country have called for the game to be banned , claiming it is dangerous and leads to children becoming injured . in the middle of playing the game , koby suffered a cardiac arrest . this is where the electrical activity of the heart becomes so chaotic that it stops pumping and quivers or ‘fibrillates’ instead . his heart suddenly stopped beating blood around his body and he collapsed and lost consciousness . the 10-year-old was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer fabrice muamba , a former bolton wanderers player who collapsed after suffering a cardiac arrest during the first half of bolton 's fa cup quarter-final against tottenham in 2012 . mr muamba was ' effectively dead ' for 78 minutes and had to be shocked 15 times before his heart restarted . teachers at koby’s school in doncaster , were able to give koby cpr until paramedics arrived and saved his life . his father , mark , 45 , got a call from the school at around 11am on march 2 , and was told to get to the school immediately . he said : ' i was working around the corner so i was able to get straight over there and when i saw koby on the ground i knew he was dead . ' teachers were giving him cpr but i could see he was grey and lifeless . i could n't even go to him . i was devastated . ' luckily he was brought back to life when paramedics lee murphy and martin parkinson and emergency care assistant freddie stevens arrived , and were able to save him by giving koby two shocks with a defibrillator . a cardiac arrest happens when the heart stops pumping blood around your body . the most common cause of a cardiac arrest is a life threatening abnormal heart rhythm called ventricular fibrillation ( vf ) . ventricular fibrillation happens when the electrical activity of your heart becomes so chaotic that the heart stops pumping and quivers or ' fibrillates ' instead . someone who is having a cardiac arrest will suddenly lose consciousness and will stop breathing or stop breathing normally . unless immediately treated by cpr this always leads to death within minutes . it is possible to survive and recover from a cardiac arrest , with the right treatment . ventrivular fibrillation - which causes an arrest - can sometimes be corrected by giving an electric shock through the chest wall , by using a device called a defibrillator . source : british heart foundation . koby , who turned 11 two weeks ago , was rushed to doncaster royal infirmary , where he seemed to be making a recovery . just as he seemed to be improving , he suffered another attack , and was transferred to leeds general infirmary paediatric intensive care unit . mr hodder , a builder and father-of-three , said : ' we were beside ourselves with worry . ' koby is super-fit , he plays football three times a week and goes boxing two times a week . ‘ how could this happen in someone so young ? ’ koby’s mother , joanne hodder , 43 , added : ' can you imagine what we were going through ? ' we did n't even have a clue what had happened to koby . ‘ we did n't think for a moment that he could have had a heart problem . ' i had dropped him off to school that morning and he was his happy little self . ‘ we had no warning . koby is a bit of a joker so when he collapsed even his friends thought he was messing around , until they noticed he was n't breathing . ' while koby was in hospital doctors fitted him with an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator ( icd ) to shock his heart back into rhythm should it ever stop again . muamba , 26 , was fitted with the same implant after his high profile collapse three years ago . mr hodder said : ' at the moment we do n't know what has caused koby to have a heart problem . it is baffling . ' koby , who is now 11 , suffered a series of cardiac arrests , where the heart suddenly stops pumping blood around the body , and was treated in intensive care . koby had a device fitted to his heart which will shock it back into beating if it ever stops again . he is pictured in hospital with boxer josh warrington . mr and mrs hodder are due to have tests to see if koby 's heart condition is hereditary . his brother and sister , joel , 27 , and courteney , 20 , may also have to be tested . mrs hodder , said : ' i can not thank each and every person who played a part in saving koby 's life and helped with his recovery , enough . ' teachers , paramedics and hospital staff have all been amazing . ' as a parent it is your worst nightmare to receive a phone call like i did from school , when you sent your healthy 10-year-old child there fit and well that morning . ' doctors have said that the fact that koby was running around at the time of the attack may have helped him - because it meant his heart was pumping . ' koby knows he is lucky to be alive , but his dream of being a professional footballer has been taken from him . koby had played with both leeds united and doncaster rovers youth teams and dreamed of playing for his beloved leeds united when he got older . mr hodder said : ' doctors have said he can play with friends as long as he does n't exert himself too much . ‘ they 've said that if he can exercise and talk at the same time then that 's okay , but playing professionally is out of the question . koby suffered from the same heart condition as fabrice muamba , a bolton wanderers football player who collapsed after a cardiac arrest during the first half of bolton 's fa cup quarter-final against tottenham . ' maybe koby would not have been a professional footballer but he is gutted , understandably . ' mrs hodder said : ' when koby feels down we tell him that he is very lucky to be here and that makes him feel better . ' but he is still recovering and sometimes he feels scared , but he is still getting used to his defibrillator . it 's a big thing he has had to deal with . ' for his birthday he did n't want a sleepover as we had originally planned , instead we went for a day out to york . ' koby has come a long way and even returned to school this month . ' he 's had a fantastic recovery so far , which is all down to the fast response from the school staff and the paramedics . ' he 's doing better than we could have ever imagined . i am so grateful we still have our little boy with us . ' for more information visit the cardiac risk in the young charity website . 