iraqi forensic teams have described how they wept as they began to excavate 12 graves , believed to be the final resting place of as many as 1,700 soldiers killed in cold blood by isis last summer . the teams began the gruesome task of uncovering the bodies of the young army recruits of camp speicher , slaughtered by the sunni isis militants as they surged across northern iraq for the ' crime ' of being shi'ite . the deaths showed iraqis that islamic state fighters , who have also attacked ethnic and religious minorities as well as fellow sunni muslims opposing them , were a threatening new kind of foe . scroll down for videos . distraught : a soldier prays at the site where hundreds of his fellow fighters are thought to have been buried . discovery : the graves were found last wednesday on the late saddam hussein 's presidential compound . heartbreaking : the highest estimate for the number of recruits killed in the speicher massacre is about 1,700 . for almost 10 months , their devastated families have been left wondering what became of their sons and brothers who had been marched through tikrit , once saddam hussein 's stronghold of support . the only clues they had were videos posted by the jihadists on social media sites , showing them being machine gunned down in their hundreds . but now it seems their final resting place may have at last been discovered , after ' dozens ' of id cards belonging to the army cadets were found at the late dictator 's presidential compound last wednesday . today , the first of the 12 mass graves on the banks of the tigris river began to give up their terrible secrets , days after islamic state 's fighters were driven from the city by iraqi forces and shi'ite paramilitaries . those who began digging up the corpses today described the scene as ' heartbreaking ' . khalid al-atbi , an iraqi health official working with the forensic team sent to tikrit , said : ' it was a heartbreaking scene . we could n't prevent ourselves from breaking down in tears . ' what savage barbarian could kill 1,700 persons in cold blood ? ' horror : images like this one of the soldiers being led through tikrit shocked iraq and the world . mourning : a soldier prays where the blood of iraqi soldiers fell at camp speicher . final resting place : initial investigations reveal these are the bodies of the young cadets , a worker has said . closure : some of the people who lost loved ones in the massacre have expressed relief at the discovery . mr al-atbi added : ' we dug up the first mass grave site today . ' until now we found at least 20 bodies . initial indications show indisputably that they were from the speicher victims . ' but despite the horrifying scenes uncovered in the compound , families - who often grow angry at iraq 's political class for failing to provide them proper answers - have expressed releif their loved ones have been found . ' the only positive thing is the victory in tikrit , ' said ali hamad , whose cousin kamal went missing at speicher . ' we are happy . at least the families will soon know the fate of their sons and cousins , ' he said . anger : families have often grow angry at iraq 's political class for failing to provide them proper answers . pictured : a solider prays at the site today . relief : ' at least the families will soon know the fate of their sons and cousins , ' said one relative .