tim sherwood has urged ron vlaar to prove himself again as the aston villa skipper prepares for his return . sherwood wants to see the fit-again defender help struggling villa to a grandstand finish and warned him people may have forgotten his world cup heroics . vlaar starred in holland 's run to the semi finals in brazil last year - despite missing a penalty in the last four shoot-out against argentina - leading to links with manchester united . aston villa will welcome back club captain ron vlaar ( right ) as they head to old trafford on saturday . the commanding dutch centre-back returns from injury to help villa in their battle against relegation . aston villa boss tim sherwood has urged his captain to prove his worth as the club aims to stay up . he played under louis van gaal in brazil and will face his former international boss when villa travel to old trafford on saturday . the 30-year-old is out of contract in the summer and , having shaken off a calf injury , villa boss sherwood wants vlaar to rediscover his spark . he said : ' we all know what he has done over the years but when people are putting their hands in their pockets to fork out money , they want to know they are getting value . ' he was right up there with the best at the world cup but people have short memories . ' you are always looking at what people are doing now rather than a few months ago . ' he will have far more options open to him if he is in the shop window that 's for sure . ' vlaar has only made 12 barclays premier league starts this season following calf and knee problems as villa , three points above the relegation zone , battle the drop . his last game in february saw him concede a stoppage-time penalty and get sent off as villa lost 2-1 to stoke in sherwood 's first match . and sherwood has put any contract talks on hold with vlaar in order to focus on keeping villa in the top flight . ' he realises he needs to be playing . i have n't even bothered speaking to him . there 's time for that when we are safe , ' he said . ' he is just concentrating on getting fit to play . without getting on the pitch , he 's not going to be an attractive proposition to anybody . ' vlaar played a starring role in holland 's run to the world cup semi-finals in brazil last year .