towie star and footballer jake hall scored a vital goal for non-league side boston united on monday - impressing his on-screen girlfriend chloe lewis in the stands . hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench to keep the pilgrims on course for a place in the conference north play-offs . and it put a smile on the face of lewis , his on-off girlfriend in the popular essex-based itv show , who was watching on at york street . towie star jake hall points to his co-star chloe lewis in the stands at york street after scoring for boston united in their conference north match with tamworth on monday . towie star james ' arg ' argent was also in the crowd to see hall score with his first touch . ' arg ' tries to get onto the pitch to celebrate after hall scored boston 's second goal . with her was hall 's friend and towie co-star james ' arg ' argent , who leaned over the hoardings to celebrate when he netted during the second-half of boston 's 2-0 win over tamworth . hall hit the headlines this week after reports he is dating hollywood actress lindsay lohan after they were spotted out in soho together . both parties denied any relationship , saying they were just friends . semi-professional footballer hall , who played 15 matches for boston last season before rising to fame on the tv series , rejoined the lincolnshire club last week . reports this week suggested hall has secretly been dating hollywood actress lindsay lohan - pictured here attending soho nightclub the box together in february . the only way is essex stars jake hall and chloe lewis pictured together on the show . he told the boston target after the game : ' it was mental , on my left peg as well , you ca n't write that , i 'm still in shock . ' chloe was at the game and i could see her jumping up and down when i scored the goal . that one was for her . ' the buzz around the crowd today was immense . it was electric and gave me a real buzz . ' i love this club . if i could be here full-time , i would be . the crowd are amazing and the boys make you feel so welcome . it 's a special club . ' boston manager dennis greene added : ' he brought his girlfriend chloe and arg with him today . arg was so excited when jake scored he was trying to get over the barriers . it was funny and a really brilliant moment . ' 