clinton jackson , 25 , was jailed for 18 years for targeting the pensioners in their home . a gang of thugs who battered an 81-year-old woman with a metal bar as they ransacked her home were jailed for a total of 44 years . jermaine kellman , 29 , marvin sempler , 30 , clinton jackson , 25 , and darren lewis , 34 , targeted the couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home in welwyn garden city , hertfordshire . verna fisher , then 81 , awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 july last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves . she tried to cry out for help , but lewis had his hand clasped over her mouth while demanding money , the old bailey heard . mrs fisher was thrown off the bed while the burglars took her purse containing £250 and a mobile phone from under her pillow . but the men continued to demand more money before lewis struck the pensioner twice with a metal bar , leaving her covered in blood , prosecutor philip evans said . her bed-ridden husband mortimer , who was 85 , was sleeping in another room and woke with a man standing over him , but was powerless to help his wife . the couple were so traumatised by the terrifying ordeal that they had to leave their home . mrs fisher now lives with her daughter , while mr fisher sadly passed away in october 2014 . there were gasps from the public gallery as jackson was sentenced to 18 years imprisonment and brothers kellman and sempler were each handed 13-year jail terms . lewis will be sentenced later this month . judge steven gullick said offences of violence committed at night in the homes of the elderly and vulnerable must be met with significant custodial sentences . ‘ as a direct result of this burglary mr and mrs fisher had to leave their home . they no longer felt safe there . ‘ they have never and will never return . sadly mr fisher died in october 2014 , mrs fisher now lives with her daughter , ’ the judge said . the court heard a cousin of sempler and kellman , who had worked for the fishers as a cleaner , told the brothers that the couple kept cash in their home . brothers jermaine kellman , right , and marvin sempler , left , were each handed 13-year jail terms . judge gullick said : ‘ armed with a metal bar and each wearing masks you forced entry into the fishers’ home in the early hours of the morning . ‘ mrs fisher , aged 81 , was asleep in her bedroom . mr fisher , who was 85 and had been bed-ridden for a number of years , was asleep in what was nominally the living room of that house . ‘ he was quite unable to do anything by way of protecting his wife . ’ the four men went into mrs fisher’s bedroom , where she usually slept with the light on , and turned the light off . ‘ you went their because you understood that was where the cash was , ’ the judge told them . ‘ the four of you surrounded her bed and she woke up to find four men , wearing masks standing over her , one with his hand over her mouth . ‘ the room was in complete darkness , she was terrified . ’ lewis was the man brandishing an eight or nine inch metal bar as he demanded money off the petrified pensioner , the prosecutor said . judge steven gullick at the old bailey , pictured , said offences of violence committed at night in the homes of the elderly and vulnerable must be met with significant custodial sentences . mrs fisher was then thrown off her bed and the gang found a purse , containing £250 and her bank cards , and a mobile phone under her pillow . ‘ lewis continued to demand money and to reinforce his demands struck her twice on the nose with the metal bar , ’ judge gullick said . he also demanded she give him the pin number to her bank cards , the court heard . ‘ despite her ordeal mrs fisher had the presence of mind to give lewis numbers to cards she knew were not in her purse , ’ the judge added . kellman , of wandsworth , southeast london ; sempler , of lewisham , and lewis , of croydon pleaded guilty to a single count of aggravated burglary . jackson , of norwood , south london , was convicted of the same offence following a trial at st albans crown court . 