it was not particularly pretty but andy king’s 86th minute winner has kept leicester city’s hopes of premier league survival alive , at least for now . there was a frantic sense of do or die in the closing stages at the king power stadium . pearson and his players surely knew anything less than three points against west ham , a side who have not won away from home since december 2nd , would see them doomed to relegation . at the final whistle , the players went to all four corners of the stadium to applaud their fans . just four points behind sunderland with six of their eight remaining games to be played at home , it is very much game on for foxes . andy king was the hero as premier league strugglers leicester city struck late to earn a vital three points against west ham united . leicester city hero king is joined by veteran striker david nugent following the welsh midfielder 's late winner against west ham united . seasoned professional nugent had the chance to all but secure leicester city victory but the striker missed from the spot . nugent saw his penalty kick thwarted by west ham united 's spanish goalkeeper adrian during the premier league clash at the king power . it was eyeballs out , quickfire action from the 80th minute . the hammers had a flurry of chances with schmeichel forced into two good saves and at the other end aaron cresswell made a miraculous block on the line to deny a andrej kramaric effort . but substitute kramaric supplied jamie vardy whose scuffed shot was tapped in by king from two yards out . pearson and his opposite number sam allardyce embraced and shared a raucous laugh before kick-off . both are somewhat relieved of pressure . nugent rues his missed opportunity as the former england international is denied a goal for relegation threatened leicester city . west ham united instantly punish the foxes as senegalese international cheikhou kouyate scores their past kasper schmeichel .  leicester : ( 4-2-3-1 ) schmeichel 6.5 ; de laet 6 ( king 79 6 ) , morgan 6 , huth 5.5 , schlupp 6 ; james 6.5 , cambiasso 7.5 ; mahrez 7 ( albrighton , 45 7 ) , nugent 6 , vardy 7 ; ulloa 6 ( kramaric 72 8 ) . subs : konchesky , drinkwater , king , albrighton , wasilewski , schwarzer , kramaric . booked : none . scorers : cambiasso ( 12 ) king ( 86 ) . nigel pearson : 7 . west ham : ( 4-3-2-1 ) adrian 7 ; jenkinson 5 , collins 6 , reid 5.5 , cresswell 6.5 ; noble 5 , song 6.5 , kouyate 7.5 ; downing 6 , nolan 5.5 ( amalfitano 65 6 ) ; sakho 7 ( cole 80 , 6 ) . subs : jaaskelainen , demel , o'brien , amalfitano , jarvis , cole , nene . booked : jenkinson , redi , collins , cresswell . scorers : koutaye ( 32 ) . sam allardyce : 5.5 . referee - mark clattenburg : 6.5 . how andy king scored late leicester city winner , click here for more match zone . west ham united 's senegalese international kouyate celebrates after scoring to make it 1-1 while wes morgan appeals to the linesman . leicester city take the lead via a spectacular effort from footballing legend esteban cambiasso at the king power stadium on saturday . cambiasso celebrates after scoring to make it 1-0 during the premier league match between leicester city and west ham united . west ham have had their premier league survival all but assured since before christmas and it appears even securing a finish outside of the premier league’s bottom six for a third successive season – a feat not achieved since the last century – can not win allardyce a new contract . meanwhile nobody realistically expected leicester to escape their current predicament at the foot of the barclay’s premier league and seven points from safety before this game . if they do it will represent a remarkable turnaround in results . the message pre-match from pearson and midfielder jamie vardy was that if they could recapture the spirit they showed in a 4-3 defeat against leicester a fortnight ago they would overcome the hammers . in starting the consistently lively riyad mahrez , an attacking intent was demonstrated and the home side were lively from the start . james collins , the 31-year-old welshman , made several important clearances in the first ten minutes for west ham and the travelling fans responded with a chorus of ‘he’s the ginger pele . ’ but it was as he retreated to goal that the ball ricocheted off his back and into the path of esteban cambiasso who cooly put leicester ahead after 12 minutes . the ball bounced kindly for the argentinian whose sublime right footed strike just outside the d sailed in . as his teammates rushed to celebrate , he showed a wise head by urging them to get back into position . cambiasso slides to his knees as he celebrates in front of the leicester city fans following his opener for the relegation threatened foxes . leonardo ulloa draws a foul from carl jenkinson during the barclays premier league match leicester city and west ham united . moments later referee mark clattenburg made the right decision to award the home side a penalty after carl jenkinson brought down leonardo ulloa . but david nugent 's effort from the spot was woeful , low , right down the middle and easily saved by adrian . they were left to rue the missed opportunity when the hammers pulled one back in the 32nd minute . alex song sent a floating ball into he box which soared over the head jeffrey schupp and was controlled by cheikou kouyate , the senegalese firing low and powerfully into the bottom left corner past a helpless kasper schmeichel . kouyate was close to doubling his goal tally in the 73rd minute , his shot from sakho’s lay off hitting the post . meanwhile vardy had two good chances in as many minutes . in a thrilling display of end-to-end action both sides demonstrated the best of their attacking wares and some rather poor defending too but ultimately leicester deserved to come out on top . west ham united midfielder mark noble holds off matthew james during the barclays premier league match at the king power stadium . west ham united 's spanish goalkeeper adrian comes out to try and deny vardy a goal during the premier league clash .