when emma jackson , 28 , moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in hull just over a year ago , she thought she had found the perfect place to call home . but within a week of moving in , her dream home turned into a nightmare thanks to an aggressive neighbour with a penchant for watching tv with the volume turned up at all hours of the day . unable to sleep because of the racket , the photography student asked unemployed mark ray , 56 , to turn it down - but was met with a barrage of abuse that culminated , a year later , in violent threats and stalking . terrified : emma jackson , 28 , was subjected to vile verbal abuse and was stalked by her neighbour . now ms jackson has been forced to move home because of mr ray but says she lives in terror of him discovering her new address . ms jackson 's ordeal began less than a week after moving into her ground floor flat , which she did despite having been warned that the previous occupants also had trouble with mr ray . ' i was told that the previous tenants antagonised him but i 'm obviously not like that so i did n't think it would be a problem , ' she said . then the daily barrage of noise began . ' on the first morning , i was laid in bed and it was about 6am and all of a sudden , there was this noise . ' the tv was on at full blast to the point that you could hear what he was watching . the ceilings are really low so it was right above my bed . ' after a week , ms jackson approached her neighbour to ask whether he would mind turning the sound down a bit but found herself on the receiving end of an expletive-laden tirade . aggressive : mark ray , 56 , waged a year-long campaign of terror against ms jackson . quiet : ms jackson and mr ray were neighbours in this quiet cul-de-sac in hull . ' i got this explosion , this tirade of abuse , ' she remembers . ' then he ran off and went into his flat and i was just totally shocked . it was the first time i 'd met him and that 's what i got from him . ' the noise continued , with ms jackson forced to resort to headphones in order to get any sleep at all . worse still , mr ray began to subject her to vile tirades every time he spotted her in the street or over the garden fence . incensed , ms jackson got in touch with the local housing association . although ordered to turn his television down , the 28-year-old says mr ray 's new leaf lasted for just seven days . ' he kept to that for about a week and then he just crept back up again and it went back to how it was before . ' finally at breaking point , ms jackson snapped and banged on the ceiling with a broom handle during a cleaning session . mr ray responded by banging on her front door and , when confronted and accused of bullying by ms jackson , threw a 3ft wooden pole at her . damage : as well as threatening violence , mr ray nailed the shed door shut ( see photo held by ms jackson ) . traumatised : ms jackson says her year of living next door to mr ray was the worst of her life . as the situation at home worsened , it began to affect all areas of ms jackson 's life , with mr ray even turning up at her workplace . her family were also affected , with mr ray physically threatening her step-mother and father when they visited ms jackson 's home . ' mr ray came out , he was shouting and swearing as usual and red in the face , ' she remembers . ' he had a massive rock on top of his bin . ' my step-mum was standing close to the fence and he held it over his head as high as it could go and said `` i 'm going to kill you '' . ' my dad ran forward and put his hand out to stop it . i was just totally shocked and i feared for my step-mum 's life . if he 'd have dropped it on her , he would definitely have killed her . ' the police were called and mr ray was handed an injunction that prevented him from approaching or speaking to ms jackson . but even that was n't enough to stop him . ' i think he was scared for a bit and did n't want to get into any trouble , ' she says . ' but then his actual personality must have got the better of him because he started again a few weeks later . ' instead of overtly harassing me , he would follow me down the street . you could hear it was him because of his stick . ' everywhere i went , he turned up , he was there . it made me feel really paranoid because every time i walked down the street , i could feel his eyes on the back of my head . ' by now at her wits end , ms jackson says every part of her life was suffering . ' it was affecting everything in my life , ' she says . ' it was affecting my studies because i could n't sleep . it was affecting my work because i had everything going on at once and it was just ridiculous . ' my hair started falling out because i was just that stressed about it all . ' eventually , ms jackson installed a cctv camera and was finally able to gather the evidence she needed to prove mr ray was breaking the terms of the injunction . in october 2014 , he was issued with a new injunction that said he would face immediate arrest should he become violent or threaten it . but for ms jackson , it was too little , too late and she has now moved into a new home away from mr ray . ' it 's been the worst year of my life , ' she says . ' i 've been depressed . it 's affected my relationships with people . ' i do n't want him to find out where i live [ now ] because i 'm sure he would do something . he is that type of person and that does scare me . ' 