prince harry 's former girlfriend chelsy davy debuted a grown-up and glamorous style as she stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for a london restaurant launch on tuesday . the 29-year-old seemed in high spirits as she was seen laughing and joking with friend , irene forte , at the launch party for new london restaurant , the ivy chelsea garden . zimbabwean davy wore a white layered chiffon top , as well as flattering navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles . scroll down for video . chelsy davy ( pictured right ) stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for the launch party of london restaurant , the ivy chelsea garden . she paired the outfit with tan woven ankle-strap heels , and carried a croc-print foldover clutch bag in a similar shade . the blonde was clearly making the most of the good weather , as she had her light nude blazer draped over her arm . davy smiled and posed with various friends as she showcased a healthy glow , and wore her long glossy locks in a relaxed style . the 29-year-old ( pictured right ) laughed as she made her way around the party with friend , irene forte . davy wore a white chiffon top paired with navy trousers , as well has tan wedges and a croc-print clutch bag . davy has previously been known for her more relaxed , casual style , but it seems she is upping the style stakes and taking a more sophisticated approach to dressing now that she is approaching her thirties . the party was to celebrate the opening of the restaurant , part of renowned west end dining institution , the ivy . davy circulated the party with a couple of friends , in particular daughter of hotel tycoon rocco forte , irene . making the rounds ! chelsy davy was spotted posing with another good friend in the restaurant garden . the blonde laughed with her friend as she posed for pictures . davy and forte were spotted together recently at duke of northumberland’s estate syon park over the weekend for the wedding of property magnate caspar macdonald-hall . at the wedding chelsy , notably , was the gooseberry as she was seen with friend , irene forte and forte 's boyfriend , jacobi anstruther-gough-calthorpe . davy is currently single after splitting up with society jeweller charles goode in january . the sporty socialite had a relationship with prince harry spanning six years until they called it a day in may 2010 . the pair still remain good friends . davy ( pictured right ) had a six-year relationship with prince harry ( pictured left ) before they called time in may 2010 .