javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts as real madrid kept up their pursuit of barcelona at the top of la liga with a 4-2 win over celta vigo . chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of lionel messi who nets once every 81 minutes . the manchester united loanee put his team in the champions league semi-finals in midweek with the winner against atletico madrid and in baliados on sunday night he scored twice to keep real in the title race . read pete jenson 's full match report here . host commentator . real madrid are now just two points behind league leaders barcelona . chelsea may have wrapped up the title in england but it seems like the la liga race will go right down to the wire . real madrid will have hernandez to thanks for tonight 's win as his two goals were decisive in their win over celta . the home side the better side for large stages throughout the game but real 's quality in the final third made the difference . yet another sign of respect by ancelotti towards celta . the italian tactician now has six defenders on the pitch following the arrival of arbeloa . real madrid now have three at the back with carvajal and marcelo acting as wing backs . ancelotti 's tactical switch shows just how much of a threat celta have been during the 80-odd minutes or so . hernandez will not get the chance of scoring a hat-trick as ancelotti has decided to take the mexican off . pepe has been brought on to shore up the back-line . it 's that man hernandez again . sergio ramos runs up the pitch before playing a delightful through pass to hernandez with the outside of his foot . the mexican then takes one touch to bring the ball down before placing the ball into the net . a fine goal by the real madrid loanee . some great football being played by celta - and remember their wage bill is €12m compared with the €17m real pay ronaldo . but they are inevitably leaving themselves wide open on the counter . an equaliser does n't look far off as real fail to get to grips with celta . the away side continue to counter attack with hernandez going close after a neat run from the halfway line . real madrid are playing with fire . the home side should have been given a penalty as kroos has just swiped the legs of orellana , who was racing towards goal . real madrid boss carlo ancelotti may have to freshen his side up during the next 10 minutes or so . they are still look far from convincing . here 's a reminder of who the italian tactician can call on from the bench . real madrid subs : navas , pepe , coentrao , lucas silva , arbeloa , nacho , jese . ronaldo has always scored against celta vigo whenever he has faced the la liga outfit while wearing a real madrid shirt . he will be desperate to add to his outstanding tally of 39 league goals . no bale and benzema , no problem - chicharito and james rodriguez very good in the first half . celta still in it but to play that well in the first 45 minutes and to go in at half time losing , it will be hard to lift themselves again . real madrid are extremely fortunate to be winning this game . celta have looked assured and have really troubled their opponent 's back-line . nolito opened the scoring before real took the lead thanks to goals by toni kroos and javier hernandez . celta looked to be heading into the interval on level terms after santi mina 's goal , however james rodriguez struck before the break to make it 3-2 to real . real madrid 's luck appears to be in tonight as james rodriguez has just scored an extremely fortunate goal . his shot is heading towards the arms of sergio , in the celta goal , until his shot deflects into the opposite corner and lands in the back of the net . real do not deserve to be winning this game . ronaldo almost puts his side back in the lead . the portuguese forward races past celta 's defence before unleashing a low shot which looks destined to be heading for the back of the net . however his left-footed drives smashes against the post and rebounds to a celta player . remains 2-2 . barcelona will be delighted with the scoreline and celta vigo 's performance during the opening 40 minutes of tonight 's game . the home side continue to look the better side but they must be wary of real 's threat on the counter-attack . real appear to be struggling in the absence of two members of the famous ' bbc ' trio . they seem to be missing the pace of both bale and benzema in the final third . not just because he 's just scored , and not just because he scored four in one game two weeks ago , but 19-year-old santi mina is going to be one hell of a player . what is going on here ? just as we think real are starting to find second gear - celta go and grab an equaliser . this time it is santi mina who beats casillas . he smashes the ball against the woodwork before tapping in the rebound from close range . one man who does seem to have taken confidence from the win over atletico id hernandez . he may have had to make do with a place on the bench during the majority of the season but he is now showing his worth . hernandez shows a burst of pace before finishing past sergio . i expected real to come into this match with an extra bounce in their step following their win over atletico but it has been the complete opposite . they look rattled and have really struggled during the opening 20 minutes of tonight 's match . second big assist in a week from ronaldo . he 's after his 40th league goal tonight . celta have scored 38 as a team - that 's what they are up against . it did n't take long for real to get back on level terms . ronaldo goes on a dangerous run down the right but fails to pick out a real madrid team-mate . the ball eventually falls to kroos , who has the easy task of side-footing the ball into the net . game on . celta vigo , who have started the brighter of the two sides , score by hitting real on the counter attack . nolito bursts down the left before cutting in between two defenders and shooting low past iker casillas . fully deserved lead for the home side . bright enough start from celta . ancelotti has not won here in any of his previous three visits with three different teams - juventus , milan and madrid last season . celta have started the match brightly with real having to sit back and deal with their opponent 's attacking threat . it looks like they will not be afraid of the european champions which should make for a good spectacle . evidence shows that real madrid have a better win percentage without their welsh wizard . read ben nagle 's piece on bale 's impact here . manchester united 's javier hernandez will lead the line for real madrid due to the absence of karim benzema . the mexican international will be high in confidence following his late winner in the champions league against rivals atletico . real madrid xi : casillas , carvajal , varane , ramos , marcelo , kroos , illarramendi , isco , rodriguez , hernandez , ronaldo . real madrid subs : navas , pepe , coentrao , lucas silva , arbeloa , nacho , jese . celta vigo xi : sergio , hugo mallo , cabral , fontas , jonny , augusto , krohn-dehli , orellana , santi mina , nolito , larrivey .  attention switches from the barclays premier league to the la liga title race as real madrid face celta vigo at balaidos in tonight 's evening kick-off . the european champions will be desperate to claim all three points in order to pile pressure on rivals barcelona . carlo ancelotti 's side will have to make do without the injured gareth bale , karim benzema and luka modric . real madrid will be hoping to follow up their late champions league triumph against rivals atletico madrid by picking up all three points against mid-table celta vigo . league leaders barcelona piled pressure on real by defeating espanyol 2-0 , to leave the catalan giants five points clear at the top of the table . carlo ancelotti will have to make do without the injured gareth bale , karim benzema and luka modric for sunday evening 's encounter at balaidos , however the italian tactician will be able to call on the services of a rejuvenated javier hernandez .