this is the transgender man who is poised to grace the cover of men 's health magazine . aydian ethan dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication 's annual ultimate guy search - 30,000 more than his closest competitor . he would follow iraq war veteran and amputee noah galloway , who clinched the top spot last year . the competition aims to find a man ' who possesses all of the qualities that make up today 's well-rounded , active , health-conscious and thoughtful guy ' . scroll down for video . cover star ? aydian dowling is the transgender man widely touted to be on the cover of men 's health . miles ahead : though the public vote only counts for 10 per cent , aydian clearly has a huge backing . family life : aydian , who transitioned in 2009 , lives with his wife of three years jenilee in oregon . a spokesman told yahoo : ' we 're looking for a guy who 's physically fit , who lives a healthy lifestyle , leads by example , has overcome some challenges in his life , and somebody who our readers can learn something from . ' with a fan base of thousands on facebook , aydian is touted as a role model for transgender , gay , bisexual , and heterosexual men in showing that he has struggled , achieved , and helped others . aydian , who started taking ' t ' ( testosterone medication ) in 2009 , lives in eugene , oregon , with his wife of three years jenilee . beyond his hit youtube channel , the entrepreneur has launched his own sportswear brand , point5cc , which he says is ' designed to highlight transgender pride ' . his contestant application reads : ' the battle that can come with the mirror can be completely dark and engulfing . ' as a transgender male , having a healthy body and mind is my ultimate goal to find peace within my soul . ' overcome something ' : the magazine said aydian embodies the values they are looking for in their annual ultimate guy search - active , thoughtful and somebody who readers can learn something from . on his application aydian said he may always battle with his body but being healthy is his key to ' finding peace ' . history in the making : if he wins , aydian would make history as the magazine 's first transgender cover star . ' although i may always have some kind of battle with my body , i continue to work every day for a happy peace within . ' he adds : ' on days `` off '' i love to go with my wife , jenilee , out on hikes around the pacific north west . ' although i also love my day to day routines , smashing through thresholds and sculpting the body , there is nothing quite like the beauty being outside can do to a person . ' i always have this sense of discovery and drive through my hikes that is unlike anything in the gym or the track . ' though the public vote only counts for 10 per cent of the vote , aydian is confident he has what it takes to win over the magazine 's judging panel . if he wins he would follow iraq war veteran and amputee noah galloway , who clinched the top spot last year . 