eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home . a mother has been arrested for referring to her african-american neighbors as ' apes ' during a dispute over a parking space . eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home . the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as 'n***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' . one of the notes , seen by katu , read : ' apes were never meant to drive so stop . ' another said : ' i 've been here 22 years and no [ expletive ] and now you . u made me hate [ expletive ] now . ' ' i 'm not racist , ' one of the notes allegedly said , ' but i can see how someone can become [ sic ] hating [ expletive ] . you did this . there were no [ expletive ] in w.l . until u came . ' another , which the victims were most disturbed by , said : ' u look like a monkey and you smell like 1 too [ sic ] . ' a woman who lives next door , who only wanted to be identified as elizabeth , told the station she is struggling to explain the content of the messages to her teenage daughter . ' she came back from school supposed to be happy , ' she said . ' this is what she saw . ' ' my little daughter came from school to see this note , ' she added . ' i feel like i’m not safe here . ' she has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans to move . mark cogan , a friend of elizabeth , told kptv : ' that anybody would feel entitled to address somebody else in the community with this abusive , disgusting , foul , inappropriate language , just makes me sick . ' scroll down for video . one of the notes read : ' i 'm not racist , ' but i can see how someone can become [ sic ] hating [ expletive ] . you did this . there were no [ expletive ] in w.l . until u came . ' another read : ' i 've been here 22 years and no [ expletive ] and now you . u made me hate [ expletive ] now . chapin was arrested on tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment . she has since been released from jail as prosecutors review her case . she is due back in court on may 7 . records show she is a licensed practical nurse and has a criminal past . in 2012 , she pleaded guilty to reckless driving and dui after she slammed her car into a tree while her two preschool children were home alone . in 2010 , she wrote on her facebook : ' the name of the book obama is reading is the post-american world , and it was written by a fellow muslim . chapin was arrested on tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment . in 2012 ( mugshot right ) she pleaded guilty to reckless driving and dui after she slammed her car into a tree while her two preschool children were home alone .