most mothers dream of their children 's birthdays , graduations and weddings . but jodie barden has the heartbreaking task of arranging both her daughters ' funerals , knowing that neither will make adulthood because of an incredibly rare illness . mrs barden , 28 , is mother to eight-year-old ella and one-year-old chloe , who both suffer from cockayne syndrome and have a life expectancy of just 12 . cockayne syndrome is a rare genetic disorder , which is characterised by a failure to gain weight , premature ageing , an underdeveloped nervous system and a small head . scroll down for video . jodie barden , 28 , has been forced to plan her daughters ella , eight ( left ) and chloe , one ( right ) 's funerals as they have rare genetic disorder cockayne syndrome which gives them a life expectancy of just 12 . in 2013 , mrs barden shaved her head in order to raise money for a cockayne syndrome charity . she is pictured here with daughter ella , who ages prematurely due to the syndrome . sufferers usually do n't live to see their teenage years and usually die from pneumonia . given her children 's prognosis , mrs barden has already made arrangements for both daughters ' funerals with her husband , luke , who is also 28 . the former graphic designer , who is now the girls ' full-time carer , said : ' there 's no cure for what they have and there 's not much the doctors can say , so we just try and keep them comfortable while they 're with us . ' they 'll eventually lose their sight and hearing and , when that time comes , we want to be able to provide them with somewhere where they can still have fun . ' the condition causes premature ageing , so despite the fact the girls are seven years apart , they look like they are a similar age . ella currently has a tremor , which makes drinking from a beaker difficult , and she only says words like ' yes ' and ' juice ' . chloe is n't walking yet and probably wo n't ever reach this milestone . but while they can not speak , mrs barden said they do not fail to communicate their desires through gesturing . she said : ' they are both such good fun - real cheeky monkeys . ' she describes the moment she was told her children had the disease as ' devastating ' . cockayne syndrome ( cs ) is very rare disease resulting in slow growth in babies as well as rapid aging ( a form of progeria ) . people with this syndrome have smaller than normal head sizes , are of short stature , their eyes appear sunken , and they have an ' aged ' look . it is estimated to affect one in 500,000 children but difficult to diagnose . for cs patients who are affected at birth , life expectancy is 3–7 years . other patients only start to show symptoms in early childhood and their life expectancy tends to be under 20 years . however , some rare cs patients live significantly longer . individuals with cs are extremely sensitive to the sunlight and sunburn easily so they mostly stay indoors during normal daylight hours . cs is often described as a 'progeria-like syndrome ' . progeria is an extremely rare genetic disease wherein symptoms resembling aspects of aging are manifested at an early age . one of the earliest influences of progeria on popular culture occurred in the 1922 short story the curious case of benjamin button by f. scott fitzgerald ( and later released as a feature film in 2008 staring brad pitt ) . the main character , benjamin button , is born as a seventy-year-old man and ages backwards ; a scenario inspired by progeria . she said : ' ella was diagnosed at great ormond street in 2012 when we noticed she was n't hitting her milestones ; when she did n't start talking when we expected her to . ' i was pregnant with chloe at the time and that 's when we found out she would be born with the same disease . ' it was devastating , but once we got over the shock we decided we would do all that we could to make their lives memorable . ' the disease is inherited and mrs barden and her husband , a hgv driver , both carry the mutated gene . they have a one-in-four chance of conceiving a child with cockayne syndrome , whereas the odds are usually two in a million . now , she and her husband are trying to make the most of the time they have with their daughters , as well as their four-year-old son alex , who does not suffer from the disease . mrs barden said her son is ' fantastic ' with his sisters . she said : ' he 's genuinely loving and has a very caring nature . ' if either of the girls drops something on the floor he will just pick it up without being asked . ' we will always be honest with him . ' the girls are always happy and never moan , they keep smiling despite everything they 've been through . ' she added that her husband is incredibly supportive , and the whole extended family have helped them through a difficult time . she said : ' it 's a test of anyone 's relationship , but luckily luke and i have always been very close . ' we 're also lucky to have support from both sides of the family . ' they have collectively raised around £14,000 for charity amy and friends , a cockayne syndrome charity based in liverpool . this was done through a series of events including skydiving and hosting coffee mornings . mrs barden even shaved off her hair in january 2013 . and in the same year , ella , who uses a wheelchair and walking frame to get around , appeared on a special episode of the jeremy kyle show for mother 's day . mrs barden said the whole family is now trying to make the most of the time they have left with the girls . her son , alex , four , is ' fantastic ' with his sisters , she said . the reality television presenter paid for her to dress up like a princess and climb the eiffel tower . and last year , they flew to melbourne and the gold coast in australia where ella swam with dolphins . mrs barden said : ' we met up with another family with cockayne syndrome over facebook . essex charity , wipe away those tears , is sending the family to disneyland paris for an easter holiday . in the meantime , mrs barden is taking on a tough mudder event in september . her ambition is to raise enough money to kit out a special sensory shed at their home in witham , essex . she said : ' the sensory shed is basically just a big playhouse in the garden where they can interact with twinkly lights and feel different objects . ' 