two passenger jets allegedly came within 25 seconds of a mid-air collision over the arabian sea . one of the carriers involved , dubai-based emirates , referred to the apparent near-miss as an ' air traffic control incident ' in a statement on wednesday . neither the dubai carrier nor abu dhabi-based etihad airways would say how close the two planes came to each other . however a resolution advisory ( ra ) was given to both planes , which means the distance between the two aircraft could have resulted in a collision within 25 seconds . etihad have maintained that the safety of its passengers was never compromised after it came ' within 25 seconds of collision ' with an emirates plane . the incident occurred on monday as passenger planes from emirates and etihad airways were traveling in opposite directions between the gulf and the island nation of seychelles . both carriers have recently rerouted flights to the archipelago nation to avoid yemeni airspace due to fighting there . emirates says its flight ek709 was returning from the indian ocean island nation of seychelles when the incident occurred in airspace controlled from mumbai , india . etihad airways separately says it is investigating ' a reported incident ' involving one of its planes traveling in the opposite direction . both carriers insist safety was not compromised . this graphic shows the time in seconds of being at risk of traffic collision for each of the emergency warnings . the incident involving the etihad airways and etihad occurred over the arabian sea in mumbai airspace . indian news broadcaster ndtv report that there was ' an emergency warning by the planes ' on board collision avoidance systems , ' and that both pilots reported the incident to mumbai air traffic controllers . a traffic advisory ( ta ) is sounded to an aircraft when they are within 40 seconds of traffic in a particular airspace . following this an ra is then given out if an aircraft is at risk of collision within 25 seconds , and the pilot has six seconds to respond . the seychelles news agency confirmed both planes received a ‘ resolution advisory’ or ra , from the on-board traffic collision avoidance system ( tcas ) . the incident occurred over the arabian sea when the two planes were passing each other . an etihad airways spokesperson told mailonline travel : ' etihad airways has strongly rejected claims that the safety of flight ey622 , abu dhabi to the seychelles , was compromised . ' the traffic collision avoidance system ( tcas ) , which is fitted on all aircraft , ensured that safe vertical separation of both aircraft was maintained at all times . ' etihad airways has provided its safety reports to the gcaa and is assisting with its investigation as well as conducting its own investigation into the incident . ' safety is etihad airways ' number one priority . ' a statement released by emirates to the times of india read : ' emirates can confirm that flight ek 706 on march 29 from seychelles to dubai was involved in an air traffic control incident in mumbai airspace . at no point was the aircraft , passengers or crew at risk . ' all emirates aircraft are equipped with onboard instrumentation so that crew are alerted in a timely manner of all surrounding traffic . the crew informed the authorities of the incident and later filed an air safety report , which will be forwarded to mumbai air traffic control . safety is of paramount importance to emirates , and we will be cooperating fully with the mumbai air traffic control in the subsequent investigation . ' both etihad airways and emirates operate multiple flights every week to the seychelles . emirates and etihad have both grown rapidly in recent years , enticing long-haul transit passengers through their gulf hubs aboard relatively young aircraft . emirates is owned by the government of mideast commercial hub dubai , while etihad is controlled by the oil-rich emirati capital , abu dhabi . both carriers are regulated by the emirates ' general civil aviation authority , which had no immediate comment . they each operate multiple flights weekly to seychelles , a tropical tourism destination that has built close ties to the emirates .   