she 's been photographed hundreds of times and starred in magazines and tv advertisements but you wo n't have seen her face - until now . emily grimson , from shopshire , is one of britain 's most successful models yet it 's not her stunning face that 's her fortune - it 's her perfect hands . and the 25-year-old has only been modelling for a year but has already built a lucrative full-time career making up to £100 an hour . professional model emily , 25 , from shropshire , gets paid £100 an hour - but it 's unlikely you 've seen her face . professional hand model emily , has appeared everywhere from television screens to magazine ads . she 's on course to become a hand supermodel after her high-earning hands featured in product videos for bosch , adverts on the disney channel and advertorials in the sunday times style magazine . not one to put her assets at risk , emily , a former beauty writer , moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best . emily said : ' i used to write the beauty pages for a bridal magazine but everyone would mention how lovely my hands are . ' i started hand modelling around about may last year and have been doing it full time since autumn . ' work can vary ; sometimes i work for one client for a couple of weeks , sometimes i do odd days here and there for various different brands and products - no week or month is the same . ' i love it , you can make anything from £100 a day to £100 an hour , and if you film a commercial , you may even be paid a buyout fee . ' the stunning brunette has only been modelling for a year but has already built a lucrative full-time career . she moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best . she exfoliates them once a week and always wears a strengthener to keep her nails from snapping . emily used to write the beauty pages for a magazine but everyone would mention how lovely her hands are . emily , who is signed with bma models , was encouraged to give hand modelling a shot after a nail technician complimented her hands while giving her a manicure . since signing up for the modelling agency last year she has posed with everything from designer bags to electrical appliances , and always goes to great lengths to protect her hands . emily said : ' i do have a strict routine to keep my hands looking their best . ' i moisturise them about ten times a day and always use spf to protect them , even when the sun is n't shining . ' i exfoliate them once a week and always wear a strengthener to keep my nails from snapping . ' sometimes i ask other people to open bottles or packets for me when i have a big job coming up as i do n't want to risk any scratches or breakages . ' oh , and i wo n't let my boyfriend get a kitten , despite the fact that he loves them , as a manicurist on a job warned me they carry a major scratching risk . ' since signing with bma models last year , her hands have starred in ads from designer bags to appliances . emily says the money can be really good . if you film a commercial , you may even be paid a buyout fee . she started hand modelling around about may last year and has been doing it full time since autumn .