the family of a georgia toddler left mangled after swat police tossed a flash-bang grenade into his crib last spring have received a settlement of nearly $ 1 million . bounkham ' bou bou ' phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the may incident . his family says the medical bills have surpassed $ 1 million . while the settlement is n't enough to cover the continued medical care bou bou will require as he gets older , buzzfeed reports that the family 's settlement does not preclude continued litigation . the phonesavanh family came to the settlement with habersham county , georgia late last month and announced it this week . settled : the family of ' bou bou ' phonesavanh has settled with a georgia county after he was maimed and nearly killed when swat police erroneously stormed the home where they were living and tossed a flash-bang grenade into his crib . he 's seen here following some 10 surgeries . prior to the boy 's 10th surgery this year , his mother told buzzfeed surgeons would be trying to ' scrape away the gunpowder . ' he 'll require surgeries ever other year into his teens . the $ 964,000 breaks down as follows : $ 538,000 to bou bou 's parents , alecia and bounkham phonesavanh , for his medical expenses . $ 200,000 will be set aside ' for future periodic payments of damages , ' which will be paid to bou bou after he reaches 18 . $ 137,000 to bou bou 's father for his personal injuries . $ 62,000 to bou bou 's mother for suffering and emotional distress as a result of witnessing the baby 's maiming . $ 9,000 to each of bou bou 's three siblings , emma , malee , and bounly . prior to the boy 's 10th surgery this year , his mother told buzzfeed surgeons would be trying to ' scrape away the gunpowder . ' ' his nerve endings are dead around his mouth and chest , so they will not be able to properly develop as they are supposed to , so they will have to go in and do stretching and grafts , ' she said . horrible error : the incident occurred while bou bou 's mom alecia phonesavanh was staying with her husband , their three daughters and their baby son in the living room of her sister-in-law 's home just outside of atlanta . ' his nerve endings are dead around his mouth and chest , so they will not be able to properly develop as they are supposed to , so they will have to go in and do stretching and grafts , ' his mother said . the incident occurred while bou bou 's mom alecia phonesavanh was staying with her husband , their three daughters and their baby son in the living room of her sister-in-law 's home just outside of atlanta . they were living with relatives after their wisconsin home burned down earlier that year . the habersham swat team executed a no-knock warrant on the property while searching for a relative they believed was a drug dealer and had a cache of weapons inside , the atlanta-journal constitution reported . the suspect , a relative of the child , was not in the house during the raid but was later arrested nearby at a home where police knocked on the door . he surrendered without incident . bou bou spent five weeks being treated at grady memorial hospital in atlanta before returning home in july . the habersham swat team executed a no-knock warrant on the property while searching for a relative they believed was a drug dealer and had a cache of weapons inside , the atlanta-journal constitution reported .