rory mcilroy expressed his satisfaction after keeping his dreams of the career grand slam on track with a battling display on the opening day of the 79th masters . seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles , mcilroy was one over par after 11 holes before recording birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71 . that left the world no 1 four shots off the clubhouse lead of justin rose and charley hoffman , but it could have been a lot worse as the 25-year-old was forced to scramble for par a number of times on the front nine.rory mcilroy . rory mcilroy did well just to bogey the sixth after making a shaky start at the masters . the world no 1 recovered by recording birdies on the 13th and 15th on thursday . mcilroy walk downs the ninth fairway with phil mickelson during the first round . ' i just kept telling myself to be patient out there today , ' mcilroy said . ' it was a tricky day , the wind was swirling a little bit , the pin positions were tough . anything under par was a pretty good score . ' it was nice to pick off a couple of birdies on the back nine on the par fives and i 'm pretty satisfied with the day 's work . ' mcilroy has recorded a score of 77 or worse on each of his past five appearances at augusta national and admitted it could have happened again . the four-time major winner hooked his drive on the second into the trees and ended up in a narrow creek , but after taking a penalty drop was able to pitch out to the fairway and hit a superb approach to save par . he did well just to bogey the sixth after his chip from short of the green rolled back down a slope to his feet and scrambled a par on the ninth after his approach span back off the green . ' it could have been a round that got away from me , ' he admitted . ' i bogeyed 11 but i just kept telling myself to stay patient , realising it 's a 72-hole golf tournament and i do n't need to press too much . that 's what i did and it was good to get into red numbers after day one . mcilroy held his nerve to card a one-under-par 71 at augusta . mcilroy has recorded a score of 77 or worse on five occasions at augusta . he is seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles . ' i feel the way i 'm driving the ball well and if i can keep doing that and just be a little more efficient with my iron play and give myself more opportunities i 'll hopefully be right there at the end of the week . ' i have n't put too much pressure on myself . i obviously know what i can achieve this week but i 'm not letting myself think about it too much . i 'm just trying to play it one round at a time and today was a pretty good day . ' i feel like i can do better but i 'm happy after day one and i 'll go out and try and do a little bit better tomorrow . ' mcilroy will seek to narrow the gap on the early leaders during second round of friday .