late-sleeping lilly pulitzer fans found out the hard way that if you snooze , you lose - literally - when target 's complete stock of lilly pulitzer merchandise sold out almost immediately early sunday morning . the 250-piece collaboration - which included clothing , accessories , and homeware from the designer at target 's lower price point - attracted thousands of enthusiastic shoppers who logged online early and waited in long lines outside target stores before they opened . now officially sold out by the retailer , pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on ebay - but those cruising the bidding site should n't expect to see the same original low prices paid by target customers . fast fashion gets faster : lilly pulitzer 's lower-priced collection for target sold out almost immediately online and in stores ; customers re-selling this $ 34 maxi dress were netting bids over $ 200 . pricey prints : pieces like this lilly pulitzer bag , left , and hammock , right were quickly available at major mark-ups online , though more affordable resell prices have popped up since the initial rush . luckily for more patient shoppers who are looking for a second shot at buying from the preppy line , the outrageously-priced items that first became available on ebay have since been joined by more reasonably-priced pieces . speedy re-sellers started earning bids for their purchases at up to ten times the retail price , including a $ 150 hammock for $ 799 and a $ 34 maxi dress for $ 202.50 . a $ 30 tote bag was posted with a buy it now asking price of $ 300 . however , within 24 hours , many more sold-out items became available on ebay for under $ 100 , including a $ 9.99 makeup bag that sold for $ 19.99 and a $ 15 headband that sold for $ 30 . bait for the belles : ' the things southern girls do for @ lillypulitzer # lillyfortarget [ sic ] , ' wrote customer michelle christine of the line outside a richmond , virginia target store . designer demand : shopper loren boyce posted this picture of a cleared-out target store on sunday , writing that the racks were empty within five minutes . the thousands of pieces available on ebay are n't just from buyers unhappy with their purchases , however . in fact , many re-sellers bought pieces in bulk with the intention of re-selling them online for a profit - a practice that angered some shoppers , who complained that these scalpers ruin the fun for ' true ' fans of the brand . ' there 's a special place in hell for those who bought items just to resell on ebay , ' one woman wrote on twitter . another said : ' the people who bought hoards of # lillyfortarget products just to resell them online are ( literally ) the reason we ca n't have nice things . [ sic ] ' other customers also complained of problems using target 's website on sunday morning ; ' extreme traffic ' caused site crashes and difficulty completing purchases . hollywood ladies love lilly : celebrities including ( l to r ) camila alves , kate bosworth , bella thorne , and ellie kemper all wore lilly pulitzer for target dresses to the line 's launch party . but though frustrated fans criticized target for poor planning and a lack of bulk-buying policies , these are hardly new experiences for customers who have taken advantage of the store 's past designer collaborations . the highly-anticipated diffusion lines are promoted for months in advance with ads , lookbooks and celebrity-packed parties , resulting in hordes of fashionistas adding the on-sale dates to their calendars . in 2011 , missoni 's collaboration with target crashed the website as well , and collections from prabal gurung , 3.1 phillip lim , and peter pilotto all saw marked-up resell value on ebay after selling out in stores . while target wo n't be restocking the limited-edition collection , customers who refuse to shell out more than the retail value still have a shot at scoring lilly pulitzer pieces at low prices : target has instated a 14-day return policy for the line , meaning rejected items will start popping back up in stores within the next two weeks .