david cameron is narrowly winning the battle for floating voters , according to a major poll out today . the comres survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority have been more impressed with the performance of the prime minister than that of ed miliband during the election campaign . a separate poll of marginal seats by the former tory treasurer lord ashcroft suggests that ukip’s vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches . a comres survey of 4,000 undecided voters across the uk found a slim majority have been more impressed with the performance of prime minister david cameron than that of ed miliband during the election campaign . it also suggests education secretary nicky morgan is set to hold her marginal seat in loughborough . today’s comres survey , for itv’s good morning britain show , found that 37 per cent of floating voters have been impressed with mr cameron’s performance on the campaign trail so far , compared with 31 per cent who think mr miliband has done well . nigel farage was just behind on 30 per cent . meanwhile , snp leader nicola sturgeon , has impressed 21 per cent of voters on the back of her strong performance in last week’s televised leaders’ debate . ms sturgeon appears to have been biting her nails . is the pressure starting to tell on nicola sturgeon ? from the look of her hands as she met her party’s candidates in aberdeen yesterday , it looks like the 44-year-old snp leader has been struck by a bout of behind-the-scenes finger-chewing . mr cameron also suffered less badly from negative appraisals . while 49 per cent said they were ‘unimpressed’ with the prime minister’s performance , 54 per cent said the same of mr miliband . but the poll also shows that politicians have yet to shift many of the undecided voters whose support is likely to be critical in next month’s election . just 12 per cent of the group said they had made up their minds since they were last polled in march . another 48 per cent said they had a ‘ good idea’ who they would back , while 16 per cent said they were ‘ starting to lean towards a certain party’ . almost a quarter ( 24 per cent ) said they were ‘ completely undecided who to vote for’ . floating voters identified the nhs as the most important issue , followed by immigration , the cost of living and the economy . meanwhile , lord ashcroft’s survey of labour-tory marginals suggests mr cameron still has a lot of work to do just to hold on to the seats he won in 2010 . of ten tory-held marginal constituencies , labour is ahead in four seats , with the parties tied in another . mr cameron also suffered less badly from negative appraisals , with 49 per cent of undecided voters saying they were ‘unimpressed’ with his performance and 54 per cent saying the same of mr miliband ( pictured ) . lord ashcroft said the study showed ukip’s vote was being squeezed since the same seats were polled last year . ‘ the ukip share had fallen significantly – by up to 10 points – in nine of the ten seats polled , ’ he said . the decline in ukip support has helped the tories consolidate their grip in blackpool north , pendle , gloucester , kingswood and mrs morgan’s leicestershire constituency . the education secretary , whose 3,744 majority is the smallest in the cabinet , is now nine points ahead of the labour challenger . but labour also appears to be benefiting from the squeeze in ukip support in some areas , moving ahead of the tories in harrow east and increasing its lead in the tory-held seats of hove , stockton south , and morecambe and lunesdale . in pudsey , west yorkshire , labour and the conservatives were tied with 40 per cent each . nigel farage said he was not concerned about the ashcroft polls , saying : ‘ in areas where the two big parties are firing heavy artillery and we are not , it is perhaps not entirely surprising . ’ ed and justine miliband on the campaign trail . ed miliband’s wife has revealed how he led her to believe he was single when they met at a dinner party – at the home of the woman he was dating . justine miliband said she was furious to discover he was seeing another woman . she also described how that evening , the future labour leader bored her by insisting on talking about economics . mrs miliband told the daily mirror : ‘ i thought he was good looking and clever and seemed to be unattached . but we just went down a conversational cul-de-sac . ‘ apparently we had nothing in common . he wanted to talk about economics – one of my least favourite subjects . none of our conversations went anywhere . ’ the unpromising start to their relationship was compounded when she found out he had been going out with the woman who invited them to dinner . ‘ i was furious . i bumped in to him a couple of times after that , but we didn’t start seeing each other for at least a year , ’ she said . speaking while she was campaigning in runcorn , cheshire this week , mrs miliband said : ‘ canvassing in the rain always reminds me of falling in love with ed in 2005 . ‘ i had never been out leafleting before and didn’t realise you had to keep your eye out for dogs on the other side of the letterbox . ‘i’d been bitten by a doberman . ed bandaged me up and i fell in love with him . ’ labour slammed for ' weaponising child sex abuse in campaign . shadow home secretary yvette cooper released figures which showed reports of child sex abuse have risen by 60 per cent over the past four years . labour was last night accused of ‘weaponising’ child abuse after blaming the coalition for a rise in child sexual exploitation . shadow home secretary yvette cooper released figures which showed reports of child sex abuse have risen by 60 per cent over the past four years , while arrests for these offences have fallen by 9 per cent . the tories said the figures were ‘false’ , and accused labour of ‘ playing politics’ with an ‘ appalling crime’ . they said the rise in reports was due to more awareness of the issue in light of scandals in labour council areas such as rochdale and elsewhere . last night conservative mp julian smith said : ‘ is there no level to which labour won’t stoop ? first they tried to weaponise the nhs , now this . it’s disgusting . ’ miss cooper claimed the figures showed police are not able to respond to the scale of the reports , pointing out that over the past four years , almost 17,000 officers have been cut . she added : ‘ [ tory ] plans for deeper cuts in the next parliament cutting over 20,000 police would be deeply damaging to the fight against child abuse . ’ a tory spokesman said : ‘ child abuse is an appalling crime , and no one should play politics with it . labour’s conclusions are false . they are talking about the amount of crime that is reported to the police . ‘ but for many people , child sexual abuse has been a hidden crime which is only now coming to light , and it is good that more people are having the courage to come forward . rather than making up numbers about police officers , labour should support the action we have taken to expose this evil crime , to prosecute the perpetrators and to support survivors . ’