the polish father , who may be suffering from amnesia , does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk , and can not even recall his own name . a polish father has wandered into the london embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter . the mystery man , who may be suffering from amnesia , does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk , and can not even recall his own name . all that he could remember was that he was from the poznan area of poland and has a daughter called lenka . he may or may not have come from denmark within the past few days . the man , who was found without identification , taken to hospital after he arrived at the polish consulate in central london yesterday afternoon . currently , the only clue to his identity is a distinctive tattoo of a flower on his right upper arm . he is being cared for at london 's st thomas ' hospital while police appeal for anyone who recognises him to come forward . scotland yard said : ' police are appealing for help to identify a polish man who has been taken to st thomas ' hospital suffering memory loss . ' the man attended the polish consulate at around 5pm on thursday , 2 april . ' due to his lack of memory , he was taken by london ambulance service to the hospital as a precaution . ' the man is able to state that he was born in poland and may have travelled to london from denmark within the past few days . the mystery man had wandered into the london embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter . ' he may be from the poznan area of poland and have a daughter called lenka . ' he is a white man , 5ft 8ins in height of medium build . he has a tattoo of a flower on his right upper arm . ' anyone with information should call lambeth missing person unit on 101 . what is retrograde amnesia ? amnesia is the name given to a disturbance in the ability to recall stored memories . it is usually caused by disease or head injury , but in rare cases can occur apparently spontaneously . the memory loss associated with amnesia can include everything from a person 's past or just portions of it . in most cases , it is a temporary condition , lasting from a few seconds to a few hours . but in severe cases , it can last months or even years . there are several different types of amnesia . retrograde amnesia is an inability to remember any events that occurred before the accident or illness . the leading hypotheses are some form of epileptic event , a problem with blood circulation around , to or from the brain , or some kind of migraine-like phenomenon . usually , the affected person can not remember events shortly before their accident or illness at all , but their memories of the distant past are intact , and there is a gradient of memory loss between the two extremes . retrograde amnesia often lasts for a year , before the patient starts to remember things . 