as the worst weather in five years continues to whip nsw , some savvy social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures . from a boat parked between two cars by someone who ' knew what was coming ' to a man making the most of the wind by using his umbrella as a sail while he skateboards down the street , sydneysiders are still managing to see the funny side of the storm . snapchat 's sydney story - a compilation of videos people in the area have posted in the last day - also shows the soaking conditions endured by the cronulla sharks and south sydney rabbitohs . scroll down for video . wild weather : social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures , like this man windsurfing on his skateboard . boogie boarding : as the beaches were closed this water enthusiast decided to get his kicks in floodwater . during their clash on monday night the field was drenched in water with players struggling to hold onto the ball let alone stay on their feet . spectators captured the rain water-falling off the top of the grandstand as fans tried to stay dry under any cover they could find . one man even decided to try his hand a boogie boarding through the floodwaters at what looks to be a local park due to the fact all the beaches were closed . others took the opportunity to play in the mud , while one snapchat user sounded a little concerned as he filmed the rough waters from inside the manly ferry . well prepared : one user joked that the owner of this boat ' knew what was coming ' . stuck in the mud : a pair of tradies with a wet work site took the opportunity to get back to their childhood days by splashing in puddles . waterfall : the rain was heavy at monday night 's nrl game between cronulla sharks and the south sydney rabbitohs . drenched : cronulla 's home ground shark park was flooded with inches of water as players struggled to hold onto the ball . a keen skateboarder decided to make good use of the gusty weather and tried his hand at windsurfing down the street , using his inverted umbrella as a sail . a pair of tradies took advantage of a wet work site to play in the mud , with one mate asking the other : ' here we are in sunny sydney having some fun in the mud , what do you think troy ? ' while the other jumps boots first into the wet ground . this man , boasting a strong american accent , suggested it seemed like a good day for a surf . currently there are severe weather warnings in place for metropolitan , mid north coast , hunter and illawarra . ' seems like a pretty good day to do some boogie boarding , maybe a little surfing , ' a man with an american accent said in another part of the footage , barely audible above the sound of the wind . currently there are severe weather warnings in place for metropolitan , mid north coast , hunter and illawarra . the bureau of meteorology has asked people to prepare for for damaging and locally destructive winds , heavy rainfall and damaging surf in these districts .  