blackburn should brace themselves for interest in their players from top-flight clubs following their run to the fa cup quarter-finals , manager gary bowyer has said . sky bet championship side rovers were eliminated from the competition on wednesday night by brendan rodgers ' liverpool , who booked a semi-final date at wembley at the second time of asking thanks to philippe coutinho 's angled 70th-minute finish in an ewood park replay . it ended a memorable fa cup journey for rovers that had included resounding home victories over barclays premier league sides swansea and stoke in previous rounds . blackburn manager gary bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest in their players . the manner in which they dispatched those two , coupled with the fact they frustrated liverpool for the majority of the 180 minutes , is unlikely to have gone unnoticed by bigger clubs plotting their summer spending . bowyer is no stranger to staving off interest in his prized assets , having rejected advances for jordan rhodes and rudy gestede in the past two transfer windows , and the rovers boss expects overtures for more of his men in a few months ' time . ' what the players have done is they 've put themselves on a platform and shown that they can play in the premier league , ' he said . ' they 've got to maintain that over the next six games and show the premier league big boys . that 's obviously the nature of the game that we 're in , i 'm not going to kid myself . ' it 's the nature of business . if you look at all the clubs now , everybody sells . liverpool sold ( luis ) suarez in the summer . ' you 've seen over the two games against liverpool and in previous games against swansea and stoke that we 've got some very good young players . they 're developing , they 're growing and getting some real experience under their belts . ' blackburn strikers jordan rhodes and rudy gestede have both attrackted in the last two transfer windows . blackburn 's owners venky 's have previously adopted a strong stance on possible outgoings , telling hull and crystal palace that rhodes and gestede would be remaining in east lancashire . however , that position may have to soften if rovers are to bring their mounting debts down as they look to adhere to the financial fair play regulations . their recent failure to do so caused the football league to place them under a transfer embargo which bowyer knows has left him restricted when injuries have hit . ' you always want to keep your players and we want to be in a position to add to it , ' he added . ' we 've got to try and do as much as we can with this embargo . the embargo 's just caught up with us because we have n't been able to bring enough bodies in . ' bowyer shakes hands with liverpool manager brendan rodgers ahead of wednesday 's fa cup replay . indeed , bowyer 's options are so stretched at the minute that he joked he is considering starting goalkeeper simon eastwood in attack against reading this saturday . the stopper almost produced a moment for the fa cup annals on wednesday when , after coming up for a tommy spurr long throw , his swivel and shot deep into stoppage time almost beat simon mignolet in the liverpool goal . ' we sent easty up , more in hope than anything , we did n't know he had that football ability in him to turn and hit it on the spin , ' bowyer admitted . ' he 's put himself forward for centre forward on saturday ! ' goalkeeper simon eastwood almost scored a late equaliser beyond liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet .