nigel pearson has revealed he has turned to former manager howard wilkinson to help leicester 's survival bid . the foxes boss has taken advice from wilkinson , who he played under at sheffield wednesday , as leicester battle the drop . they host swansea on saturday looking for a third straight win and will escape the drop zone for the first time since november if burnley fail to win at everton and they beat swansea by three goals . nigel pearson 's foxes have beaten west ham and west brom in their last two games . pearson has come under the spotlight this season after a foul-mouthed spat with a fan and a bizarre touchline altercation with crystal palace 's james mcarthur . wilkinson , who won the first division title with leeds in 1992 , had been a mentor for pearson before this season and he has spoken to the ex-england caretaker manager for advice . pearson said : ' on a professional level i have one or two people i speak to if there 's something i need a bit of feedback on . howard wilkinson is one . ' i have a lot of respect for people i have worked with . i have friends and family i speak to , my wife remains a very important person for me in terms of getting a balanced view on life . jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side 's slim chance of premier league survival . ' i have a lot of very good friends and colleagues at leicester and the good thing about how we work is we 're all doing a job in preparing the players but the coaches do stretch themselves as well . ' the foxes have beaten west ham and west brom in their last two games and still have to play relegation rivals sunderland , burnley and qpr . but pearson , who has a fully fit squad , wants complete focus on the swans as they bid to become only the third team to survive in the barclays premier league after being bottom at christmas . leicester 's andrej kramaric ( right ) and robert huth go through their paces at training on thursday . he said : ' it is important for us now that the players , and everyone else at the club , stay very much focused on now what is a seven-game season . ' yes , there are lots of positives , especially getting six points , but we have still got an awful lot to do , and that is why there is no room for us to take any other stance than that . ' i know we have had our critics , but i have been very proud of how the players have coped with the setbacks they have had . ' 