nba legend kareem abdul-jabbar is expected to make a full recovery after undergoing emergency heart surgery at ronald reagan ucla medical center on thursday , april 16 . abdul-jabbar , 68 , had quadruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to the hospital earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease . the successful surgery , which was performed by cardiac surgery chief dr richard shemin , cleared a major blockage from the hall of famer 's heart . scroll down for video . nba legend kareem abdul-jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery at ucla medical center on april 16 . abdul-jabbar ( no . 33 ) shooting his patented sky hook while playing for the los angeles lakers in 1987 . after retiring from the nba , the 19-time all star and six-time mvp starred in game of death with bruce lee . ucla health issued a statement at the request of abdul-jabbar . it read : ' at this time , abdul-jabbar would like to thank his surgical team and the medical staff at ucla , his alma mater , for the excellent care he has received . ' he is looking forward to getting back to his normal activities soon . ' he asks that you keep him in your thoughts and , most importantly , cherish and live each day to its fullest . ' the 7-foot-2 player led ucla to three consecutive titles and was named the most valuable player of the ncaa tournament for three straight years . abdul-jabbar , who was known for his patented sky hook , won an nba championship with the milwaukee bucks before moving on to the los angeles lakers and winning five more rings . abdul-jabbar , who was born ferdinand lewis alcindor , adopted his muslim name in 1971 at age 24 . abdul-jabbar won an nba championship with the milwaukee bucks and five with the los angeles lakers . the successful surgery was performed by the hospital 's ( pictured ) cardiac surgery chief , dr richard shemin . after retiring , the 19-time nba all star and six-time mvp starred in game of death with bruce lee , wrote nine new york times best-sellers and was appointed to be the us cultural ambassador by hillary rodham clinton in 2012 . he also beat philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myeloid leukemia after being diagnosed in 2008 . his documentary , on the shoulders of giants : the greatest team you’ve never heard of , earned him two naacp image awards in 2013 . abdul-jabbar , who was born ferdinand lewis alcindor , adopted his muslim name in 1971 at age 24 . jeanie buss , the executive vice-president of the lakers , tweeted out her support for the los angeles legend .