breakthrough . breakthrough by jack andraka with matthew lysiak . by jack andraka with matthew lysiak . ( scribe books , £12.99 ) jack andraka is just 18 , yet his newly-published memoir carries a blurb from barack obama . ' spectacular stuff ... ' enthuses the president . jack 's short life has been packed with incident , but there was little in his background to suggest that he would become a teenage celebrity . he was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban maryland with his elder brother , luke , and parents , jane , a nurse , and steve , a civil engineer . the andrakas encouraged their boys to think about how the world worked : school runs were fiercely competitive as jack and luke tried to solve science questions fired at them by their mother . at home , the basement became a laboratory , from where luke 's attempt to turn a microwave into a ray gun plunged the entire neighbourhood into darkness . at school , jack won prizes for science projects , but was ostracised as a geek and viciously bullied when he came out as gay , aged 13 . then a close family friend , uncle ted , died of pancreatic cancer . deeply depressed , jack made an unsuccessful suicide attempt . that awful moment proved to be a turning-point . at summer camp , jack met a sympathetic counsellor , and began to channel his grief into the science that would make him a star . initially , he thought of trying to find a cure for pancreatic cancer - an ambitious task , given that he did n't know what a pancreas was . an online search revealed that survival rates are low , partly because the cancer is hard to detect . he had his project - but he needed access to a proper laboratory . he wrote 200 emails to university science departments - and 199 rejections later dr anirban maitra , an expert in pancreatic cancer at johns hopkins university in baltimore , offered jack a corner of his lab to work in , under supervision . the supervision proved necessary as jack contaminated samples by sneezing on them , and smashed a tray of test tubes by tripping over his shoelaces . but at last there came the moment that every research scientist longs for : his experiment worked . when his test for detecting pancreatic cancer won the top award at a prestigious international science competition in 2012 , his wild celebrations at the awards ceremony went viral . he was interviewed by cnn and the bbc , and had to fit school assignments around invitations to meet world leaders and give ted talks . he was photographed with bill and hillary clinton ( who told him that politics was just like the film , mean girls ) . there was an audience with the pope , he was hugged by michelle obama ( ' she was incredibly strong ' ) and met the president who was , jack notes , ' surprisingly well versed in science ' . of course , it was n't all praise and presidential parties . there was anti-gay abuse , and scepticism from the scientific community . ' one major publication even dedicated a thousand words to why they were not going to celebrate my achievements , ' jack writes . funny , brave and super-enthusiastic , with a healthy dose of adolescent egotism and some comic glimpses of the trials of being jack 's parent , breakthrough is an inspiring story for would-be scientists - just do n't complain when they turn your microwave into a ray gun . teen scientist and inventor jack andraka attends the global citizen festival - the action summit 2014 . 