a senior indonesian government official has praised the firing squad that executed bali nine pair andrew chan and myuran sukumaran . abc news reports that indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo applauded chan and sukumaran 's executioners for their work . ' all shots were done perfectly . these executions were carried out smoothly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in january , ' he said . scroll down for video . indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo ( right ) applauded chan and sukumaran 's executioners for the good job that they did . mr prasetyo ( second right ) said that ' all the shots were done perfectly ' at the execution . the indonesian attorney-general believed that wednesday morning 's execution was much better than one carried out in january . mr prasetyo declared it was necessary to fight drug crime in the country , as he dismissed australia 's withdrawal of its ambassador as a ' momentary reaction ' . he visited nusakambangan on wednesday , hours after bali nine pair were executed with other drug offenders . ' i would like to say that an execution is not a pleasant thing . it is not a fun job , ' he said . ' but we must do it in order to save the nation from the danger of drugs . we are not making enemies of counties from where those executed came . what we are fighting against is drug-related crimes . prime minister tony abbott said australia will withdraw its ambassador to indonesia in an unprecedented diplomatic response to the executions of myuran sukumaran and andrew chan . indonesian president joko widodo failed to return australian pm tony abbott 's phone calls about the bali nine in march . ' therefore , i would like to offer my condolences , on the execution of those who were on the death row , to their families , to their home countries . ' once again , we are not against the countries , but we are fighting a war against the horrible drug crimes that threaten our nation 's survival . ' mr prasetyo shrugged off diplomatic backlash from australia after prime minister tony abbott slammed the executions as ' cruel and unnecessary ' and announced he would withdraw australia 's ambassador to indonesia paul grigson . ' the netherlands have done the same thing in the past . brazil has done the same thing , ' he said . ' i think this is just a momentary reaction , and this will be settled within the diplomatic sphere . ' indonesia 's vice president jusuf kalla said withdrawing an ambassador was a normal diplomatic protest . ' within a month or two , they will come back . that 's the signal of protest , we did that too , ' he said , referring to the time indonesia withdrew its ambassador to australia in 2013 over a phone tapping scandal . prasetyo said the executions would serve as a warning to others . ' this is a warning for others , do n't even try to commit these drug crimes , to think a thousand times , that indonesia will be strict , will be harsh on drug crimes , ' he told reporters in cilacap . ' the result of the second execution was better , more orderly and more perfect than the last , ' he said , referring to executions carried out in january and noting the bodies were treated more ' humanely ' this time . indonesia 's president joko widodo raised his nation 's sovereignty when asked about australia withdrawing its ambassador . ' our sovereignty must be respected , ' he told reporters . rest in peace : myuran sukumaran ( foreground ) and andrew chan ( back ) were executed . ' we 're ready to respect the sovereignty of other countries as well . ' mr abbott announced australia 's unprecedented diplomatic response on wednesday morning , just hours after the bali nine duo were put to death despite pleas for their deaths to be reconsidered . ' australia respects the indonesian system , we respect indonesia 's sovereignty but we do deplore what 's been done and this can not simply be business as usual , ' mr abbott said . ' for that reason once all the courtesies have been extended to the chan and sukumaran families our ambassador will be withdrawn for consultations . ' foreign minister julie bishop said australian consular officials in indonesia will arrange for the men 's bodies to be repatriated to australia , ensuring that they are treated with ' appropriate dignity and respect ' . ' and i expect to be able to discuss further aspects of our relationship with indonesia when our ambassador paul grigson returns to australia at the end of this week , ' ms bishop said . the consul general majel hind will formally identify the bodies . ms bishop has n't ruled out cutting australian aid to indonesia in protest over the executions of chan and sukumaran . australia 's ambassador to indonesia paul grigson will return to australia at the end of this week . foreign minister julie bishop ( left ) said australian consular officials in indonesia will arrange for the men 's bodies to be repatriated to australia , ensuring that they are treated with ' appropriate dignity and respect ' . australia gives indonesia about $ 600 million in aid annually , and is its second largest international benefactor behind japan . asked if australia would respond to the executions by reducing the aid budget , ms bishop said it was under different consideration to diplomatic actions such as recalling the ambassador . ' any announcement to the aid budget will be made at budget time in early may , ' she told reporters in canberra . mr abbott stressed that australia has a ' very important ' relationship with indonesia . ' but it has suffered as a result of what 's been done over the last few hours , ' he said . ' whatever people think of the death penalty , whatever people think of drug crime , the fact is that these two families have suffered an appalling tragedy and i 'm sure that every australian 's thoughts and prayers will be with those families at this time . ' the prime minister said he understood people 's anger at the executions , but said the government did not want to make a difficult situation worse . ' so i would say to people yes , you are absolutely entitled to be angry but we 've got to be very careful to ensure that we do not allow our anger to make a bad situation worse , ' he said . ' the relationship between australia and indonesia is important , remains important , will always be important , will become more important as time goes by . ' while this is a dark moment in the relationship i am confident that the relationship will be restored for the great benefit of both our countries . ' opposition leader bill shorten acknowledged australians had the right to be outraged but rejected talk of boycotts . ' i do n't and we should n't hold ordinary or individual indonesian people responsible , '' he said . ' what australians need to do is campaign against the death penalty wherever it exists . ' backlash begins : at 6am aest , hundreds of twitter users were already pledging to ' boycott indonesia ' . should australia respect indonesia 's decision to execute myuran sukumaran and andrew chan ? should australia respect indonesia 's decision to execute myuran sukumaran and andrew chan ? now share your opinion . the executions by firing squad occurred at 3:25am aest on wednesday evening and came despite months of pressure from the prime minister tony abbott and foreign minister julie bishop . senior officials were already angered by a series of snubs from the indonesians . president widodo repeatedly refused to return mr abbott 's phone calls on the issue . ms bishop was also angered by the indonesians ' decision to announce the executions were going ahead on anzac day , one of australia 's most solemn days of remembrance . the bali nine duo 's families released a short statement on wednesday morning . ' today we lost myuran and andrew . our sons , our brothers . in the 10 years since they were arrested , they did all they could to make amends , helping many others , ' it read . ' they asked for mercy , but there was none . they were immensely grateful for all the support they received . we too , will be forever grateful . ' following the executions , opposition leader bill shorten said : ' indonesia has not just robbed two young men of their lives but robbed itself of two examples of the strengths of its justice system . ' other labor mps condemned the killings , with opposition frontbencher tony burke saying ' lives lost . nothing gained ' and federal labor mp anthony albanese saying ' rip andrew chan and myuran sukumaran - a tragic loss of human life on a very sad day . ' greens leader christine milne said : ' the lives of these two australians have been ended by firing squad at the direction of the indonesian government . we in australia must continue to advocate for an end to capital punishment . ' stern words : julie bishop has pleaded for the indonesian government not to execute andrew chan and myuran sukumaran for months . joko widodo , the president of indonesia , is widely regarded as weak . he has ignored international pressure to cease executions of foreign drug convicts . immediately following the executions , parliamentary secretary steven ciobo tweeted : ' there are few greater displays of abuse of power and regressive thinking than the death penalty # rip ' , tweeted . he was joined by western sydney backbencher fiona scott , who said : ' the death penalty is barbaric and inhumane torture . murder is murder . ' brazil already recalled its ambassador in january when one of its citizens was executed by indonesia . but indonesia forged ahead with more executions overnight , killing six others - including a frenchman - and shrugging off pressure from un secretary general ban ki-moon . there is also the potential for other ramifications from australia . top human rights lawyer geoffrey robertson has suggested australia could withdraw its $ 600 million of aid to indonesia per year and redirect it to nepal . ' nepal needs it more , ' said mr robertson , who accused indonesia of breaching international law in three instances . ms bishop and her labor counterpart , tanya plibersek ( right ) , have been a united force in their opposition to the executions . in an interview with abc 's 730 program on tuesday evening , ms bishop refused to detail the consequences for the indonesian government . ' i do n't intend to focus on the consequences , ' she said . ' but of course , should these executions proceed in the manner that i anticipate , of course there will be have to be consequences . i do n't want to go into the details . ' after months of pleading with the indonesians - even offering a prisoner swap , paid by australia - officials still worked on mr widodo until the last moment . late on tuesday evening , the australian embassy in jakarta circulated an extraordinary joint statement with the european union and french government addressed to mr widodo . the statement said : ' it is not too late to change your mind . ' but with the exception of filipino convict mary jane fiesta veloso - who was spared - mr widodo did not . 