andy murray has shown nerves of steel on the tennis court , but the british no 1 appeared slightly overwhelmed by the occasion during his wedding rehearsal on friday . the former wimbledon champion is marrying his long-term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday and visited the cathedral to run through the service with friends , family and his fiancee . the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open . they got back together after a brief split in 2010 before announcing their engagement last year . andy murray looked understandably nervous as he arrived for his wedding rehearsal . murray arrives at dunblane cathedral to run through the wedding service ahead of his big day . fiancee kim sears appeared to be in a rush to get the rehearsal out of the way . murray and sears leave the cathedral together ahead of their last night of being single . click here to see a history of the pair 's relationship through the years . murray will forego a traditional honeymoon to fly to barcelona after his nuptials to take a look at prospective new assistant coach jonas bjorkman - an appointment that has taken on greater significance since his coach amelie mauresmo announced she is pregnant . it is understood that the 27 year-old scot has known about mauresmo ' s pregnancy for a number of weeks , but he was anyway planning on linking up with bjorkman – the former world singles no 4 and doubles no 1 – prior to that . as sportsmail reported as far back as nearly a year ago , the swede was on murray 's shortlist to replace ivan lendl before he settled on the former wimbledon women 's champion as part of a groundbreaking move . murray looked typically stony faced before waiting to get entry into the cathedral ( right ) . the 27-year-old manages to crack a smile as he and sears move into the cathedral . the pair will be married in murray 's hometown dunblane cathedral on saturday april 11 . local businesses were also getting ready to join in the celebrations of their returning hero . homemade bunting lines the streets of dunblane ahead of the special ocassion . even a local hairdressers has its windows decorated with messages of love . murray has a golden postbox in his hometown after winning gold at the 2012 london olympics . 