at 6-foot-5 and 289lb jj watt is a terror on the football field - recording more than 20 sacks and forcing four fumbles for the houston texans with his explosive speed and power last season . now the nfl defensive end flaunting his incredible athletic process off the field . on monday he released a video that shows him making an incredible 61-inch vertical leap . the standing box jump - a popular crossfit workout move - is billed as a personal best . jj watt performed an incredible 61-inch box standing box jump . an impressive feat for a man who weighs nearly 300 pounds . the houston texans defensive tackle released the video as part of his announcement that he has signed an endorsement deal with reebok . watt , already a legend in houston for his performance both on the field and off , leaned down after his jump and declared : ' must have been the shoes , baby ! ' the clip , impressive as it may be , appears to be a stunt for reebok , which announced on monday that they had signed the nfl star to a shoe endorsement deal . after completing the jump , watt , 26 , screams and declares : ' it must have been the shoes , baby ! ' the video was posted to youtube by reebok and pushed the lime-green $ 110 zpump fusion shoes that watt wears for the stunt . watt , who has been building a superhuman reputation both with his on-the-field heroics and off-the-field community work , will be the face of the company 's ' be more human ' ad campaign . do n't mess with texans : watt , 6-foot-5 and 290lbs , has made a reputation for himself as a defensive terror on the football field . ' the ability to have input in the products i will be wearing is what i love , letting them know what i think they can help me with , ' he told the houston chronicle . a survey of youtube reveals only one higher standing box jump - 64 inches recorded by a personal trainer in wisconsin . however , none of them are nearly as enormous as watt , who managed to leap more than five feet in the air despite weighing nearly 300 pounds . at the end of the season , watt signed a six-year , $ 100million contract with the texans that included a $ 10million signing bonus . the terms of his deal with reebok were not disclosed . he had previously signed an endorsement deal with nike .