underlining a change across the nation , nearly 90per cent of u.s. adults now say they have health insurance , according to an extensive survey released monday . researchers behind the gallup-healthways well-being index say the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low . when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured , peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013 . but marking a shift in the trend , for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent . whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for president barack obama 's health care law , or a milestone on the path toward his goal of getting virtually all u.s. residents covered , remains to be seen . underlining a change across the nation , nearly nine in ten adults now say they have health insurance , according to an extensive survey released monday . the law 's future is still up in the air , and will turn on factors ranging from an upcoming supreme court decision on consumer subsidies to actions by republican leaders in states opposed to medicaid expansion . the latest update from the gallup-healthways survey overlaps with the period when the health law 's second sign-up season was winding down . coverage gains from 2014-2015 translate to about 3.6 million fewer adults uninsured since the fall , before open enrollment got under way , according to gallup . ' the affordable care act had three major objectives : increase coverage , slow the rate of increase in costs , and improve health , ' said dan witters , research director for the poll . ' the first one is clearly a win . coverage is increasing ; there is no question about it . ' on balance , an estimated 14.75 million adults have gained coverage since the fall of 2013 , when the law 's first open enrollment season was about to begin , according to gallup . the uninsured rate lowest since gallup and healthways began tracking in 2008 . ' a big outstanding question is what will happen over the next couple of years , ' said larry levitt , a health insurance expert with the nonpartisan kaiser family foundation . ' to meet expectations , enrollment has to continue to grow and push the number of uninsured down . ' the gallup-healthways survey is closely followed because it combines the depth of government-sponsored research with the timeliness of media polls . pollsters interview 500 people a day , nearly every day of the year . one of the questions they ask is whether people have health insurance . the health care law offers subsidized private insurance for people who do n't have access to job-based coverage , combined with an expansion of medicaid aimed at low-income adults in states that accept it . big states like florida and texas are among those refusing to expand medicaid . the law requires nearly all americans to have coverage , either through an employer , a government program , or by purchasing their own plan . those remaining uninsured risk fines . it also provides subsidies to help low-to moderate-income people buy their own insurance . comparing the most recent sign-up period with the first open enrollment season , the survey found that the uninsured rate declined at a slightly slower pace this time around . in the first three months of this year , the uninsured rate fell by one percentage point . over the same period last year there was a 1.5 percentage-point decline . from government officials to local volunteers , many people involved with the health care law expected some kind of second-year slowdown . open enrollment season was shorter , and those who had remained uninsured were seen as more skeptical about the value of coverage . the survey also found that hispanics saw the biggest coverage gains of any ethnic or racial group . the uninsured rate dropped 8.3 points among latinos since the end of 2013 . even so , hispanics are still more likely to be uninsured . ' at a time when republicans are very keenly trying to court the hispanic vote , a large chunk of hispanics are gaining insurance via the affordable care act , ' witters said . president barack obama 's health care law requires nearly all americans to have coverage , either through an employer , a government program , or by purchasing their own plan - those remaining uninsured risk fines . the most notable improvement has been among those making less than $ 36,000 a year , a group that traditionally struggled to get and keep health insurance . recent gains in coverage have benefited people up and down the income ladder . but the most notable improvement has been among those making less than $ 36,000 a year , a group that traditionally struggled to get and keep health insurance . their uninsured rate dropped 8.7 points since the end of 2013 . although the economic recovery is likely to be contributing to coverage gains , the uninsured rate is now significantly lower than it was in early 2008 , before the recession . that suggests that the gains in coverage are due to more than an improving economy . five years after its passage , the biggest question now for obama 's health care law is a supreme court challenge . opponents of the law argue that its literal language only allows the government to subsidize premiums in states that set up their own online insurance markets . most have not done so , defaulting to the federal healthcare.gov . supporters say that while some provisions may be confusing when read in isolation , the intent of congress was to help consumers in every state pay their premiums . a decision in that case is expected by late june . the survey results were based on landline and cellphone interviews conducted from january 2 to march 31 with a random sample of 43,575 adults ages 18 and older . for results based on the total sample , the margin of sampling error is plus or minus 1 percentage point .