in recent years , iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location with its majestic vistas being prominently featured in many hit tv series or hollywood blockbusters . despite the fact that iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920 , well-known fantasy , sci-fi and action film directors and producers have all descended on the island nation as of late , prompting the quick development of 17 production services companies nationwide . although the country 's many stunning waterfalls and breathtaking glaciers translate beautifully to the silver screen , there are certain filming locations that consistently rank a cut above and are drawing fans of productions such as game of thrones , interstellar or prometheus . thingvellir national park provided the location for the north of westeros in game of thrones . fans will likely recognise the national park as the setting of the battle of the hound and brienne . the black volcanic landscapes of svartalfheim provided the filmmakers of thor : the dark world with the perfect otherworldly setting , as outlined in this icelandair infographic . meanwhile , clint eastwood opted to film battle scenes for both letters from iwo jima and flags of our fathers in iceland – specifically along the dramatic cliffs of the reykjanes peninsula , just a quick drive from the capital . scenes from christopher nolan’s epic interstellar were filmed atop the blue ice glacier svinafellsjokull in the skaftafell national park , which is also located near another favoured filming location : iceland’s largest glacier , vatnajokull . the svinafellsjokull glacier provided a stunning setting for christopher nolan 's epic film , interstellar . interstellar tells the tale of explorers who travel in search of a new planet to sustain the human race . europe 's most powerful waterfall , the dettifoss , was used in the opening scenes of prometheus . in prometheus , the rushing waterfall in the background is meant to help depict the beginning of time . ' interstellar was my second time filming in iceland and it was another worldly experience , ' the director told film in iceland . ' iceland truly represents the beautiful extremes the nature has to offer . ' not to be left out , ridley scott scouted europe’s most powerful waterfall , the dettifoss , for the opening scenes depicting the beginning of time in prometheus . and finally , game of thrones enthusiasts will undoubtedly recognise the north of iceland , namely thingvellir national park , from arya’s storyline and as the setting of the battle of the hound and brienne , in the north of westeros . the jokullsarlon lake , at the foot of the massive massive vatnajokull glacier , is another favoured filming spot .