school safety experts have reported a ' worrying increase ' in e-terrorism , where threats are sent electronically - sometimes from thousands of miles away . the ohio-based national school safety and security services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year . researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message , social media , email or other online means . law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit . worrying trend : in this january 13 , 2014 photo , students pass by seven lakes high school after being evacuated for the day after a bomb squad was called to remove a potentially explosive device . in many cases , swift action is taken with lockdowns and evacuations . however , authorities say the majority of the time threats turn out to be hoaxes . indeed , just this week a 16-year-old from gateway high school in kissimmee , florida , was arrested for posting about a bomb threat on twitter because ' she was angry and did not want to go to school , ' according to the osceola county sheriff 's office . complicating matters , the threats are n't just coming from within school walls or even a school 's neighborhood . last fall , lakota middle school in federal way , washington , was placed in lockdown and police responded after an email purportedly from the islamic state group demanded ransom money and threatened to ' shoot and kill ' every american , according to a police report . a 14-year-old student was arrested after admitting the email had been sent by her online friend ' ryan ' after she told him to ' swat ' her school because she thought it would be funny , police said . anonymous : law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it that much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit ( stock photo ) . ' swatting ' plays off the idea of issuing a threat that draws a swat team in response , disrupting activities at the target of the threat . it appears to have originated with pranksters in the online gaming community . in a separate case , a 14-year-old in western michigan was ordered by a judge to pay nearly $ 8,000 in restitution to the coopersville area public schools and the ottawa county sheriff 's office for his involvement in a swatting incident that put schools in lockdown after a caller using computer-based technology made threats against the schools . authorities say the call was made by a person code-named ' ransom , ' whom the teen had met online . ' ransom ' is believed to live in the uk and is suspected in a string of similar incidents from coast to coast , according to law enforcement . ' he will learn from this , ' the teen 's father said , according to the grand rapids press in michigan . the motivations of the threat makers vary , just as they did a generation ago when bomb threats were called in by pay phone : avoiding a test , revenge or simply to show off . with swatting , a motivation appears to be thrill-seeking , said capt . mark bennett with the ottawa county sheriff 's office . it 's not too difficult for students to figure out how to pull off such an incident , said justin cappos , a computer science professor at new york university who studies cybersecurity . ' you wander to the wrong parts of the internet and you can learn how to do it and not get caught , ' cappos said . with each incident , there 's a risk when authorities respond , said detective jerrad ely , a digital forensics expert with the mount vernon police department in washington who has been investigating a bomb threat case against a school in his community . ' they could inadvertently get hurt when police are just trying to do their jobs based on the best information that they have , ' he said . applications such as burnbook , afterschool , yik yak , whisper and kik also have been used by students to make threats anonymously . in michigan , superintendent timothy stein of the flushing community schools wrote to parents in december informing them about a posting on afterschool that said , ' bringing a gun to school . ' the posting had been brought to the high school principal 's attention by a text message ; police quickly determined that it was not a credible threat . ' i encourage you to ask you child to stop using this app and remove it from their phone , ' stein said . every threat has to be taken seriously even though in most cases the called-in danger is not real , said david pennington , superintendent of schools in ponca city , oklahoma , and president of the aasa school superintendents association . meanwhile , social media and other electronic means of communication are keeping parents informed about threats . mindful of past school shootings , they are demanding that children be pulled out of school even as school and law enforcement officials investigate . ' the security of people has been greatly eroded in this country , as you know , just through awful things that have happened , ' said mark davidson , deputy superintendent at the federal way public schools . 