they announced they were ' consciously uncoupling ' in march 2014 . and over a year later gwyneth paltrow , 42 , and chris martin , 38 , have finalized their divorce , according to a report from tmz . the documents are reportedly signed and will be filed on monday . scroll down for video ... done : gwyneth paltrow , 42 , and chris martin , 38 , pictured together in mexico earlier this month , are said to have finalized their divorce . sources tell the site the divorce was amicable . they have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody . a judge should be signing off the divorce shortly , it was added . leaving it to the pros : they have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody . the settlement is confidential settlement but insiders claim there were no big problems with money or custody of their two children 10-year-old apple and moses aged nine . the iron man actress and coldplay frontman married in december 2003 . the documents will cite irreconcilable differences . martin has reportedly been dating silver linings playbook actress jennifer lawrence while paltrow has been seeing glee executive brad falchuk , 44 . they 've moved on : martin is dating jennifer lawrence ( left ) while paltrow is with brad falchuk ( right ) . in april 2014 martin told bbc radio 1 's zane lowe that he had to work on himself . ' i would n't use the word breakdown , ' martin said about the end of his marriage . ' this was more a realization about trying to grow up basically… if you ca n't open yourself up , you ca n't appreciate the wonder inside . ' so you can be with someone very wonderful , but because of your own issues you can not let that be celebrated in the right way . ' good parents : the two have been on good terms as they share custody of their two children ; here they are pictured in january 2014 . their split was announced on her website goop . ' it is with hearts full of sadness that we have decided to separate , ' she wrote . martin also told lowe : ' what changed for me was , i do n't want to go through life being scared of it , being scared of love , being scared of rejection , being scared of failure… about two years ago i was a mess really because i ca n't enjoy the thing that we are good at and i ca n't enjoy the great things around me because i 'm burdened by this - i 've got to not blame anyone else and make some changes . ' a power couple once upon a time : the goop lady and the coldplay frontman in january 2014 .