a 12-year-old boy who fell out of a five-storey window miraculously survived after landing on a car parked beneath the building . according to his father , the boy most likely fell while sleepwalking . the incident happened last saturday in nanchang , the provincial capital of jiangxi in southeastern china , reported the people’s daily online . life-saving car : the 12-year-old boy from nanchang was saved by this car parked underneath the building . miraculous : the kid fell from the fourth floor of this building while sleepwalking , according to his father . a hotel receptionist working across the road said she heard a loud bang around midnight , which she thought was a car accident . when she went out to have a look she discovered there was the body of a boy lying on top of a white car . the boy was crying out for help . ' the car’s windscreen was shattered and there was a lot of blood , ' said the eyewitness . the receptionist added : ' the boy was conscious at the time and an ambulance was called to take him to the hospital . someone said that he had fallen from the fourth floor . 'he’s really lucky . if it wasn’t for the car , he would not have survived . ' doctors at the nanchang university medical hospital said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries . the main injury was to his leg but he needed further observations . nonvital injuries : doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries but his leg was hurt . the boy’s father said : “ i don’t know how he fell out of the window but he said that he was sleepwalking . ” the public security bureau is further investigating the incident . however , the owner of the car , xiao deng , doesn’t feel so lucky . scene of the incident : neighbours noticed the fall when the boy was on top of the car and yelling for help . deng was having dinner nearby and when he returned saw the damage to his car . he said that he bought the car just six months ago . he has called the insurance company but representative told him they have never handled such an incident before and needed to check to see how much of this is covered .