a dismembered body discovered at a flat in wales has been identified as tracey woodford , police said , as a man was arrested over her murder . the 47-year-old is believed to have been attacked in woodland in pontypridd on tuesday before being taken back to the property of a man she is thought to have left a town centre pub with , officers said . her body was discovered with ' massive injuries ' around 3pm on friday afternoon , prompting police to launch a murder investigation . a man named locally as christopher may , 50 , has been arrested . police confirmed yesterday they had been given an extra 36 hours to question the suspect . scroll down for video . a dismembered body discovered at a flat in wales has been identified as tracey woodford ( above ) who has been missing since tuesday , police revealed . ms woodford was last seen by her family at around 12.45pm on april 21 in rhydyfelin . she was reported missing the next day and her body was discovered after police received information she was with a man at the skinny dog pub for around two hours that night and left the premises with him . a police spokesman said : ' police officers then visited the suspect 's address and , following a search of the property , discovered a body . the suspect was arrested on suspicion of murder . ' a 50-year-old man remains in police custody and is assisting police with our enquiries . ' after discovering the body police cordoned off an area surrounding nearby pontypridd rugby club 's sardis road stadium and officers were seen searching the undergrowth . at least four south wales police vans and one helicopter took part in the operation , prompting speculation from local residents . detective superintendent paul hurley described the events surrounding ms woodford 's death as ' tragic ' . in a press conference he said : ' the events have had a profound effect on her family and the wider community , especially given the harrowing circumstances of her death . her body was discovered with ' massive injuries ' at the property ( above ) yesterday afternoon , prompting police to launch a murder investigation . an officer stands guard near a trailer covered with blue tarpaulin . detective superintendent paul hurley described the events surrounding ms woodford 's death as ' tragic ' . she was reported missing the next day and her body was discovered after police received information she was with a man at the skinny dog pub ( above ) for around two hours on tuesday night . ' there are well established communities in the south wales valleys . i know those communities will rally around tracey’s family . ' he added that police want to speak to anybody who thinks they may have information that can help the investigation . they are particularly interested in those who noticed anything suspicious near andrews court , rickards street , or near the rugby ground . ' no matter how insignificant the information may seem , we would like people to contact us , ' he said . ' we have a team of detectives and the support of specialist resources working on this inquiry and while we understand it will alarm the community , this is an isolated incident and we do have somebody in custody . ' police have cordoned off an area surrounding pontypridd rugby club , near to where the body was found . neighbours at the flat complex are shocked at the latest updates . one said : ' it is just too shocking to think about . you dread to think about that poor woman and what she went through . ' another added : ' tracey had her problems over the years but she was loved by her family . 'no-one deserves to die like this . it doesn’t bear thinking about . ' reverend michael gable , a local vicar , also paid tribute . a 50-year-old man was arrested after police found the body at a property in pontypridd . above , an officer and a sniffer dog search nearby . police are now appealing for anyone with information to come forward . above , an officer near the scene . he said : ' it 's a tragic situation . the community will be upset and concerned by this news . we send our thoughts and prayers to those involved . ' a neighbour said : ' tracey was loved by her family . no-one deserves to die like this . it does n't bear thinking about . ' ms woodford 's next of kin have been informed but have not yet commented . a post-mortem is likely to take place today . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .