diane priestley was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue . she died of an aneurysm . an ambulance service has apologised to the family of a woman who died after errors by emergency call operators meant she was not classed as having a life-threatening condition . david priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance to reach his wife diane , who was struggling to breathe and whose tongue and lips had turned blue . an investigation has found that an ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes to reach the 57-year-old at her home in shildon , county durham . instead , a longer 30 minute response time was assigned - which north east ambulance service ( neas ) still failed to meet - and the grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm on arrival at darlington memorial hospital . in a letter to mr priestley , neas admitted : ' the delay in an ambulance arriving was initially due to the call handler error which resulted in an incorrect priority . ' however , as already acknowledged , we failed to attend within the timescale for the case priority that was in place . ' this was as a result of high demand on that day for emergency responses , compounded by a lack of resources to meet that demand . ' mr priestley , 59 , said he remains tormented by the thought his wife might have survived had paramedics reached her sooner on the afternoon of saturday , september 30 , last year . he described his wife of 40 years as his best friend . he added : ' it 's like they say do n't get bad on a weekend , as you wo n't get the proper treatment . ' she was my life . we did everything together . ' following the investigation into mrs priestley 's death , neas found errors were made by the emergency operators during the first two 999 calls at 1.21pm and 1.47pm . david priestley , 59 , said he remains tormented by the thought his wife might have survived had paramedics reached her sooner . north east ambulance service admitted delay was initially due to the call-handler error . grandmother-of-nine mrs priestley died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm on arrival at darlington memorial hospital ( pictured ) . mr priestley described his wife of 40 years as his best friend . in a letter to mr priestley , the north east ambulance nhs foundation trust said the first operator failed to enter details about his wife 's deathly colour into the system - meaning a 30 minute response priority was activated rather than eight minutes . during the next call , the second operator failed to check further about mrs priestley 's temperature and it was not until the third 999 call at 2.13pm that an ambulance crew was assigned - eventually arriving at 2.33pm . the trust apologised and said the call handlers had received coaching on the issues identified . mr priestley said he felt the apology was insincere and believes the call handlers should have been dismissed . a spokesman for neas said : ' we would like to offer our condolences to mr priestley and his family , and our sincere apology for the errors made by the ambulance service . ' she said a thorough investigation had been carried out and the case had been reported to the nhs commissioners as a serious incident . she added : ' any actions resulting from a full investigation are at the discretion of neas and , in this case , we believe we have taken appropriate action . ' we are sorry to hear that mr priestley is unhappy with the outcome of the investigation . if he would like to contact his family liaison officer or our patient experience team , we would be happy to go through his concerns with him . '