jenson button was denied his 100th race for mclaren after an energy recovery system prevented him from making it to the start-line . it capped a miserable weekend for the briton ; his time in bahrain plagued by reliability issues . button spent much of the race on twitter delivering his verdict as the action unfolded . ' kimi is the man to watch , ’ and ‘ loving the sparks’ , were among his pearls of wisdom , but the tweet which courted the most attention was a rather mischievous one : ‘ ooh is lewis backing his team mate into vettel ? ’ he quizzed after rosberg accused hamilton of pulling off such a manoeuvre in china . jenson button waves to the crowd ahead of the bahrain grand prix which he failed to start . perhaps a career in the media beckons… . lewis hamilton has out-qualified and finished ahead of nico rosberg at every race this season . indeed rosberg has now beaten his mercedes team-mate only once in the 11 races since the pair infamously collided in belgium last year . hamilton secured the 36th win of his career in bahrain and his 21st from pole position . only michael schumacher ( 40 ) , ayrton senna ( 29 ) and sebastian vettel ( 27 ) have more . he also became only the sixth f1 driver to lead 2,000 laps . nico rosberg has been left in the shade by lewis hamilton who celebrates winning his third race of the year . kimi raikkonen secured a record seventh podium finish in bahrain following his superb late salvo , although the ferrari driver has never won in the gulf kingdom . it was the finn’s first trip to the rostrum since the 2013 korean grand prix , but his triumph brought a typically deadpan response : ‘ you 're never happy when you finish second… i 'm a bit pleased to get a result . ’ sparks fly off the back of kimi raikkonen 's ferrari en route to finishing second in bahrain . bernie ecclestone was in the bahrain paddock this weekend . he denied trying to engineer a deal for hamilton , out of contract at the end of the season , to join ferrari despite earlier insisting that such a move would be ‘great’ for the sport . the 84-year-old also confirmed that f1 would be in azerbaijan for the first time next year , even with concerns surrounding the country’s human rights record . ‘ i think everybody seems to be happy , ’ ecclestone said . ‘ there does n't seem to be any big problem there . there 's no question of it not being on the calendar . it 's going to be another good race . ’ formula one supremo bernie ecclestone speaks to nico rosberg ahead of the bahrain grand prix .