it was a vision that apparently led the biblical paul to become one of the most influential figures in early christianity by helping to spread the religion around the world . but now astronomers believe the bright light in the sky that triggered the conversion of paul the apostle may have actually been a falling meteor 2,000 years ago . they say descriptions of paul 's experience - in which he was blinded for three days after seeing a bright light - match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above chelyabinsk in russia in 2013 . scroll down for video . paul converted to christianity after experiencing a bright light and a divine voice while he traveled on a road towards damascus in syria , as depicted in this painting by michelangelo , but it may have been a meteor . dr william hartmann , co-founder of the planetary science institute in tucson , arizona , examined three accounts of paul 's conversion in the bible . writing in the journal meteoritics and planetary science , he said : ' the first-century book , acts of the apostles , gives three separate descriptions of a bright light `` from heaven '' , which occurred probably in the 30s ( c.e . ) near damascus , syria . a meteor that blazed across southern urals in february was the largest recorded meteor strike in more than a century . more than 1,600 people were injured by the shock wave from the explosion , estimated to be as strong as 20 hiroshima atomic bombs , as it landed near the city of chelyabinsk . the fireball measuring 18 meters across , screamed into earth 's atmosphere at 41,600 mph . much of the meteor landed in a local lake called chebarkul . scientists have already uncovered more than 12 pieces from lake chebarkul since the february 15 incident . however , only five of them turned out being real meteorites . the chelyabinsk asteroid caused the second most powerful explosion in recorded history . the first was in 1908 when a suspected asteroid exploded with a force about 1,000 times more powerful than hiroshima , levelling about 80m trees over 772 sq miles ( 2,000 sq km ) near russia 's podkamennaya tunguska river in siberia . it is thought the chelyabinsk meteor may have formed after breaking off a 656 feet wide asteroid called 2011 eo . researchers have also found that it may have collided with another asteroid around 290 million years ago . ' the details offer a strikingly good match to a chelyabinsk-class or tunguska-class fireball . ' in the accounts given in the bible , paul had been one of the zealous persecutors of the followers of jesus . however , during a journey to damascus , syria , he and his companions saw a bright light in the sky . paul was blinded for three days and he heard a divine voice or sound . the experience apparently so affected paul that he converted to christianity and undertook several influential missions to spread the word of christ around the mediterranean . many believe paul 's preaching led to the rise of much of the theology and traditions in the roman and protestant faith strands that exist today . however , some have attempted to explain paul 's vision as being the result of some kind of seizure or of sunstroke . dr hartmann , however , says the description of the light in the sky , the thunderous sound and the temporary blindness all match the events of a meteorite . he said the cheyabinsk meteor , which exploded in the atmosphere close to the russian city , is a good example of what paul may have experienced . he said that the bright light in the sky - which was ' brighter than the sun , shining round me ' - matches videos of the chelyabinsk meteor , which was estimated to be three times as bright as the sun . its movement across the sky created fast moving shadows that would have given the impression of the light moving around paul . the meteorite that streaked across the sky above chelyabinsk in russia ( above ) created a bright light and noise that may have been similar to those experienced by paul the apostle in 30 ad , claims astronomer . the shockwave caused by exploding meterorite over chelyabinsk shattered windows and apparently caused the roof of this zinc factory in the city to collapse . 100 people were injured by flying glass from the blast . dr hartmann says that the shockwave created by an exploding meteor could also have been responsible for knocking paul and his companions to the ground after the light . the shock wave created by the meteor that exploded above chelyabinsk shattered windows , rocked cars and knocked people over . dr hartmann also argues that the sound of the explosion could also have been the source of the ' voice ' paul heard . the three accounts of his experience in the bible differ , with some saying it was a voice and others a sound . the fireball that above chelyabinsk ( above ) was captured by a number of dashboard cameras in cars . paul 's temporary blindness could also have been caused by the intense ultraviolet radiation from the meteor - creating a condition called photokeratitis . dr hartmann said : ' among the most impressive , unexpected consistencies with modern knowledge is the first-century description of symptoms of temporary blindness caused by exposure to intense radiation , matching a condition now known as photokeratitis . ' in chelyabinsk the radiation given off by the meteor was strong enough to cause sunburn and some temporary blindness . speaking to new scientist , dr hartmann said : ' everything they are describing in those three accounts in the book of acts are exactly the sequence you see with a fireball . ' if that first-century document had been anything other than part of the bible , that would have been a straightforward story . ' the 20-ft-wide hole in the ice of a frozen lake was created by the falling fragments of the chelyabinsk meteor . he added that unfamiliar natural phenomena like an exploding meteor are often interpreted in the context of ' current cultural conceptions ' . he added however that he does not intend to discredit christianity with his interpretation , but hopes to show how a meteor may have changed the course of the religion . other researchers said that a search for meteorites in and around syria could help to prove his theories . even if his theory does prove to be correct , others say that it is unlikely that christianity would not have spread if paul had not encountered the meteor . however , justin meggitt , a religious historian at the university of cambridge , said that the religion could have been very different . he told new scientist : ' people 's interpretation of paul is absolutely fundamental to some of the central figures of christianity . ' christianity probably would be very different without him . '