arrested : ashley doody was arrested on sunday after allegedly attacking the family dog with a kitchen knife . a 30-year-old mother-of-two allegedly high on bath salts stabbed her family dog with a kitchen knife because she thought it was possessed by demons , according to police in maine . aroostook county sheriff 's office responded to a home in perham on sunday and found ashley doody acting aggressively and exhibiting unpredictable behavior . they discovered that doody , who is a nurse , had attacked her mixed-breed dog , trixie . the sheriff says the dog lost a lot of blood but was taken to a veterinarian and is expected to survive - while doody is in jail on $ 1,000 bail . she has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear before aroostock county superior court on may 19 . according to deputies , when they arrived at the home , doody was threatening to harm herself with the knife . they discovered that she had stabbed trixie believing the dog was ' demon possessed . ' police have said that they believe doody had taken bath salts which can cause severe agitation , paranoia , hallucinations and suicidal behavior in users . state animal welfare agents have been notified of the attack and already doody has been banned from any access to pets in the future . according to her facebook page , doody is engaged to be married to mark sawyer and has been since may 2008 . seriously injured : trixie ( pictured ) is a mixed-breed family dog and was knifed by doody while she was allegedly high on bath salts on sunday . cruelty : according to deputies who arrested doody she will not be allowed to own a pet after her actions . she claims to work as a nurse at full circle health care llc and is a mother to two children . since the beginning of the month , doody has been posting self-help and life-affirming messages to her facebook page such as ' until you 've lived my life , walked my path , suffered my pain and seen what i 've seen , i could care less about your judgements . '