health officials say a drug-resistant mutant super-strain of a nasty stomach bug has made its way into the u.s. and is spreading - already causing more than 200 illnesses since last may . shigella infections , otherwise known as ' delhi belly ' or ' montezuma 's revenge ' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the dominican republic , india or other countries . the symptoms include diarrhea , stomach cramps and nausea . outbreaks of the shigella bacteria are not unusual , but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults . cases of shigellosis ( bacteria pictured ) , otherwise known as ' delhi belly ' or ' montezuma 's revenge ' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the dominican republic , india or other countries . the centers for disease control and prevention released the report thursday . the superbug sickened at least 243 people , in 32 states and puerto rico . sometimes antibiotics are prescribed , especially for more serious cases . cdc director tom frieden said in a statement : ' these outbreaks show a troubling trend in shigella infections in the united states . 'drug-resistant infections are harder to treat and because shigella spreads so easily between people , the potential for more – and larger – outbreaks is a real concern . 'we’re moving quickly to implement a national strategy to curb antibiotic resistance because we can’t take for granted that we’ll always have the drugs we need to fight common infections . scientists unlocked the genetic code of bacteria grown from a soldier who died of dysentery in world war i . their findings revealed a superbug already resistant to penicillin and other antibiotics decades before they were in common use . cdc director tom frieden said the spike in outbreaks show a ' troubling trend ' in shigella infections across the united states . kate baker of britain 's wellcome trust sanger institute said last november that analysis of genetic differences between this 1915 sample of shigella flexneri and three others isolated in 1954 , 1984 and 2002 showed that while the bacterium has changed relatively little , the mutations it has acquired have made it more dangerous and persistent . it also went though what is known as a ' serotype conversion ' , she said , which made it able to re-infect and cause illness in people who had already been infected before and would previously have been immune to further attacks . shigella causes an estimated 500,000 cases of diarrhea in the united states every year . cdc and public health partners investigated several recent clusters of shigellosis in massachusetts , california and pennsylvania and found that nearly 90 percent of the cases tested were resistant to ciprofloxacin ( cipro ) , the first choice to treat shigellosis among adults in the united states .   