8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer . noreen spendlove was reassured when the results of her latest mammogram were normal . noreen , then 68 , had the scan as part of the nhs breast cancer screening programme , and as she says : ' as always , getting the all-clear was a big relief . ' but 18 months later , shortly before her 70th birthday , the mother-of-three from derbyshire developed intermittent pain in her left side , just below her breast . and although noreen , a former administrator , was n't concerned , her daughter , a radiographer , insisted she see a gp . despite finding nothing abnormal , the gp referred noreen for a mammogram . this revealed three lumps on her left breast , which were all tumours . noreen is adamant : ' that gp appointment saved my life . ' breast cancer screening was introduced in 1988 , with women aged 50 to 64 invited for a mammogram every three years . in 2000 , the upper limit was extended to 70 . ' i did n't realise it at the time , but at 68 i 'd already had my last official mammogram , ' says noreen . ' it 's all the more scary knowing that , because even though i check my breasts regularly , i definitely had n't felt any lumps . without my daughter , i would n't have gone to my gp . ' noreen was one of the lucky ones . mps are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit . in a report published two weeks ago , the all party parliamentary group on breast cancer pointed out that 8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer . and while more are diagnosed at a younger age - 12,800 in their 60s and 10,600 in their 50s - more than half of the 12,000 women who die from breast cancer every year are over 70 . so , extending the age for routine mammograms would mean earlier diagnosis for those over 70 and more lives saved , the mps said . in fact , the upper age limit is due to change . from the end of 2016 , all women up to 73 will be invited for screening . but critics argue this is not high enough . nat lievesley , a researcher at the centre for policy on ageing , says this cut-off point ' seems arbitrary ' , adding : ' it feels like a decision based on cost rather than what 's best for women . ' and the parliamentary group is concerned at the ' slow pace of change ' . in 2013 , they called for the age limit to be raised to at least 76 , and possibly to 79 . ' extending the age for routine mammograms would mean earlier diagnosis and more lives saved ' . ' while some progress has been made , there is still a lot of work to do in ensuring that older people with breast cancer receive the care , treatment and support most appropriate to them , ' says steve brine , the conservative mp for winchester and co-chair of the parliamentary group . and this ageism is not limited to access to mammograms . there 's evidence older women are less likely to get certain treatment for breast cancer than younger women . in 2013 , researchers at the university of sussex said women over 70 in the uk who are diagnosed with the disease have only a one-in-seven chance of receiving the chemotherapy that is standard treatment for younger patients . a study from the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine , published in the british journal of cancer , reported that women over 70 are 12 per cent less likely to survive breast cancer after three years than women of the same age in sweden , where screening in most of the country continues to 74 . sean duffy , national clinical director for cancer at nhs england , last year warned : ' around 2,000 deaths from breast cancer in older women could be avoided each year in england if survival rates matched the best in europe . ' it is ‘shameful’ to write off people as too old for screening and treatment , adds lynda thomas , chief executive of macmillan cancer support . ‘ people should be judged on their health as an individual not just their age . ’ ending screening at 73 ‘doesn’t take account of the fact that ageing is changing’ , adds nat lievesley . ‘it’s no longer a strong indicator of frailty . just look at the role models for women in their 70s . ’ yet the benefits of extending screening are not clear-cut , for there is a risk of women undergoing unnecessary treatment . a dutch study , published in the bmj in august 2014 , suggested that inviting all women over the age of 70 for screening could result in 'over- diagnosis and overtreatment ' . researchers monitored 25,500 women aged 70 to 75 diagnosed with the disease after 1995 , when breast cancer screening in the netherlands was extended from 69 to 75 . they found this had led to only a small increase in the discovery of advanced breast cancer , while the number of early-stage tumours detected increased considerably . for every woman found to have advanced cancer , another 20 would be diagnosed with small , slow-growing tumours that might not affect their life expectancy but would lead to major surgery , chemotherapy and radiotherapy . lead researcher dr gerrit jan-liefers , of leiden university medical centre , said : ' the chances of older women recovering from such severe treatment is far less than for younger women . ' older women are more likely to suffer from chronic health problems alongside cancer , he pointed out . ' so it may take them a year , a year and a half before they function normally . ' for noreen spendlove , however , there is no question in her mind that screening should be extended . after her second mammogram in march 2011 , she had a needle biopsy the same day , and two weeks later a mastectomy . the cancer had spread to her neck , so she was given six sessions of chemotherapy followed by a five-week course of radiotherapy . ' the treatment was murderous , ' says noreen . but as she prepares to receive the all-clear next year , she has no regrets about having this treatment . indeed , her worry is that , once five years since her treatment have passed , she 'll no longer be automatically invited back for screening as younger cancer survivors would be . in fact , women are entitled to request mammograms at any age - it 's just the invitations that stop . cancer charities warn that this gives the message that women no longer need to worry about breast cancer . women are entitled to request mammograms at any age . an added complication is that older women are likely to be less ' breast aware ' and more cautious about bothering their gp , the all-party parliamentary group pointed out previously . jane murphy , clinical nurse specialist at breast cancer care , says : ' it 's clear from calls to our helpline many older women believe that because they are n't being invited , they are no longer at risk . ' jackie woods , 57 , a local government officer from forest hill , south london , agrees this can be a problem . her mother , betty , celebrated her 88th birthday last month after undergoing treatment for breast cancer four years ago . betty had diligently booked herself in for regular mammograms , despite no longer being invited for screening - but she was rare among her peers in doing so . during november 2011 , jackie was diagnosed with breast cancer after her regular mammogram . the diagnosis reminded betty to request another scan for herself , and in june 2012 she was diagnosed with an early form of breast cancer and had a mastectomy . rather than simply ending screening , the dutch researchers who suggested that extending the programme to all older women could do more harm than good , say the decision whether to continue scans should be personalised to each woman . this should be ' based on remaining life expectancy , breast cancer risk , functional status and patients ' preferences ' , says dr jan-liefers . another way forward , says jane murphy , is for women to be reminded at their last screening that they are entitled to further ones . ' they should be given a card that informs them that they can continue to take advantage of regular screening . but it does n't always happen . ' noreen spendlove was given no such card . ' it 's terrifying to think that the cancer might not have been picked up , ' she says . breast cancer care helpline : 0808 800 6000 or breastcancercare.org.uk . macmillan cancer support : 0808 808 0000 or macmillan.org.uk .