a college professor has been charged after he called a driver a ' moron ' and threatened him during a a road rage incident on campus . linden adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at kent state university in ohio on wednesday . the 56-year-old , who works in the college of applied engineering , can be heard shouting : ' what kind of moron are you ? ' scroll down for video . linden adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at kent state university in ohio on wednesday . he then tries to grab the windshield wipers but is pulled to ground when the van drives off . adkins suffered road rash and was treated at the scene . witnesses told newsnet5 the incident was sparked when the minivan cut off the car . adkins claims he did it because he saw the motorist texting as he ran a stop sign and nearly hit a a pedestrian . he told the tv station : ' that 's when i just got very upset about texting and driving . we 've been inundated with ... you should n't be doing that . that 's when i got out of my car and , yes , i got enraged . the 56-year-old , who works in the college of applied engineering , can be heard shouting : ' what kind of moron are you ? ' he was then dragged to the ground as he tried to grab the windshield wipers , and the car drove off . ' i did n't get violent . i did n't get threatening . but i did want to make my point to him . unfortunately i made it very strong . ' maybe i should n't have been quite as intense , but at the same time , is it possible that my being that intense saved a future life ? ' adkins was charged with menacing , a fourth-degree misdemeanor . he will appear in court april 21 and plans to plead guilty . his biggest concern however is about his job - which some people say could be in jeopardy . ' i may be getting in a lot of trouble for it . i hope to hell something comes good out of it , ' he old newsnet5 . ' if what i did did n't teach him that he should n't be texting while driving , nothing is going to . ' adkins ( left and right ) claims he did it because he saw the motorist texting as he ran a stop sign and nearly hit a a pedestrian . he is due in court next week and plans to plead guilty to a misdemeanor .