a couple who suffered five devastating miscarriages and lost their six-month-old son because he was born prematurely finally have the family they dreamed of after his sister acted as a surrogate . pritesh , 36 and mansi gandhi , 35 , started trying for a baby ten years ago but repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition . mansi , from feltham , london , did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007 but khushi was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life . however , pritesh 's sister hiral shah , 32 , stepped in and offered to carry the couple 's baby - and after ivf treatment , gave birth to krish three weeks ago after a 20-minute labour . mansi did manage to eventually become pregnant and gave birth in 2007 but the boy , khushi , was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life , so they krish was a miracle for them . pritesh and manis , a supermarket worker , met through family friends in 2001 and the smitten pair got married a year later , and began trying for a baby after three years . manis fell pregnant in 2007 , but khushi was born with brain haemorrhages and died aged six months in may 2007 and after spending most of his short life in hospital . doctors investigated and mansi was diagnosed with cervical insufficiency - premature dilation of the cervix due to the weight of a growing baby . the couple continued to attempt to have a baby , but suffered miscarriages at 18 weeks in 2008 , 14 weeks in 2009 , 18 weeks in 2010 . doctors put stitches in mansi 's cervix in a bid to keep it closed , but tragically they also lost a further two babies in the early weeks of pregnancy in 2012 and 2013 . mansi said : ' i gave up on any hopes of having a child of my own after losing six babies . ' it 's heartbreaking to lose even one baby whereas in my case i lost six babies and that made me feel awful about myself . ' i started hating myself and always thought why ca n't i have a baby when everyone around me is blessed with one . ' pritesh and mansi gandhi finally welcomed a baby boy , krish , after losing six babies , after pritesh 's sister hiral acted as a surrogate . l-r pritesh , mansi , baby krish , hiral , husband amish and their son ronav . pritesh added : ' it was so hard and very traumatic . ' i could n't put mansi through any more pain and i was worried that if we tried for any longer mansi would get depressed . ' i did n't want anything to happen to her so we gave up . ' we thought `` it 's ok , we are not meant to have children , let us just assume that god has n't written a child into our fate . '' ' the heartbroken pair had given up hope of ever having a family when hiral offered to carry their baby - despite having a six-month-old son of her own . they called a family meeting and promised to do all they could to support hiral , who already had a son ronav , now one , with husband amish , 33 , an engineer . hiral underwent ivf at crm care fertility in london , costing £10,000 , and after her brother and sister-in-law produced two embryos , one was implanted last summer and she fell pregnant . little krish was born at west middlesex university hospital on march 27 - with pritesh and mansi waiting outside the room during the quick 20 minute labour . pritesh and mansi now have the family they always dreamed of and said they will be ' forever in debt ' to pritesh 's sister . operations manager pritesh said : ' my sister and i were always close but this has made all the difference . hiral ( left , pictured while pregnant ) underwent ivf and gave birth to krish ( right ) three weeks ago . ' she is an extra special aunty and for the rest of my life i will be in debt to my sister . ' she had a baby of her own at the time but she still wanted to help me and my family . ' what we went through was so traumatic , but now we finally have a happy family . ' accounts assistant hiral added that although it had been an emotional experience she had been eager to help her struggling brother . ' i witnessed all the losses which my brother and his wife suffered over the years . ' the handing over of baby krish was obviously quite emotional moment for all of us but seeing my brother and his wife very happy made that process a bit easier too . ' i feel ever so happy when i see my brother playing with his little one and it makes me ever so happy to know that i am the reason for his happiness . ' pritesh says that his sister 's selfless act has bought much joy to their family . ' mansi was scared and we were so excited , first of all to find out the sex of the baby , and most importantly to hold him for the first time , ' said pritesh . ' i have to be honest i cried . everyone was so happy . hiral ( pictured here with husband amish ) says that handing over krish to pritesh and mansi was emotional but she was glad to see her brother happy . ' we held him first . obviously my sister found it a little bit difficult , which we were expecting , but she knew she was making us so happy and that made her happy . ' overjoyed mansi said she will let krish know about his aunt 's gift as soon as he is old enough . she said : ' i am sure that krish will always have a special place for hiral in his heart . ' i am so overjoyed and i ca n't believe that i am holding a baby of my own . ' it 's a miracle baby and hiral is a god-send for us . ' i ca n't express in words how grateful i am to hiral and her family and i would like to thank hira 's family to stand by hiral 's decision . ' it 's because of such kind-hearted people like hiral the world is a beautiful place to live . ' hiral added : ' my brother has always gone an extra mile whenever i have needed his help and i thought to myself that now it was my turn to try and help him by giving him this amazing gift of his life . ' i was aware that it was a quite a big commitment but my keen desire to help my brother made me overcome that issue . ' baby krish means the world to my brother . ' pritesh wants to encourage more infertile couples to use surrogacy in the uk rather than abroad , which can result in immigration and custody battles .