the hunt for proof of the loch ness monster 's existence may be over - and it does n't lie in a blurry photograph . fossils of a creature bearing a ' striking ' similarity to depictions of nessie have been found in a 19th century collection . originally belonging to cromarty writer and geologist , hugh miller , the specimens now sit in inverness museum and art gallery . scroll down for video . vital clue ? scientists have revealed that the rediscovered fossil dubbed ' pessie ' ( pictured ) may have lived at the bottom of the freshwater lakes that would later become loch ness . the intriguing fossils were rediscovered when the president of the official loch ness fan club , gary campbell , was invited to the museum and spotted them . he saw the resemblance and called for scientists to investigate the ancient creature . as part of research for the upcoming inverness science festival , museum and festival teams went hunting for the origins of the fossil , belonging to a species known as pterichthyoides milleri - or ' pessie ' as it has been christened . now researchers have revealed that ' pessie ' may have lived at the bottom of the lakes that would later become loch ness . the fish ancestor roamed earth 's freshwater lakes during the paleozoic era , between 542 million and 251 million years ago . the creatures were some of the earliest known vertebrates to possess jaws , though they had grinding plates rather than teeth . great-great grandma ? pterichthyoides milleri ( illustration pictured ) roamed earth 's freshwater lakes during the paleozoic era , between 542 million and 251 million years ago . the name ' pterichthyodes ' refers to the creatures ' odd wing-like appendages - ' pterichthys ' coming from the ancient greek for 'wing-fish ' . it is believed that the ' wings ' led to the pectoral fins seen in modern fish . cait mccullagh , curator at the museum said : ' if you think of the picture that most people have in their heads of the loch ness monster , our fossils pretty much meet what they would expect . ' pterichthyoides milleri lived at the bottom of freshwater lochs and had flippers to help it move around . ' its head and back were covered in an armoured shell , showing that it was well-protected from predator attacks ; ready for anything . ' in 2013 , this shadowy form measuring around 100ft long and seemingly having two giant flippers powering it through the waters of loch ness was photographed by apple 's satellite map app . the image was studied by experts at the official loch ness monster fan club , who concluded it is ‘likely’ to be the elusive beast . elusive : a satellite high in the atmosphere , accessed using apple 's satellite map app , took this amazing image of a creature swimming below the surface of the world famous loch . during preparation work for the festival , dr evelyn gray , an orthopaedic researcher and imaging specialist who is part of the science festival team worked with cait on the history of ' pessie ' . the investigations were undertaken as part of research into possible scientific explanations for the origins of the loch ness monster . ' it became clear that what we have here could be nessie 's great granny , ' explained dr gray . ' it fits all the criteria that people around the world associate with lake monsters , albeit a little smaller than popular images would suggest . ' however , if we assume that this form of nessie would evolve in a normal fashion , then we can project how biological changes over the millennia might make it similar to the larger nessie we think of today ' . tantalising : many hunters have claimed to have spotted the elusive loch ness beast - such this photo of its ' head taken in november 2014 - but concrete evidence has been lacking until now . gary campbell , president of the official loch ness monster fan club said : ' this is fantastic news for all nessie fans . ' we always said that the first sighting of the monster was by st columba 1450 years ago - now we can say her family has been living in the area for 360 million years . ' ' for the first time , visitors to loch ness can be guaranteed to see a real nessie , notwithstanding that it 's one that 's a few years older than her relative that lives in the loch today . ' no one is sure of what nessie actually is and the popular view is that she 's some sort of dinosaur - maybe she 's actually pessie after all ' . ' pessie ' is available to view in the museum in inverness but visitors will have the chance to actually hold her during a lecture on the origins of the loch ness monster on 7th may 2015 . an online register lists 1067 total nessie sightings . the list was created by gary campbell , the man behind the official loch ness monster fan club and is available at www.lochnesssightings.com . mr campbell said : ' jonathan 's photo bears an incredible similarity to bob rines series of pictures and will certainly further stimulate discussion about this enduring legend . ' among the most famous claimed sightings is a photograph taken in 1934 by colonel robert kenneth wilson ( below ) . it was later exposed as a hoax by one of the participants , chris spurling , who , on his deathbed , revealed that the pictures were staged . this famous photograph , produced in 1934 , was exposed as a hoax by one of the participants , chris spurling , on his deathbed . a close-up of what could be the loch ness monster . the photo was taken by william jobes in 2011 . another renowned sighting was made in 2001 by semi-retired photographer james gray and his friend peter levings when they were out fishing on the loch . this blurred picture , said to show the loch ness monster , was taken by hugh gray in 1933 and published in the daily express .