adele sarno ( above ) has been living in her two-bedroom apartment for more than 50 years . an italian-american grandmother is facing eviction from her $ 820-a-month apartment in manhattan 's little italy neighborhood . adele sarno , 85 , who has lived there for more than 50 years received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $ 3,500 a month , far more than the retired shopkeeper can afford . her landlord is the italian american museum which is dedicated to the legacy of italian-americans and is situated below her home . the fight over her two-bedroom apartment began five years ago . ' why would you want to throw me out when i lived here all my life ? ' asked sarno , a feisty , raspy-voiced woman who proudly tells how she once even served as queen of the annual feast of san gennaro , little italy 's most well-known event . ' this is my neighborhood . ' she has been living in the apartment since 1962 when rent was only $ 150 a month , according to cbs . the spat is the latest involving the museum to cause a commotion in little italy , a neighborhood of former tenement buildings and narrow streets in lower manhattan that was once a bustling center of italian immigrant life . an italian restaurant that had been open for decades closed its doors last week in a separate rent-related dispute . ' the negative press that this has caused is so detrimental to the spirit of the italian immigrant , ' said lou di palo , whose family has run an italian specialty foods shop in little italy for over a century . ' i 'm upset over it . ' scroll down for video . the grandmother tried to go through the courts to see if the city 's rent regulation laws could help , but it was determined that her apartment was n't covered ( adele pictured above in her little italy apartment ) . her landlord is the italian american museum ( above ) which is dedicated to the legacy of italian-americans and is situated below her home . they sent her a letter five years ago seeking to increase rent to $ 3,500 . but in recent decades , the character of little italy has been transformed by waves of gentrification and wealthy newcomers . the latest census data from 2013 shows only 554 out of 7,816 residents , about seven per cent , in the census tract encompassing sarno 's street identify as having italian ancestry . museum president joseph scelsa told the new york times that even after all italian-americans had gone from the area , ' the legacy would still remain because we have an institution that does that . ' neither the museum 's president nor its spokesman replied to multiple emails and phone messages from the associated press seeking comment . but they have said the museum is looking to expand its space , or sell the properties to a developer and remain there rent-free . sarno , who has a daughter in wisconsin and a granddaughter on staten island , believes the museum is just after more money , pointing out that her upstairs neighbors pay several thousand dollars a month in rent . the grandmother tried to go through the courts to see if the city 's rent regulation laws could help , but it was determined that her apartment was n't covered . still , she is hopeful she can fight through the courts to forestall the eviction order . a judge has given her lawyers until april 13 to find some kind of solution . il palazzo , the shuttered restaurant , was evicted after being in business since the 1980s . adele sarno poses for picture in her apartment in the little italy section of manhattan on march 31 , 2015 . sarno believes the museum is just after more money as her neighbors pay several thousand dollars a month in rent she said . perry chrisciatelli , who ran the restaurant with his wife , said they had been late with a $ 17,000 rent payment in february , and were told they would have to go unless they were willing to pay almost twice that per month . ' now another piece of little italy is gone , ' he said . truthfully , there 's not a lot of little italy left , mainly a couple of blocks of mulberry street , populated with italian restaurants and tourist stores featuring trinkets and ' kiss me , i 'm italian ' and ' fuggedaboutit ' t-shirts . ' the sort of everyday lived experience of the place as a residence of italian americans for all intents has been over for decades , ' said joseph sciorra of the italian-american institute at queens college . but for a museum dedicated to that history , turning sarno out shows ' a lack of vision , ' he said , suggesting it could have tapped sarno as a speaker or in some other capacity . sarno , he said , ' is literally the living embodiment of the living history of little italy . ' on saturday , a rally was held in support of sarno keeping her apartment as protesters gathered outside of the museum to protest . the grandmother was due to be evicted on monday but a judge has given her lawyers until april 13 to find a solution .