manchester city 's hopes of retaining the premier league title were dealt another blow as manuel pellegrini 's men limped to a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace . glenn murray fired the eagles ahead on 34 minutes with a close-range effort before jason puncheon scored a stunning free-kick to secure a 2-0 lead . yaya toure grabbed one back for the visitors , but it was n't enough to stop city from losing further ground on league leaders chelsea . here , sportsmail's sami mokbel takes us through the key moments of the match . thought manchester city players did n't crowd referees , manuel ? aggrieved at michael oliver 's decision to let glenn murray 's opener stand , city players were quick to surround the referee — delaying the restart . how will pellegrini explain that one ? manuel pellegrini will struggle to defend his city players after they crowded referee michael oliver . kompany gets up in the referee 's face as the city captain shows his clear frustration at selhurst park . palace fans were n't incredibly optimistic ahead of last night 's clash . here 's why : city had recorded seven victories in a row against palace . alan pardew 's side had also failed to score in their last three league games against them . and to top it off , as newcastle boss pardew had lost his last eight league matches against city by an aggregate score of 23-3 . jason puncheon 's stunning free-kick helped cyrstal palace to a memorable win against manchester city . punchon celebrates his goal and is congratulated by palace team-mate james mcarthur ( right ) . wonder what fa chairman greg dyke made of manchester city 's starting xi yesterday . with james milner and frank lampard on the bench , manuel pellegrini named a team without a single english outfield player for the 16th premier league game this season . former england midfielder frank lampard ( pictured ) and james milner were left on the bench for city . but for goalkeeper joe hart , all of city 's starting line-up against crystal palace were foreign players . joel ward made his 100th appearance for palace on monday night . alan pardew fears there may not be many more as the impasse over a new contract continues . crystal palace defender joel ward ( left ) tussles for the ball with city midfielder david silva ( right ) . crystal palace manager alan pardew gives instructions to his players from the touchline at selhurst park . 