gwyneth paltrow has vowed to live on just $ 29 worth of food for a week , after agreeing to take on a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness and funds for new york 's food banks . the 42-year-old mother-of-two , who founded popular lifestyle wesbite goop , posted a picture of her $ 29 grocery shop on her twitter account yesterday afternoon , showcasing a range of healthy options , including a variety of fresh vegetables , some brown rice and some black beans . ' this is what $ 29 gets you at the grocery store - what families on snap ( i.e . food stamps ) have to live on for a week , ' she wrote alongside the image . food-focused : actress-turned-lifestyle guru gwyneth paltrow will be living off $ 29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness about food banks . alexander wang satin blazer . shop the brand at net-a-porter . visit site . a good blazer is an essential item that every girl should have in her wardrobe . but add a touch of satin to it like gwyneth paltrow in her alexander wang version , and it goes from drab to deluxe in the blink of an eye . the goop creator made hers a monochrome look by teaming the blush jacket with a flesh toned sweater dress underneath . the silken topper is great for an evening out and can be paired with cigarette trousers and strappy sandals for an elegant take on the menswear trend . gwyneth 's threads are from a few seasons back , so it 's no longer available in stores . but our style edit is filled with lustrous alternatives from missguided to forever 21 . there 's even a designer rendition with a snakeskin lapel for those so inclined to spend a little more . topshop ' jenny ' satin peplum blazer at nordstrom . visit site . forever 21 metallic satin blazer . visit site . missguided satin lapel longline tuxedo blazer ( now $ 30 ) . visit site . stella mccartney rhea satin blazer at the outnet ( now $ 784 ) . visit site . unsurprisingly , although the grocery store no doubt offered a wealth of cheaper , yet more unhealthy , food options , lifestyle guru gwyneth opted to stick to what she knows best , choosing only the healthiest and greenest of ingredients for the challenge . it looks as though gwyneth might be going for a mexican theme on at least one of the days of the challenge , including gluten-free tortillas , black beans , and avocado in her food haul - all the makings of a very healthy mexican-inspired feast . in a second tweet posted yesterday , she said of the challenge : ' we 're walking in their shoes to see how far we get . ' she then proceeded to nominate popular american chef roy choi , tagging him by his twitter username @ ridingshotgunla . gwyneth also encouraged her fans to head over to the food bank nyc website , take up the challenge themselves , and donate to the cause . there are those , however , who are already criticizing gwyneth 's attempt to experience what living on food stamps is really like ; although the actress has vowed to live on just $ 29 for the week , many suggest that her bizarrely healthy food choices demonstrate just how out of touch she is with the average person . weekly haul : the 42-year-old actress posted this image of her grocery shop , which included a variety of incredibly healthy food items . challenge : gwyneth took to twitter to share the news about her charity challenge . writer rebecca vipond brink from the frisky , highlighted the incredible lack of calories contained in gwyneth 's food choices , suggesting that those people living on snap benefits would require a lot more sustenance in order to go about their day-to-day lives . ' i know other people are critiquing this already , but this bothers me on a basic level because eight of those 16 items are not calorically significant ( sic ) , ' rebecca wrote . ' nutritionally speaking , this is a vitamin bonanza . ' but people who live on snap benefits don’t just have to get nutrients , they have to get actual calories , because they tend to have very physical lives , doing service labor and taking care of children and not necessarily being able to afford a car and so forth . ' according to the frisky , the food in gwyneth 's twitter post contains a total of 7,059 calories , which means the star will be consuming a paltry 1,000 calories per day for the duration of her week-long challenge . that is approximately half of the recommended daily intake for adults suggested by the american heart association . friends together : gwyneth was nominated to take on the week-long challenge by celebrity chef mario batali ( pictured together in april 2013 ) . family ties : it is not known whether gwyneth 's children with ex-husband chris martin - apple , ten , and moses , nine ( pictured ) - will be taking part in the challenge with their mother . many people have also queried why gwyneth might require a total of seven limes - one per day - for the challenge , suggesting that the money spent on the seemingly pointless fruits would have been better spent on some potatoes , or other filling carbohydrate options . for example , safeway - where gwyneth appears to have completed at least part of her shopping - currently sells individual limes for 60 cents each , which adds up to $ 4.20 for seven . had gwyneth chosen a more substantial menu item , she could have picked up four 16 ounce bags of pasta - which retail for $ 1 - for less than the price of her limes . gwyneth 's decision to take on the $ 29-per-week challenge comes less than a month after she told cnn money that she considers herself to be ' incredibly close to the common woman ' . ' i 'm incredibly close to the common woman in that i 'm a woman and i 'm a mother and we all are in a physical body with beating hearts with compassion and love we are all seekers , ' she said in an interview . ' we all want fulfillment , we all want to live our best lives . we want to be healthy and happy and squeeze the most we can out of life . i think that 's all women . ' gwyneth was initially dared to take on the challenge by her close friend , celebrity chef mario batali , who is a member of the food bank for new york city board , and also challenged singers sting and blondie to take part in the week-long trial . according to the food bank nyc website , the challenge is aimed at raising public awareness about the plight of the hungry , while also enabling each participant to understand more about the daily struggle those living on food stamps face . ' congress cut food stamps twice since 2013 , and soup kitchens and food pantries saw an immediate increase in visitors , ' the food bank 's fundraising page explains . ' new yorkers ca n't afford any cuts to food stamps…the # foodbanknycchallenge raises hunger awareness and deepens your understanding about the struggle to afford food on a food stamp budget . ' it is not known whether gywneth 's two children with ex-husband chris martin , apple , ten , and moses , nine , will also be taking part in the challenge however , given the limited supply of food featured in her twitter picture , it is thought the shakespeare in love star is going it alone this time around .