a two-metre south american boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free . a bizarre search is now unfolding on queensland 's gold coast as authorities try to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people 's pet cats and dogs . snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has inclusion body disease ' it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia ' . mr harrison told daily mail australia : ' police should have called the snake catchers and we 'd have euthanised it . that was very silly of them . ' scroll down for video . queensland police found the snake at the base of a tree on a footpath ( pictured ) in surfers paradise and then released it into the wild . queensland police say officers were called to the esplanade at surfers paradise on or about march 26 , to respond to reports of a large snake spotted at the base of a tree on a footpath . the officers released the reptile into bushland at the southport spit , but the incident has since sparked an operation by biosecurity queensland officers who say the snake is n't a harmless python after all . mr harrison believes the snake - likely to be an illegal import that was kept as a pet - will be found ' within a month ' but there are fears if the boa is pregnant there could then be up to 30 live young on the loose . the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people 's pet cats and dogs ( stock photo ) . south american boa constrictors have varying patterns of cream , brown , tan , gray , and black with ovals and diamonds . ' they can eat up to three times their girth , no more or less than pythons and including a cat or small dog , but the biggest problem is if it was going to give birth , ' mr harrison warned . biosecurity queensland is working with the gold coast city council in a bid to find the snake . ' police originally caught it in a sheet after spotting it under a tree in surfers paradise before they released it in bushland at the spit , ' a spokesman said . ' they say they captured the snake when it started moving towards people . ' south american boa constrictors are pinkish or tan in color and have varying patterns of cream , brown , tan , gray , and black with ovals and diamonds .