a single mom and her three kids who ' lost everything but their lives ' in the east village apartment explosion last week are getting an incredible outpouring of support from their fellow new yorkers . diane mclean says she 's been overwhelmed by the generosity of her friends , neighbors and strangers after her four-bedroom rent-stabilized apartment at 45 east seventh street went up in flames . dr mclean , a 58-year-old child psychiatrist in the south bronx , says she and daughter rose , 8 , and twins james and annabelle , 5 , had nothing more than the clothes on their backs after the disaster . diane mclean , 58 , and her three children lost ' everything but their lives ' when fire destroyed their apartment last week . rose , 8 , ( left ) and twins james and annabelle , 5 , lost everything except the clothes on their backs in the fire that destroyed their apartment building . the three kids have had the parents of classmates reach out and offer places to stay and clothing . a gofundme campaign has raised nearly $ 90,000 . ' my heart goes out to the families who lost loved ones . we lost everything but our lives , ' she told pix-tv . two people died in the explosion , moises ismael locon yac , 26 , and 23-year-old nicholas figueroa . nineteen people were injured , some of them critically , and dozens were left homeless . that 's when new yorkers stepped up . a gofundme account has raised more than $ 87,000 for the family . local businesses , like the bagel joint that dr mclean frequents , have even chipped in . they 're currently staying with friends , though the families of several of her children 's classmates have also opened up their homes for them to stay , if needed , people magazine reports . other families have donated clothes and other essentials to help get the family back on their feet . hole in the ground : three buildings on a crowded block in the east village were utterly destroyed in the explosion and subsequent fire last week . the fire injured 19 and killed two people . investigators believe an illegally tapped gas line may have been the cause of the blaze . dr mclean did n't have renter 's insurance , so she wo n't be reimbursed for any of her losses from the fire . ' we might not have a home , but we are far from homeless . it 's an extremely comforting feeling , ' she told people . perhaps the biggest loss , though , was the apartment itself . dr mclean paid just $ 1,500 a month for the 1,100-square-foot , four bedroom apartment because it was rent stabilized . she had lived there for 37 years . realtors say that dr mclean was paying thousands less than market rate for the popular neighborhood . rent stabilized apartments are hard to find below 96th street in manhattan these days . four bedroom apartments with rent that low are even harder to come by .