a gang of six men have been jailed for a total of 31 years after being convicted of a string of sexual offences against teenager girls . the offences , which ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child , to rape , happened in cars , woods or at the defendants ' homes in banbury , oxfordshire . oxford crown court heard how they lured victims to parties organised on social media and then began sexually abusing them . the men were found guilty in march and have now been handed sentences of between three and nine years in jail . jailed : ahmed hassan-sule , 21 ( left ) was sentenced to nine years ' imprisonment . mohamed saleh , 22 , ( right ) was imprisoned for four years and nine months . the girls , aged between 13 and 16 , were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by ahmed hassan-sule , 21 , known as ' fiddy ' . one child described the parties as ' a place where girls would go and the boys would choose their targets ' . the victims , who were described in court as ' emotionally immature ' were abused from 2009 to 2014 . sentencing hassan-sule and the others in a court packed with friends and relatives of the defendants and victims yesterday , judge zoe smith said : ' you put on charity events to raise money for your football club . ' this raised your profile among young people in banbury and you saw yourself as a celebrity . ' your friends helped put on these events and you became a sexually promiscuous group , not with your own girlfriends , but with girls who were young , vulnerable and lacking in maturity . ' the judge rejected the argument put forward by the defence , who accused the girls of coming forward because ' it 's better to be a victim than a slag ' . behind bars : kagiso manase , 26 , ( left ) was jailed for four years and said saleh , 20 , ( right ) was sentenced to four years ' detention in a young offenders institute . one of the victims told the oxford mail : ' when i used to go missing i would swear at my mum and i did n't realise i was being really nasty to her . the men put me against my family – it was really clever . when i started hanging around with them i felt important . ' i had no friends and they were the only people left to talk to . it was a big part of my life and i was scared . i felt like all my friends were making new memories and i was n't part of them . ' calling people `` slags '' as the defence did in this case stops other girls from coming forward . i would say to other girls to think about the future . i never wanted to do it . i never wanted to have sex with them but i thought that 's what friends did . ' thames valley police launched operation reportage after receiving a tip-off about the men 's activities and eventually tracked down numerous teenager girls who had been molested . detective inspector steve raffield from banbury force cid said : ' this result would not have been possible without the bravery of the victims . ' i would like to thank them for coming forward and giving evidence in this case . as in all trials without their testimony we would not be where we are today . ' as a result young people will be safeguarded while these men will have time to reflect upon their actions in prison . ' convicted : takudzwa hova , 21 , ( left ) was sentenced to six years ' imprisonment , while zsolt szalontai , 18 , ( right ) was sentenced to three years ' detention in a young offenders ' institute after being found guilty of rape . justice : the judge rejected the argument put forward by the defence at oxford crown court ( pictured ) , who accused the girls of coming forward because ' it 's better to be a victim than a slag ' . those jailed on friday afternoon at oxford crown court were : ahmed hassan-sule , 21 , of banbury , who was found guilty of 13 counts of sexual activity with a child and one count of assault by penetration . he was sentenced to nine years ' imprisonment . mohamed saleh , 22 , of banbury , was found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child . he was sentenced to four years and nine months ' imprisonment . said saleh , 20 , from banbury , was found guilty of one count of sexual activity with a child . he was sentenced to four years ' detention in a young offenders institute . takudzwa hova , 21 , of banbury , was found guilty of one count of sexual activity with a child , two counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and one count of rape . he was sentenced to six years ' imprisonment . kagiso manase , 26 , of banbury , was found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child , two counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and one count of sexual assault . he was sentenced to four years ' imprisonment . manase had also pleaded guilty to possession of identity documents with intent . the offence related to being found in possession or control of a false south african passport and uk residence permit . he was sentenced to one year imprisonment to run consecutively . zsolt szalontai , 18 , of banbury , was found guilty of one count of rape . he was sentenced to three years ' detention in a young offenders ' institute .