hillary clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the white house : the nation 's largest lesbian political action committee . the group , lpac , launched lesbians4hillary on monday to support the former first lady 's bid to become the nation 's first female president . lesbians4hillary , co-chaired by pioneering tennis great billie jean king , said : ' hillary clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the lgbtq community . scroll down for video . tennis star billie jean king ( right ) is co-chairing the lesbians4hillary campaign . king , pictured with clinton in 2008 , helped run the former fiirst lady 's 2008 women for hillary clinton wing . king , pictured with clinton in 2001 , said : ' hillary clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the lgbtq community ' . ' her entire career has been a road map to get her to this moment and she has earned my respect and my vote to become the next president of the united states of america . i am honored to join lpac and help lead our effort to elect hillary clinton in 2016 . ' king , who was outed as a lesbian in 1981 , was a leader of the group ' women for hillary ' in 2008 , as well . the video in which hillary announced she was running for president included a clip of a lesbian couple . the twitter handle for the new group is @ lezs4hillary . many gays and lesbians point to clinton 's 2011 speech in switzerland as secretary of state in which she declared : ' human rights are gay rights and gay rights are human rights . ' in the video released yesterday announcing clinton 's candidacy for president , two gay couples were included . among them , two lesbians who look lovingly into each other 's eyes . however , in her 2008 campaign , clinton did not support gay marriage . it took her five years - to publicly say that she supported gay marriage . president barack obama publicly announced his support for gay marriage nearly a year earlier in march 2012 . the economist called clinton 's stance on gay marriage , ' cautious to the point of cowardice . ' ' it is not convincing to argue , as her supporters do , that she is only free to make her views known now that she has stepped down as america 's chief diplomat . her successor at the state department , john kerry , and has not been stoned as a blasphemer on any of his stops around the world to date , ' the magazine 's us columnist wrote . critics also point out that as first lady , she did not oppose her husband signing ' do n't ask do n't tell , ' which banned being openly gay in the military or the defense of marriage act , which banned gay marriage at the federal level . 