a british photographer has captured incredible solar images from an observatory he built in his back garden . retired engineer , dave tyler captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun 's surface during its solar maximum - when the star is at its most active during its 11 year cycle . the amateur snapper is able to capture a wide variety of phenomena from his own home near high wycombe , including sunspots , solar prominences , coronal loops and solar flares . scroll down for video . one for the album : a streak of burning gas leaves the sun in this photo by dave tyler in his back garden . the 72-year-old designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system . tyler first became interested in astronomy after seeing the first episode of the bbc 's sky at night in 1957 . he said : ' i had always had a casual interest in astronomy ever since the first sky at night . ' however , more than a decade later a friend gave me an old ross 3 inch refractor which i cobbled onto a camera tripod . here comes the sun : a magnificent picture of the star which dominates our solar system from december 2014 . ' with this simple device i was able to look at saturn , which left me truly amazed . ' like many other amateurs who have had the same experience , i was instantly launched into a life long passion with the subject . ' i am now very aware of my position in the solar system . the sun is awesome and many people do not even realise it is a star . through my scopes it is an amazing sight . ' the sun photographed during its solar maximum which is its most active period during its 11 year cycle . a sunspot captured during the sun 's solar maximum by backyard observer dave tyler in february . david tyler and the equipment he uses to take pictures of the sun in high wycombe , buckinghamshire . a solar war rages on the sun 's surface during its solar maximum on january 15 , 2015 . a prominence rising from the sun photographed by dave tyler who built his own observatory in his garden . a sun spot is pictured in this photograph taken in march by mr tyler . solar power : a fiery battle rages on the sun 's surface on september 2 , 2014 . an plane flying through the night sky against the backdrop of the sun which has a visible sun spot . a large sunspot visible on the star 's surface during its solar maximum in september 2014 . the 72-year-old designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system . a view of the dome in david tyler 's garden , containing the equipment used to take pictures of the sun . 