not one but two fast food eateries have announced major menu shake-ups , both in an apparent attempt to attract a new sort of crowd . burger king , which has launched its summer menu , has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie , while pret a manger has gone the whole hog and started serving sit-down dinners with wine . the british sandwich chain 's new concept is called ' good evenings ' , and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night , but only ( for now ) at its branch on the strand in london . wining and dining : pret a manger 's new concept ( pictured ) is called ' good evenings ' , and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night , but only ( for now ) at its branch on the strand in london . pret a manger , which up until now has been solely a breakfast and lunch operation , allows customers to order at the tills but be served at tables decked out in smart crockery and silverware . diners can enjoy their meals along with a selection of wines and craft beers as atmospheric jazz wafts from the speakers . chef nick sandler told the evening standard : ‘ if [ customers ] come in and say “we’re in a real hurry we’ve only got 20 minutes” because they are going to the theatre we tell them they’ve got plenty of time to order , sit down and have their meal . ‘ but equally if someone’s got a bit longer to have a glass of wine and spend an hour with us that’s fine as well , we’re pretty relaxed about it . ' newcomers : burger king , which just launched its summer menu , has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie ( right ) . grub : burger king 's new party in the park menu consists of three new burgers , the mushroom swiss steakhouse , the pulled pork bbq whopper and the ciabatta chicken tendercrisp ( pictured ) . evening dishes , which largely feature on pret 's lunch menu anyway , include spicy meatballs , flat breads and dips , and baked falafel , as well as korean bbq pulled pork and mac ‘n’ cheese . burger king 's new party in the park menu consists of three new burgers : the mushroom swiss steakhouse , the pulled pork bbq whopper and the ciabatta chicken tendercrisp . alongside its new chicken fries - essentially chip-shaped fried chicken - the fast-food joint is serving three new frozen drinks : the frozen lemon limeade , the frozen cherry berry lemonade and the aforementioned pina colada smoothie - which is alcohol-free . it comes shortly after nando 's announced its most extensive menu update yet , with new options including its quinoa salad , a ' fino coleslaw ' made from beetroot , carrot and spiced yogurt dressing , and a portuguese-inspired churrasco thigh burger . nando 's also recently announced its most extensive menu update yet , with new options including a quinoa salad ( bottom right ) , a ' fino coleslaw ' ( top right ) and a portuguese-inspired churrasco thigh burger ( top left ) . pret is now in good company with its lead competitor , starbucks , who in february announced the launch of its yet-to-materialize dinner menu . starbucks evenings , as it has been coined , will offer a range of hot and cold meals as well as wines and beers to customers , to be served from 4pm . stansted airport in essex will be the first uk location to offer the evening menu , with plans to expand the programme to additional stores . starbucks uk will also be launching an evening menu , offering ten types of wine plus hot and cold small plates . options will include somerset brie , cheddar and blue stilton cheese platter with oat cakes and aromatic plum chutney ( pictured ) . starbucks ' announcement - and no doubt now pret 's - did cause a bit of a stir with certain alcohol-related charities , who expressed concern that such a large firm is licensing some premises . emily robinson , of alcohol concern , said : ‘ we hope starbucks will take their responsibility as an alcohol retailer very seriously by ensuring the training of staff and under-age checks are adequate , and that responsible drinking is encouraged . 'it’s a bit disappointing to see another establishment now selling booze which will limit those customers who are in recovery or just wanting an alcohol-free environment . ’