an oregon teenager was arrested after allegedly hitting a pedestrian with her car and fleeing the scene . miranda ashley calvin , 19 , was arrested by gresham police on sunday afternoon . police were called to a gresham road at about 8.30pm on saturday night where they found 49-year-old jerrie ann hornig dead when they arrived . miranda ashley calvin , 19 , of gresham , oregon , was arrested on sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a woman with her car and fleeing the scene . the woman calvin allegedly hit was 49-year-old jerrie ann horning . when police arrived at the scene at about 8.30pm on saturday night , she was found dead . a white mercedes benz had been spotted fleeing the scene and was later seen by a person who was listening to a police scanner , which led to calvin 's arrest , according to oregon live . gresham police said that tips from the public helped lead to the teenager 's arrest , who was found by police at a marriott hotel in clackamas . calvin was arrested and booked into multnomah county detention center on manslaughter , felony hit-and-run and reckless driving . her arraignment hearing will be later this week . hornig 's son maxwell horning posted a status on facebook remembering his mother after the incident . horning , pictured here with her son maxwell horning , was a pedestrian when she was hit by a car on saturday night . ' i got the worst new of my life at 1am last night , ' he said . ' my mom was hit and killed by a hit and run driver . ' he wrote that it still feels ' unreal like being trapped in a bad dream you ca n't escape from but she is in a better place enjoying her new life with old friends and family ' . he said he missed his mother ' so much already ' and that he ' loved her so much ' , calling himself her ' number 1 son ' . he then posted a picture of his mother from when she was in high school in 1983 . she appears to be wearing a cheer leading uniform . gresham police said that anyone with information about the hit-and-run should call the tip line at ( 503 ) 618-2719 , where callers can remain anonymous if they wish . horning 's son maxwell horning posted this photo of his mother ( pictured right in a cheer uniform ) from 1983 , along with a tribute to her saying he missed her ' so much already ' and that he was her ' number 1 son ' .