ear biter : kate temple was jailed for 20 months after she admitted inflicting grievous bodily harm . a hairdresser who ripped another woman 's ear off with her teeth during an argument at a hog roast party has been jailed . kate temple was called a ' homewrecker ' by victim shelley williams who accused her of having an affair with her partner . durham crown court heard how when temple and her sister louise scollen went to leave the charity event at dawdon cricket club in seaham , county durham the victim threw a drink over her . the three women got into a scuffle and temple left the victim covered in blood after biting a chunk out of her ear . the 33-year-old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink from the bar where she was refused . police found the missing portion of miss williams ' ear the following day . shaun dryden , prosecuting , said : ' shelley williams believed that kate temple the defendant had been having some sort of relationship or affair with her partner . ' miss williams had found text messages on her partner 's mobile phone earlier in the year . ' she recalls being in close proximity with the defendant and her sister . the next thing she can recall is being upset and covered in blood . ' the defendant and her sister approached the bar and she seems to have tried to buy another drink . ' by this time it became apparent the victim had a large portion of her left ear bitten off . ' kate temple and her sister were refused service . they left the marquee and went home . ' mr dryden told the court how the victim has had to attend a number of hospital appointments and have reconstructive surgery on her ear . when the victim visited the hospital the following day the police became involved and temple handed herself in to the police station . temple initially told police she was not the person who bit the victim . she agreed to have a dental impression taken by police but later refused claiming she was acting on legal advice . the 33-year-old ( pictured left ) carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink from the bar . she and her sister louise scollen had got into a scuffle with shelley williams , who had part of her ear bitten off . dawdon cricket club in seaham , county durham , where the incident happened . a marquee had been erected at the club for a charity hog roast event . police found the missing portion of miss williams ' ear the next day . in a victim impact statement read to the court by mr dryden , miss williams said : ' i have become very self conscious and it has affected my confidence . ' i struggle to leave the house as i feel everyone is looking at me . i went out for a family meal and a male said to me are you the one who had your ear bitten off . i was embarrassed by this male 's comments . ' i booked a holiday and i was due to fly ten days after the assault took place . i was advised on medical grounds not to go because of risk of infection . i paid £1,500 for the holiday and as i did n't want to let my children down i paid another £400 for my parents to go with them . ' i have had to take a considerable amount of time off work . working in a call centre i am unable to use my head set equipment . ' i am living in close proximity to kate temple and i regularly feel worried and start to panic . on one occasion i was with my daughter who said : `` do n't worry mam i close my eyes . '' sometimes when i wake up i get a severe shooting pain in my ear . ' i am ashamed to admit i sleep with a hockey stick under my bed . i feel really anxious and i have noticed i drink more because of it . ' i have spoken to the surgeon who has now told me he wo n't touch the ear because of how it had heeled . ' it 's something i will have as a permanent reminder of what has happened . ' when the prosecution could not prove who had carried out the attack both temple and scollen were charged and ordered to face trial . but temple admitted inflicting grievous bodily harm and all charges were dropped against scollen . temple of st johns terrace , seaham , pleaded guilty to inflicting gbh in the early hours of july 21 2013 . bob spragg , defending , told the court how the victim had ' simply got the wrong end of the stick ' . he said : ' miss williams had previously accused the defendant of inappropriate contact with her former partner when he went around to her house . ' this was entirely without foundation and streamed from the defendant being nice to her partner . ' the defendant 's partner had gone to her house looking for some kind of comfort from her . ' kate temple was not prepared to let him in the house even though he was saying let 's have a kiss and so forth . she was not at all interested in that taking place . ' shelley williams has seen the messages and got the wrong end of the stick which started this whole vendetta against her . it 's ironic really that all of this started by her being a good friend to a man she has known since she was a child . ' in her own words her life has fallen apart . she 's made decisions whilst in the depths of despair which she bitterly regrets and she will have to live with them consequences forever . ' she 's clearly a low risk of ever being in trouble again . an immediate term of imprisonment would crush the defendant . ' judge simon hickey told temple : ' she has been left feeling frightened and she has a permanent disability . she lost her confidence , she 's had her career affected and her home life with her children has been affected . ' you admit in a letter to me you had her partner inside your house and had been kissing and cuddling him but no more . ' you do of course have a completely different character outside of this event . you have no previous convictions . this is a single bite . ' there is of course remorse although i take that as limited given the late plea and lack of cooperation during the case . ' you must have known what you had done on this night and you must have known what injury you had caused . ' it 's a significant injury and it 's caused by a weapon - teeth . ' i ca n't draw back from immediate sentence leaving someone disabled in this way . ' judge hickey sentenced temple to 20 months in prison . he told her : ' that is the lowest sentence i can pass given my public duty . '