by the time cesc fabregas was replaced in the final minute , the mask had gone and the jeers had melted into applause . the appreciative majority overwhelmed the vocal minority to offer a tribute to the phantom of the emirates , one of the finest creative midfielders to have worn an arsenal shirt in the modern era . it’s true they had booed his every touch and perhaps the loudest cheer of the game followed his yellow card for a dive but for arsenal it is time to stop being haunted by those they have lost or failed to sign and support those they have . cesc fabregas was booed by large portions of the arsenal supporters upon his return to the emirates . fabregas was cheered - albeit sarcastically - by the same set of fans when he was booked for diving . however when the chelsea midfielder was substituted in the dying moments he was given an applause . hull ( away ) - may 4 . swansea ( home ) - may 11 . man united ( away ) - may 17 . sunderland ( home ) may 20 . west brom ( home ) - may 24 . there have been genuine signs of promise in n5 and reasons for optimism in 2015 , even if arsene wenger was unable to add what would have been a significant other by ending his winless run against jose mourinho . it is 13 games and counting , and while the arsenal boss insists it matters not a jot , it is much to mourinho’s amusement . ‘it’s about our club and our team , not about me , ’ said wenger . ‘ we wanted to win the game for the club . what is important is what happens on the football pitch . arsenal are third in the premier league , level on points with manchester city but with a game in hand . ‘ we want to finish the season well . every game is difficult but we need to keep the focus until the end of the season . we want to secure the top four , then the top three and the top two , before the fa cup final . ’ to finish as runners-up , for the first time in a decade , and successfully defend the fa cup , can be framed as progress . more significant is the development of hector bellerin , francis coquelin and nacho monreal . together with a philosophical tweak , it has made arsenal a more solid defensive unit , capable of taking points from manchester city and chelsea and winning at manchester united in the fa cup . coquelin and monreal were both ready to make smart fouls at the expense of yellow cards to stop the visitors as they sought to counter quickly . this is not a typical arsenal trait . bellerin has been outstanding and few have contained eden hazard this season as effectively as the teenager did on sunday , but arsenal need more defensive protection and plan to prioritise a defensive midfielder and a new goalkeeper in the summer . ‘ we have closed the gap since the start of the season , ’ said wenger . ‘ but what happened is that they had the experience at the back and could close the game down . ‘ the build-up was quick and sharp but the final ball wasn’t there . ’ with five to play , arsenal trail the champions-elect by 10 points and must concentrate on catching chelsea in the knowledge their rivals from the capital’s west will strengthen again in the summer . amid the progress , there remain reasons for concern . despite the flair overload of mesut ozil , alexis sanchez and santi cazorla , they could not break down a mourinho team determined to protect their clean sheet . spanish defender hector bellerin ( left ) has come on leaps and bounds for the gunners this season . francis coquelin of arsenal evades fabregas of chelsea during the 0-0 draw at emirates stadium on sunday . ozil had glimpses of goal , but branislav ivanovic did to sanchez what bellerin did to hazard . chelsea finished the game with a midfield trio of nemanja matic , kurt zouma and ramires , which together with their usually resolute back four amounted to a seven-man defensive shield . in the sky sports studio , arsenal legend thierry henry questioned the quality of 18-goal striker olivier giroud . ‘ wenger has to strengthen , ’ said henry . ‘ in order to win the league you need great players . i don’t think you can win the league with giroud . nacho monreal ( left ) is among the gunners players who have impressed recently and did so against chelsea . ‘ chelsea struggled last year but they went out to buy ( thibaut ) courtois , cesc , matic and ( diego ) costa . you see today the difference between a team that did and a team that didn’t strengthen . arsenal still need four top players . ’ those four would be straight down the spine of the team . imagine arsenal if you threaded courtois , john terry , matic and costa through the centre of their fast and fluent side . arsenal do not long for a fabregas . they have players who can offer his vision and passing range . perhaps the supporters who applauded him from the pitch have come to accept this . thierry henry said arsenal will not win the premier league if they do not buy another striker . but chelsea do have individuals who would offer extra physical presence and match-winning know-how which would provide a platform for those like ozil , sanchez and cazorla to deliver . henry must realise this is not the wenger way but time for nurturing is running out . the arsenal manager has two more years on what could be his final contract . if he is to close the gap , catch chelsea next season and end this hoodoo against mourinho , then it must be done in the summer transfer market . 