a hilarious note left by a chip shop owner for his customers when he went on holiday with his wife has gone viral . the letter was spotted by twitter user plattsieplatts who posted it to her social media account writing : ' so this is the notice i saw today in the window of our local fish and chip shop . i kid thee not . ' in the note , which was in the window of an undisclosed chippy in london , the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family . this is the hilarious note which was left in a chip shop window was circulated on twitter this week , in it the owner of the chip shop laments the fact that he was going youth hosteling . in black pen he writes : ' this shop will be closed for 1 week . re-open on mon 16th march . ' this year my wife has decided to take us all youth hosteling , i told her at her age she would be better off with saga . ' we are taking two of our children . 1 daughter in law , plus 1 grandson . no internet , mobile phones , playstations etc . ' personally i think we will all be bored to tears . she who must be obeyed says we will have a great time telling tales round the campfire etc . fish and chips is a traditional british dish often enjoyed with tomato ketchup and mushy peas . he ended the note by saying : ' i would rather be here with beer + tv . ca n't wait to be home to see you soon . sorry for any inconvenience . ' the note , which was written on two a4 pieces of paper and stuck to the window , was posted around a month ago but was circulated on twitter this week . this is n't the first time a hilarious note has been spotted in a store window . recently an eagle-eyed woman in north london spotted an add in a newsagents from a man looking for a lover . in the post , which has gone viral after being photographed and put online , the man sets out his requirements and offers ' a way of life with quality ' . john posted his advert , which is written in capital letters in black pen , in the window of his local newsagents in muswell hill . it reads : ' john looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover for a craft that will change your life and bring you a way of life with quality . it then details a phone number and says : ' contact ... or call me for interview must be female between 30yrs - 40yrs . ' unfortunately for prospective lovers , john did not specify precisely what the ' craft ' referred to was .  