candice swanepoel has appeared in max factor 's latest beauty campaign as none other than silver screen legend marilyn monroe . the 26-year-old south african bombshell oozes old hollywood glamour in the series of shots , which see her don a platinum blonde wig , a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick . max factor , which celebrates its 80th anniversary this year , is the brand widely accredited for transforming monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935 , and delivering her with the iconic look showcased by candice today . scroll down for video . bombshell : candice swanepoel has appeared in max factor 's latest beauty campaign as none other than silver screen legend marilyn monroe . ' adored for her impeccably glamorous beauty and her striking ruby red pout , marilyn always completed her look with dark lined eyes that were framed with thick and volumised lashes , ' states max factor 's creative director pat mcgrath . ' this was a look she wore consistently throughout the 1950s and 1960s . it’s a timeless beauty look that evokes a sense of eternal glamour and style , no matter the occasion . ' using candice as her muse , ms mcgrath - who was recently awarded an mbe for her services to the fashion - recreated the look with one of monroe 's signature lipstick shades , ruby tuesday . candice gave fans a sneak peek of her dramatic look back in january when she shared an instagram snap of herself on the shoot . the 26-year-old south african bombshell oozes old hollywood glamour in the series of shots , which see her don a platinum blonde wig , a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick . max factor is the brand widely accredited for transforming monroe from a mousey brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935 , and delivering her with the iconic look showcased by candice today . ' adored for her impeccably glamorous beauty and her striking ruby red pout , marilyn ( right ) always completed her look with dark lined eyes that were framed with thick and volumised lashes , ' states max factor . the brand continued , ' this was a look she wore consistently throughout the 1950s and 1960s . it’s a timeless beauty look that evokes a sense of eternal glamour and style , no matter the occasion ' . on the instagram snaps posted on her profile page , she wrote : ‘ through my work with @ maxfactor i 'm lucky to be able to transform through make-up . ' here @ patmcgrathreal and @ shayashual transformed me into marilyn . ’ she continued by encouraging her fans to be more ‘adventurous’ with their own cosmetics . she added : ‘ fact is mr max factor was originally responsible for making norma jean into marilyn all those years ago ... ' it 's the perfect time of year to give yourself a dramatic new look or be more adventurous with your makeup . # glamjan # maxfactor . ' candice gave fans a sneak peek of her dramatic look back in january when she shared an instagram snap of herself on the shoot . recent snap : candice may radiate confidence these days , but it was n't always so . in a recent interview with maxim , the lingerie model admitted it had taken her quite some time to feel comfortable in her skin . ' i had to get over a lot of shyness to do this job , ' said the model , pictured at the 2014 victoria 's secret fashion show in london . candice may radiate confidence these days , but it was n't always so . in a recent interview with maxim , the lingerie model admitted it had taken her quite some time to feel comfortable in her skin . she said : ' i look at myself in the third person , because that girl in the pictures isn’t me : it’s a girl i created to cope with the spotlight . i had to get over a lot of shyness to do this job . ' candice , who has been working almost non-stop since was discovered at the age of 15 , said she had to grow up fast . ' in one way i feel much older , because i’ve had to deal with a lot more responsibility and a career and money at an early age , ' she said . ' but at the same time , there’s still a 15-year-old girl in me , one who doesn’t even have a driver 's license . '