alarming footage has surfaced of a crowd of street racers threatening the police officers who rescued their friends from a serious crash . captured at a known hoon hotspot in yatala on the gold coast , the body cam vision shows the officers saving several victims from inside a flipped holden commodore despite the threat of smouldering flames on the car . a 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on saturday night in an intense police chase that left one passenger with a broken neck . officers can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics to transport the injured victims to hospital , according to 9 news . police rescue victims from a flipped holden commodore after a dramatic police chase over the weekend that ended in a serious crash . one woman claiming to be a passenger in the car desperately pleads with police to save her boyfriend , who is trapped inside . ‘ get my boyfriend out ! ’ ‘we’ve got the ambulance coming ok ? ' the officer says . ‘ just stay with us . ' but rather than gratitude , some friends of the injured can later be heard threatening police . ' take off your badge , let 's go , come on ' says a shirtless man who appears to be in in his 20s as his friends struggle to hold him back . a 19-year-old was hospitalised with a broken neck , along with the driver , 20 , and another 17-year-old passenger , both of whom suffered bruising and shock . the vision was captured at a known hoon-hotspot in yatala on the gold coast , where police were alerted after spotting a driver doing burnouts . rather than gratitude , this young man can be heard threatening the very officers who rescued his friends . paramedics transport the injured victims to hospital . 19-year-old was hospitalised with a broken neck , along with the driver , 20 , and another 17-year-old passenger , both of whom suffered bruising and shock . police later discovered the vehicle was not even registered and the driver did not hold a valid licence . ' they 're there risking their own life , dousing this car with the fire extinguisher ... later to find that the car was unregistered , that the driver was disqualified and the car was unroadworthy , ' superintendent jim keogh told 9 news . ' on this occasion , certainly we were lucky to avoid someone getting killed . ' one woman claiming to be a passenger in the car desperately pleads with police to save her boyfriend , who is trapped inside . officers can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics . police allege zayne robert dalton , 20 , was doing burnouts on the main road before mounting the kerb and swerving around an officer in an effort to evade them . a police helicopter monitoring the commodore captured the vehicle running a red light , before crashing into a pole , flipping onto its roof and catching ablaze . dalton was granted bail in beenleigh magistrates court on monday . police allege the driver zayne robert dalton , 20 , was doing burnouts on the main road before mounting the kerb and swerving around an officer in an effort to evade them . he was charged with multiple offences on sunday including driving a defective , unregistered and uninsured vehicle , urinating in a public place and failing to stop for police . he was charged with multiple offences on sunday including driving a defective , unregistered and uninsured vehicle , urinating in a public place and failing to stop for police . dalton was later slapped with two more charges : dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing grievous bodily harm and unlicensed driving . these fresh charges meant he fronted court again on tuesday morning .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .