liverpool manager brendan rodgers believes recent defeats are down to his players ' own failings rather than the opposition having cracked their system . the reds ' 3-4-2-1 formation , implemented from mid-december , helped produce a 13-match unbeaten barclays premier league run which lifted them to within a win of breaking back into the champions league qualification places . but despite receiving plaudits for the quality of their football , which at times appeared to be unplayable , flaws started to appear a month ago when they were held to a goalless draw by sky bet championship side blackburn in the fa cup . brendan rodgers says his sides recent defeats are down to his players , not his tactics being susses . after scraping a win against swansea they were then exposed by manchester united and arsenal , two teams already in the top four . however , rodgers insists a drop-off in results is more to do with their own performances than those of their opponents . ' i do n't think it 's about being worked out . we did n't start well ( against arsenal ) , and it does n't matter what system you are playing if that happens , ' he said . ' in the last four games that we 've played we have n't created as much , and that 's more on ourselves . liverpool have lost ground in the race for the champions league places and will find it hard to recover . ' of course you give opponents credit but every team will go into a game to defend well and work hard against you . ' probably the blackburn game when we drew 0-0 and the games following that we have n't created as much . ' that 's something that we want to reinforce - the creativity for chances and hopefully taking those chances . ' it 's a difficult system to play against , but it 's one of a number of systems we 've played here and played very well . alexis sanchez fires home arsenal 's third goal , as the gunners thrashed liverpool at the emirates . ' it 's my job to always look to find the solutions , that 's what i 've tried to do in the games when we did n't look like scoring , finding a way to win . ' blackburn , who host liverpool in their fa cup quarter-final replay on wednesday , will take heart from the merseysiders ' mini-slump at a crucial time of the season . for rodgers and liverpool though the cup now represents the only chance to save their season and that should guarantee a reaction at ewood park . ' it 's important to have a game quickly when you lose , ' added rodgers . ' the group is very committed to winning this trophy but in order to do that you have to qualify and we know blackburn will be a difficult game for us . steven gerrard ( left ) and mario balotelli look on as rodgers give a talk to his players and staff . ' a trophy this season will mark another step forward for us . getting to a final and winning a trophy is what we want . ' in terms of the fa cup that was always an objective . ' on wednesday , we 'll look to reach our second semi-final of the season in the cup competitions ( having been narrowly beaten by chelsea over two legs ) . ' with the play-offs out of reach for rovers they will also be putting all their efforts into trying to reach a wembley last-four encounter with aston villa . jordan rhodes ( centre ) can cause liverpool 's leaky defence a number of problems in the fa cup replay . they showed enough on merseyside a month ago to suggest they can trouble the reds and , having dispatched top-flight sides swansea and stoke at ewood park , they will have no fear of liverpool 's arrival . ' blackburn have got some excellent players . they defended well when they came to anfield , ' said rodgers . ' we 'll go there really focused and determined - we ca n't wait to play again after the weekend 's disappointment . '