a young english cricket fan who wrote a letter to richie benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago has shared the australian cricket great 's response in the wake of his death . jonathan stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud 's advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on twitter on friday as a tribute to the ' great man ' . ' wrote to richie benaud when i was 16 about bowling leggies . his detailed reply says everything about the great man , ' mr stevenson , who is now a director at livewire sport , tweeted . scroll down for video . a letter from richie benaud to an english fan , jonathon stevenson , almost 20 years ago emerged on friday in the wake of the cricket legend 's death . accompanying the letter from benaud , dated september 27 , 1996 , was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers . ' your letter was timely because it was the first from a left-hander and it reminded me that there is a difference in coaching and not just in the fact that one youngster might bowl with the right hand and another with the left , ' benaud wrote . ' the ball , although coming out of the hand in the same manner and going in the same direction towards the batsmen , in fact spins differently for the two types of bowlers . ' jonathan stevenson , who now works at livewire sport , was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud 's advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on twitter as a tribute to the ' great man ' . accompanying the letter from benaud , dated september 27 , 1996 , was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers . benaud enjoyed a remarkable test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964 . he was the first player to score 2,000 test runs and take 200 test wickets . ' i hope you enjoy your cricket and your bowling , ' benaud said . ' yes , the left-arm over-the-wrist bowler who spins the ball into the right-hander from outside the off-stump is said to have bowled a chinaman . the same bowler who spins one away from the right-hander has bowled a wrong'un . ' after retiring , benaud became a commentary icon initially with the bbc in england and later in his native australia . the typed letter , dated september 27 , 1996 , was personally signed by benaud . it included tips on different deliveries and gave pointers as to how they should be delivered . in his letter to a young mr stevenson , he listed a full page of various different deliveries the teenager should try and gave pointers as to how they should be delivered . ' do n't even think about learning the ' flipper ' before you have mastered the leg-break , topspinner and wrong'un , ' he finished with . the typed letter was signed by benaud . after retiring , benaud became a commentary icon initially with the bbc in england and later in his native australia . he was the mainstay in australian cricket television commentary until the past two summers - a car accident in 2013 sidelined him before he announced in november last year that he was fighting skin cancer . the australian cricketer and commentator passed away in his sleep on thursday night in sydney after battling skin cancer . he was the mainstay in australian cricket television commentary until the past two summers . in his letter to a young mr stevenson , he listed a full page of various different deliveries the teenager should try and gave pointers as to how they should be delivered . 