the couple that models designer clothes together stays together — or at least that 's what one new york-based duo hope , having just inked a deal as the first openly gay couple with fusion models . john tuite , 22 , and carlos santolalla , 25 , go by the brangelina-like portmanteau jarlos , and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on new york city 's party scene . but while the male model it couple have starred in a campaign together for dkny and posed for big brands like edun and dsquared2 , they say it has n't always been easy for them to work in the industry and be true to themselves . model couple : carlos santolalla , 25 , left , and john tuite , 22 , right , are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency . though the fashion industry seems very accepting of gay people , the couple explains that models are still expected to appear masculine or androgynous . both john and carlos had to drop their old agencies after they were told to act straight and delete the instagram account they share , where they often post loving images of themselves kissing and hugging . ' after coming out , i didn’t want to be weird about it again and act straight at castings , ' john told the cut in december . ' the weird thing about models — something that nobody really realizes — is that they’re all straight , ' carlos recently told out magazine . growing fan base : on instagram , the couple goes by the joint nickname jarlos , and they have over 22,500 followers . facing obstacles : john and carlos were told by their previous modeling agencies to act more ' butch ' and delete their joint instagram account , where they often pose kissing and holding hands . ' there is an unspoken rule of modeling , at least in nyc — even if you get signed as an out model — the first thing any agent tells you to do is to dress butch and talk about girls so no one `` finds out '' , ' john added . in fact , when the couple first got together over three years after meeting at a casting call , it was because carlos became interested in john when he realized he might be gay — which he says was unusual . soon the pair became well-known on the new york city party scene , getting snapped with celebrities like model gigi hadid and paris hilton , djing at trendy clubs , and even curating art shows . ' we used to sneak into parties we weren’t invited to at all and try to take pictures of famous people , ' john said . ' now we’re invited and covering it and djing . ' looking good : the couple explained that though the modeling industry is filled with well-groomed , well-dressed men , most male models are straight . party hard : jarlos is well known on the new york party circuit and has been pictured with gigi hadid , paris hilton , and harry styles . the fact that the pair has become so widely known as a couple made them even more appealing to fusion models . ' we signed them as a duo because they are both models and they dj as a duo , under the name jarlos , ' fusion 's alexandra phipps told dazed . 'they’ve made a name for themselves as a team , so we decided to run with it . ' as for john and carlos , they are as excited to be making strides for gay models as they are to have signed this new deal . ' finally being represented as an openly gay man , let alone a couple , is a huge milestone for the industry , and the whole gay community , ' john said . ' we hope that this will send a message to younger generations that it 's possible to succeed without compromising who you are . '