a series of earthquakes that rattled a small texan community have been linked to nearby oil and gas operations . in 84 days from november 2013 to january 2014 , the area around azle , texas , shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes . now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground . a series of earthquakes that rattled a small texan community have been linked to nearby oil and gas operations . in this image red squares are injector locations ; pink arrows , approximate location of two large brine production wells that are located both near the faults and near reported earthquakes swarms . the oil and gas industry uses injection wells to get rid of wastewater , which can have chemicals , heavy metals , salt and radioactive material . the scientists determined this based on where and when the earthquakes happened ; computer models that track pressure changes ; and company data from nearby wells . matthew hornbach , a southern methodist university geophysicist , said the timing and location of the quakes correlates better to the drilling and injection than any other possible reason . ' there appears to be little doubt about the conclusion that the earthquakes were in fact induced , ' usgs seismologist susan hough , who was n't part of the study team , said in an email . ' there 's almost an abundance of smoking guns in this case . ' this adds to other studies that linked injecting wastewater from energy wells to a tremendous jump in earthquakes in oklahoma and southern kansas . the map shows inferred faults ( dashed ) at the top of the blenburger formation , injection wells ( red squares ) , two production wells ( api 36734045 and 36734139 ) with significant brine production near the faults ( pink arrows ) and earthquake epicentres ( coloured circles ) recorded by the temporary seismic network ( triangles ) . in these areas , there have been more than 950 magnitude 2 or higher quakes so far this year , according to the usgs . earlier today , the oklahoma geological society said it is ' very likely ' that most of the earthquakes that have shaken the state in recent years have been triggered by the subsurface injection of wastewater from oil and natural gas drilling operations . the society released a statement following an investigation into dozens of earthquakes recorded in central and north-central oklahoma . the fluid pressure in the pores and fractures of the rocks is called the ' pore pressure . ' the pore pressure acts against the weight of the rock and the forces holding the rock together . if the pore pressures are low - especially compared to the forces holding the rock together - then only the imbalance of natural in situ earth stresses will cause an occasional earthquake . if , however , pore pressures increase , then it would take less of an imbalance of in situ stresses to cause an earthquake . this type of failure is called shear failure . injecting fluids into the subsurface is one way of increasing the pore pressure and causing faults and fractures to ' fail ' more easily . earthquakes can be caused by injecting fluid into the subsurface or by extracting fluids at a rate that causes subsidence and slippage along planes of weakness in the earth . source : us department of energy . unlike other research that linked quakes to the injection of wastewater , the smu study also sees a secondary link in another part of the drilling process . massive amounts of brine taken out of the ground with the gas , said study co-author william ellsworth of the usgs . removing the saltwater changes the underground pressure . but the deep injection of the wastes still is the principle culprit , ellsworth said . azle sits atop the large underground barrett shale natural gas formation . the findings come amid heightened debate over oil and gas regulations , including efforts in some communities to ban drilling . earthquakes can be caused by injecting fluid into the subsurface or by extracting fluids at a rate that causes subsidence and slippage along planes of weakness in the earth . this infograpic shows the natural and man-made stress changes that may trigger earthquakes in azle . in texas , lawmakers are considering bills that would limit cities ' abilities to do so . ' cities across the state should be very , very worried , ' sharon wilson , an organiser based in dallas for the environmental group earthworks , said in a statement . ' it is only texas state regulators and lawmakers who are living in denial . ' the texas railroad commission , the state 's oil and gas regulator , hired its first seismologist last year to investigate potential links between quakes and fracking after azle residents asked the agency to halt oil and gas activities . the seismologist has not offered any conclusions . remi oldham , an smu geophysics graduate student , runs a cable to connect the seismometer to communications interface equipment housed in the orange metal box in willow park , texas . the interface equipment allows the transmission of the data collected by the seismometer back to smu . azle is a city located in tarrant county in texas . it sits atop the large barrett shale natural gas formation .