black boxes play a vital role in revealing what happened in the final moments of doomed flights , but not many people know what they actually look like . photographer jeffrey milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes , shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes . despite the name , the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters . scroll down for video . photographer jeffrey milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes , shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes . the boxes are often severely burned and damaged in crashes ( left ) , however some are pulled from the wreckage relatively unscathed . despite the name , the boxes are usually red ( right ) to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters . the boxes , which record flight data and conversations between pilots , are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane 's crash . mr milstein 's work saw him gain access to air safety storage facilities where data recorders end up following an accident . after disaster strikes , there is an immediate attempt to cover the black box - as seen in recent tragedies such as germanwings flight 4u 9525 . the boxes , which record flight data and conversations between pilots , are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane 's crash , as evidenced by the continuing search for malaysian airlines flight mh370 and its flight recorders in the indian ocean . photographer mr milstein , from new york , said the boxes were the only way to piece together the cause of a disaster . mr milstein 's ( pictured ) work saw him gain access to air safety storage facilities where data recorders end up following an incident . remarkable : the fascinating photographs document black boxes , and parts of boxes , that have been recovered from aircraft accidents . mr milstein said he became interested in black boxes after being asked to take photographs of one after a helicopter crash in ottawa , canada . after disaster strikes , there is an immediate attempt to cover the black box - as seen in recent tragedies such as germanwings flight 4u 9525 . black boxes have developed throughout the years , becoming stronger to ensure they survive even the most devastating impacts . ' while everyone has heard of the black box , few people have seen one . these photographs document black boxes , and parts of boxes , that have been recovered from aircraft accidents , ' he said . ' some of the earliest boxes used wire , metal foil , or continuous magnetic tape for recording . as technological instruments they are visually fascinating . ' in addition , they are emotionally charged - some crushed , some burnt - they reveal stories of the tragedies that occurred . they may contain the last words of the pilots , and the best hope of understanding and preventing future mishaps . it is hard not to look at some of them without being reminded of our vulnerability . ' mr milstein said he became interested in black boxes after being asked to take photographs of one after a helicopter crash in ottawa , canada . he said : ' when i was shooting the one from the helicopter i noticed there were some others on shelves . many very old early models or just parts . they allowed me to photograph them . they did n't know what accidents many of the old ones were from . i just photographed them as objects . older models of black boxes relied on tape and magnetic wire , eventually progressing to tape following technological advances . mr milstein carried out his research in australia as the authorities in the us would not allow him to view wreckage there . black boxes record flight data as well as conversations in the cockpit of planes , providing an insight into the final moments on board aircraft . ' when back in the us i contacted our transportation safety board ( tsb ) but they would not allow photographs . one day i read that the black box was invented in australia . so i ended up going to canberra and photographing what they had . ' only a few of the boxes had tags and i did n't try to find out where they all came from and i 'm not sure they knew about the old ones . i think a few were not from crashes . ' they told me that they often did the analysis for a large area around there , including indonesia . apparently many tsbs return black boxes to the airlines . ' there seem to be a few primary manufacturers . over the years they used magnetic wire and foil . and magnetic tape which fell into a slot in a box so it would n't get stuck on a reel . you can see that on one of the older boxes . '