a black man has come out in support of police body cameras after he was gunned down by a white officer during a traffic stop and writhed in agony on the ground saying : ' why did you shoot me sir ? ' levar jones , 36 , who has no criminal record and was on his way home from his job at a subway café , said the horror of his own shooting was brought home by the death of walter scott last week . he told daily mail online he wanted to see non-lethal methods introduced for police , new training in them , and supported bodycams for officers . mr jones was confronted by a police officer opening fire at him as he followed instructions to produce his driver 's license and was hit in the stomach . the horrifying incident was captured on the officer 's dash cam and has led to the policeman sean groubert , 31 , being fired and charged with a felony assault . scroll down for videos . aim : this is the moment south carolina state trooper sean groubert opened fire on levar jones , who was unarmed and had his back to the officer . he had stopped him over a suspected seatbelt violation . victim and accused : levar jones has no criminal record and was unarmed when he was pulled over . sean groubert has been sacked as a state trooper , and charged with felony assault over the shooting . the victim said the shooting on last september has led to serious psychological problems which had left him unable to work since and needing to see a counselor regularly to help him through the trauma . he told daily mail online : ' i was just an innocent person pulling up at a gas station . ' the officer asked for my license and i tried not to look as a threat at any minute . ' i made it obvious that i was going for my wallet and as i was going to reach for it . he started shouting at me and opened fire . ' mr jones said he had gone to the shell gas station in columbia , south carolina , the same state where mr scott was killed this month , to buy cigarettes while on his way home from work . the dash cam recorded the shooting and mr jones writhing in agony , calling the officer ' sir ' and pleading to know why he had been shot . groubert is seen in the video pulling out of the station and then suddenly putting his vehicle into reverse , turning back and driving towards mr jones ' white pick up truck which has just pulled in . the clip shows mr. jones getting out of his vehicle and on hearing the officer 's instructions to produce his license , turn and reach into his vehicle to retrieve it . groubert shouts , ' get out of the car ! ' when mr jones complies and starts to back away from the vehicle with his hands raised , groubert opens fire . four shots can be heard with the victim being hit in the hip and reeling backwards and falling to the ground as demanded by the shooter . the audio then reveals mr jones screaming and saying : ' i was just getting my license . i am sorry…sir , why was i shot ? all i did was reach for my license . i 'm coming from work . ' groubert tries to explain himself and responds : ' well , you dove head-first back into your car . then you jumped back out . i 'm telling you to get out of your car . ' the policeman is heard accusing the catering worker of a seat belt violation , but even amid his pain , he can be heard saying : ' i just pulled it off right there at the corner to pull in the gas station . ' the officer was charged with assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature , a felony which carries a penalty of up to 20 years in jail . deadly : the moment walter scott was shot repeatedly as he ran away from north charleston police officer michael slager . dashcam : the last moments of walter scott were only fully captured on camera because feidin santana , a passerby , used his cellphone to capture the shooting . this was the limted view from the officer 's dash-cam . mourning : walter scott 's mother judy arrives for his funeral , escorted to the left by a member of the us coastguard , which her son had served in . protest : rev al sharpton led a tribute at the spot where walter scott died and called for fundamental change to policing to stop more deaths . the complaint states that groubert ' did without justification unlawfully shoot levar jones which produced great bodily injury or was likely to cause great bodily injury . ' audio and visual recordings , as well as written statements , obtained are further evidence to indicate the shooting incident was without justification . ' mr jones added : ' i could have been killed too . i was shot for nothing and even as i was on the ground wounded the officer asked for my id . ' at the hospital they chained me with both arms to a bed for five hours and released me on my own and i had to use cotton wool to tend the wounds . ' it was an awful experience . i am lucky to be alive . i did n't do anything but go for my license as i told him . he just shot at me . ' but this police brutality has to be stopped . i am not surprised that walter scott got shot . this type of incident has been going on for too long and there could be others.. . ' i have come to charleston to pay my own respects and to support the campaign for body cams . ' i am here to support and help other victims of police brutality because i am the survivor . ' south carolina police chiefs , in the light of walter scott 's death , have announced that all patrol officers will be fitted with body cameras and mr jones called for the same policy to be followed around the us . ' these would lead to a better relationship between police and communities as inter action would be on record . ' dash cams ca n't record everything because sometimes things happens out of the view of the vehicle like in the case of walter scott . luckily mr santana was there with his mobile phone . ' the police in the us are too trigger happy . i am told , they practice shooting around 3 or 5 times a week and that makes them reach for their guns too easily . ' when they are at an incident , their minds and their hands are already thinking about the gun on their belts . facing life : michael slager , with his wife jamie , who is eight and a half months pregnant . he faces a life sentence if found guilty of murder and has been sacked from his force . ' they are trained to use deadly force and that is wrong sometimes . there needs to be better training and practices . ' i have done my research and i spoke to friends in london who say the police largely do n't have guns but when they do they rarely shoot and get target shooting maybe once a week . ' the body cams on officers in london must be a great help to both the police and the public . that would be the same here . ' body cameras go hand in hand with the dash cams which are very useful in high speed pursuits . but once the officer exits that frame , it is no longer useful . body cams are vital . ' but i would say officers must use tazers first or pepper sprays . but there is a training problem in this country . our officers are trained to shoot to kill . ' he said there was a misconception that only black males were targets and had researched cases where white unarmed men had been shot by police too . ' we just need big changes in america and that time is right now . please show everybody the video of me being shot because that is the reality of what is going on in america today . ' i ca n't watch it myself though . it is too painful for me . but that video plays in my head all the time . ' the officer who shot him is on bail until the case against him concludes in the summer . mr. jones added : ' i await my day in court because the details are yet to come out over what officer groper did . ' the officer went too far on me . but i ca n't be judge and jury against him . ' i feel sorry for the scott family , because they will also have more questions than answers right now . ' 