it 's that time of the season when premier league footballers cast their vote for the pfa players’ player of the year . last year’s winner luis suarez now resides in spain , so , too , does 2013 victor gareth bale . it means we’re almost certain to see a new name on the trophy come may . here , sportsmail runs you through the six leading contenders… . name : harry kane . club : tottenham . age : 21 . stats : apps 44 , goals 29 . striker harry kane has hit an astonishing 29 goals in 44 games for tottenham so far this season . kane ( second right ) has twice been named player of the month during his breakthrough campaign . kane ( left ) broke into the england squad and scored 79 seconds into his debut against lithuania . reasons he deserves it : very few would have predicted kane would plunder an incredible 29 goals by early april in what is essentially his breakthrough season . his has been the name on everyone’s lips since the turn of the year and last month’s england call-up was thoroughly deserved . in an age where diving , spitting , lying and cheating too often dominate our news agenda , kane’s goal-laden arrival has been a joy to witness . reasons he doesn’t : are there any ? you could argue it took him until november to score two premier league goals but that was as much to do with a lack of opportunities . previous ( individual ) premier league honours : player of the month ( 2 ) . name : eden hazard . club : chelsea . age : 24 . stats : apps 44 , goals 17 . eden hazard has been chelsea 's outstanding performer , scoring 17 times in 44 games . hazard ( left ) has been a menace to opponents all season with his trickery and high workrate . hazard ( centre ) is the odds-on favourite to be named pfa players ' player of the year . reasons he deserves it : he’s running back into form at just the right time and his goals look like they’ll edge chelsea towards the title . hazard , under the instruction of jose mourinho , has married graft to his craft and has been his side’s outstanding player this season . the fact he works so hard in addition to his creativity is sure to earn the respect of fellow pros and it’s no surprise he is the odds-on favourite for the prize . reasons he doesn’t : like kane , it is hard to make an argument against a player who has performed at such a high level on a consistent basis . it did , however , take the belgian a little while to find his scoring stride and he netted just once in the opening nine matches of the campaign . previous honours : pfa young player of the year 2014 , pfa team of the year 2013 & 2014 . name : diego costa . club : chelsea . age : 26 . stats : apps 30 , goals 18 . reasons he deserves it : his immediate impact was sensational , smashing seven goals in his first four outings . his presence as the spearhead of chelsea’s attack has turned them into title winners and he isn’t afraid to put in a shift either . diego costa has spearheaded chelsea 's attack this season , with 18 goals in 30 appearances . costa ( right ) fires in the winner for chelsea in their 2-1 victory over liverpool at anfield . costa 's bid to become player of the year could be hampered by the games he has missed through injury . reasons he doesn’t : he’s missed too many games because of injury , as well as suspension , and is too often on our back pages for the wrong reasons . it is that edge which will probably dissuade fellow pros from voting for the spaniard . previous honours : player of the month ( 1 ) . name : sergio aguero . club : manchester city . age : 26 . stats : apps 31 , goals 23 . reasons he deserves it : without his goals city’s title challenge would have faded long ago . it has been a poor season at the etihad . aguero , though , has managed to mask those shortcomings with his brilliance . his four goals against spurs and match-winning treble versus bayern munich are among the best individual performances of the season . meanwhile , he was so devastating during his two-goal show at sunderland that the home crowd rose to applaud the argentine when he made way late on . sergio aguero has again been in prolific scoring form for manchester city , blasting 23 goals in 31 matches . aguero ( right ) has struggled with fitness and has only managed to score three times in the league in 2015 . reasons he doesn’t : if aguero managed to avoid what are all-too-frequent visits to the treatment room then city might be pushing chelsea harder for the league title . he only has three league goals in 2015 and , while his numbers remain impressive , that lack of consistency will cost him votes . previous honours : player of the month ( 2 ) . name : david de gea . club : manchester united . age : 24 . stats : apps 37 , clean sheets 13 . david de gea ( left ) has been outstanding for manchester united with 13 clean sheets this season . de gea shone for united in the early part of the premier league campaign when united struggled for form . de gea 's displays have been integral to united 's top-four charge and he has been their best player . reasons he deserves it : only de gea was spared criticism as united struggled to find their rhythm during the early part of the season . indeed , there was an argument that , without his points-saving heroics , louis van gaal might have come under pressure far sooner . he has matured into the goalkeeper sir alex ferguson thought he would and it is little wonder he is now being courted by the likes of real madrid . reasons he doesn’t : only the goalkeeper in a title-winning side would land the pfa prize , you feel . for while de gea has been united’s best player , he has not single-handedly done enough to turn them into challengers for the premier league crown . previous honours : pfa team of the year 2013 . name : alexis sanchez . club : arsenal . age : 26 . stats : apps 43 , goals 20 . alexis sanchez hit the ground running at arsenal following his barcelona switch , with 20 goals in 43 games . sanchez hit 14 goals in 18 appearances during his most relentless scoring period this season . chile international sanchez has added greater aggression to arsenal 's attacking line with his arrival . reasons he deserves it : there was a suspicion it would take the chilean time to settle in the premier league . well , he didn’t score in his first four matches but then embarked on a run which yielded 14 in 18 . his energy , aggression and will to win – coupled with bags of quality – has made all to the difference to an arsenal side previously lacking in such vigour . reasons he doesn’t : his goals have dried up since january and his awesome autumn could well be forgotten by the time votes are cast . however , he is still a certainty for arsenal’s individual annual honours . previous honours : player of the month ( 1 ) . name : jordan henderson . club : liverpool . age : 24 . stats : apps 45 , goals 7 . reasons he deserves it : he has emerged as liverpool’s future captain having taken on responsibility in the centre of the park . henderson barely misses a minute and is now a certain starter for his country – not bad for a player who sir alex ferguson said could not run properly . he’s also added goals to his game and is a real pro’s pro – it would be no surprise to see him land his fair share of the votes . jordan henderson ( centre ) has continued his development into an essential player for liverpool this season . henderson emerged as liverpool 's future captain with steven gerrard ( right ) leaving at the end of the season . henderson has added more goals to his game and has been ever present throughout liverpool 's campaign . reasons he doesn’t : it hasn’t been a vintage year for liverpool and their bid for champions league football looks set to end in failure . as good as henderson has been , this will almost certainly cost him the top prize . previous honours : none . verdict : if the bookies are to be believed then the award will be going to last season’s young player of the year , eden hazard . however , don’t underestimate the amount of goodwill there is towards harry kane within the game and he could well clean up with both the young and senior prizes . and that roy of the rovers tale would be a victory for everything we love about the game . kane certainly gets my vote ! 