the owner of an indiana pizza restaurant who was forced to close shop after she told a local news reporter that her establishment would not cater a gay wedding reaffirmed her beliefs in an interview on saturday . crystal o'connor , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , said that she stands by her statement , and that she does not hate gay people - she just does not support gay marriage . she then responded to the now staggering $ 850,000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying ; ' god has blessed us for standing up for what we believe , and not denying him . ' scroll down video . crystal o'connor ( above ) , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding . she has closed her store ( above ) , but said she will reopen again and $ 850,000 has been raised for the business by supporters in just two days . demonstrators gather outside the city county building on march 30 , 2015 in indianapolis , indiana . in her interview , with fox news business ' neil cavuto , o'connor also said ; ' it is not a sin that we bring gays into our establishment , and to serve them . it is a sin , though , if we condone . if we cater their wedding . ' she then added ; ' we feel we are participating , we are putting a stamp of approval on their wedding , and we can not do that . ' and despite all of her recent troubles , o'connor said she is ready to get back to work , she is just not sure when she will open . ' i am still shaken over this , and i will be the one that 's serving the customers and answering phones and i 'm not ready to face that yet , ' she explained . it was a contributor from glenn beck 's the blaze who set up the fundraising page on gofundme for the pizzeria , with a goal of helping ' the family stave off the burdensome cost of having the media parked out front , activists tearing them down , and no customers coming in . ' as of saturday afternoon , $ 850,000 had been raised in just two days . the news comes a little over a week after indiana passed the religious freedom restoration act , which allows businesses to openly discriminate against gays , and just a few days after o'connor told a local news station she would refuse to serve her pizza at a gay marriage ceremony . speaking to abc57 , crystal o'connor said : ' if a gay couple came in and wanted us to provide pizzas for their wedding , we would have to say no . ' the establishment has been in operation for nine years , and the interior is adorned with crosses and bible quotes . just outside the pizzeria , a signs states that the staff begin each morning with a prayer . ' we are a christian establishment , ' o'connor confirmed . o'connor said in a recent interview with neil cavuto ( above ) of the money raised ; ' god has blessed us for standing up for what we believe , and not denying him ' . meanwhile the ncaa has voiced their concern with indiana 's new law . on saturday , openly gay basketball star jason collins and openly gay division i star derrick gordon from the university of massachusetts showed up to watch the games during the march madness tournament at indianapolis 's lucas oil stadium . both men have expressed how upset they were with the new law , and how happy they were with the ncaa 's response to governor pence . ' the ncaa , they took a bold step , ' collins said earlier this week . ' i think bold leadership is what 's needed . i 'm very proud of the ncaa taking such a stance and moving forward they definitely need to make sure the fans , the teams , the players , everyone involved with sporting events , when they go to these venues , when they go to these states , these cities , that all members of the community are protected by the laws there . ' the stadium was also a protest site as hundreds of people marched through the city 's downtown , calling for indiana to add protections for gays and lesbians in the new law . their chants attracted to attention of basketball fans who were at the stadium for the final four games , and some offered cheers of support . also on saturday , openly gay basketball stars jason collins and derrick gordon ( above ) arrived for the ncaa final four in indianapolis . the protest came days after indian governor mike pence signed revisions into the controversial law . the revisions prevent businesses from using the law in court to defend refusing to provide services to any customer because of their race , religion or sexual orientation , according to cnn . but protesters wanted the revision to add sexual orientation to one of the protected categories included in the state 's anti-discrimination law to prohibit workplace discrimination against lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . they chanted ' hoosiers do n't discriminate ! no more band-aids masking hate ! ' as they walked toward the stadium carrying rainbow flags and signs reading messages like ' no hate in our state ' and ' equal rights for all ' . police officers who blocked intersections so the protesters could march along downtown streets without incident estimated that between 500 and 600 people took part in the ' peaceful ' march . there were no signs during the march of supporters of the state 's religious freedom law . 