yaya toure will not be forced out of manchester city , but the club are set to make the midfielder available this summer . sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the barclays premier league champions will listen to offers for the ivorian as they look to reshape their squad after a disappointing season . but toure will fight for his city career this summer despite the club pondering his future . yaya toure will not be forced out of manchester city , but the club are set to make him available this summer . sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the premier league champions will listen to offers for the ivorian . he is said to be content with life at the etihad stadium despite the difficulties and is in no rush to leave . the ivorian has played a major role during city 's recent trophy-laden period , helping the club to two premier league titles , an fa cup and league cup since joining from barcelona in 2010 . and the powerhouse midfielder still believes he can have a major impact for city in the future and remains fully committed to the cause . another stumbling block towards a potential move is the four-time african player of the year winner 's wages . inter milan , managed by roberto mancini , are interested but given his huge wages there are some doubts . toure has more than two years left on his current £220,000-a-week deal and is unlikely to move for anything less . a number of clubs , such as inter milan , are interested in the 31-year-old , but given his huge salary there must be doubts over whether they would be able to afford it . inter are prepared to offer toure a five-year deal to compensate for the pay-cut he would be required to take if he moved to italy — although , it remains to be seen whether he 'd agree to such a compromise . there have been preliminary talks about a contract extension for toure at city — which included the possibility of an ambassadorial role when he hangs up his boots . but it seems the club are now happy for him to leave . city , meanwhile , will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for alvaro negredo to fund a move for radamel falcao , currently on loan at manchester united . city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for alvaro negredo this summer . negredo joined valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a clause involving a permanent move to the mestalla . reports in spain suggested that valencia are having second thoughts about keeping negredo next season , but city are adamant that the deal will go through as planned . the 29-year-old striker scored 23 goals in his first season at the etihad following a £20.6m move from sevilla , but he has only found the net five times for valencia . when he scored in monday’s 3-0 win over levante , the spain striker refused to celebrate , fuelling speculation over his future at the club . negredo joined valencia on loan last summer but reports in spain say they are looking at radamel falcao . victory kept valencia in fourth place in la liga and on course to qualify for the champions league , but financial problems mean they are already struggling to hold onto key players like defender nicolas otamendi . it has , however , not stopped valencia being linked with a summer move for falcao , who is set to leave united at the end of his season-long loan from monaco . falcao’s agent jorge mendes has been acting as an advisor to valencia owner peter lim and offloading negredo is seen as one way of affording the colombia star . city had scouts at porto , watching their 3-1 champions league win over bayern munich on wednesday night , with the home team’s brazilian left-back alex sandro said to be the main focus of interest . city had scouts at porto with brazilian left-back alex sandro said to be the main focus of interest for them . 