the average briton enjoys 884 cups of tea each year – or enough to fill two bathtubs , a survey has found . the yougov poll of more than 2,000 britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week . the research showed that our tea-drinking habits increase as we get older , with those aged 55 and over typically enjoying 21 cups of tea a week compared with 18 to 24-year-olds , who only drink eight cups a week . the average briton enjoys 884 cups of tea each year – or enough to fill two bathtubs , a survey has found . the poll also found that almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when they are unwell – in comparison with only 16 per cent of men . youngsters are more likely to turn to a cuppa when they are sad , with nearly a quarter of 18 to 25s saying they put the kettle on when they are feeling down , compared with just 11 per cent of 55 and overs . and more than half of adults associated a cup of tea with ‘ comfort and relaxation’ – confirming the results of a separate survey which yesterday revealed that sweet tea promotes relaxation and relieves stress . mary rance , chief executive of charity contact the elderly – which commissioned the poll and organises tea parties for older people – said : ‘ this confirms that tea really is part of our national identity . we know from our parties and our research that a cup of tea brings britain together . ’ the poll found that almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when they are unwell . ' at contact the elderly , we know first hand that a monthly tea party makes a huge difference to the lives of our older guests , many of whom do not have regular face-to-face contact with anyone other than their carer or the postman . ' the number of isolated over-75s is growing , and there are still one million lonely older people in england , scotland and wales who are completely cut off from society and in need of our help . ' we know from our parties and our research that a cup of tea brings britain together , so as we celebrate our golden jubilee , we urge people to support us by volunteering to put the kettle on for lonely older people . '