javier hernandez is undroppable on current form , says real madrid manager carlo ancelotti . the on-loan manchester united striker made it six goals in eight games as he scored twice in real 's 4-2 win over celta vigo on sunday night . hernandez 's double means he has now scored a goal every 83 minutes - a ratio that is only two minutes short of lionel messi , who nets once every 81 minutes . javier hernandez scored two more important goals for real madrid in their battle for the la liga crown . hernandez salutes the fans after scoring as real moved back to within two points of barcelona at the top . ' he 's enjoying the period that he 's in , it 's a really good one , ' said ancelotti of hernandez . ' the whole team worked well . if chicharito is in this form he 's non-negotiable , like cristiano [ ronaldo ] , [ karim ] benzema , james [ rodriguez ] , [ gareth ] bale , [ sergio ] ramos , isco , [ raphael ] varane , pepe… i have a team of non-negotiables , but only eleven can play and the rest stay on the bench . ' hernandez , who faces an uncertain future with doubts over whether real will make his loan permanent and seemingly no future at man united , says he is focusing on enjoying his football rather than where he will be playing next season . he said : ' i feel good and am enjoying the moment . i am a real madrid player . i 'm not sure if that will be for a long or short time so i want to make the most of the minutes i 'm given with the best team in the world . the real madrid players surround striker hernandez after his first goal brought the visitors back into the lead . ' i am enjoying doing what i love most , which is playing and i want to give it my all on the pitch . i 've been taught that you can control having a good attitude and being determined . everyone i love would tell me to continue working because all the good things would eventually transpire ' . the win keeps real two points behind la liga leaders barcelona and ancelotti remains hopeful that his side can catch their great rivals with five games to play . he added : ' our objective is to force barça to win every game . that 's what the statistics say . at this moment in time we 're not thinking about other teams , but about what we have to do . we 're doing well and we 'll try to fight for la liga until the final day , which is our objective . ' 