anti-islam protests in australia against sharia law and halal tax turned violent after demonstrators clashed with anti-racism activists who burned the country 's flag . police were forced to separate the reclaim australia supporters and opponents of the group in melbourne , after clashes turned ugly and several people had to be treated by paramedics . the protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal - must pay fees to islamic organisations for inspection and certification . scroll down for video . anti-islam protesters clashed the anti-racism activists during a rally in federation sqaure in melbourne yesterday . across australia , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , but sydney and melbourne drew the biggest crowd . several were injured during the violent rally that saw hundreds of people protest for anti-racism . two people were arrested in melbourne after they attempted to break through a police barricade that separated the groups . recent figures show the halal sector could be worth $ 1.5 trillion worldwide by 2050 . across the country , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , with events in sydney and melbourne appearing to have drawn the biggest crowds . about 500 people attended the rally held in martin place , sydney , which included speeches from former australia defence league member shermon burgess and rise up ! australia party nsw president norm bishop . there was a strong police presence throughout the protest , which included riot police . two people were taken away by officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . one took the microphone and told the crowd they should be ' ashamed ' . in melbourne , protesters clashed with anti-racism activists in federation square . two people were arrested after they attempted to break through a police barricade that separated the different groups . a clash of anti-islam and anti-racism groups turned dangerous and violent during protests in melbourne . more than 100 police officers , eleven mounted on horses were used to form the separation wall . melbourne police formed a barrier between the separate rallies to attempt to disperse the protesters . anti-racism supporters burn australian flag at in retaliation to the reclaim australia protest in melbourne . protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in melbourne as tensions rose . several more were injured in the combative protests , according to reports . the protests came as the pauline hanson , leader of one nation , far right australian political party , defended the anti-islam protests and said imposing halal certification on australians was wrong . on sunday morning 's today show she was asked for her views on businesses ' going to the wall ' if halal certification of food products was scrapped . ' it 's a profit , money-making racket and has been connected with the muslim brotherhood in france . why ca n't we have an investigation into where the money actually goes ? ' she claimed . when told by the interviewer that there was no basis to any of these claims ms hanson replied : ' why do australians have to pay tax for halal certification ? it is a money making racket . why do australians have to pay extra when they buy this product ? ' crowd numbers grew during the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics . two people were taken away by police officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . ms hanson added that an investigation was needed into halal certification in australia . ' it 's extortion that has been put onto businesses that you must pay this money , ' she said . ' a muslim does not have to have halal certification , they can say a prayer over their food . then it 's ok . ' we do n't need this , we 're being hoodwinked . it 's a racket , a money-making racket . ' ms hanson , who narrowly lost her fight for a seat in the 2015 queensland election , joined hundreds of protesters in king george square in brisbane on saturday . one nation leader pauline hanson denied that there was any violence or confrontations at the brisbane rally . speaking earlier on the today programme mrs hanson defended the anti-islam protests and said imposing halal certification on australians was wrong . many were draped in the australian flag and carried signs denouncing sharia law and halal certification for australian products . she denied that there was any violence or vitriol at the rally . ' there was no violence at the brisbane rally whatsoever . islam is not a race so therefore we 're not talking about racism here whatsoever . criticism is not racism . we have a right to have a say and have an opinion , ' she said . ' we do n't like islam and we 're in fear about what islam can do to our country , our culture and our way of life . australians have a right to say this is not going to work . we want a peaceful cohesive society . ' the violent scenes came after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups has mocked protests being held around australia . hundreds of people attended the ' reclaim australia ' rally which was held in martin place , sydney . protesters in the crowd carried flags and chanted “ aussie , aussie , aussie - oi , oi , oi” and many carried banners denouncing islam . it was originally thought reclaim australia had handed over the reigns to one of their supporters to control their feed throughout the protests . ' whats wrong with muslims anyway ? i dun get it , ' one tweet from the account read . ' in the car reading stuff - wots xenophobia ? help me out , ' another said . however , ' jeremy ' began to tweet a number of joke comments shortly after the sydney protest got underway . ' man f**k this noise i 'm gon na get stoned in the park peace out . ' once the tweets began to get attention , a ' statement ' was released that explained its account was misused and it then said other events around the country would be cancelled . two people were taken away by officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . protesters cheered as speakers said australians had to be aware and alert to the threat of islam and sharia law . however , organisers behind the sydney protest were quick to disassociate themselves with the account . ' it 's not us , ' a spokesperson told daily mail australia . ' ours is @ reclaim_aus . ' twitter users quickly began to poke fun at the group after doubts over the page emerged . ' maybe before you you practice on something small like reclaiming your twitter account . work up to the big stuff slowly , ' one said . 