the ' battle of holland ' was nothing short of sensational as raymond van barnevald defeated world no 1 michael van gerwen - earning the bragging rights and giving himself a fighting chance of qualifying for the showdown at the 02 arena . robin van persie was an interested spectator as he watched the bout on a camel tv and showed his support for his fellow dutchmen on his instagram page . the reigning premier league darts champion started well and found himself 2-0 up , before van gerwen began to score high and leveled the legs up . raymond van barneveld was in formidable form as he won ' the battle of holland ' against michael van gerwen . but van barneveld lived up to his legendary status , with scintillating finishing to ease past his dutch counterpart , 7-3 , and end his previously unbeaten record . phil taylor ended his losing run after beating dave chisnall and drawing with stephen bunting but the 16-time world champion will be disappointed he did n't finish off ' the bullet ' - earning himself maximum points . the 54-year-old rampaged to victory over chisnall , taking the contest , 7-3 , and recovering from back-to-back defeats in his two previous outings . robin van persie took to instagram to show that he was watching his fellow dutchmen go head-to-head . the manchester united forward is currently out injured but looks set to leave louis van gaal 's side . bunting and taylor were involved in arguably the match of the night , with both men involved in a quite incredible ending , where they threw a sequence of wayward darts before bunting hit double one and making sure he took home a point . adrian lewis won his third match on the bounce , beating bunting , 7-2 , and condemning his opponent to a heavy defeat . ' jackpot ' boosted his chances of making the knockout stage with a convincing victory as he proved why he 's still a player to fear in the premier league . phil taylor will be disappointed he could n't finsh off stephen bunting considering the chances he had . adrian lewis showed that he should not yet be written off with an impressive win over bunting . gary anderson produced a sterling fightback to earn himself a draw against james wade - sending the scottish crowd wild as he hit double 20 to level it at 6-6 . wade had a number of chances to finish off the tie but was out of sorts in the final four legs , giving the ' flying scotsman ' a glimmer hope - and he made no mistake . anderson 's point could be crucial - come the end of the competition - when the top four will meet to decide who will the premier league 2015 champion . gary anderson fought back form 6-2 down to earn himself a valuable draw against james wade in aberdeen .