poppy smart complained to police after accusing builders of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling . when poppy smart was wolf-whistled at by builders on her walk to work , she at first tried to ignore it . but as the whistles and accompanying sexist comments turned into a daily ritual , the 23-year-old began to get upset . finally , after a month of unwanted attention from the men on the building site , the marketing co-ordinator decided she 'd had enough – and called the police . miss smart , who recorded the constant whistling using her smartphone 's video function , also contacted one of the construction companies working at the site to complain of sexual harassment . she compared the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination and said it made her walk to work in worcester city centre an ' awful experience ' . one of the workers even approached her on the pavement , blocking her way , before saying ' morning love ' after she had ignored a cacophony of whistling , miss smart said . ' he was probably 18 or 19 and got right in my face , standing next to an older man . he did n't touch me but they were in my personal space in the pavement , in my way , even though i literally blanked him . it is incredibly intimidating . i 'm quite a nervous person and this has made my anxiety worse . ' the whistling went on for a month . i eventually contacted the building company and the police on the same day when it got so bad . i even considered changing my route to work but thought , ' why should i do that ? ' west mercia police confirmed they had followed up miss smart 's complaint as a possible incident of anti-social behaviour but had not taken further action . a spokesman said : ' after consultation with the woman who reported the behaviour it was decided that the employers would deal with those said to be responsible . ' although wolf-whistling is not a specific offence , workmen who repeatedly make obscene comments to passers-by could be convicted of a breach of the peace . miss smart , from worcester , was first whistled at in the middle of february when she started a new job . ms smart recorded one of the occasions she walked past the building site . there is no suggestion any of the men pictured in the mobile phone footage ( shown left and right ) were involved in the alleged wolf-whistling . the builders concerned were working on the expansion of the bolero restaurant . miss smart said she had not seen the men responsible since she complained to the building company , fimeca . the firm 's boss was ' shocked and annoyed ' at his staff 's behaviour and asked her to contact him if there was a repeat , she said . fimeca building and maintenance , of pershore , worcestershire , said the matter was being dealt with by the firm 's solicitors but refused to comment further . miss smart said she had been targeted on other occasions in worcester , not just near the building site . the building yard in worcester where ms smart alleges workman wolf-whistled at her while on her way to work . ' disrespectful ' : the 23-year-old marketing co-ordinator ( pictured ) claimed builders at a construction site wolf-whistled at her every morning as she walked to work in worcester city centre . ' men will lean out of their cars or vans and shout comments about my appearance or whistle and i have seen this happen to others as well . i do n't think such comments , even if they are considered complimentary by the perpetrators , are appropriate . it makes walking through town an awful experience . ' in 2012 , david cameron insisted wolf-whistling would not be made illegal in britain despite signing the uk up to the council of europe 's convention on violence against women , which pledges to outlaw ' verbal , non-verbal or physical ' sexual harassment . at the time , mr cameron 's official spokesman said : ' we have harassment laws in this country . we are not proposing to criminalise wolf-whistling . ' sarah green , of the end violence against women coalition , said wolf-whistling represented ' everyday sexism ' which should be stamped out . ' sexual harassment in the street is too often regarded as trivial when the reality is that many women feel humiliated , insulted and sometimes intimidated by it , ' she said . ' men who respect women do not do it . ' wolf-whistles , which originated among sailors , have now been banned by a number of building firms . ms smart ( left ) said she was regularly wolf-whistled at while walking past a building site ( right ) on her way to work .