it will not worry andy murray one iota that his victory over tomas berdych on friday night may have lacked the drama or controversy that accompanied their australian open semi-final in january . instead the world no 4 – next week to be world no 3 – was all business as he produced a performance of clinical excellence to take down the powerful czech 6-4 6-4 in an hour and 42 minutes . he is through to sunday 's final of the miami open where the scot will face his growing nemesis , novak djokovic after he dispatched john isner in straight sets . andy murray reacts as he reaches the miami open final with a 6-4 , 6-4 win over tomas berdych . murray reacts after winning the final point before shaking hands with berdych as he heads into the final . the czech republic star could not contend with murray 's selection of shot making in florida . it will be murray’s first masters level final since he won the title in what is his home from home two years ago . that fact backs up the belief that he is returning to the kind of form last seen from him in the first half of 2013 , which led to him winning the wimbledon title . since then there has been back surgery , a new coach in amelie mauresmo and a revamped support team and all manner of setbacks . but a grand slam final , making the last four of indian wells and now the final here tells the story of his improvement this season . occasionally there have been periods of wandering concentration in the past week but his mind was very focussed . it may have helped that ex assistant coach dani vallverdu was sitting in berdych’s corner accompanied by ex-fitness coach jez green , who is now also working with the czech . but there was none of the highly-charged atmosphere of that night in melbourne . kim sears , who he is marrying next week , kept a much lower profile this time , hidden beneath the wide-peaked straw hat protecting her from the fierce florida sun . the 27-year-old was in clinical form as he set up a final showdown with novak djokovic . there is no love lost between murray and berdych , especially after this year 's australian open semi-final . murray was annoyed after berdych asked for one of the balls to be taken out of play during the first set . both players thought it necessary to question the umpire as events unfolded in the first set . berdych questions the chair umpire following an overruled call at the masters 1000 evnt . murray and his close friend vallverdu have now regained the equilibrium in their relationship , but the scot admitted afterwards that there are still extraneous factors with him playing berdych , who he does not especially like . “ it was different from then ( melbourne ) for sure , but it was still not easy even if it appears that way , ” he said . “it’s still a bit tricky and not a comfortable situation . i’m quite pleased with the way i have handled the emotions in both these matches . ” murray has played more matches on this crandon park court than any other outside wimbledon’s centre court and the rod laver arena , and knows what to expect in conditions that are usually heavy and humid with a brisk breeze . murray 's fiancee kim sears was back in the stands wearing the same wide brimmed hat . berdych 's model fiancee ester satorova cools down with some water as she watches her beau . murray 's former coach dani valverdu ( left ) and trainer jez green ( right ) switched camps to join berdych . “ when the conditions are like that , tomas can still generate a lot of power . but when i 've played him on some of the quicker surfaces , i feel like i 've been able to hit through the court and make him move a lot . “it’s been a long five or six weeks for me so i wanted to try and conserve as much energy as i can . i obviously have some days off next week to relax . ” murray had a fairly clear game plan , taking some speed off his first serve to increase its percentage and not allow berdych too many looks at his more vulnerable second delivery . he also sought to exploit the 6’ 5” czech’s slightly cumbersome movement and prevent him from hitting too many of the bazooka forehands that had helped the czech forge a 6-5 record in their previous encounters . murray stretches to make a return as he battles to win a place in sunday 's final . murray can not hide his delight as he throws his sweatbands into the crowd after the game . murray , now sure to overtake rafael nadal in the rankings to close on roger federer at two , took advantage of two wobbly berdych service games at the start of each set , but was then unable to hold his serve before breaking again . the only whiff of controversy came after four games of the match when berdych , whose whingeing makes murray appear positively laidback , complained about the state of the balls . it did not impress his opponent . at this time of year it might be appropriate to describe him as doubting tomas and murray was in such purposeful mood , and serving so consistently , that he comfortably held onto his lead in both sets .