it is a saddening site of great human and cultural loss following nepal 's devastating earthquake that has killed at least 4,000 people . but dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the famed dharahara tower in kathmandu to take selfies in front of the wreckage . they have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic nine-storey structure , which has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust . scroll down for video . ' this is not right ' : a man takes a selfie at the historic dharahara tower that was damaged in saturday 's earthquake in kathmandu , nepal . criticism : one rescuer in nepal said those who were taking photographs of themselves and friends were not ' understanding the tragedy ' . but one rescuer in the nepalese capital said those who were taking photographs of themselves and friends were not ' understanding the tragedy ' . it is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city , but it was believed to have been filled with tourists . pawan thapa , 21 , a business student who arrived from the suburbs to help with the recovery effort , was dismayed by the scene . he said : ' this is earthquake tourism . this is not right . they are more interested in clicking their selfies than understanding that it is a tragedy . ' destroyed : it is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city , but it was believed to have been filled with tourists . taking a picture : the tower has been photographed far more than other buildings destroyed by the natural disaster , which struck on saturday . but most of those taking pictures were said to be local residents capturing the devastation of their community , rather than tourists . the tower built by nepal 's royal rulers in the 1800s was one of the country 's most treasured monuments . it has been photographed far more than other buildings destroyed by the natural disaster , which struck just before midday on saturday . the 7.8-magnitude quake sent tremors through the kathmandu valley and set in motion an avalanche which swept the face of mount everest . searching : a chinese rescue team member takes a selfie during an operation to find victims trapped inside a collapsed hotel in kathmandu . before and after : the tower built by nepal 's royal rulers in the 1800s was one of the country 's most treasured monuments . as well as the huge death toll , thousands more people were injured - and it was the worst such disaster to hit nepal since 1934 when 8,500 died . the united nations said today that it was releasing £10million from its central emergency response fund to help the earthquake victims . the world food programme is sending food and aid supplies to nepal , saying that logistics and emergency response teams are already working there . and a save the children relief worker said waterborne and infectious diseases are a risk because people are living outdoors in crowded situations .