james gregoire , pictured , was killed following a late night ' altercation ' in clacton , essex . a 21-year-old man has been arrested after a man died following a late-night brawl in clacton last night . the suspect from clacton was arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40am . he is being questioned in connection with the death of the man , who was named locally as james gregoire . the 54-year-old victim , known as ' pongo ' was killed in what essex police are describing as ' an altercation ' in the town . officers have closed off a large area of clacton town centre as forensic specialists conduct a finger-tipped search of the crime scene . a second man was seriously injured in the brawl although his injures are not described as life threatening . a third man suffered minor injuries . it is understood that the brawl continued across the town until one man collapsed and died . all of those involved in the incident are believed to be known to each other and are from the area . a large area of clacton 's town centre was cordoned off this morning as forensic officers conducted a full search of the scene looking for evidence . the incident started at a property on high street before the brawl spread across the town . mr gregorie 's body was found in an alleyway between beach road and the town 's covered market . two of the major shopping roads in the town , station road and pier avenue have been closed as well as the alleyway where the body was found . businesses in the area have been warned that large sections of the town will be closed for much of the day as the forensic investigation continues . mr gregorie 's son nathan posted a tribute on facebook : 'r.i.p daddy i cnt believe ur gone i dnt know wat to say i ai n't seen u in awhile ima miss u so f****** much love you forever and always . ' mr gregoire , was jailed for two years in february 2012 after he was caught trying to sell crack cocaine following an undercover police sting . police believe mr gregoire was killed as a result of a brawl that carried on across clacton 's town centre . essex police have closed off a large area of clacton 's shopping district while forensic searches continue . forensic officers gathered evidence across a large area of clacton due to the size of the crime scene . superintendent steve ditchburn , who is leading the murder investigation said : ' unfortunately due to the large number of scenes and the extensive cordon day-to-day business in clacton town centre has been severely disrupted . ' this is necessary to ensure as much early evidence is gathered as possible but we are working as quickly as we can to keep disruption to a minimum . ' i would like to appeal to anyone who has information about the incident , saw any men in and around the rosemary road and station road areas of the town at around 11.30pm last night , or who has any information which may assist detectives , to contact us as soon as possible . ' an essex police spokesman added : ' any witnesses or anyone who has information should contact detectives in clacton on 101 or crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 . ' mr gregoire 's son nathan led tributes to his late father on his facebook page earlier this morning . police confirmed they arrested a 21-year-old man earlier today on suspicion of mr gregoire 's murder . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .