designer lilly pulitzer 's family learned that it 's not always about who you know - or who you are are related to - after they joined the thousands of people who were unable to beat the ' pink sunday ' rush for the late ms pulitzer’s eponymous brand’s brightly-colored , limited edition collaboration at target . the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday morning . lilly leas , the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter , managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online , but only because she set an alarm . meanwhile , mrs pulitzer 's own daughter liza wanted a beach chair - but missed out . the 58-year-old palm beach realtor told the sun sentinel that her mother , who died in 2013 at the age of 81 , ' would have loved the fact that everybody wanted to get something , a piece of lilly ' . scroll down for video . family style : the late lilly pulitzer ( center ) and her daughter liza ( right ) wore the designer 's patterns in 2005 . liza admitted that she was unable to purchase any items from the brand 's target collaboration . designer demand : shopper loren boyce posted this picture of a cleared-out target store on sunday , writing that the racks were empty within five minutes . ' i think wearing a lilly dress and wearing a lilly print makes people smile , and the fact more people would have the opportunity - i liked that , ' miss leas added of the target collection . the lilly pulitzer merchandise - which included clothing , accessories , and homeware from the designer at target 's lower price point - attracted thousands of enthusiastic shoppers who logged online early and waited in long lines outside target stores before they opened . and while all of the popular products have now officially sold out , more than 30,000 pieces have been listed for resale on ebay , many at higher price points , prompting angry customers who were unable to walk away with lilly pulitzer merchandise to boycott the second-hand sellers . a posting being shared on social media reads : ' here 's a tip to those who missed out on purchasing today . boycott all second-hand seller of target 's lilly pulitzer collection until the prices drop below cost . do n't be desperate to beat someone else out for a $ 30 dress . ' just say no : angry lilly pulitzer fans took to social media to start a boycott against second-hand sellers of merchandise . just say no : a twitter user named amanda noted that pieces from the collection will be returned to target if everyone bands together and refuses to bid on any of items on ebay . colorful addiction : this woman was photographed with a cart full of patterned home décor from the lilly pulitzer for target collection . different opinion : not everyone was a fan of the collection ; this twitter user named ponta could n't believe that women were willing to spend so much on the patterned designs . the message continues : ' if no one buys from ebay or instagram - groups that are currently price gouging - they 'll be forced to drop the prices in a few weeks . this only works if everyone refuses to buy from any second-hand seller . # forcedaccountability # lillyforebay . ' other twitter users noted that the highly-coveted items from the lilly pulitzer collection will be returned to target and restocked if everyone bands together and refuses to buy from second hand sellers . ' # lillyfortarget has a 14 day return window . boycott # lillyforebay and there will be stock in stores in about 13 days , ' one person tweeted , another added : ' can we all just make a pact to not buy any of the # lillyfortarget aka # lillyforebay absolutely ridiculous [ sic ] . ' speedy re-sellers first started earning bids for their purchases at up to ten times the retail price , including a $ 150 hammock for $ 799 and a $ 34 maxi dress for $ 202.50 . a $ 30 tote bag was posted with a buy it now asking price of $ 300 . disappointed : robin t was angry that target did n't set a limit of how many pieces customers could purchase at a time . wise woman : esta fiesta , who previously shared her tips on shopping designer collaborations , noted that people should have listened to her strategies . shocking mark-up : mary hall encouraged people to buy ' real ' lilly pulitzer instead of spending hundreds on the target collaboration being sold on ebay . however , within 24 hours , many more sold-out items became available on ebay for under $ 100 , including a $ 9.99 makeup bag that sold for $ 19.99 and a $ 15 headband that sold for $ 30 . many of the thousands of re-sellers bought pieces in bulk with the intention of auctioning them online for a profit - a practice that angered some shoppers , who complained that these scalpers ruin the fun for ' true ' fans of the brand . ' there 's a special place in hell for those who bought items just to resell on ebay , ' one woman wrote on twitter . another said : ' the people who bought hoards of # lillyfortarget products just to resell them online are ( literally ) the reason we ca n't have nice things . [ sic ] ' nothing left : many people took to social media to share photos of the empty shelves at various target stores . band together : keily collins told people to avoid buying any of the pieces on ebay . better idea : she added that she would rather go to a lilly pulitzer store and buy something from there than purchase anything from second-hand sellers . no human decency : meanwhile , carolyn heard noted that ' people are the worst ' while encouraging others to join the boycott . other customers also complained of problems using target 's website on sunday morning ; ' extreme traffic ' caused site crashes and difficulty completing purchases . target 's chief merchandising and supply chain officer kathee tesija apologized for the issues regarding the store 's website on the company 's blog on tuesday , saying the experience customers had on target.com on sunday morning ' was n't acceptable ' , while denying that the site had crashed . ' our goal is to provide an easy , fun experience , whether guests are shopping online or in our stores . we didn’t get there with this launch and for that , we’re sorry , ' she said . ' the website never crashed , but due to high traffic , it was slow and our guests had to wait longer than they should have to access the full collection . ' she added : 'that’s frustrating , both for them and for us . we’re taking a close look at what happened . we’re committed to constant improvement , and are laser focused on providing our guests with a great , seamless experience . ' ms tesija also addressed the outrage over second hand re-sellers of the collection . fast fashion gets faster : lilly pulitzer 's lower-priced collection for target sold out almost immediately online and in stores ; customers re-selling this $ 34 maxi dress were netting bids over $ 200 . pricey prints : pieces like this lilly pulitzer bag , left , and hammock , right were quickly available at major mark-ups online , though more affordable resell prices have popped up since the initial rush . ' one of the things we’re incredibly passionate about at target is making great design accessible and affordable , ' she said . ' when we see product that we’ve created for our guests being resold on the secondary market for a profit , it’s disheartening because it takes away from the very intent of these programs . ' she continued : ' when we look at the amount of lilly pulitzer for target product being resold , it translates to roughly 1.5per cent of the collection . while we’d prefer that number to be zero , it tells us that the vast majority of guests who purchased the collection did so with the intent of enjoying it for themselves . ' but though frustrated fans criticized target for poor planning and a lack of bulk-buying policies , these are hardly new experiences for customers who have taken advantage of the store 's past designer collaborations . the highly-anticipated diffusion lines are promoted for months in advance with ads , lookbooks and celebrity-packed parties , resulting in hordes of fashionistas adding the on-sale dates to their calendars . in 2011 , missoni 's collaboration with target crashed the website as well , and collections from prabal gurung , 3.1 phillip lim , and peter pilotto all saw marked-up resell value on ebay after selling out in stores . bait for the belles : ' the things southern girls do for @ lillypulitzer # lillyfortarget [ sic ] , ' wrote customer michelle christine of the line outside a richmond , virginia target store . hollywood ladies love lilly : celebrities including ( l to r ) camila alves , kate bosworth , bella thorne , and ellie kemper all wore lilly pulitzer for target dresses to the line 's launch party .