when the first ipad launched on 3 april 2010 , opinion was split on how popular the product would turn out to be , and whether the tablet market would grow . now five years - and 225 million sales - later it might be natural to presume that those who doubted the device have been proved wrong . but amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices , some industry experts have predicted that the ipad’s days are numbered . scroll down for video . the first generation ipad was revealed by the late steve jobs in early 2010 ( pictured ) , but at the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular . five years and 225 million units later , it seems many critics have been proved wrong - for now . when steve jobs revealed the original ipad in california in early 2010 , it was met with derision by many technology experts , who failed to see how such a product would prove popular . at the time , blogger mg siegler from techcrunch said : ' is it a must-have ? the quick and dirty answer is : for many people , right now , no . ' unlike the iphone , which filled an already well-established need , there is no existing need the ipad fills . ' rhi morgan at t3 magazine agreed . he said : ' i can’t see anybody who needs a laptop buying an ipad , and i can’t see people using it as a smartphone either . ' but opinion soon swung back in apple’s favour . within the first 24 hours of apple 's launch the company sold 300,000 units , and to date , nine incarnations of the ipad have gone on sale , with the air 2 and mini 3 being the most recent . 1st generation : 3 april 2010 . 2* : 11 march 2011 . 3rd generation : 16 march 2012 . 4th generation : 2 november 2012 . mini 1st generation : 2 november 2012 . air : 1 november 2013 . mini 2 : 12 november 2013 . air 2 : 22 october 2014 . mini 3 : 22 october 2014 . *note : the ipad 2 was the only ipad that had a number after its name ( aside from the air and mini ) . the ipad was soon heralded as being the perfect mid-way device between a phone and a laptop . considering , at the time in 2010 , smartphones were still by and large finding their feet , the ipad filled a gap in the market that many thought simply wasn’t there . the horn , a technology blog for ecommerce site gazelle , cited a number of areas that the ipad exceeded in . in education , the ipad found its place as tablets were preferred to textbooks . and , according to the horn , it ‘ altered ( and possibly saved ) the publishing industry , forcing magazines and newspapers to create tablet-ready versions for digitally savvy customers . ’ while the ipad was by no means the first tablet on the market , it successfully grew the industry to such levels that , today , news readers or presenters are often seen clutching an ipad when talking on the tv , where once they would have used paper . launches of apple products are often greeted by swathes of adoring fans - and that was none more obvious than with the launch of the original ipad . pictured is robert scoble picking up the inaugural ipad on 3 april 2010 in palo alto , california . how far we 've come : on the left is the original ipad , launched in 2010 , and on the right the ipad air 2 , launched on 22 october 2014 . the latest variant of the ipad , the ipad air 2 , is shown here being unveiled by ceo tim cook on 16 october 2014 . in total nine different versions of the ipad have made it to market . queues of people are seen here waiting outside the apple store in regent 's street , london after the release of the ipad 2 on 25 march 2011 . but it seems the tide may be turning for the ipad . according to cnn money , sales for the ipad dropped 18 per cent in the final quarter of 2014 alone . and this year , it’s predicted that sales will fall by five per cent from last year - admittedly still at 60.1 million units - but the lowest level since 2012 . industry expert giulio montemagno , from svp international , retailmenot , says that while tablets might have revolutionised some markets , it risks being lost in a sea of other products . ‘ this year alone , shoppers are set to spend £6.32 billion [ $ 9.37 billion ] using tablet devices in the uk , up from £3.62 billion [ $ 5.36 billion ] 2014 , ’ he said . but he added : ‘ we are seeing a strong shift from tablets to smartphones as the lines blur between smartphones , phablets , and tablets . ’ apple 's ipad has widely been heralded as kickstarting the tablet industry , creating a huge new market between smartphones and laptops - and seeing many copycat devices made in the process . ‘ there are still flashes of life in the ipad , ’ martyn landi , press association technology correspondent , told mailonline . ‘it’s still the fastest selling product in apple history with more than a quarter of a billion sold in five years - and that 's quite something up against the iphone and ipod . ‘ but sales are starting to decline as smartphones are getting bigger and rivals are getting better . ‘ ipad numbers were always going to fall at some point because they had a huge market share to begin with - 75 per cent after the first year of ipad - and that was always unlikely to be sustainable once the competition got involved . ‘ it 's being squeezed from both sides by “phablets” like samsung galaxy note 4 and even the iphone 6 plus , but also on the other side by hybrid laptops like the surface pro 3 . ‘ times and trends change . right now , it 's all about larger screen smartphones and full metal bodies . tablets are not top of the wanted list for consumers right now , but that does n't mean they never will again . ’ all is not well for the ipad . the rise of new devices like the apple watch ( left ) and larger smartphones like the iphone 6 plus ( right ) mean the place for the ipad in today 's market is becoming less obvious . ‘ to some extent it’s apple’s own fault , ’ said phil morris , deputy editor for icreate magazine . ‘ with bigger screens on its iphones , consumers aren’t using their ipads like they used to . ‘ the new macbook is going to dent the ipad even further - that machine is like a mac with an ipad engine , a real sofa-surfers ' device . ‘ apple wo n't let the ipad die though , so we fully expect an ipad pro later this year’ . on whether apple might consider discontinuing the ipad , though , he said he ‘can’t ever see that happening . ’ he added : ‘ sales won’t fall off that dramatically for the ipad to be discontinued . ’ apple store staff in central sydney welcome the first shopper waiting in line , alex lee ( centre ) of canada , the moment apple 's ipad 2 became available for direct purchase in australia on 25 march 2011 . hundreds of customers lined up outside apple stores for the launch - but will we see such numbers again ? with the release of smartphones with larger screens like the iphone 6 plus , and other devices like the apple watch , the place for the ipad today is becoming less obvious . but , after all , that is what they said five years ago , as well . will we be celebrating the 10 anniversary of the ipad in 2020 , though , and looking back on another successful five years ? at the moment , it looks pretty unlikely .