condemned bali nine pair 's ongoing battle to spare their lives has moved to indonesia 's constitutional court , a challenge that has been labelled as a delay tactic . andrew chan and myuran sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court , which upheld its earlier decision that presidential decrees were outside its jurisdiction on monday . as jakarta waits on the legal efforts of a few other prisoners before setting an execution date , the two australian 's lawyers sought a constitutional court review to make clear the president 's obligations on considering clemency on thursday - a process that could take several months . andrew chan ( left ) and myuran sukumaran ( right ) are now appealing to indonesia 's constitutional court . attorney-general hm prasetyo has declared the move by the pair 's lawyers as a delay tactic . they also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals . however , attorney-general hm prasetyo has dismissed the challenge as delaying tactics and says he wo n't recognise it . indonesian lawyer for the death row pair , inneke kusuma , told reporters the effort was not aimed at delaying the executions , but clarifying a prisoner 's rights . the president 's obligations when assessing a prisoner 's life were unclear , she argued , such as the weight that should be given to rehabilitation . ' this judicial review wo n't delay the executions but we will tell the government please hold on until this process is done , because if the constitutional court accepts what we lodge , the documents , maybe there will be a new mechanism to consider their clemency , ' she said . the pair 's lawyers also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals . sukumaran ( left ) and chan ( right ) are now imprisoned on central java 's nusakambangan island where they face the prospect of death by firing squad . the lawyers ' argument is that president joko widodo breached his responsibilities to treat the applications for mercy on their merits , instead rejecting them because he wishes to deny clemency to all death row drug offenders . mr prasetyo says the pair have already had their appeals and any constitutional court decision would only apply to future cases anyway - not that of the condemned duo . meanwhile , his spokesman tony spontana said an execution date that avoids the asia-africa conference was still being considered , when indonesia plays host to various heads of state from april 18 - 24 . mr spontana said although it was legal - it would not be ethical to carry out the executions while hosting the international event but they would continue to look for a ' good day ' during this month for the prisoners to face death row . the sydney men are now imprisoned on central java 's nusakambangan island where they face the prospect of death by firing squad . two of the other eight prisoners in line for execution with the australians have applied for supreme court judicial reviews , while another is also pursuing an administrative court case .