nigel farage has dismissed criticism of the lack of diversity in ukip 's manifesto by claiming there was a ' half black ' party spokesman featured prominently - and ' one fully black person ' . the ukip leader made the remarks after being asked at his manifesto launch last week to justify the scarcity of black and asian faces in the ukip manifesto . it includes several photographs of the party 's top team although it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid . scroll down for video . nigel farage has dismissed criticism of the lack of diversity in ukip 's manifesto by claiming there was a ' half black ' party spokesman featured prominently - and ' one fully black person ' . the question provoked noisy barracking , including from a group of black and asian candidates attending the launch . mr farage said the premise was wrong , with the picture of the party 's immigration spokesman steven woolfe ignored . he told magic radio : ' well firstly there was one fully black person . ' mr farage added : ' there was another one of our leading spokesman who is half black and that did n't get a mention . and he featured very prominently on page six . so the premise was wrong . ' i thought what happened was really interesting . there was a journalist from one of our leading daily newspapers who made the comment you know , there 's only one black . ' and what happened was that there was an eruption in the room as our black and ethnic minority candidates stood up and looked at this guy in a pretty hostile way . ' the ukip leader - trying on hats at a campaign stop in canterbury , kent , today - made the remarks after being asked at his manifesto launch last week to justify the scarcity of black and asian faces in the ukip manifesto . the ukip manifesto included several photographs of the party 's top team although it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid . mr farage added : ' what they were saying was we 're just about sick to death of the sneering media class trying to make ukip out to be something completely other than it is . ' we 're a non-racist , non-sectarian political party but we do n't have all female quotas , we do n't have all black quotas , we treat everybody as being equal . ' i think we 're a multi-racial society . i think the multicultural society is a much more contentious point and perhaps that 's the bit that may have gone slightly wrong . ' over 10 % of our candidates come from bme backgrounds . we 're probably more diverse in our membership than some of the other parties who talk about all of this in a sort of ' holier than thou ' way . ' mr farage said the party 's immigration spokesman steven woolfe - who has dual heritage - was ' half black ' . the ukip manifesto launch was overshadowed by a row over the number of black and asian people included , after a journalist pointed out that the only image showed someone from an ethnic minority - an african woman in the overseas aid section . ukip has also proposed to amend the smoking ban to allow pubs and clubs to open smoking rooms . the manifesto states these rooms would have to be properly ventilated and physically separate from non-smoking areas . mr farage said : ' there are 76 pages in our manifesto and that is one little sentence tucked away in there . ' it 's about freedom of choice that 's the point . thirty pubs a week are closing and a lot of them particularly in built up areas where they have n't got a big food trade . ' they rely on people going into the pub at five , six o'clock after a hard day 's work and a lot of those people might not smoke all day but they want a smoke with their drink that evening . ' he added of his party 's policy : ' would that burden the health service ? well let 's put it like this : the nhs says , that smoking related illnesses cost it £2 billion a year , all right ? tobacco tax is £12billion a year so i do n't quite buy the argument . ' 