amazing images of a typhoon heading for the philippines have been snapped from orbit by two astronauts . typhoon maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon , causing troops in the philippines to be put on alert today . and residents and toursists along the eastern coast have been warned that it will hit land some time in the next 72 hours . this image taken tuesday 31 march 31 shows typhoon maysak taken by astronaut samantha cristoforetti from the international space station . the pacific daily news newspaper in guam reports the storm was upgraded tuesday to a super typhoon with winds of 150mph . as it moved over the pacific ocean , the storm generated winds of more than 140mph ( 225km/h ) . it is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main philippine island of luzon on saturday or sunday . ' commands respect even from # space : we just flew over typhoon # maysak , ' esa astronaut samantha cristoforetti said in a tweet . and fellow astronaut terry virts , of nasa , said : ' looking down into the eye - by far the widest one i 've seen . it seemed like a black hole from a sci-fi movie # maysak . ' accuweather.com reported that the storn was one of the strongest cyclones in history during the months of january , february and march . although it is expected to weaken slightly , it will still pose a significant threat to islands in its past . it first developed into a tropical storm last friday , and now the full power of a super typhoon can be seen in the images . the steep walls of cloud drop into the eye of the storm , and more than 10 inches ( 250mm ) of rain have been reported under the storm . nasa astronaut terry virts captured the eye of typhoon maysak early in the morning with the shadow being cast deep into the vortex . the storm was moving west-northwest at 15mph . the eyewall of super typhoon maysak is seen as it heads west-northwestward through the western pacific ocean , northwest of yap island , in this infrared image taken by the suomi npp satellite 's viirs instrument 1 april 2015 . the storm has maintained its 15 nautical mile diameter eye , but is weakening slightly as dry air encroaches from the southern periphery , according to noaa . this map from accuweather shows the path of super typhoon maysak over the next few days . this image was taken yesterday by astronaut samantha cristoforetti from the international space station . officials say super typhoon maysak is expected to significantly weaken before reaching the philippines around sunday . ' the eye of # maysak typhoon really stands out early in the morning with the shadow being cast deep into the vortex , ' said terry virts . ' this is very strong and it will maintain its strength as it nears , although we expect that the typhoon will weaken , ' esperanza cayanan , an officer at the weather bureau , said in a televised briefing . ' but this will still be typhoon intensity so it will bring strong winds when it makes landfall on the eastern coast . british-based tropical storm risk said maysak would likely weaken to a category 2 typhoon , with maximum winds of up to 110mph ( 175km/h ) , when it hits land . the typhoon could damage rice and corn crops in central and northern areas of the philippines , although damage is likely to be minimal because the major harvest of the national staple rice was finished around february . super typhoon maysak is seen tracking west-northwestward through the western pacific ocean , northwest of yap island in this image taken by the suomi npp satellite 's viirs instrument around 04:25gmt ( 00:25 et ) 1 april . ' commands respect even from # space : we just flew over typhoon # maysak , ' esa astronaut samantha cristoforetti said in a tweet . alexander pama , executive director of the national disaster agency , said the biggest challenge for authorities would be keeping foreign and filipino tourists travelling to northern provinces for the weekend safe when maysak makes landfall . thousands of filipinos have already begun travelling to the provinces and popular tourist spots before the easter weekend . maysak is not expected to make landfall where another category 5 typhoon , haiyan , struck more than a year ago , leaving nearly 8000 dead or missing . the storm is expected to dissipate shortly after it leaves the philippines .