louis van gaal 's bold recruitment drive appears to be gathering momentum after it emerged that ilkay gundogan expects to complete a £15million move to old trafford at the end of the season . despite already re-shaping manchester united 's fortunes and guiding them to third in the barclays premier league , ahead of the derby with city , van gaal is pressing ahead with plans for more big name signings this summer . sportsmail revealed last week that germany centre mats hummels has indicated he 's finally ready to become a united player , and it now seems it will be as part of a £50m-plus borussia dortmund double after gundogan also gave van gaal the go-ahead to bid for his services . ilkay gundogan ( right ) anchors dortmund 's midfield and could be brought in to protect united 's defence . mats hummels ( left ) looks likely to join manchester united this summer to strengthen their porous rearguard . hummels and gundogan are likely to be lining up in red for united next year if van gaal gets his way . united are believed to have responded to the signal from the germany midfielder and are confident of agreeing a fee with dortmund . both players have been on united 's radar for some time , and both have privately let it be known they feel the time has arrived for a fresh start . dortmund bosses are resigned to gundogan following hummels out of the door after the midfield anchorman flatly refused to renew a £100,000-a-week contract that runs out next year and evidently made little secret of his wish to join united . at the age of 26 , hummels ( right ) has made 39 appearances for germany and won the world cup last year . van gaal is set to be handed a £150m transfer kitty to further strengthen united in his second year at the club . a powerful figure at the base of dortmund 's midfield , gundogan might normally have cost a sizeable chunk of van gaal 's £150m summer budget but could be prised away for as little as £15m , given the time left on his contract . dortmund will ask for around £36m for hummels .