bingo hall toilets have tested positive for traces of class a drugs amid evidence that an increasing number of pensioners are turning to hard drugs in retirement . out of 17 bingo halls tested seven showed traces of cocaine , while another had traces of crack cocaine , a more dangerous form of the drug that is smoked , a newspaper investigation revealed . while the venues do let players as young as 18 in , the majority of attendees are elderly , and the discoveries mirror a spike in oaps being treated for drug abuse . out of 17 bingo halls tested across the country , seven had traces of cocaine in the toilets , while this one , in hengrove leisure park , bristol , was found to have traces of crack cocaine . class a : while bingo halls allow people as young as 18 to visit , the majority of visitors are pensioners ( pictured , gala bingo in fishponds road , bristol , where traces of cocaine were found in the toilets ) . figures from public health england show that 634 pensioners over 65 were treated for substance abuse in the last year , a rise of 20 per cent in a year , and double the rates seen in 2009 . a probe by the sun used swabs coated with special chemicals which reveal traces of cocaine to test toilet cubicles in bingo halls around the country . the news comes as hospital figures reveal a spike in drug abuse among the elderly , with 634 treated for addiction last year ( stock picture ) . two gala bingo premises in clydebank retail park and hawthorne quadrant , glasgow , tested positive for the drug , while mecca bingo in coral island , blackpool , also showed traces of cocaine . gala bingo in basildon and mecca bingo in romford , essex , also had positive results , as did gala bingo in fishponds road , bristol . another bristol venue , gala bingo in hengrove leisure park , tested positive for crack cocaine , which is highly addictive . kate lawrence , of drug charity phoenix futures , told the paper’s grant rollings that the findings were unsurprising , adding that many older people turn to drugs to combat loneliness , or to socialise . she said : ' we assume older people do n't want to go out and socialise , but they do , particularly if they are lonely . loneliness is a massive trigger for drugs . ' the older generation is n't so well informed because we have concentrated on warning young people about drugs . representatives from both mecca bingo and gala bingo said that their companies took a zero-tolerance policy on drugs and banned taking them on their premises . figures released early last year showed that , as well as record numbers of pensioners being hospitalised with drug problems , thousands more were seeking help to kick the habit . busted : mecca bingo blackpool was among the eight premises where traces of class a drugs were found . zero tolerance : both gala bingo and mecca bingo said drug taking was banned in both of their venues ( pictured , gala bingo in basildon , where cocaine traces were discovered ) . more than 2,000 people in their 60s , 70s and 80s sought help for problems relating to substance abuse in 2013 - double the number that were receiving treatment only five years ago . the dramatic rise is being blamed on those who first experimented with drugs during the 1960s , and have continued to use them on and off over the subsequent decades . the majority of those requesting help last year suffered from addictions to heroin or crack cocaine , although there were significant numbers who had problems with cannabis , amphetamines and prescription medications .