georgia high school basketball coach greg scott had n't been feeling well lately , so on monday he went to his doctor where he was shocked to discover he had leukemia . less than 24 hours after the devastating diagnosis , the 51-year-old married father of two and grandfather unexpectedly succumbed to the deadly disease . for the past eight years , scott had taught special education and social studies at cass high school and was the school 's head basketball coach . sudden death : less than 24 hours after georgia high school basketball coach greg scott ( left ) was diagnosed with leukemia , he succumbed to the illness . mentor : for the past eight years , scott ( pictured right with his son ) had taught special education and social studies at cass high school and was the school 's head basketball coach . towering figure : the teacher and sports coach was universally remembered as a deeply caring , wise man who was committed to his students and players . but those who knew him , including his colleagues and players , say there was much more to scott than his love of sports . false hope : initially , scott ( pictured with daughter cieanna ) and his family were told that his leukemia was treatable . greg scott , 51 , a basketball coach at cass high school in georgia , likely had contracted a fast-moving type of leukemia , known as acute myeloid leukemia , months before his death but was diagnosed only a day before he lost his brief battle with the illness . leukemia is a type of cancer that starts in cells that form new blood cells . these cells are found in the soft , inner part of the bones called the bone marrow . in patients who suffers from aml , the cancer grows quickly , and if not treated , could be fatal in a matter of months . with acute types of leukemia such as aml , bone marrow cells do not mature the way they 're supposed to . these immature cells , called blast cells , just keep building up . because it is ‘ acute , ’ this type of leukemia can spread quickly to the blood and to other parts of the body such as lymph nodes ; liver ; spleen ; brain and spinal cord , as well as testicles in men . this type of cancer is considered rare and has a five-year survival rate of only 24 per cent . aml can be treated with radiation , chemotherapy stem cell transplant , but like with other types of cancer , early detection is key . ‘ he was more about teaching kids how to be good people , ’ principal mike nelson told atlanta journal constitution . ‘ he wasn’t worried about winning or losses . ’ a spokeswoman for the bartow county schools said scott had fallen ill a few weeks ago and was diagnosed with pneumonia . after a week off for spring break , the coach returned to work monday but still was not feeling well . the 51-year-old school staffer took a sick day and sought medical treatment . tests showed that the father of two had leukemia - a potentially terminal cancer of the blood . he was taken to northside hospital that day , where he suddenly passed away wednesday morning . coach scott was described in glowing terms as an active member of the cass high school community who was always willing to lend his colleagues a helping hand . bobby hughes , cass ' head football coach and longtime friend of scott’s , said his unexpected passing devastated the entire school . scott’s former player and assistant coach drew mckaig told the daily tribune news the 51-year-old had made an enormous impact on the lives of students and colleagues alike . ‘ he would talk to them . he would encourage people and pick them up , ’ mckaig said . ‘ just him being a mentor to me and always talking to me , the one thing he always emphasized was not only wins and basketball games . ’ the young assistant coach said that when scott was transferred to the hospital tuesday , he went to visit him . he remembered that the cancer-stricken man seemed determined to beat the disease . ‘ he kept saying , “ all i can do is fight it , ”’ mckaig recalled . initially , scott and his family were told that his leukemia was treatable , but the reality turned out to be much bleaker . ‘ he fought , but you can’t win every game , ’ mckaig said . ‘ you can’t win every battle . ’ following his passing wednesday morning , scott’s heartbroken players and students took to social media to mourn their loss . junior mike sims wrote : ‘ coach scott was like a father figure to me ... you will be missed i promise . ’ loving father : the 51-year-old leaves behind his wife , daughter cieanna ( left ) and son trey ( right ) . family man : the married father of two got to enjoy a few years with his young grandson , luke sisk ( far right ) . 