almost two weeks on from liverpool’s wretched afternoon against manchester united at anfield , it would appear that lessons have already been learned . asked about a setback that may yet cost brendan rodgers and his players a place in next season’s champions league , the club’s midfielder joe allen was rueful . ‘ they were ready to go and maybe we weren’t , ’ allen told a young supporter at melwood this week . ‘ yeah , maybe the rivalry can sometimes get in the way . ’ joe allen battles it out with ander herrera during liverpool 's premier league defeat to man united at anfield . liverpool midfielder allen spoke to sportsmail 's ian ladyman at liverpool 's melwood training ground . midfielder allen believes liverpool have performed well against the big teams during the last two seasons . for allen , and indeed for liverpool , one suspects that their defeat by their greatest rival of all is already being viewed as merely another kink in the road . certainly there is nobody at anfield who will accept the opinion offered by sky sports’ gary neville , the former united defender , that liverpool froze . ‘ no , i don’t think that’s the problem , ’ said allen . ‘ i think over the last two seasons we have performed against the big teams . games can just be like that sometimes . it doesn’t happen very often . next time that game comes around we will get it right . ’ over the past few months at liverpool there has certainly been more right than wrong . going into saturday’s game at arsenal , they are five points off fourth place in the barclays premier league but that still represents progress from the dark days of autumn and early winter . allen , one senses , has been integral to recent improvement . with captain steven gerrard no longer an automatic starter and the brazilian lucas leiva recently injured , the 25-year-old midfielder has been given an extended opportunity to prove his worth . allen has been given an opportunity with captain steven gerrard no longer an automatic choice for liverpool . while gerrard is no longer the first name on the teamsheet , lucas leiva ( left ) has also been sidelined . having arrived with rodgers from swansea in 2012 , allen could not always be relied on . he admitted this week that at times the challenge seemed a little too big for him but he hopes that recent performances in big victories against manchester city , southampton and swansea will one day be seen as evidence of a genuine breakthrough . ‘ i think so , i hope so , ’ allen told sportsmail . ‘ personally i have always been confident that i just needed games . ‘ i will be open and honest , though . in my first season there were moments when i look back and am disappointed about how i did cope with that [ mental ] aspect of things . ‘ maybe i underestimated it a little bit before i came . i tried to anticipate it but you can’t do it until you get here . now i have come through that and the only issue this season has been injuries . hopefully i can stay fit now and show people the best of me . ’ allen’s increased standing at liverpool saw him selected for a meet and greet with supporters this week . guest of honour was sean melia , a volunteer at the anfield sports community centre who was present at melwood as a ‘ barclays spirit of the game hero’ . during a 20-minute q & a with a group of supporters , allen talked openly about the sad feeling at the club when gerrard announced that he would not be staying and the devastation of last season’s title failure . ‘ we understand that we gave it to manchester city , ’ he said . allen admits , at times , the challenge of playing for liverpool felt a little too big but has impressed recently . gerrard consoles luis suarez as liverpool 's title hopes were dented against crystal palace last season . allen also spoke of the feeling at the club after captain gerrard announced he would be leaving the reds . later on , however , his conversation with sportsmail was more personal and touched on his relationship with his older brother harry , a talented footballer who plays for the wales deaf side after losing his hearing to meningitis as a toddler . ‘ when we were younger , he was a striker and he was a better player than me , ’ revealed allen . ‘ at primary school i played with him and his mates and that gave me a little bit of a head start as they were two years older . ‘ he is profoundly deaf but he speaks so well . i used to sign a little bit but he communicates so well now that i don’t need to . ‘ sibling rivalry is the perfect description of what we had , though . we loved playing against each other but there was a competitive edge to it . it’s a while back but i guess that is where the path all started for me . ‘it’s hard to say whether he would have made it - it is something that i do wonder about . but going out on to the pitch profoundly deaf is a huge disadvantage . so i don’t know . it’s one of those that we will never know the answer to…’ . home these days for allen is the house he shares in chester with his wife lacey and son alfie . inherently private , he was a little embarrassed when lacey posted a photograph on twitter of last year’s birthday present . then again a photograph of a top footballer holding a live chicken is rather unusual . allen poses with a rooster bought for him by his wife for the liverpool midfielder 's 24th birthday . allen 's wife , lacey-jo , shared the snap of allen and his birthday present on twitter last year . allen poses with sean melia , a volunteer at the anfield sports community centre who was present at melwood as a ‘ barclays spirit of the game hero’ . ‘ it was just a “ what do you get the guy who has everything ? ” kind of present , ’ laughed allen , fidgeting rather uncomfortably in his chair . ‘ my wife is a big animal lover and it was , yeah , my surprise present . it has got a name but i’m not telling you ! we already had a couple of chickens and this is a cockerel . that was the point of it really . in the dressing room , it’s a bit of a random one . ‘ i keep my private life private and i guess that was a rare insight . we didn’t realise what impact it would have but it was harmless enough . ’ allen was rather more comfortable when the conversation returned to football and , in particular , wales’s weekend win in israel that left chris coleman’s team at the top of their qualifying group for euro 2016.allen was in cardiff’s millennium stadium in 2004 when mark hughes’s team lost a play-off to russia . now he wants to make some history with his country and finish off the work started by one of his early national coaches , the late gary speed . allen is keen to make history with wales and finish the work started by former manager , the late gary speed . ‘ his presence is still there for everyone , ’ allen said poignantly . ‘ he began this journey for us and his big dream was for us to qualify . in lots of ways we want to make sure we can do this for someone like gary . ‘ he was a real people person . for a young midfielder going into the squad , he certainly had a huge impact on my career . ‘ it was a huge win for us in israel and we have a great chance now . for me it was the perfect thing to happen after the man united result . ‘that’s the beauty of football . there is always the next game to put things right . ’ allen played in the 3-0 win over israel which took wales to their top of their euro 2016 qualifying group . domestically , liverpool’s opportunity to make amends begins at the emirates tomorrow and continues in lancashire next wednesday with an fa cup quarter-final replay at blackburn . there is still much to aim for at anfield this season and , with gerrard suspended for three games , opportunity continues to knock for one of the next generation . ‘ whatever happened in one game has gone , ’ said allen . ‘ we can start another run and do it again . that has to be our belief and confidence now . ‘ last season we had a similar run . we have to use that to inspire us . if the teams above us do slip up then we will be waiting . ’ joe allen was speaking at a barclays event to inspire the next generation of fans to fall in love with the game . to win barclays premier league tickets and other football experiences search : barclays spirit of the game .