humans may have been lighting fires since we lived in caves and dined on woolly mammoth , but now there’s 21st century way to create a flame . a new lighter uses electricity to ignite , and it’s claimed to be the first flameless gadget of its kind . the device , called the illume arclighter , creates a ‘ super high-intensity’ electrical arc and contains a rechargeable lithium-ion battery so users will never run out of fuel at a tricky moment again . a bright idea : a new lighter ( pictured ) uses electricity to ignite candles and paper for example , and it’s claimed to be the first flameless gadget of its kind . its inventors , based in edmonton , canada , are raising money to put the lighter into production on kickstarter and have almost doubled their goal . instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters , the illume arclighter creates a ‘ super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes . flameless : instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters , the illume arclighter creates a ‘ super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes . its inventors say it lights in any direction and is rechargeable , among other qualities shown above . safer ? instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters , the illume arclighter creates a ‘ super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes . this means there is no flare ups ( pictured ) like with matches or conventional lighters that can easily burn fingers . illume arclighter replaces a traditional flame with a high intensity electric arc that focuses its energy at the tip . it doesn’t need to be refilled with fuel but is instead powered by a rechargeable lithium ion battery . ' simply place the illume arclighter on its dedicated usb powered charging dock and it will be ready for the next moment you need it , ’ the company says . ‘ when electricity jumps between the two conducting electrodes at the tip of the lighter , it produces what is known as an electric arc . ‘ the air between these electrodes becomes ionised , creating the brilliant visual arc which produces the high heat . ' ‘ when electricity jumps between the two conducting electrodes at the tip of the lighter , it produces what is known as an electric arc , ' the company explains . ‘ the air between these electrodes becomes ionised , creating the brilliant visual arc which produces the high heat . ’ while the arc may be smaller than an open flame , it is much hotter , so it lights wicks more quickly and can be used from any angle . the company says : ‘ unlike a regular lighter , there is no flame that can flare-up when positioned upside down . ‘ you can freely use the illume arclighter in any direction . even completely vertically . ' the lighter has flame-proof ceramic tips with a zinc alloy cover and a plastic body . it focuses its heat at the tip so it won’t leave sooty marks behind . convenient : the device ( pictured ) has a built-in lithium ion battery and comes with a usb-powered dock ( also shown ) so it can be easily recharged . the lighter has flame-proof ceramic tips with a zinc alloy cover and a plastic body . the device has a built-in lithium ion battery and comes with a usb-powered dock so it can be easily recharged . the start-up shows the lighter being used to ignite candles , incense , gas stove tops and paper as long as the material fits between the electrodes . the device costs cad $ 40 ( £21 or us $ 32 ) via kickstarter including the charger and cable . it 's expected to ship in november . durable : the device ( pictured ) , called the illume arclighter , contains a lithium-ion battery and can be recharged , meaning that users will never run out of fuel at a tricky moment again .