they are supposed to be a girl 's best friend - or at least her most valuable . but the diamond ring appears to have lost its sparkle according to experts who claim that women are abandoning the traditional jewel in favour of more exotic gems . the huge increase in demand for coloured stones , such as sapphires and rubies , has seen their prices soar . scroll down for video . kate middleton proudly wore a ceylon sapphire once owned by princess diana as her engagement ring . and experts say the trend might prove that diamonds are not forever after all , as the value of the jewels has been vastly overtaken by more fashionable stones . demand has seen the value of some coloured stones increase by more than 2,000 per cent over the last ten years , with leading auctioneers now branding them a better investment than diamonds . celebrities such as kate middleton , who proudly wore a ceylon sapphire once owned by princess diana as her engagement ring , have driven the craze . a-list stars beyoncé , naomi watts , rosamund pike and mila kunis have also played their part by flashing their beloved coloured gems on the red carpet . the number of women picking their own engagement rings is also thought to have had an effect , with men always likely to choose a traditional diamond . while diamonds are still broadly worth more money than softer stones such as emeralds , the increase in price generated by coloured stones in recent years has far overtaken diamonds . a-list stars rosamund pike by flashing beloved coloured gems on the red carpet . as the gems are much rarer than diamonds the surge in demand - especially from asia - has played a significant part in driving up their cost . the surging popularity of coloured stones is one of the reasons leading auctioneers bonhams include them in most sales around the world , alongside diamonds . its auctioneers were delighted when a pair of 1930 cartier art deco ruby and diamond brooches recently sold for £482,500 , far outstripping the presale estimate of £80,000 - £120,000 . a single-stone ring by van cleef & arpels featuring a burmese ruby weighing 13.34 carats , sold for £350,500 to a hong kong buyer , breaking price-per-carat records in the uk last year . jean ghika , head of jewellery in the uk and europe at bonhams , said that as well as being fashionable colured stones are also becoming seen as a sound investment . she said : ' there is a new move towards colour . women are bolder in their choices and looking at alternatives to diamonds when it comes to engagement rings and everyday jewellery . ' women are also in constant pursuit of something truly original , and a coloured stone , where every example is different they are able to have something unique . ' as ever , fashion is partly celebrity-led and we 're seeing some of the world 's biggest stars looking stunning in coloured gemstones on the red carpet . ' actress mila kunis also played her part , seen here wearing ruby jewellery to the jupiter ascending premiere . a ring featuring a sri lankan sapphire weighing 30.08 carats was recently sold by the auctioneers for £326,500 . bonhams said that a near identical ring sold a decade earlier for only £11,950 , equating to a 2,200 per cent increase in price-per-carat . miss ghika added : ' diamonds are typically seen as the more ' robust ' area in the gemstone market in terms of seeing a return on investment . ' but figures over the last decade demonstrate that coloured stones have actually overtaken diamonds in terms of growth . ' a new world record for the most expensive ruby , regarded as the most valuable coloured gem , was set last year when a 8.62 carat burmese stone sold for £5.4million . 