want to know what you 'd look like if you hit the gym and shed a few pounds ? now you can , thanks to a new app that calculates a slimmer version of yourself - without having to do any exercise . ‘ visualize you’ processes an image of you to reveal what you 'd look like if you were thinner - and perhaps inspire you to achieve your weight loss goal . visual health studios in colorado has developed a weight loss app called visualize you . it calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight . shown on the left is tv star james corden at his current weight , 210lbs ( 95kg ) , and on the right he is seen after digitally losing 60lbs ( 27kg ) . a picture of bridesmaids actress melissa mccarthy at an event in february is shown on the left , and on the right the star is seen after digitally losing 50lbs ( 23lbs ) . users are shown an original and a slimmer version , with a slider , so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight . the app , which costs £1.61 ( $ 2.40 ) on android and £1.49 ( $ 1.99 ) on ios for the full version , has been developed by us company visual health solutions inc but with the assistance of major american hospitals . the makers say that it uses algorithms which show the effects of weight loss more effectively than other apps which stretch or pinch images . the app has been developed with the wellness institute of the cleveland clinic , the university of colorado anschutz health and wellness centre , and unitedhealthcare . actor jonah hill , pictured in june 2014 , is seen on the left at his normal weight , and on the right he is shown with a digital weight loss of 60lbs ( 27lbs ) . it asks you to enter your current height and weight and your target weight , giving you flexibility over how ambitious you want to be . weight loss specialist dr charlie seltzer told yahoo health : ‘ visual cues are very helpful for a lot of people . ‘ i will often recommend that people put up pictures of what they want to look like or what they used to look like , provided the body image is healthy . ‘l’d hate for someone to put [ their photo ] in and see themselves not the way they are going to look , and get discouraged and disgruntled that they’re not changing how they’re supposed to . ‘ but my first thought upon hearing about this app , was : `` it sounds like a really good idea . '' ' charlie lankston ( lost 20lbs/9kg ) charlie lankston is seen here before ( left ) and after ( right ) digitally losing 20lbs ( 9kg ) . ' at first , i thought it was great . the `` after '' picture looks pretty realistic , which i wasn’t actually expecting , and it was amazing to see what i could potentially look like with a few more trips to the gym ! ' however , after thinking about it a bit more , i started feeling a slightly ashamed about the size of my actual face . ' realistically , losing 20lbs is actually a pretty tough task , and the likelihood that i’ll be able to achieve it - and attain my `` skinny face '' - any time soon is pretty `` slim '' which doesn’t make me feel too great . ' looks like it’s time to hit the treadmill… ' . erica tempesta ( lost 38lbs/17kg ) erica tempesta is seen here before before ( left ) and after ( right ) digitally losing 38lbs/17kg . ' it was cool to see such a dramatic difference , but i feel as though the app just changed the shape of my face , which isn’t necessarily how i would look nearly 40lbs lighter . ' my face has always been oval , regardless of my size . the app just made my face look longer as if my cheeks were sucked in . ' i chose a somewhat unrealistic target weight , but it was the size i had been in high school , so based on past pictures , i already had an idea of what my face should have looked like with less weight . ' i personally didn’t think the app gave a realistic rendering of weight loss . ' the app allows you to take or upload a photo . you then need to enter your current height and weight , and then also enter your target weight . it will then enable you to ' scroll ' through various weights on your way to your target , to see what you would look like . the app , which costs £1.61 ( $ 2.40 ) on android and £1.49 ( $ 1.99 ) on ios for the full version , has been developed by us company visual health solutions inc but with the assistance of major american hospitals . the makers say that it uses algorithms which show the effects of weight loss more effectively than other apps . visualize you is effectively a reverse version of the popular app ‘ fat booth’ in which users were able to see what they looked like if they were overweight . fat booth was launched in 2010 and has been downloaded 35,000,000 times , earning its creators an estimated £16 million ( $ 24 million ) . opticians and fashion retailers have made use of similar technology to let users virtually try on glasses on their websites . dr michael roizen , chairman of wellness at the cleveland clinic , said : ‘ visualize you is a major step forward in helping people approach weight loss in a more informed , educated and fun manner . ’ dr holly wyatt , associate professor in the department of medicine , division of endocrinology , metabolism , and diabetes at the university of colorado anschutz health and wellness center added : ‘ the app offers individuals a clear-cut end goal for weight loss and provides [ users ] with an important tool to activate and achieve a successful programme . ’ visualize you was released earlier this month and there are free and paid versions of the app which are available for iphone and android .