philip hammond pledged to protect the falklands from ‘ argentinian bullying’ last night as the country began legal action against british companies exploring for oil off the islands . it follows a provocative speech by argentinian president cristina fernandez de kirchner , prompting the foreign office to summon her ambassador for a dressing down . buenos aires responded by accusing three british oil firms of working without permission . the argentine government said it was taking legal action against three british and two us companies for ‘ exploration activities for fossil fuels on the argentine continental shelf without obtaining the corresponding authorisation’ . the legal complaint listed rockhopper exploration , premier oil , falkland oil and gas limited and us firms noble energy and edison international – accusing them of sending a semi-submersible rig to explore a basin 120 miles north of the islands ‘ subjected to the illegitimate british occupation’ . argentina 's president cristina fernandez de kirchner ( centre ) poses with veterans of the 1982 falklands war , during the commemoration of the 33rd anniversary of the conflict last week . it also warned the rig’s owner , greece-based firm ocean rig , that it could face ‘ legal consequences’ over the drilling . the diplomatic row over the fate of the falklands has worsened in recent weeks , after the uk government pledged to invest £180million in the islands’ defences over the next ten years . president fernandez de kirchner last week promised : ‘ we will see the islands form part of our territory again . it’s not just wishful thinking . ’ her remarks came on the 33rd anniversary of argentina’s invasion of the falklands , leading to a conflict that cost 250 british and 650 argentinian lives . last night foreign secretary mr hammond said : ‘ cristina kirchner’s threats against those who do business with the falkland islands are as hollow as they are illegal . the islanders have a perfect right to develop their oil and gas industry – and they can rely on us to protect them from argentinian bullying as they do so . ’ alicia castro , argentine ambassador to the uk , was summoned by the foreign office on wednesday . yesterday , in a tit-for-tat move , argentine deputy foreign minister eduardo zuain summoned the uk ambassador to buenos aires , john freeman , to complain about recent spying revelations by edward snowden . daniel filmus , minister for the malvinas – as argentina calls the falklands – said his government would try to block further oil exploration . ‘ we want the owners of the companies to be tried according to argentine laws and international statutes , ’ he said , adding that this could involve ‘ an argentine judge issuing an arrest warrant against those who operate illegally in argentine waters’ . although falkland residents overwhelmingly voted to stay british in a recent referendum , buenos aires claims the islands and surrounding waters belong to argentina . defence secretary michael fallon , pictured today , last month announced plans to boost the uk 's military defences of the falkland islands . last week , the argentine president and ambassador alicia castro publicly attacked the uk government 's plan to boost defences on the south atlantic islands . mrs kirchner 's government has also suggested that british oil firms could be prosecuted if they start drilling in the waters around the islands without formal permission from argentina . the outspoken argentine president 's latest comments came on april 2 , the 33rd anniversary of the start of the 1982 falklands war . she reportedly said : ' international law and dialogue , not militarisation , are the path to a reunion and sovereignty . ' we will see the islands form part of our territory again . it 's not just wishful thinking . ' but a foreign office spokesman attacked the provocative intervention . he said : ' the uk has no doubt about its sovereignty over the falkland islands and surrounding maritime areas , nor about the falkland islanders ' right to decide their own future . ' we object strongly to recent statements by the argentine president and the argentine ambassador to london and so summoned the ambassador to account for these . ' it came after the british government last week dismissed the threat of prosecution against oil and gas firms working off the falkland islands . three british firms - premier oil , rockhopper exploration and falkland oil & gas - announced that they had found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands , which are claimed by argentina . last month , defence secretary michael fallon said the government was preparing to ' beef up ' defences in the falklands . he said two chinook helicopters and an upgraded surface-to-air missile system will be part of a new defence package for the islands . mr fallon said : ' we 've been reviewing the defence of the falklands , we do that every so often , and i 'm going to be announcing to parliament later today how we are going to beef up the defences there , how we are going to modernise our defences , and to reassure the islanders that we are absolutely committed to their right to remain british and to the defence of the islands ... ' we are absolutely committed to defending the falklands . the threat to the falklands has not gone away . ' he said ' modernising what we are doing ' in the falklands was a response to the threat of russia . ' russia has changed . we hoped russia would be a partner to us – a normal trading partner that respected the rules of the international system , but it 's turned out that russia is directly competing against and is becoming much more aggressive in lots of different parts of the world , and we have to respond to that . ' 