a 103-year-old deckchair recovered from the wreck of the titanic is expected to fetch around £80,000 at auction . the chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank after hitting an iceberg on its maiden voyage in 1912 . it was found bobbing on the surface of the atlantic by the crew of the mackay-bennett , who were sent to recover the bodies of the victims after the tragedy . a 103-year-old deckchair recovered from the wreck of the titanic is expected to fetch around £80,000 at auction . the ship 's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in halifax , nova scotia . one was given by a crew member to captain julien lemarteleur , who had previously worked on board the mackay-bennett . it has since been owned for 15 years by an english titanic collector who kept it by a large window overlooking the sea at his home on the south coast . the anonymous owner has never sat on it due to its fragile state and instead used it as a display item . andrew aldridge , of auctioneers henry aldridge and son , described the piece as one of ' the most important [ bits ] of titanic memorabilia around ' . he said : ' it is incredibly rare to find something of that size that was on titanic , was salvaged and that still exists today . six or seven recovered deckchairs were stacked on the deck of the mackay-bennett as it arrived in nova scotia . titanic ( above ) sank with the loss of 1,522 lives four hours after it struck on iceberg at 10.20pm on april 14 . ' you would not use it for practical purposes but have it on display . it would make a great conversation piece . ' there were a couple of thousand deckchairs on board titanic and many of them were found floating on the wreck site . ' we have been able to access the mackay-bennett 's log book , which confirmed the crew not only picked up deckchairs but that the ship 's carpenter spent time repairing some of them on the way back to halifax . ' the chair is made of teak wood and has an adjustable footrest at the front . it is 57 inches long , 23 inches wide and 35 inches tall . it has a five pointed star on top of it , which was the emblem of white star line - the company that owned the titanic . it has a five pointed star on top of it , which was the emblem of white star line - the company that owned the titanic . upon his death in 1973 , capt lemarteleur gave the chair to colleague captain robin lee . the current owner acquired it in 2001 . being sold with the chair is an in depth ' provenance package ' that authenticates history and association with titanic . captain julien lemarteleur ( above ) , who collected the chair from the mackay-bennett more than 100 years ago . it includes a signed affidavit from margarete pennington , who was mr lemarteleur 's housekeeper in the 1960s . in it she states : ' i personally saw the deckchair that captain lemarteleur told me about on many occasions . he said that various pieces of debris taken from the ocean including this titanic deckchair he acquired . ' i recognise the chair as the same chair i saw in the captain 's garage and of which the captain identified as coming from the titanic . ' craig sopin , 57 , a lawyer from philadelphia , owns one of the world 's largest collections of titanic memorabilia . he also authenticated the chair and said : ' it is n't often that one has the opportunity to acquire such an important part of titanic 's story . ' for such a significant item to have such a meticulous chain of custody is nothing short of astonishing . its history can be traced from the auction house back to titanic itself . ' titanic sank with the loss of 1,522 lives four hours after it struck on iceberg at 10.20pm on april 14 . a ship , the carpathia , picked up more than 700 survivors in lifeboats hours later and took them back to new york . white star line chartered four ships , including the halifax-based cable-laying vessel the mackay-bennett , to recover the bodies . the deckchair is being sold in devizes , wiltshire on april 18 . march 31 , 1909 : construction work on titanic begins in belfast harbour . may 31 , 1911 : titanic is first launched in front of an audience of 100,000 people . april 10 , 1912 : titanic departs southampton around noon with 922 passengers on board . minutes later , it narrowly avoids colliding with two ships , new york and oceanic . 4pm : 274 passengers embark at cherbourg , france . 8pm : titanic leaves cherbourg , bound for queenstown , ireland . april 11 : the ship arrives at cork , ireland , around 11.30am . 1:30pm : titanic departs from ireland after picking up 113 more passengers and sets off for america . april 14 : titanic 's crew are warned by other ships of drifting icebergs . 11:40pm : the ship 's lookout spots an iceberg immediately ahead and warns the captain , but it is too late . titanic collides with it and begins taking on water . april 15 : titanic suddenly starts sinking faster around 2.20am , plunging more than a thousand people into the freezing cold water . 4am : first ship arrives after an earlier sos call from titanic , saving 710 people . september 1985 : the wreck of titanic is found .