a plane carrying former england rugby captain lewis moody was forced to make an emergency landing in the arctic . as poor visibility struck between svalbard and ice camp barneo on saturday , the pilot made the decision to bring the plane down , and due to the bumpy landing the aircraft 's undercarriage was damaged . moody , 36 , who is undertaking a 100km trek to the north pole to raise £250,000 for charity , and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident . former england rugby captain tweeted before the plane took off from svalbard to ice camp barneo , where the trek began . according to organisers headnorth , the team were rescued from the remote site by a helicopter , which took the passengers to their camp to start their trek the next day . the famous captain is part of a team of nine sportsmen and royal marines attempting a ten-day expedition to the highest point on earth . the team will battle extreme temperatures of between -25c and -50c as well as dragging 60kg sledges . a statement by headnorth on their blog said : ' due to poor visibility en route from svalbard to ice camp barneo , where the trek will begin , the team 's plane had to make an emergency landing earlier today . england 's lewis moody , right , scores the first try with uruguay 's diego aguirre on ground during the rugby world cup match in brisbane , australia , sunday nov. 2 , 2003 . england won the match 111-13 . a twitter update confirmed that lewis and his trekker team mates were unharmed and continuing with their charitable mission . ' all the team are safe and well , although the plane 's undercarriage suffered some damage . ' a helicopter was dispatched to the landing spot to collect the trekkers and take them the rest of the journey to their start point at 1 degree from the north pole . ' they have now arrived in barneo and are in good spirits , ready to start their epic journey tomorrow . ' it is hoped the ten-day 100km trek to the north pole will raise £250,000 for the lewis moody foundation as well as the royal marines charitable trust . the retired flanker is completing the challenge alongside team mates gary wright , charlie birkett and yves damette from yachting company y.co , rugby world cup winners danny grewcock mbe , josh lewsey mbe , royal marines wayne hoyle and james nightingale and expedition leader , accomplished polar explorer alan chambers mbe . it is hoped the trek will raise £250,000 for the lewis moody foundation as well as the royal marines charitable trust .  