the man who threw a banana peel at dave chappelle on monday night denies he is racist , claiming it was ' just a joke ' . defending his actions , christian englander added that he threw another at a second black man just two days later - insisting that was also a joke . ' i 'm sorry that my joke was misconstrued as a racial attack on dave chappelle , ' the 30-year-old artist told the albuquerque journal . the second , he threw because the ' irony of this situation is too much to pass up ' . englander was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery during chapelle 's show in new mexico . on thursday , he claims to have hurled another banana peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a santa fe bar . scroll down for video . struck again : christian englander , 30 , has thrown a banana peel at a black man for the second time in one week . he was arrested on monday for hurling one at dave chappelle . on thursday he struck again at a bar . not amused : santa fe police say a man tossed a banana peel at dave chappelle during a show in new mexico monday , hitting in the comedian in the leg . here chappelle performs last summer . chappelle was performing a comedy routine at the lensic theater in santa fe when a banana peel struck him . according to englander , his first attack came after chappelle mocked his friend 's name ' johnny appleseed ' . police said the 30-year-old , from santa fe , appeared to be drunk as he sat near the stage . according to tmz , englander thought chappelle 's quips were racist , so he decided to throw the peel , which he had in his pocket . he had allegedly eaten the banana at a convenience store before the show , and washed it down with a shot of the alcoholic beverage 99 bananas . after the attack , he was escorted out of the venue . on thursday , he became embroiled in a fight with a man called jay wills , oregon live reports . wills was allegedly upset about englander 's attack on chappelle , and the two engaged in a heated argument , which was not reported to the police . englander has not been charged with the reported attack . racial attack : chappelle told police englander did not seem remorseful , and he believed the banana attack was racially motivated . englander was in jail tuesday , and dobyns said she did n't know whether he has an attorney to speak on his behalf . chappelle has had his share of run-ins with audience members in the past . fueled up : englander said he ate the banana and washed it down with a shot of 99 bananas liquor before the show . in a 2013 gig in hartford , connecticut , chappelle shut down his act after 10 minutes because of heckling . known for his sharp commentary on race relations in america , chappelle has gradually resumed his stand-up career in the past two years , making a long-awaited return after abruptly abandoning a popular comedy central show in 2005 . court documents indicate that following his arrest monday night , christian englander ' appeared unapologetic and made several statements that appeared to be racially motivated . ’ a criminal complaint cited by the albuquerque journal states that while smiling and laughing , englander said : ' maybe i should have handed you [ chappelle ] the banana instead . ' chappelle told police it seemed that his attacker was not remorseful and that the banana toss was ' racially motivated , ' according to the complaint . the 41-year-old comedian indicated that he wanted to press charges against englander . once englander was removed from the venue , chappelle resumed his routine but spent the remainer of his set harping on the fruit fracas . ‘ first i 'm going to kill him with my comedy then i 'm going to kick him in his f***ing face , ’ he said , according to an audio recording made by an audience member and shared online . ‘ by the way , these are empty threats . ’ he later expressed a desire to hurl a tuna casserole in his assailant 's face and to choke the life out of him - but noted that he would n't do it because it 's against the law . the famed comedian took issue with the fact that the fruit hurled at him was not even fresh and marveled at the fact that someone would carry a banana peel in their pocket . ‘ why did n't he throw a good banana at me ? just the brown peel ? where 's the rest of it ? i am actually offended by the poor quality of the banana . it was brown , man , ’ he was quoted as saying by the news blog newscastic . but the pugnacious performer said he was not surprised that it happened to him . ‘ i wish i could be , “ i ca n't believe this is happening , ” but in all honestly , i 've been expecting that banana for many years , ’ chappelle told the crowd . ‘ i just did n't know tonight was going to be the night . ' the former comedy central star also used the incident to gently rib the popular comedy duo key and peele , who currently have a sketch show on the cable network . ‘ key and peele probably did that s*** , ’ he joked , referring to the banana throw . ‘ key and banana peel . ’ chappelle is expected to carry on his comedy tour , performing a show in el paso , texas , tuesday night . not impressed : the famed comedian took issue with the fact that the fruit hurled at him was not even fresh . 