she embraced him , thanked him , held his hand and forgave him . holocaust survivor eva kor had waited 70 years for a moment such as this – and now , at last , she was face to face with a former ss man on trial for his alleged part in the slaughter at auschwitz . oskar groening looked startled at first , then smiled . he placed a kiss on her cheek and listened to the words of the 81-year-old woman who , with her twin sister , was once the subject of josef mengele’s monstrous human experiments . embrace : seventy years after auschwitz was liberated , eva kor embraces former nazi guard oskar groening . redemption : holocaust survivor kor takes the hand of groening as he stands in the dock accused of complicity to murder 300,000 people . auschwitz survivor eva kor has spoken of how infamous josef mengele stood over her bed and laughed after she was injected with a ' deadly germ ' . groening ( pictured ) described in chilling detail wednesday how cattle cars full of jews were brought to the auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers . groening , who worked for an insurance company after the war , has testified as a witness in other nazi trials . the extraordinary moment of reconciliation took place as the 93-year-old former death camp clerk – known as the bookkeeper of auschwitz – prepared to listen to mrs kor’s evidence in a trial that could condemn him to die in jail . she claims groening was so overwhelmed by her unexpected gesture that he fainted . mrs kor was criticised by other victims and their families for her public forgiveness . ‘ not only criticism , ’ she said . ‘ they called me a traitor . ’ but she explained : ‘ as long as we understand my forgiveness that the victim has a right to be free , you can not be free from what was done to you unless you remove from your shoulder the daily burden of pain and anger and forgive the nazis – not because they deserve it , but because i deserve it . ‘ when i talk to survivors , and i say why on earth does my forgiveness hurt you , they have no answers . i guess victims like to have more victims ; the bigger the crowd , the better . i don’t understand it . ‘ the victims , 70 years after liberation , with 300 others , they were all talking about their experience , falling apart – “ poor me… what have they done to me ? ” ‘ i don’t forget what they have done to me . but i am not a poor person – i am a victorious woman who has been able to rise above the pain and forgive the nazis . ’ when she approached him before the hearing , she held her arms outstretched towards his – and this most unlikely pair became locked in an embrace . recovery : miriam and eva kor as shown in a 1949 photo . eva kor and her twin sister miriam were among the 1,500 twins ( amounting to 3,000 children ) dr. josef mengele experimented on in auschwitz . ss sergeant oskar groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp . asked yesterday why she had hugged him , she said it had not been planned and added : ‘ i wanted to thank him for having some human decency in accepting responsibility for what he has done . ‘ i was always interested in meeting him face to face because i believe that there is a human interaction that i can not predict and no one else can predict . ’ mrs kor later tweeted : ‘ i met oskar groening , introduced myself reached to shake his hand-he grabbed my arm & fainted-i screamed 4 help . it was a strange reaction ! ! ’ she said groening bore responsibility for helping to run the wartime concentration camp – but urged him to spend his last days teaching others about the evil of nazism . in a moving interview on bbc radio 4’s today programme she continued : ‘ he is 93 years old . putting him in jail is absurd . but he can do some good…’ . mrs kor travelled more than 4,000 miles from home in indiana , us , to the hearing in luneburg , germany . groening was known as the ' bookkeeper of auschwitz ' because it was his responsibility to collate and ship the valuables of the doomed back to the ss in berlin . josef mengele ( 1911-1979 ) , the notorious nazi german physician , in an image taken from from nazi hunter : the wiesenthal file , by alan levy . her family had been among hundreds of thousands deported in cattle trucks from hungary and romania to death camps such as auschwitz . groening’s job at the camp was to collect and tally money stolen from the new arrivals and then send it to berlin . he denies being an accessory to the murder of at least 300,000 jews there but has begged forgiveness for what he called his ‘ moral guilt’ . it was at the camp that the ten-year-old eva and her twin sister miriam were singled out by mengele for his grotesque genetic experiments . being chosen ‘didn’t mean the person was assured a life’ , she said . ‘ it meant you were not immediately taken to the gas chamber . ’ she told how she had to stay alive for the sake of her twin sister . she knew if she had died , it would effectively sentence her sister to death – one twin without the other would have been useless for the experiments . survivors from auschwitz ( pictured ) , who are plaintiffs in the case , travelled from the united states , canada , hungary and elsewhere to attend groening 's trial . between may 16 and july 11 , 1944 , groening was on duty when 450,000 hungarian jews were transported there , with 300,000 being gassed just after arrival . pictured , auschwitz survivors . she said : ‘ she would have been killed immediately , and mengele would have done comparative autopsies . so i spoiled their experiment . i survived . ’ mengele used 1,500 sets of twins in his experiments , and only an estimated 180 to 250 individuals survived . mrs kor described how she was injected with a ‘ deadly germ’ that she still can not identify . ‘ mengele stood by my bed and was laughing sarcastically after reading my fever charts and saying i had only two weeks to live . for those following two weeks i have only one single memory : crawling on the barrack floor and trying to reach a faucet ( tap ) at the other end of the barrack for some water . ‘ as i was crawling and fading out of consciousness , i kept saying to myself , “ i must survive” . and i did . ’ mrs kor said she asked the defendant if he knew mengele . ‘ he told me no . ’ she also asked if he knew what happened to the files mengele kept on the twins he subjected to experiments . those files , she said , ‘ have disappeared from the face of the earth’ . she added : ‘ i still don’t know what was injected into my body , and i don’t know what was injected into my twin sister’s body , who died 20 years ago , nor into the bodies of any of the other twins . ’ appealing for any information about the files , she said miriam’s kidney failed in 1987 and although she donated one of her own , miriam subsequently died . ‘ i believe in this big world we have talked so much about human rights that i should have the human right to find out what they injected into me 70 years ago . ’ groening told the court on tuesday that he is ' morally guilty ' but not directly responsible for any deaths . 