it has long been a complaint that all politicians are the same . now the green party has set it to music , with a new election advert featuring david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband . the video , complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change , is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration . the video begins with ' david cameron ' playing a white grand piano , with ' ed miliband ' looking on . it sees mr cameron entering a polling booth and telling voters how ' a vote for me 's the same as a vote for any of us guys ' . the advert is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration . the song , change the tune , features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband called coalition . according to the green party , the quartet ' sing in harmony about their shared love of austerity and fondness for fracking ' . it sees mr cameron tell voters how ' a vote for me 's the same as a vote for any of us guys ' . the chorus includes the lyrics : ' it 's sweeter when we all agree , a party political harmony . lose your voting inhibitions . join the one true coalition . ' it also takes a swipe at the background of leading politicians , with the verse : ' the choice between us could n't be clearer , oxford ! cambridge ! diversity for ya , whether it 's trident or high speed two , the lesser of four evils is up to you . ' notably the video , which last 3minutes , 40 seconds , does not feature green leader natalie bennett at all . with the party leaders forming a boyband called coalition , the video is complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change . dancing around a large pound sign , the four leaders are shown singing : ' austerity ! austerity ! austerity ! ' green party leader natatlie bennett said she wanted to show how the establishment parties ' have been singing from the same hymn sheet ' . the chorus includes the lyrics : ' it 's sweeter when we all agree , a party political harmony . lose your voting inhibitions . join the one true coalition ' . she has suffered a series of difficult media appearances in recent weeks , including claiming people who join isis should not be criminalised , struggling to make her housing sums add up and admitting it could take decades to implement her ' citizen 's income ' . despite the gaffes , the green party has enjoyed a sharp rise in popularity in the last year and now boasts more members than both the lib dems and ukip . unveiling the new advert , ms bennett said : ' for many years the establishment parties have been singing from the same hymn sheet . ' the westminster consensus – which sees all other parties sign up to austerity economics , privatisation of our public services and inaction on climate change – is coming to an end . the green party is offering a real alternative to business-as-usual politics . ' we want an economy that works for everyone , not just those at the top . that means bringing in a living wage of £10 an hour by 2020 and fair taxes on rich individuals and britain 's biggest corporations . ' voting green on may 7th is a chance for people to play their part in breaking open the political harmony of the establishment parties . ' 