a pensioner who went into hospital and came home to find her possessions had been cleared out has criticised her son who she says ' did n't think i was going to make it ' . pamela clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow in battle , sussex . but the 92-year-old 's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house and allowed charity age uk to clear it out . her beloved dog mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary and later re-homed . after returning to find the house empty , the great-grandmother has criticised the charity and her family . scroll down for video . pamela clothier had to retrieve her possessions after she returned from hospital to find her house cleared . the 92-year-old says the worst thing was losing her dog , mitzy , who was given to a local animal sanctuary . mrs clothier said : ' my son peter did n't think i was going to make it , so he just upped and tried to sell everything . i ca n't believe he could be so cruel . ' she added : ' they left me with nothing . all my furniture was gone , all my diaries , books , clothes , everything . the worst thing is that i ca n't get my dog back either . ' she spoke about the incident after age uk offered her an ' insulting ' £1,000 compensation . she said : ' they did get me some of my furniture back , and i have been able to get more things from my friends , but i still feel like it 's not my home any more . ' in my day i would have knocked the spots off anybody , but now i 'm absolutely demolished . ' mrs clothier has lived alone since her bomber command hero husband clyde passed away in 1991 . the fiercely independent nonagenarian added : ' i loved my home - it had masses of memories . i 've got nothing now , not even my dog . ' peter made up his mind that selling my property was the thing to do , and he got rid of the furniture that was clogging up the place . i was left effectively having to start my life over again . ' pamela clothier says she was horrified when a charity cleared out her belongings without her permission . she said she did not explicitly permit the organisation to remove her belongings and wanted them back . the pensioner is calling for a change in the law to make it more difficult for charities to act in such a way without the homeowner 's permission . ' i 'm 92-years-old and i 'm in a house which is almost empty , ' said mrs clothier told the bbc 's south east today . ' all the work i 've done , all the knitting and sewing i 've done , all the things i 've made are gone . it 's just like i did n't exist , ' she added through tears . mrs clothier 's son peter insists she knew what was happening and he saved many of her things . she said she was horrified the charity had carried out her son 's instruction without checking with her first . ' i think they should be absolutely certain that the person who 's holding the key has the right to be doing what they 're doing . ' her son , peter clothier , said his mother knew to expect her things would be cleared as they had made arrangements for her to move out of the home . ' everything was done in negotiation with her , while she was in hospital i would visit with an ipad to show her the rooms and we negotiated what was going to be done , what would be kept and thrown out , ' mr clothier told mailonline . ' she was going to move into a home temporarily and then she was going to move into a flat . ' while she was in hospital i redecorated the house and she put it on the market but when she returned she decided she would rather stay . i did in fact save a lot of her things . ' while mrs clothier was in care two years ago a driver from age uk visited the property to collect her things . the charity has apologised for her ordeal and said it had reviewed its procedures since . ' we were advised that mrs clothier wanted to make a donation of furniture , small items and clothing , as she was moving into a nursing home and her property was to be sold , ' a spokesman told mailonline . when they learned she wanted her possessions back , age uk say they invited her to collect them . ' mrs clothier attended our premises and took back the items she wanted . we feel we acted fairly in this situation and received donations in good faith at the request of her family member . ' we have never had an incident like this before or since . however , since this incident we have reviewed our procedures to minimise this happening again . ' the 92-year-old said her home in battle , east sussex now feels empty with so few of her possessions left . charities are legally able to remove the contents of an elderly person 's home without checking with them if they have been expressly told to do so by a relative . but critics say more should be done to protect the elderly and their assets . ' we share ms clothier 's outrage that her lifelong possessions have been stripped from her home without her permission , ' said john beer , chairman of action on elder abuse . ' this is yet another example of the sickening financial abuse that older people in the united kingdom face day in , day out . '