a kansas man was sentenced monday to four years and two months in prison for beheading another man with a guitar string after a plea deal that prosecutors said they accepted because of problems with the case . james paul harris , 30 , originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old james gerety , but pleaded no contest in december to involuntary manslaughter . the victim 's brother , tom gerety , called the justice system ' a joke ' after learning how long harris would serve . light punishment : james paul harris ( left ) , 30 , pleaded no contest in december to involuntary manslaughter in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old james gerety ( right ) . on monday , a judge sentenced harris to four years and two months . but osage county attorney brandon jones said pursuing the more serious charge posed challenges because of problems with evidence and key witnesses . a former girlfriend testified a year ago that harris told her he shot gerety in the stomach , tortured him for two days , then cut off his head . prosecutors allege harris kept gerety 's head for months for some type of religious practice , identified earlier as voodoo . part of the skull was found in march 2012 in rural osage county on land where harris ' father lived . ' you can murder somebody and get out in 50 months , ' tom gerety said , according to the topeka capital-journal . ' what 's that tell everybody on the wrong side of the law ? ' other than a portion of the victim 's skull , prosecutors did not have the victim 's body , the murder weapon had not been recovered , not all of the prosecution 's witnesses were available , and prosecutors faced ' credibility issues ' with a major witness , jones said . ' it was going to be a tough case to prosecute , ' jones said . harris declined to say anything during the sentencing . the judge asked if tom gerety wanted to say anything . ' it would n't do any good , ' mr gerety replied . thomas henderson , an attorney who handled gerety 's social security payments , testified at a march 2014 preliminary hearing that he reported gerety missing in april 2011 after he failed to pick up his payments . outraged : the victim 's brother , tom gerety ( pictured ) said the justice system is ' a joke , ' and that the light sentence sends the wrong message . henderson said gerety planned to live with james harris in carbondale , 18 miles south of topeka . bobbie williams , harris ' former girlfriend , testified in court that the defendant told her he killed gerety using a guitar string , disposed of the body , but kept the head in a bag for himself . another witness at that hearing , topeka police detective brian hill , said that during questioning after his arrest , harris told him that he kept the victim 's head in a canvas bag with a draw string . hill testified that harris spoke to the head , and had an active interest in voodoo and practiced it . according to harris ' former girlfriend , harris told her that he had shot the victim in the stomach and then tortured him for two days at their topeka house . after he had finished with his brutal treatment of gerety , harris then decapitated him with the string , according to williams ' testimony . then , harris is said to have put gerety 's torso , arms and legs in a barrel and burried it on land owned by his father , jeff harris in osage county . gerety 's skull was recovered on march 24 , 2012 , at jeff harris ' home by his girlfriend , shirley johnson . she had been on the hunt for mushrooms when she found a ball barely buried and brought it inside to show harris ' father , who promptly called the police and his son was arrested . harris was in federal custody on unrelated charges when a warrant was issued in october 2013 and he was placed on hold for kansas authorities . 