it is a common fear , known as trypanophobia . for around 20 per cent of the population , the thought of going to the doctors for an injection invokes a deep-rooted sense of dread . many avoid the doctor 's surgery altogether , leaving themselves open to the risk of various illnesses and infections . but for those terrified of needles , a team of scientists at rice university in houston , may have the answer . they have developed a new device , comfortably numb , to ease the pain of an injection . their invention numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin . scroll down for video . comfortably numb is a new , single-use device that eases the pain of an injection by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin within 60 seconds . three first year students , ( from l-r ) mechanical engineer mike hua , bioengineer andy zhang and computer scientist greg allison , came up with the invention , they describe as ' simple and elegant ' . the trio , made up of computer scientist greg allison , bioengineer andy zhang and mechanical engineer mike hua , currently has a functioning prototype , that has produced a numbing effect in just 60 seconds . ' our device is 3d printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water , ' mr hua said . ' a simple twisting motion moves the chambers into alignment to allow the chemicals to flow through the chamber to produce a rapid endothermic reaction . ' we then numb the skin by contacting the device 's metal surface to the patient 's skin . ' current solutions are either ineffective because they fail to numb the skin adequately , or take too long , the researchers said . they noted that a commonly used medicated topical patch takes about an hour to work , whereas their new device ' works on the order of seconds and minutes ' , mr zhang said . ' we are targeting anyone who has to get an injection , which is nearly everyone , ' mr allison said . ' but the device is especially applicable to people who are more susceptible to pain . ' as such , he said , it is particularly useful for children and the elderly . and , it is intended for use during procedures ' where you have to get shots in more sensitive areas of the body , such as the face or the groin ' , he added . the team designed the device to be single-use , rather than reusable to avoid the difficulties of cleaning it and resetting the device . it costs around $ 2 ( £1.34 ) to produce , they said . the trio said the device could also be used to ease the pain of ear piercings and tattooing , and help reduce swelling . ' we looked into all sorts of methods for numbing , both quick and long-term , chemicals , using ice packs - which is similar to what we 're using now , ' mr hua said . the device is 3d printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water . a simple twisting motion moves the chambers into alignment to allow the chemicals to flow through the chamber to produce a rapid endothermic reaction . the skin can then be numbed by contacting the device 's metal surface to the patient 's skin . within 60 seconds the patient 's skin is numb and they can have an injection without experiencing pain . ' we explored everything that surrounded the problem before we even began brainstorming . ' ' at the end of the day , what we 're creating is a self-contained device with a very cold contact surface , and there are many applications for that , ' mr allison added . some of the solutions the trio researched were highly technical and required a materials science degree , or skills the first-year students had not yet learned . ' that 's the kind of amazing thing about our project , ' mr allison said . ' because we do n't have these incredibly refined skills in certain areas , that meant we had to think of very simple solutions . ' being limited in that way led to something that is very novel and innovative , but at the same time , simple and elegant . ' the team designed the device to be single-use , rather than reusable to avoid the difficulties of cleaning it and resetting the device . mr zhang , said : ' the materials that we use are relatively inexpensive and found in abundance : plastic , rubber and metal . the team from rice university in houston said the device could be used in future for those having tattoos , or people wanting to get their ears pierced without suffering the pain . ' the materials for one of these cost about a quarter , and then we just had to do estimates based on how much manufacturing would cost . ' we compared our device to similar things already in production , and we 've estimated the cost at about $ 2 ( £1.34 ) . ' the team is currently in the process of applying for a provisional patent for the device , and the students hope to continue their work together in their spare time when they return to rice in their second year . ' as a team , we just want to follow the project , because we think it has a lot of potential . i think that 's what drew us to this specific project , ' mr allison said . ' we have n't really discussed yet whether we 're going dedicate to making this a company , but it 's something we 're open to . '  