brendan rodgers has insisted that raheem sterling will be going nowhere this summer and that he is ' relaxed ' about the star 's stalled contract talks . the liverpool manager was reacting after the 20-year-old admitted in a television interview that he is not yet ready to sign the new £100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club , fuelling speculation that he could leave anfield this summer . but although rodgers admitted the interview was conducted without the club 's consent and ' surprised us all ' , he said sterling was still young and ' sometimes makes mistakes ' . he added that liverpool were a ' superpower ' in world football and did n't have to sell their star assets before saying that sterling just has to ' concentrate on his football ' . raheem sterling looks relaxed during liverpool 's training session on thursday morning despite uncertainty over his future at the club following revelations made in a tv interview . sterling shakes hands with his manager brendan rodgers during the melwood training session . sterling appeared to give his manager a pat on the back as they talked during training . rodgers issues instructions to sterling as liverpool prepare for saturday 's match with arsenal . sterling 's comments in the bbc interview have heightened speculation he will depart anfield this summer . sterling admitted he was ' flattered ' by interest from arsenal as his contract talks are put on hold . sterling and daniel sturridge share a joke on the training ground during thursday morning 's session . the players were in a relaxed mood despite the continued speculation over sterling 's future at the club . the england international cast doubt on his liverpool future in an interview with the bbc . sterling himself looked relaxed as he trained at melwood on thursday morning , sharing a joke with daniel sturridge as rodgers and his staff put the team through its paces ahead of the premier league trip to the emirates to face arsenal . sterling also shook hands with his manager as the players reconvened after the international break . and in his press briefing ahead of the arsenal match , rodgers said : ' the concentration a few weeks back was to purely focus on his football , and help him continue with his development at the place he’s made great strides over last couple of years . ' the last time we sat down with the player and his representatives that was the intention . ' raheem has come out and made his feelings clear on that , and hopefully will continue to focus on his football until the end of the season . ' what he said absolutely underpins everything we’re trying to achieve here . raheem says his ambition is to win trophies , and that’s perfectly aligned with what we’re trying to do . ' rodgers added : ' this is liverpool , one of the great clubs of the football world . it is an honour for him to play at a club like liverpool and he understands that . ' what he’s saying is that he’s got two-and-a-half years left ; he’s quite relaxed as i am , he just wants to concentrate on football . sterling trains alongside brazilian philippe coutinho as the liverpool team get ready for saturday 's match . ' i 'm quite relaxed on it . it 's part of the modern game . people who look after players have different ways of working . ' the focus is purely on the football . he has been involved with the first team for two-and-a-half years and is the player he is today is because of this environment and what we’ve created . ' he 's got a lot of improvement to do and this is the best place for him to do it . ' he 's not going anywhere in the summer . the focus on trying to make him the best player we can . ' when asked whether money talked in situations like this , rodgers replied : ' this club has shown that’s not the case . liverpool is one of the superpowers of football and the owners have made it clear and we’ve seen it before that money doesn’t come into it . ' if the club doesn’t want to sell it won’t sell . that’s that case with any player , raheem or anybody else . 'it’s about continuing to nurture a young player so he can be consistently playing at the top if his game . ' for raheem it’s purely about the football and he’s made it clear that he’s happy here . trying to put off all the talk . he’s a boy who loves his football . he understands and respects the opportunity that he’s had . ' still has two-and-a-bit years left of his deal so it’s not something we’re overly concerned about . hopefully we’ll get it sorted out . ' sterling and emre can leap during one of the training ground exercises on thursday morning . sterling takes his turn on the ladders as liverpool prepare for saturday 's vital match against arsenal . rodgers did concede that the interview was carried out without the club 's permission : ' there was no permission by the club , it was something that surprised us all . 'he’s a young player who has to learn and sometimes they makes mistakes . our relationship is strong . he will learn as time goes on . we all make mistakes , especially when you’re young . england international sterling confessed in the bbc interview that he was ' quite flattered ' to be linked with arsenal and added that he used to dream of playing abroad . despite turning down the six-figure contract , described by rodgers a few weeks ago as an ' incredible offer ' , sterling insisted he is not a money-grabber . ' it 's not about the money at all , ' sterling said . ' it 's never been about money . i talk about winning trophies throughout my career . that 's all i talk about . ' i do n't talk about how many cars i 'm going to drive , how many houses i 've got . i just purely want to be the best i can be . sterling denied he was a 'money-grabber ' in the interview , saying he was only concerned about football . ' i do n't want to be perceived as a money-grabbing 20-year-old . ' i try to kill it off , but i do n't think the public can see it that way . ' i think they just see it as this 20-year-old boy being greedy . ' i just want to take the time to think about what i 've achieved in my career so far , where i need to go and what i need to do to get better as a player . ' everyone 's dream growing up is seeing themselves in an away kit somewhere in a sunny country . but , in reality , i 'm happy to be playing for liverpool and trying to win trophies . ' liverpool find themselves five points behind manchester united in the battle for the top four places . rodgers organises the footballs during liverpool 's thursday morning training session . mario balotelli , who trained wearing a red and white snood , in action at melwood . lazar markovic tries to run the ball away from lucas during a practice match in thursday 's training . joe allen finds himself sandwiched by mario balotelli and sterling during the game . rodgers shakes the hand of alberto moreno as liverpool get ready for their encounter with arsenal . rodgers gives coutinho a pat on the back as the reds make their preparations for the trip to arsenal . captain steven gerrard pings one of his trademark passes in the training session at melwood . april 4 arsenal ( a ) . april 8 blackburn rovers ( a ) . fa cup sixth round replay . april 13 newcastle united ( h ) . april 18 hull city ( a ) . april 25 west bromwich albion ( a ) . may 2 queens park rangers ( h ) . may 9 chelsea ( a ) . may 16 crystal palace ( h ) . may 24 stoke city ( a ) . ' if , at that point in time [ last season ] , i was offered a contract , i most definitely would have signed straight away , probably for far less money than being said now . ' i just think the timing was a bit off . ' while sterling 's contract negotiations will now be postponed until the summer at least , liverpool need to reignite their top four challenge at the emirates . their ambitions to qualify for next season 's champions league took a hammer blow when they lost 2-1 at home to manchester united before the international break , opening up a five-point gap between the two rivals . rodgers said he had no fresh fitness concerns ahead of the trip to north london . raheem sterling statistics from the present season . 