amid renewed calls for fifa to overturn the controversial decision to hand the 2022 world cup to qatar , new research by the mail on sunday has shown just how much the oil-rich middle east state spent on deals — including legitimate trade deals — in the course of lobbying in the run-up to the 2010 vote . qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the usa in the executive committee ballot . the mos analysis suggests that qatar spent an astonishing £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory . much of this outlay was on goods and services for qatar — including aerospace orders , a football club , sponsorship agreements , land and general exposure . the details are in the accompanying panel . fifa have been called upon to overturn the controversial decision to hand the 2022 world cup to qatar . new research by the mail on sunday has shown just how much the oil-rich middle east state spent on deals — including legitimate trade deals — in the course of lobbying in the run-up to the 2010 vote . there were cash payments made from secret slush funds controlled by mohammed bin hammam . there were also millions of pounds of cash payments made to a huge range of football officials from secret slush funds controlled by qatar’s executive committee member mohammed bin hammam . these payments and swathes of new detail about how bin hammam won the right for qatar to host the event are detailed in a book published last week , the ugly game , by investigative journalists heidi blake and jonathan calvert . former fifa head of security chris eaton has called for any new evidence to be considered by fifa — even though he now works for qatar . and a high-level group of european politicians — the parliamentary assembly of the council of europe — has approved a resolution calling on fifa to re-run the ‘illegal’ bidding process . qatar is the world’s richest country in per capita income and even the £17.2bn is minor compared to the $ 200bn ( £132bn ) budgeted for world cup facilities and supporting infrastructure . where all the money went ... voter : michel platini ( france ) - £14.72bn . spent on : orders for airliners from france-based airbus ; buying psg ; setting up bein sports ; and buying ligue 1 tv rights , following a nov 2010 meeting attended by qatar’s sheik tamin , french president nicolas sarkozy and platini , who admits voting for qatar and says he was encouraged but not forced to do so . michel platini admits voting for qatar and says he was encouraged but not forced to do so at the 2010 vote . nicolas leoz ( paraguay ) - £1.33bn . spent on : energy infrastructure deal agreed between sheik hamad of qatar and paraguay’s president fernando lugo on aug 18 , 2010 after qatar’s fifa executive voter mohamed bin hammam’s planned trip to lobby leoz was replaced with governmental trip . worawi makudi ( thailand ) - £1.23bn . spent on : gas deal arising from meeting , arranged by bin hammam , between key aides to makudi at the thai fa and qatar’s most senior energy official on aug 16 , 2010 in doha . worawi makudi saw money spent on a gas deal arising from a meeting arranged by bin hammam . angel maria villar llona ( spain ) - £150m . spent on : sponsorship of barcelona by qatar airways was one deal brokered via spain’s voting pact with qatar , which later became an open secret , even acknowledged by fifa president sepp blatter . various african and struck-off officials - £99m . spent on : bid budget and miscellaneous expenses . this included cash spent on buying exclusive access to influence confederation of african football voters ( $ 1.8m ) ; meetings to offer $ 1m to the son of struck-off voter adams adamu for staging a dinner ; and costs defending another struck-offer voter , reynald temarii of oceania . julio grondona ( argentina ) - £59m . spent on : allegedly spent clearing the debts of argentina fa ; and unconfirmed sums paid by qatar firm to sponsor november 2010 argentina-brazil friendly in doha . unconfirmed sums were paid by a qatar firm to sponsor the november 2010 argentina-brazil friendly in doha . marios lefkaritis ( cyprus ) - £27m . spent on : piece of land owned by lefkaritis in nicosia by qatar investment firm . lefkaritis doesn’t deny the deal but denies any wrongdoing . ricardo teixeira ( brazil ) - £6.7m . spent on : sponsoring brazil friendlies including against argentina in qatar in 2010 by qatari interests . ricardo teixeira spent on sponsoring brazil friendlies including the argentina game by qatari interests . various officials - £4.8m . spent on : alleged cash bungs by bin hammam from 10 slush funds to a range of football officials from across africa ( $ 5m ) and asia ( $ 1.7m ) among others . issa hayatou ( cameroon ) & jacques anouma ( ivory costa ) - £1m each . spent on : alleged in parliament that they were given grants for no-strings ‘development’ funding . jack warner ( trinidad & tobago ) - £933,000 . spent on : two cash lumps allegedly linked to warner’s support , and then his silence , over corruption . two cash lumps were allegedly linked to jack warner’s support , and then his silence , over corruption . other voters for qatar included chung mong-joon of south korea , whom bin hammam later helped secure honorary fifa vice-presidency , and junji ogura of japan , seen as squeaky clean , who voted for qatar after japan dropped out . bin hammam voted for qatar and the 14th vote is understood to have come from either senes erzik of turkey , whose pm is a close friend of the qatar royals , or hany abo rida of egypt , paid to join bin hammam on campaigning trips .  