five terrorist attacks have been foiled in france since the charlie hebdo massacre in paris , the country 's prime minister manuel valls said today . his chilling words follow the arrest of a 24-year-old student who was allegedly preparing to storm catholic churches with an armoury of weapons including kalashnikov assault rifles . discussing the case of sid ahmed ghlam , mr valls said : ' numerous attacks had already been foiled - five if you take into account the attack which happily did not take place at [ paris suburb ] villejuif ' . chilling : french prime minister manuel valls ( left ) today revealed that five terrorist attacks have been foiled in france since the charlie hebdo massacre in january . mr valls 's comments follow the arrest of 24-year-old student sid ahmed ghlam ( pictured ) who was allegedly preparing to storm catholic churches with an armoury of weapons , including kalashnikov assault rifles . killed : dna evidence also reportedly links ghlam to the murder of aurelie chatelain ( pictured left and right ) , a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor who shot dead in her car in a paris suburb on sunday morning . gathered : this is the student residence where sid ahmed ghlam - a 24-year-old computer science student suspected of plotting imminent attacks on churches in france - had reportedly been living . ghlam , 24 , was caught on sunday after accidently shooting himself in the leg after allegedly murdering aurelie chatelain , a 33-year-old fitness instructor . he was said to be on his way to a number of churches in the paris area , ready to kill as many people as he could . ghlam 's profile was very similar to the three al qaeda and islamic state linked parisians who killed 17 people around the french capital in january . they murdered staff including cartoonists from the anti-muslim satirical magazine charlie hebdo , as well as police officers and four jews , before being killed themselves . attack : five terrorist attacks have been foiled in france since january 's charlie hebdo massacre in paris . tragic : ghalm 's arrest came just hours after the murder of aurelie chatelain ( pictured ) , a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor , who was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car in the paris suburb of villejuif . victim : dna tests reportedly link the arrested man to the murder of ms chatelain ( pictured ) on sunday . police are now hunting for at least two accomplices linked to ghlam , who moved to france in 2009 from algeria , its former north african colony . prosecutors believe ghlam was in contact with an is radical in syria , whom they believe ordered attacks on churches in the paris area . the intelligence has led to mr valls ordered increased security , including police and army patrols , around 178 catholic institutions . ' the threat has never been as high , ' mr valls told france inter radio station . ' we have never had to face this kind of terrorism in our history . ' hundreds of french nationals are said to have joined jihadist ranks in iraq and syria , accounting for almost half the european fighters there , according to report by the french senate . mr valls said 1,573 french citizens or residents have been implicated in ' terror networks ' , 442 of which were currently in syria and 97 of whom had died there . ' i want to remind you that seven french citizens have died while carrying out suicide attacks in syria or iraq , ' mr valls added . 