raheem sterling insists he has not been affected by the criticism of his ongoing contract stand-off with liverpool . the england international has been abused , even by his own fans , over his decision to put deal talks on hold after rejecting an offer worth £90,000-per-week . sterling was even heckled at the club 's recent kit launch , but the 20-year-old , speaking for the first time since his now infamous bbc interview , insists he is immune to the negative comments . raheem sterling says he pays no attention to criticism levelled at him for contract stand-off with liverpool . sterling ( left ) tussles for possession with liverpool team-mate jordan henderson during training on thursday . in an interview with bt sport , sterling said : ' everyone has their opinion on me at this moment in time but i’m just a kid who loves to play football and to try and improve every day and be the best i can be . ' it just goes in one ear and goes out the other . i don’t read anything , don’t look at anything and , for me , it’s all football . i’m genuinely focused on doing my best for this football club . ' sterling is one of europe 's most sought after young players . manchester city , arsenal , chelsea and manchester united all have a genuine interest . real madrdid supremo zinedine zidane admitted the spanish giants were keeping tabs on the youngster , while bayern munich and juventus are monitoring his contract situation . sterling is wanted by all the premier league 's top clubs , as well as real madrid and juventus . nevertheless , sterling , who has scored 11 goals this season , admits there 's still much more to come from him . sterling added : ' i set targets for myself at the start of the season and i’m probably a few goals behind where i wanted to be . 'i’m just taking it in my stride and hopefully in these last few games , the run-in until the end of the season , i can kick on again . i’m still learning and developing so only time will tell . 'i’m my own biggest critic . i don’t need anyone to tell me when i’ve played badly . i know when i’ve done bad , i’m always looking where i could have done better or scored an extra goal . sterling ( left ) is challenged by ron vlaar during liverpool 's defeat by aston villa at wembley last sunday . ' this is the world that we live in . you look at the players like ronaldo and these players are critical on themselves . these are the people that you need to idolise and look up to . 'it’s fallen really nicely for me to play at the highest level . from when i signed at liverpool as a 14 or 15-year-old boy , it was my dream to be at anfield and i was not going anywhere until i’d done that . ' last season was a great season for everyone at this football club . obviously we didn’t start the season as well as we would have liked , we’ve definitely shown qualities and the manager has shown us stats from the start of the year and we’ve probably been one of the better teams in the league . '