with its gabled , late-victorian red-brick exterior and oak-panelled interior , cournswood house could almost be bletchley park , the english country house at the heart of the recent oscar-nominated drama the imitation game , about the cracking of germany 's wartime enigma code . so it is appropriate that at least two of cournswood 's long-term residents have had strong bletchley connections . the first was wartime naval cryptographer and enigma codebreaker dillwyn knox , who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943 . his funeral was attended by many from bletchley park , and a memorial stone to knox can be found bordering the property . cournswood house is in the south of buckinghamshire – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of north dean . bletchley connections : codebreaker dillwyn knox , left , who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943 and right , sharon constancon , who is related to the leon family who once owned bletchley park . and the current owner , businesswoman sharon constancon , is related to the leon family who once owned bletchley park . ' i only discovered this when i went on a visit to bletchley park with my uncle , ' says sharon . ' the leon family donated the building to the government in 1937 for use as a code-breaking centre . ' while both are in buckinghamshire , cournswood house is in the south of the county – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of north dean – while bletchley park is in the town of bletchley in the north , 20 miles away . during the second world war at bletchley park , dillwyn knox led the team that made the first breaks into the code germany was using , and he encouraged alan turing – the subject of the imitation game – in his work there . although knox does not feature in the new movie , he was portrayed by actor richard johnson in the 1996 television film breaking the code , which starred derek jacobi as turing and prunella scales as his wife sara . the pool is in a glasshouse , where vines thrive in the heated environment . a separate glasshouse houses the jacuzzi and a herb garden . cracking mysteries seems to be something knox enjoyed in his private life too , as novelist agatha christie was a good friend and often visited cournswood . ' i fell in love with cournswood house the moment i saw it , ' says sharon , who bought it in 2003 . ' it 's an outstanding property with lots of potential . ' apart from the main house , there are two cottages , offices , a swimming pool , jacuzzi , gym , and woodland with lakes , japanese-style bridges , waterfalls and fountains . the pool is in a glasshouse , where vines thrive in the heated environment . ' the grapes are perfect for making chutney , ' says sharon . a separate glasshouse houses the jacuzzi and a herb garden . price : £4million . location : north dean , buckinghamshire . bedrooms : 5 . unique features : office suite , indoor swimming pool , two cottages , jacuzzi , gym , grass tennis court , former home of wartime codebreaker dillwyn knox . there are five bedrooms , four bathrooms ( two en suite ) and five reception rooms . the large drawing room has high ceilings , ornate cornicing and a fireplace with carved wooden mantel and surround . double doors open on to a triple-tiered terrace , with an open barbecue , that overlooks the lakes and woodlands . in the dining room , solid parquet flooring continues through to the serving room , reached through a pair of oak double doors . the modern kitchen is a chef 's delight , with gaggenau and miele ovens . in the centre is an island incorporating a breakfast bar and storage units . ' i love entertaining and the kitchen offers everything you could possibly want , ' says sharon . the reception hall features a sweeping staircase to the first floor , where there are the bedrooms and bathrooms as well as two dressing rooms and a tv/cinema room . the master bedroom opens on to a circular balcony with stunning views over the gardens , lakes and woods . in the library , still concealed behind one of the wall panels , is knox 's private safe . one of the property 's cottages overlooks the lakes , while the other is on the edge of the woods . ' both cottages are ideal for short- or long-term lets or for staff , friends or family visits , ' says sharon . at the entrance to the property there are electric gates with majestic stone golden eagles perched on top of pillars . ' i 'm moving to downsize , ' says sharon . ' i 'll miss the privacy , security and tranquillity , not to mention the wildlife , such as deer , red kites and ducks . ' hamptons-int.com , 01494 611313 . 