famous italian designers like fendi , gucci and prada may be toted by celebrities such as rihanna , kate moss and katy perry , but few are probably aware of the history behind the brands they wear . a new book has now archived the changing face of italian fashion , from the post-war years to the 21st century . italian glamour : the essence of italian fashion , from the postwar years to the present day , captures the evolution of mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images . model joan olsen ( left ) shows off bold linear prints in an outfit by haute couture designer/artist livio de simone in 1954 . co-author enrico says that italian glamour is not ' sophisticated or artificial ' . the book was compiled by enrico quinto and paolo tinarelli - the two men who were the first to introduce the concept of vintage style in italy . the volume has been compiled by enrico quinto , 51 , and paolo tinarelli , 49 . the two men established the first flea market in rome and were the first to introduce the concept of vintage in italy . enrico revealed that they wanted to honour the italian designers who have helped to make the country a fashion powerhouse . he said : ' the pioneers that have really put italy on the map of international fashion have been emilio pucci in the fifties , missoni and krizia in the sixties , giorgio armani and gianni versace in the seventies and eighties , and dolce & gabbana , prada and gucci in the nineties . ' fifties cover girl ivy nicholson wears emilio pucci in capri , 1953 . the book talks about how the start of many italian fashion powerhouses started out with a real focus on craftsmanship . the book focuses on the humble beginnings of some of the world 's biggest italian brands and how they rose to cultural significance . it looks at how designers such as miuccia prada , giorgio armani and adele casagrande , founder of fendi , have created a legacy within their labels . many italian powerhouses started out with a focus on craftsmanship , using work methods and decorative traditions that were passed down through generations . post-war economic development in the fifties saw the expansion of the advertising industry into high fashion . designers such as alma maria lami constructed clothes that were decorated with a patchwork of ideas and activities . the book also explores momentous periods which truly characterised italian fashion . for example , post-war economic development in the fifties saw the expansion of the advertising industry into high fashion . designers like alma maria lami constructed clothes that were decorated with patchworks of cartoon-like ideas and activities , which subtly influenced buyers . a woman wears a structural suit by fernandi , at a time when italian fashion was beginning to break away from parisian style . in the mid-fifties , emilio frederico schuberth created an outfit which had a removable over-skirt so that the wearer could opt for a straight or flared silhouette . another poignant moment came in the mid-fifties , where italian fashion began to break away from what parisian style dictated . creative directors such as emilio frederico schuberth began to create structurally innovative creations . italian glamour also looks at breakthrough moments for italian fashion , such as one of the first runway showcases in florence , which saw the artistic city overtake paris as the global fashion capital . from that moment on , styles quickly progressed . by the mid-forties , italian designers began to take their inspiration from hollywood femme fatales rather than parisian fashion . religion was also an inspiration , which explains the high-necks and dark tones often seen in that period . the moment italian fashion made its breakthrough , at the grand hall in florence 's palazzo pitti in 1951 . a model is pictured in italy in 1953 . in the mid-forties , italian designers began to take their inspiration from hollywood femme fatales rather than parisian fashion . religion was also an inspiration , which explains the high-necks and dark tones . model liliana mongini wears germana marucelli in january 1950 . marucelli was the first italian post-war designer - her designs were on several occasions interpreted by christian dior . in fact , parisian fashion soon began to follow the lead of italian innovators . germana marucelli was the first italian post-war designer , and her designs were , on several occasions , interpreted by frenchman christian dior . the book also examines how trends developed over the years and iconic celebrity moments that would cement a designer 's fame . one in particular came in 1956 , when italian-french film star sophia loren wore a sweeping gown by emilio schuberth at the cannes festival . schuberth became known as the ' tailor to the stars ' , and also catered for the likes of rita hayworth and brigitte bardot . his students included valentino garavani - who continues to be an italian powerhouse today . impossibly glamorous : in 1956 , italian-french film star sophia loren wore a sweeping gown by emilio schuberth at the cannes festival . this dress by emilio schuberth cemented his position as ' tailor to the stars ' . late sixties and early seventies creations from fendi , including the bag with the signature interlocking fs ( right ) . examples of humble beginnings are especially surprisingly when looking at labels such as fendi - who originally came into existence as a leather and fur shop in rome . from the mid-sixties , karl lagerfeld was involved in the design of fendi 's logo with the interlocking f letters . several designers in the book , such as federico forquet , are no longer operational , but were important in influencing and shaping the overall movement and progression of italian fashion . the book also highlights how certain italian designers , such as roberto carpucci , were propelled to fame when clothes were featured in advertorials - eventually appearing in publications such as vogue . a piece from italian designer federico forquet , in his autumn/winter 1965 collection . renowned italian designer , roberto carpucci 's structural designs featured in vogue italia in 1982 . a defining moment for italian fashion was circa 1994 ; elizabeth hurley stepped out in a versace safety pin gown that was to become one of the most iconic dresses of all time . from then on , it seemed that italian fashion was the pinnacle of daring style . co-author of the book , enrico quinto says that italian glamour is ' in the dna of an italian 's lifestyle ' . he adds : ' italian glamour is not sophisticated or artificial ; it keeps conscious of the female 's body , and it works in the same way as the idea of ' dolce far niente ' - the sweetness of doing nothing . it 's an accessible beauty - simple and natural . ' elizabeth hurley in 1994 ( left ) , pictured with then-beau , hugh grant ( right ) wearing the versace dress that would go down in fashion history . liz hurley 's dress ( pictured ) was a creation from gianni versace 's spring/summer 1994 collection . in fact , italian style has made a huge contribution to the fashion industry today , with milan fashion week still a crucial part of the circuit , and with young models such as kendall jenner flocking to milan every year . popular culture figures such as rihanna , are also active lovers of the italian style . rihanna recently customised a fendi baguette bag for a charity auction , along with sarah jessica parker . rihanna toting not one but two of her customised baguette bags with fendi at the launch . successful models such as kendall jenner ( pictured ) flock to milan fashion week every season to walk in shows such as dolce & gabbana ( left - autumn/winter 2015 , right - spring/summer 2015 ) . italian style is very much still crucial to the fashion landscape . in terms of the state of italian glamour now , enrico argues that it is a changing landscape , but something that maintains its simplicity . ' italy has become more global and the melting pot of different nationalities has automatically brought new influences into italy 's lifestyle . ' i believe that the essence of italian glamour is based on a certain ' minimalism ' . clothing still has to be practical and adapted to an understated lifestyle . italian glamour : the essence of italian fashion , from the postwar years to the present day ( skira editore ) is out on 30 march 2015 .