president barack obama declared the threat of cyber attacks by foreign agents a ' national emergency ' as he unveiled plans to impose sanctions on hackers in the wake of an epidemic of attacks against american networks . obama took aim at russia , china and iran as he revealed an executive order which will allow the u.s. treasury to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks on ' critical ' american computer networks . the announcement followed a series of high profile incidents , including a devastating attack against sony pictures , and data breaches that stole credit card or health data on tens of millions of americans . ' national emergency ' : obama unveiled plans to impose sanctions on hackers after an epidemic of attacks . 'it’s one of the great paradoxes of our information age — the very technologies that empower us to do great good can also be used by adversaries to inflict great harm , ' he wrote in a blog post on medium . obama said cyber attacks - many which originate from overseas - ' pose one of the most serious economic and national security challenges to the united states ' . he added it required more than ' diplomacy , law enforcement , and cooperation with other nations and the private sector ' to tackle . he wrote : ' it 's often hard to go after bad actors , in part because of weak or poorly enforced foreign laws , or because some governments are either unwilling or unable to crack down on those responsible . ' obama said hackers working in china and russia target america 's defense contractors and the systems designed to support the country 's troops , while hackers in iran were targeting banks and north korea went after sony . michael daniel , special assistant to the president and cyber security co-ordinator , said the new sanctions would ' go after the worst of the worst of malicious cyber actors ' , while obama assured people they would ' in no way target the unwitting victims of cyberattacks , ' such as people whose computers are hijacked . however , they did not reveal any specific targets , but officials told the financial times it could be used against individual hackers hired by companies or countries . threat : the attacks included last year 's sony pictures hack - allegedly carried out by north korea . pictured : the secretive state 's leader , kim jong-un . anger : it is said the country was unhappy about the film the interview ( poster , right ) , which depicted an assassination attempt against the north korean leader , portrayed by randall park ( left ) . they would also not curb the freedom of the internet , obama stated . but some privacy activists questioned the broad language in the order , saying it could have unforeseen impacts . the order could be interpreted to target investigative reporters , said marcy wheeler on the privacy blog empty wheel . ' does wikileaks ' publication of secret trans-pacific partnership negotiations qualify ? does guardian 's publication of contractors ' involvement in nsa hacking ? ' she wrote . ' i 'm generally concerned about this ( order ) because of the way national emergencies have served as the justification for a lot of secret spying decisions , ' wheeler added . but paul rosenzweig of the chertoff group , a security consulting firm , said the national emergency language is appropriate . ' the use of `` national emergency ' '' is reflective , i think , of the seriousness with which the administration views the problem — and that 's a good thing , ' rosenzweig said on the lawfare blog . ' what is most notable about the order is how strongly the us is flexing its economic muscle . if access to us markets is of value , the administration is signalling , strongly , that continued access may be conditioned on good cyber behavior . concern : some privacy activists questioned the broad language in the order and its unforeseen impacts . however , obama 's advisers were keen to stress how important the new measures were . lisa monaco , the president 's assistant for homeland security and counterterrorism , wrote in a blog : ' in just the past year , we have seen a significant increase in the frequency , scale , and sophistication of cyber incidents targeting the american people , including everything from large data breaches and significant intrusions to destructive and coercive cyber attacks intended to influence the way ordinary americans exercise their constitutional rights . ' in many cases , these threats stem from actors overseas using malicious cyber activities to inflict harm on americans without ever leaving their desks . ' ms monaco warned ' no one connected to the internet is immune ' to the threat , buyt added the sanctions are ' not a tool that we will use every day ' and 'law-abiding companies have absolutely nothing to worry about ' .    