the town of reading may have been swept up in fa cup euphoria , but steve clarke has instructed his players to approach this weekend 's semi-final like any other day at work . it has been 88 years since the royals last reached the last-four juncture and the skybet championship side travel to wembley facing the unenviable task of overcoming in-form arsenal . reading are striving to make the fa cup final for the first time in their history , leading to excitement understandably building in berkshire - if not the club 's hogwood park training ground . reading overcame league one side bradford with a 3-0 replay win to progress to fa cup semi-final . clarke , a winner as player and coach at chelsea , has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion , with progression the only objective . ' i think when you go through to semi-finals , the only way to enjoy it is to win the game , ' the reading manager said . ' you ca n't go to wembley and play the occasion . it is not about playing the occasion , we 're playing arsenal . ' for us , it has to be a day of work . we have to go there focused only on what happens on the pitch . the royals face premier league giants arsenal in crunch clash on saturday at wembley . ' the supporters can go and enjoy the day , that 's their little reward for a cup run . ' for us , it is to go there with a mentality that we are there to do a job and if we do that right we can go through . ' clarke is confident his players can make history on saturday , even though few outsiders share his faith . one bookmaker has them at 14/1 to win and reading 's manager accepts they will have to play the ' perfect game ' to overcome an arsenal side on the back of eight straight league wins . it has been 88 years since reading last made an appearance in the semi-finals of the fa cup . ' they look strong , well-balanced , ' clarke said . ' they 're winning games . ' they have terrific players . great problems for us to solve . ' maybe they have left their run too late to catch chelsea at the top but certainly a good chance to finish the season strongly . ' reading have no fresh injury concerns ahead of the semi-final , with pavel pogrebnyak fit after a slight calf complaint ruled him out of tuesday 's 1-0 loss to table-topping bournemouth . steve clarke was appointed reading manager in december 2014 to replace nigel adkins . clarke felt defeat was harsh on his side , stretching a run of winless matches to five since winning the quarter-final replay against bradford . ' cup competitions , one-off games , we seem to have approached it with a little bit more freedom , a little less nervousness , if you like , ' the royals boss said . ' i think the league campaign has been disappointing . there is sort of a feeling of doom and gloom around the league campaign this year which is never nice . reading have struggled in the championship but have brought fa cup euphoria to the town with their great run . ' i think that is reflected in the game ( against bournemouth ) , when we are knocking at the door in the last 10 minutes and knocking on the door very , very much . ' bournemouth , because they 're on a winning run , know how to get over the line and win at the moment . ' we 're struggling in the league a little bit to find a way to win games , whereas in the cup we 've been good . ' we 've known how to win the cup games so hopefully that continues on saturday . '