tracy walters , 48 , ( right ) died after her husband ian 's ( left ) car veered off the m1 motorway last year . a church treasurer accused of killing his wife by deliberately smashing his 4x4 vehicle into a tree at 84mph has described their early sex life together as ‘dramatic’ . ian walters is accused of murdering his wife of two years after their relationship had collapsed because she was no longer able to satisfy his sexual demands . walters , who also worked as a driving test examiner , veered off the m1 on the way back from an unsuccessful ‘ make or break’ trip with his wife tracy , leicester crown court has heard . the 51-year-old’s mitsubishi l200 animal ploughed through undergrowth before hitting a tree – leaving mrs walters , 48 , with serious injuries . she was flown to hospital by helicopter but died two days after the crash in march last year . walters , who was also badly hurt in the incident , was charged with his wife’s murder two months later – ten days after her funeral . the prosecution is claiming that conflict over sex was a main reason the couple’s marriage had fallen apart . charles miskin , prosecuting , said earlier in the trial : ‘ one of the principal issues was sex . he seemed to want it all the time and she couldn’t cope with his demands . ’ but giving evidence yesterday , walters described his love life with tracy as ‘ very fulfilling’ , adding : ‘ it was very exciting and adventurous . she taught me things i never knew . it was very refreshing and usually initiated by tracy rather than myself . ’ walters went on to say that when they had sex it tended to be ‘ long , dramatic and adventurous’ but lacked the ‘intimacy’ he craved . he added : ‘ what i needed was intimacy . what i needed was more than the touching . i wanted to fall asleep in each other’s arms . ’ quizzed over texts tracy had sent to friends complaining that walters had made her feel like ‘ a sex object’ , walters agreed with the defence counsel that ‘ his sex drive was higher than tracy’s’ . and he admitted that as their relationship had worn on their sex life had waned . the jury also heard that the couple had a ‘troubled’ relationship , with mrs walters telling relatives and police that her husband had been abusive to her . the couple , who were said to have had a ' troubled ' relationship , had married in cyprus in 2012 but their relationship is alleged to have become abusive soon afterwards , jurors heard . mrs walters , a keen horse rider , was flown to hospital following the collision in markfield , leicester , but died two days later from her injuries . she made an application under ‘clare’s law’ to discover if he had a violent past . the pair , who had both been married once before , had grown-up children from their previous relationships . they started dating in 2011 , and got married a year later in cyprus . mr miskin told the court that the abuse started almost straight away , with mrs walters showing relatives bruises she claimed her husband had inflicted . mrs walters also texted a relative of one of her sons just an hour before the crash to say : ‘ i need him arrested when i get back , but i am scared because he is so volatile and i don’t want to wind him up . ’ the couple were returning to their home in swindon when walters suddenly swerved his car off the carriageway and into a tree . the prosecution claim that mrs walters ‘couldn’t cope with her husband’s demands’ in bed , and that walters purposely crashed to show his wife ‘ who was in charge’ . but walters is claiming that at the time of the crash he had been taking antidepressants which sometimes made him drowsy . he told the court that he could recall two times when he had fallen asleep at the wheel , the last of which was on a motorway in 2002 . he said he had also had three fainting episodes in the two years prior to the crash . walters denies murder . the trial continues . the mitsubishi l200 veered onto an embankment near junction 22 of the southbound carriageway in march last year . pictured : emergency services at the scene of the crash . giving evidence in his own defence during the fourth week of his trial yesterday , walters , from swindon , wiltshire , described mrs walters as his ' world ' . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .