backache is striking us younger than ever – with almost half of the under-30s saying they are battling constant pain . experts blame increasingly sedentary lifestyles and an obsession with mobile phones for a sharp rise in the number of young people with back and neck problems . and they warn that children as young as 12 are seeking treatment . as gadgets get smaller , users lean over them more , putting the neck and shock-absorbing discs that cushion the vertebrae under added pressure . some 45 per cent of the under-30s surveyed for the british chiropractic association said they had a painful back or neck – up from 28 per cent last year . across all age groups , 86 per cent said it was a problem – compared with 77 per cent last year . almost one in four said that they are in pain on a daily basis . chiropractors blame the increase on days and nights spent sitting hunched over mobile phones and tablet computers . rishi loatey , a chiropractor in north-west london , sees patients who are still at school , including some as young as 12 . he said working on laptops and tablets rather than desktop computers , as well as using mobile phones , can affect posture and put the back under extra strain . as gadgets get smaller , users lean over them more , putting the neck and shock-absorbing discs that cushion the vertebrae under added pressure . the fashion for hot-desking , in which office workers do n't have an assigned desk of their own , adds to the problem because the chair is not adjusted to suit them . the survey of more than 2,100 britons aged 16-plus also revealed just how sedentary modern life is . almost two-thirds said they spend most of their working day sitting . and the average briton spends almost three hours in front of the tv each evening . in all , we typically spend ten hours a day sitting . chiropractor tim hutchful of the bca said : ' we 're seeing a rise in the number of people experiencing back and neck-related problems because our modern lifestyle is forcing us to stay seated and i 'm concerned that the number of patients under the age of 30 coming through our doors is increasing . ' whether at your desk , on your tablet or watching tv , it 's really important to take breaks to relieve the build-up of tension in your back . ' 