a couple who took their 14-year-old son out of school without permission for a five-day holiday to spain were forced to pay a £1,230 fine after bailiffs were called in . they were originally fined £120 for the unauthorised absence from sweyne park school in rayleigh , essex , after being convicted in november 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended school . after the unnamed family , of hullbridge , essex , appealed unsuccessfully against the fine and , after they did not pay , court bailiffs visited on march 6 demanding £1,230 . a couple who took their 14-year-old son out of sweyne park school in essex without permission for a five-day holiday to spain were forced to pay a £1,230 fine after bailiffs were called in . the boy’s grandmother , from benfleet , essex , paid up to stop the bailiffs taking property to cover the amount owed . the grandmother , who asked not to be named , said : ‘ the bailiff informed me that if the eye-watering fine of £1,230 wasn’t paid immediately they would force entry . ’ they told her goods would be sold to cover £3,500 for the fine and charges and the parents would be jailed for three months . she added : ' he 's a bright boy , my grandson , and he could easily hack five days off . ' he had never been in an aeroplane and my daughter wanted him to have the experience . ' part of the problem is the tourism industry , which deliberately hikes up prices during the summer holidays . the grandmother , who asked not to be named , said : ' part of the problem is the tourism industry , which deliberately hikes up prices during the summer holidays . it 's quite a sober warning to other parents ' . ' it 's quite a sober warning to other parents . ' i know it was wrong to take him out of school , but the punishment was completely out of proportion . it was a bit stasi . ’ an essex county council spokesman said parents legally had to ensure attendance . they added : ' where there is concern for a child 's attendance , schools will work with the family to address the cause of the absence . ' the amendment in legislation in september 2013 made it clear that head teachers should not grant any leave of absence during term time unless there are exceptional circumstances . '