next summer there will be a new ship in the thomson fleet – but it will be familiar to seasoned cruisers who have sailed on royal caribbean’s splendour of the seas . the mid-size ship , with an on-board climbing wall , is sailing away from rci to thomson and will get a new name , yet to be announced . so many newly constructed floating resorts come out of shipyards these days – britannia , anthem of the seas and norwegian escape all this year – and it is good news that tried and tested , smaller ships built on classic lines do not just sail off into the sunset or to the breaker’s yard , but are reinvented and relaunched , sometimes several times over . what will it be next ? the splendour of the seas will be transformed by thomson , and launched under a new name next summer . take magellan , ‘ new flagship’ of the cruise & maritime fleet , recently christened in tilbury . magellan started life as the holiday , built in 1985 for carnival cruise lines . it has had a colourful life , including providing a haven for victims of hurricane katrina in 2005 and acting as a hotel for the winter olympics in sochi in 2014 . it is hard to believe that luxurious little hebridean princess , chartered by the queen for her 80th birthday family cruise around scotland in 2006 , was the busy car ferry and royal mail ship mv columba for 25 years from its launch in 1964 until transformed in 1989 into the country-house hotel-style cruise ship she is today . her former sister ship , the 98-passenger hebridean spirit , was sold off in 2009 , amid rumours she was to become a private yacht . three years later she reappeared , refitted for 114 passengers as caledonian sky for noble caledonia . before : the cruise ship ms grand holiday of carnival cruise lines docked in nice along the french riviera . after : the renamed and renovated magellan , a new flagship of cruise & maritime voyages . then there’s p & o’s smallest ship , the 700-passenger adonia . she was built in 2001 as ‘r8’ – the last of eight ‘ renaissance class’ ships . the ship became minerva ii for swan hellenic , serving the company for four years , then she was royal princess for princess cruises . she became adonia in 2011 , named by shirley bassey in southampton . some of adonia’s similar sisters are now azamara journey , azamara quest , pacific princess and ocean princess . meanwhile , swan hellenic has operated the same ship twice . the first minerva , built in 1989 , was originally intended as a soviet spy vessel . she sailed for the one-ship cultural cruises company , accommodating 350 passengers , from 1996 until 2003 , when , to the dismay of her loyal passengers ( known as the swans ) , she was replaced by minerva ii , with her 650 berths . before : the luxury cruise ship hebridean spirit moored in ermoupoli , greek island of syros . after : now transformed into noble caledonia ms island sky cruise ship , sailing out of in portsmouth harbour . to the swans’ joy , the more intimate minerva returned to swan hellenic in 2008 and was given a multi-million-pound makeover during 2011 . quintessentially british line fred.olsen has just four ships , balmoral , black watch , boudicca and braemar . they are all pre-loved and characterful and have been refurbished and even ‘stretched’ in the case of balmoral . the ship , built in 1988 and previously owned by norwegian cruise lines as norwegian crown , grew by 100ft , with 93 cabins added when she was added to the fred.olsen fleet in 2007 . before : p & o 's smallest cruise ship , adonia , sails along southampton water . after : adonia became minverva ii for swan hellenic , serving the company for four years , and then she was royal princess for princess cruises . 