stuart mccall has sent a warning to bilel mohsni as he insisted rangers will need cool heads for the promotion run-in . the tunisian centre-back extended his questionable disciplinary record by picking up a booking for reacting to opposition fans during thursday’s 3-0 defeat from queen of the south . mccall believes mohsni has good defensive attributes but is adamant the ibrox side can not risk unnecessary suspensions as they attempt to land a premiership place via the play-offs . stuart mccall calls time on training ahead of rangers match with raith on sunday . the rangers boss has spoken to tunisian defender bilel mohsni ( 2nd left ) about his discipline . ‘i’ve had to have a word with him over his concentration levels , ’ said mccall . ‘ he did some absolutely outstanding things in the game and then he did some slack and sloppy things . ‘ i didn’t know what he was booked for and kenny ( black ) had said it was a reaction to their fans . he was probably frustrated and angry at the result . ‘ but i’ll have another look at it as we can’t afford to have silly bookings at this point in the season . ian black got one the other day and there are a couple of other lads a game away from being suspended . ‘ if it’s for tackles you can maybe understand it but we can’t afford cheap bookings for running to the crowd , taking your shirt off , back chat with referees , kicking the ball away – i don’t like things like that . it’s a lack of discipline . ’ rangers players look dejected as defeat to queen of the south dents their bid for promotion . rangers will attempt to bounce back from the first loss of mccall’s tenure when they host raith on sunday . they currently sit behind second-placed hibs on goal difference but have a game in hand . ‘ there will be a lot of big games , big crowds , tension and drama until the last kick of the season , ’ added mccall ‘ so cool heads is the way to go . but i still like fire in the belly . i don’t want people to surrender meekly and mildly . nothing wrong with a bit of passion as long as it’s channelled in the right way . ’ mccall insisted the palmerston reverse shouldn’t be viewed as a ‘disaster’ and feels he already has evidence of his side’s ability to recover from disappointments . ‘ we just have to draw a line under it . i don’t want doom and gloom . we drew the first two games when i came here . that wasn’t what we wanted , so we bounced back from those . we then went on a decent run and now we’ve had another setback . it’s about how we react . ’ 