a 14-year-old girl has died and her mother has been left severely injured after they were thrown off a moving bus following a sexual assault in india . arshdeep kaur and her mother shinder , were travelling from their home in punjab , northern india , to visit relatives when a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them . the men grabbed arshdeep and made several attempts to ' molest ' her and her mother , but instead of defending them , the bus staff joined in the sexual assault . scroll down for video . victims : arshdeep kaur , 14 , and her mother shinder , pictured in hospital , were travelling from their home in punjab , northern india , when passengers and bus staff sexually assaulted them . the incident took place on a near-empty bus near moga , some 50 miles from the pakistani border , in punjab province . mrs kaur , 38 , daughter arshdeep , 14 , and son akashdeep singh , had taken the bus from their home village to visit mrs kaur 's parents , tribune india reports . shortly after boarding the bus , a group of men had surrounded mother and daughter and tried to grab both of them . mrs kaur alerted the conductor about the harassment , he joined in and started abusing them both . after fighting off her attackers , mrs kaur ran through the bus to tell the driver to stop the bus , but according to her testimony , he started driving faster . the incident took place on a near-empty bus near moga , some 50 miles from the pakistani border , in punjab province . vital issue : officials recently banned a documentary about the 2012 gang rape and murder of an 23-year-old student in delhi ( stock image ) . the assault continued until the bus slowed down and mother and daughter could break free , however as they attempted to get off the bus , mrs kaur says they were pushed . arshdeep and mrs kaur both suffered serious injuries , and the 14-year-old later died in hospital . ' no one helped . they first pushed my daughter off the bus , then me , ' mrs kaur told ndtv from her hospital bed today . shortly after the pair had been pushed off , the bus stopped by the roadside and the alleged perpetrators , including the conductor , cleaner and driver fled the scene . the three could later be apprehended and police have launched an investigation into the incident . there has a heightened sensitivity to the issue of sexual assault in india in recent weeks after officials banned a documentary about the 2012 gang rape and murder of an indian student in delhi . officials said the documentary , called india 's daughter , would cause further disorder if it was shown , following a number of protests and incidents of vigilante justice in the country . the documentary explained the brutal rape and murder of 23-year-old student jyoti singh , who was attacked on a bus when she returned home from the cinema . one of the six men convicted of the attack , bus driver mukesh singh , was interviewed in prison and told researchers that had jyoti not fought back she would not have been killed . her death led to protests throughout india and outraged the world . jyoti singh pandey , a physiotherapy student , was gang raped as she travelled on a bus . the 23-year-old suffered in hospital for 13 days from her injuries before she died . vinay sharma , 20 , akshay thakur , 28 , pawan gupta , 19 , and mukesh singh , 26 , were all sentenced to death for her rape . ram singh , co-accused and widely considered the leader of the group , was found dead in his cell . a minor also found guilty was sentenced to three years in a reformatory institution . her death sparked angry protests in india and internationally about misogyny in the country . the attention forced judges to prioritise the case and the lawyer 's association in saket reportedly refused to defend the perpetrators . 