alec stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new director of england cricket following the sacking on wednesday of managing director paul downton . stewart , who played in a record 133 tests for england and is currently director of cricket at surrey , has not yet been approached by the ecb . but he said : ‘ when england come calling , you shouldn’t say no . ’ the early bookies’ favourite for the post is michael vaughan , the former england captain who is close to the incoming ecb chairman colin graves , and has also made clear his desire to help english cricket out of its current state of chaos . alec stewart stands at the kia oval ahead of a surrey team photo shoot on thursday . stewart lines up with surrey players for the team photo at the kia oval . test matches : 133 . highest score : 190 . runs : 8463 . centuries : 15 . half-centuries : 45 . batting average : 39.54 . stumpings : 14 . first test : west indies , kingston , feb 24 , '90 . last test : south africa , the oval , sep 4 , '03 . stats via espncricinfo . but stewart , who also spoke highly of the early impression kevin pietersen has made on his return to the surrey team , remains a respected figure in the game . and he is open to offers . asked whether he’d be interested in the post – created by the ecb’s new chief executive tom harrison , who confirmed downton’s demise wednesday evening – stewart said : ‘ i can’t just say yes until i know what the role and the responsibility are . but , of course , if it was the right role , you’d be stupid not to look at it . ‘ as a player i did just about anything that was asked of me . if they asked me to take on a role , and it’s the right role , of course i’d listen and have a big conversation – once the ecb have asked surrey permission to speak to me , of course , because i’m under contract here . ‘ i just want england to be the best side in the world . and if the ecb felt i was the right person to help take them to no 1 , then of course i’d look at it . ‘i’ve got a big job here , and that’s what i’m concentrating on . but at the same time you’ve got to make yourself aware of other opportunities , and when england come calling , you shouldn’t say no . ‘ if they want someone with experience of being a director of cricket , then i’d have thought i’d be very close to being at the top of that list . ’ stewart ( centre front ) poses in the surrey team photo ahead of the start of the county championship season . stewart was a wicketkeeper-batsman for england . here he looks on as australia 's steve waugh plays a shot towards england fielder graham thorpe in the fifth test of an ashes clash at edgbaston in 1993 . stewart is carried by team-mates steve harmison ( left ) and andrew flintoff , after playing his final test match , at the oval in september 2003 against south africa . but stewart made clear he’d be interested in the job only if there was a clear definition of his accountability . ‘ if you do well , you get patted on the back , if you don’t do well , you get moved on . to me , it’s straightforward . but if there are too many bits and pieces in the jigsaw , people can hide . ‘i’m not one for hiding . it’s about making tough decisions , and living and dying by those decisions . and making sure the players play without fear . ’ stewart , who led england in 15 tests and scored nearly 8,500 runs , was effusive in his praise of pietersen , whose chances of a surprise england recall increased from highly unlikely to merely improbable following the sacking of downton – who in turn had sacked pietersen over a year ago . kevin pietersen will feature for stewart 's surrey outfit in this year 's county championships and the former wicket-keeper batsman believes the 34-year-old could still make a comeback at international level . ‘we’ve never had a problem with him , ’ said stewart . ‘i’m sure other dressing-rooms may not say the same , but we don’t have to handle him . ‘ he fits in well . when he walked in , he went to his locker straightaway : it was like he’d never been away . we can only speak in glowing terms of him . and that’s how i judge people , is how i find them – not hearsay , or from other people . ‘ england have said he’s not on their radar . but you should never say never . if he’s racking the runs up , and england are struggling , if the players aren’t getting runs or there’s an injury to a batsman , and he’s in top form – why wouldn’t you want to bring him back ? ’ 