this is the deafening moment a mother of six boys finds out she 's finally having a girl after the seventh time trying . video shows cher lair from apex , north carolina , cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around . she did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker . as she lifts up a slice of pink sponge , she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement . after falling back in surprise , she then gets down on her knees repeatedly panting : ' oh my god . ' bystanders can be heard cheering and clapping in the background as they watch the scene unfold . lair told wtvd-tv that she and her husband , stephen , had given up on ever having a daughter . ' initially , on baby three and four i 'm thinking , `` they 'll be a girl at some point . they ca n't all be boys . `` ' but after four and five and six , you 're kind of thinking , `` yeah , they can , '' ' she said . caught on camera : this is the deafening moment a mother of six boys finds out she 's finally having a girl , the seventh time trying . big moment : video shows cher lair from apex , north carolina , cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around . catch her if you can : as she lifts up a slice of pink sponge , she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement . the mother-of-six found out she was expecting a little lady on monday . a friend , who was told the child 's sex , chipped in to bake the pink-colored chocolate cake . lair says that she 's nervous about a girl entering such a ' boy house ' but she 's excited to doing ' mommy -daughter ' things . ' i want to . . . take her to cinderella , for pedicures and manicures , and shop for a prom dress , ' she added . boy household : lair said that she and her husband , stephen , had given up on ever having a daughter . tickled pink : lair is set to have her seventh child in august - currently there is no word on possible names . to date the video of lair 's gender reveal reaction has been watched more than 100,000 times with many viewers giving it the thumbs up . one commenter wrote : ' that is an awesome video . ' this little girl is going to be so lucky to have six big brothers to look after her ... congrats ! ' lair is set to have her seventh child in august . currently there is no word on possible names .