formula one supremo bernie ecclestone has given azerbaijan the all-clear ahead of its debut next season despite serious concerns over the country 's human rights record . human rights watch 's 2015 report on the former soviet republic stated there had been ' a dramatic deterioration in its already poor rights record ' particularly in its treatment of opponents of the political regime . however , ecclestone maintains f1 has conducted its due diligence on azerbaijan . the capital , baku , will host a street race to be known as the european grand prix . bernie ecclestone , speaking in bahrain , has confirmed azerbaijan will stage the european grand prix . the race will be held in the capital of baku , despite the country 's poor human rights record . asked whether azerbaijan 's human rights record would be checked , the 84-year-old replied : ' we have . ' i think everybody seems to be happy . there does n't seem to be any big problem there . ' there 's no question of it not being on the calendar . it 's going to be another good race . ' the sport recently published a ' statement of commitment to respect for human rights ' that was posted on the formula1.com website . it said : ' the formula one group is committed to respecting internationally recognised human rights in its operations globally . ' whilst respecting human rights in all of our activities , we focus our efforts in relation to those areas which are within our own direct influence . ' it added that the sport would also ' identify and assess ... any actual or potential adverse human rights impacts with which we may be involved either through our own activities or as a result of our business relationships , including , but not limited to , our suppliers and promoters . ' lewis hamilton celebrates another victory at the bahrain grand prix . the mercedes driver has now won three of the opening four races this season . the human rights watch report on azerbaijan for 2015 was pretty damning . ' the azerbaijani government escalated repression against its critics , marking a dramatic deterioration in its already poor rights record , ' the report states . ' the authorities convicted or imprisoned at least 33 human rights defenders , political and civil activists , journalists , and bloggers on politically motivated charges , prompting others to flee the country or go into hiding . ' authorities froze the bank accounts of independent civic groups and their leaders , impeded their work by refusing to register foreign grants , and imposed foreign travel bans on some . ' many of those detained complained of ill-treatment in police custody . many organisations , including several leading rights groups , were forced to cease activities . ' concerns remain , however , over the italian grand prix , one of the most historic races in f1 . hamilton leads the 2014 italian grand prix , although monza 's future on the circuit is uncertain . ecclestone is currently negotiating with promoters at monza over a new contract , with the current one due to expire after next year 's race . officials have made it clear they can no longer afford ecclestone 's terms and are hoping he will reduce his fees . ecclestone , though , seems unconcerned at losing f1 's heartland of europe as key races such as those at imola , france and germany have disappeared . ' we have to wait and see . they do n't have an agreement . bit like germany really , ' said ecclestone . suggested to ecclestone it was unthinkable the race could be dropped , he replied : ' i tell you something , i was told that when we did n't have a race in france actually . and germany now . we 've got some good replacements , have n't we ? ' 