the story of rapunzel , the girl trapped in a tower who is rescued by a prince climbing up her long locks , has captivated little would-be princesses the world over for centuries . but while most girls grow out of their yearning for tumbling tresses , not everyone ditches the extra-long look when they hit adulthood . as hair extensions soar in popularity on the red carpet , the number of middle-aged women with very long natural hair is on the rise , according to beauty experts . scroll down for video . from left to right : fiona steane is 50 with 3ft long hair , sarah rihal is also 50 and has 3ft 5in of hair , melanie brown is 60 and has 4ft long hair and vanessa thorpe is 40 with 2ft 10in of hair . and recently , supermodel twiggy stood up for older women with long locks . ‘ it makes me crazy when people say you have to cut your hair short once you hit 50 , ’ she said . ‘ i saw a woman the other day in her late 70s with silver hair down to her waist . i thought , “ good on you , girl.”’ . here , some of britain’s real-life rapunzels show off their locks —and explain why they’d never consider going for the chop… . my hair gets stuck in car doors . fiona steane , 50 , is an artist . she lives in london with her husband of 20 years , christopher , 48 , a banker , and their 17-year-old daughter , amelia . fiona steane , 50 , ( pictured ) wanted to cut all her hair off when she was 15 but her mother refused and she 's had it long ever since then and gets it trimmed twice a year . my mother always kept my hair long . she had very long hair and she liked me to have it that way , too . i was dancing back then , so it was easier to have it long and whip it up into a bun . when i was 15 , i wanted to cut it all off and my mother refused — so it’s been this way ever since . i don’t like watching people getting their hair cut and i hate hairdressers . i couldn’t even watch my husband getting his hair cut recently — there’s something about it that makes me feel sick . i get it trimmed , just getting rid of the split ends , twice a year . then i have a conditioning treatment , which takes up to six hours but feels amazing afterwards . i don’t have a hairdryer . i’ve never used one . i don’t colour my hair . i don’t straighten it . i just shampoo , condition and leave . it’s pure laziness . this might look like it takes a lot of work but in reality i don’t have to do anything . i do make sure i use specialist hair products for long hair . when it comes to conditioner , i slather loads of it on . this keeps it nice and smooth . my cut-off point — when i know it’s got too long — is when i can sit on it . it gets stuck in car doors and it’s always in the way . fiona ( pictured ) says she uses special clips from paris to protect her hair when she wants to put it up . my hair is manageable at this length . when i want to put it up , i use special plastic clips from paris so as not to damage my hair . an arab man offered to buy my hair once . i thought it was hysterical . my daughter has beautiful long , thick hair . hers is darker than mine but it’s stunning . i don’t like it when people touch my hair . i have to remind them that it’s mine . my long locks make me feel feminine . sarah rihal , 50 , is a property manager from south london . she is married to bob , 58 , a pharmacist , and has two children , alice , 27 and jasmine , eight . sarah rihal , 50 , ( pictured ) says she has had long her all her life and her youngest daughter jasmine has hair the same length . sarah says children in the school nursery often call her rapunzel . i’m not a very girly girl but i’ve had long hair all my life . i went through phases when i was younger where i had shoulder-length hair , but since my late teens it’s been down to my bust . my youngest daughter , jasmine , has hair the same length as mine . jasmine has to wear hers plaited for school . when i pick her up , i often hear children in nursery whispering , ‘ look , it’s rapunzel’ when we walk past . that makes me smile . i go to my hairdresser , neil ward , at his specialist salon long hair in london four times a year for a trim and conditioning treatment . the first time i went , i had my hair up in a metallic clip and neil whipped it out and threw it in the bin . at home , i use a special shampoo and conditioner from the george michael long hair range , as well as a cream rinse , which is like a conditioner that you comb through the ends after washing . i keep a jug of it in the bathroom , so i can just dunk the ends in after a shower . sarah ( pictured ) uses a special shampoo from the george michael long hair range , but she says there are practical difficulties with having long hair like having to plait it at night to avoid knotting . i wash my hair once a week — it does get greasy but it doesn’t usually need more than that . what i love about hair this length is that you don’t have to do anything with it . i wear it plaited or on top of my head in a bulldog clip . i just wash it and let it dry which takes about two hours . there are practical challenges to having long hair . and , at night , i have to plait it or it would get knotted around my pillow and my poor husband ! my hair is my favourite part of myself . it is the one thing that makes me feel really feminine . i don’t think i’ll ever be tempted to cut it . redheads like me tend to go white , not grey , so hopefully it will still look elegant in years to come . i get proposals from strangers . melanie brown , 60 , is a retired teacher . divorced , she has two grown-up daughters and lives in north london . melanie brown , 60 , ( pictured ) says men have always found her hair attractive and that she has been proposed to twice thanks to her long locks . my hair started really growing when i was five years old and i’ve only been to a professional hairdresser twice as far as i can remember . the first time was when i was 15 and my hair was thick and long . the hairdresser cut it to my shoulders and that put me off for years . the second time was when i was in my 20s and i’d got my first teaching job . headlice are a worry for teachers with long hair , so i marched to a hairdresser in london that specialised in long hair and said : ‘ cut it all off ! ’ they refused . they said it was so beautiful they wouldn’t dream of cutting it . men have always found my hair attractive . i’ve had two proposals of marriage just because of my hair . one was from a colleague i’d only been working with for two weeks when he said he loved my hair and wanted to marry me . not surprisingly , my ex-husband didn’t like the attention it got . melanie ( pictured ) says she does n't do anything special with her hair and washes it about once a week using whichever shampoo is cheapest . i really don’t do anything special to it . i wash it once a week with whatever shampoo is the cheapest on offer at boots . i don’t use any special styling products , either . i just dry my hair with a hairdryer or , in the colder months when i have the heating on , i lie watching tv next to the radiator . occasionally , i’ll get annoyed with it . but it’s part of ‘me’ now and i couldn’t imagine having it shorter . it takes four hours to dry naturally . vanessa thorpe , 40 , is a production editor . she lives in essex and is divorced with one son . vanessa thorpe , 40 , ( pictured ) will only use hair products that have not been tested on animals and washes and conditions her hair every morning despite the fact it takes four hours to dry naturally . i love having long hair , especially combined with its unusual colour . i don’t understand why some women feel compelled to cut their hair when they reach a certain age . i wash and condition it every morning , as it feels so much nicer . i never stick to one brand or product . i find my hair gets used to certain shampoos and conditioners and then they’re not as effective . i never buy expensive products . the products i’m using this week are superdrug’s pro-v , but before that i used sainsbury’s own-brand . my only rule is that the products are not tested on animals . vanessa ( pictured ) says she has never been tempted to go for a big hair cut but she has it trimmed every eight months where she has to stand up while they cut it . washing it every day takes about ten minutes . then i squeeze the water out with a towel and comb it through with a tangle teezer . it takes four hours to dry naturally , and i don’t use styling products . i’ve never been tempted to go for the chop . i had it hacked to shoulder-length when i was 13 , but regretted it . i go for a trim about every eight months , and have to stand up so they can cut it . i don’t keep it this length to attract men , although i guess they like it . my boyfriend likes it , but i’d like to think he’s attracted to me and not just my mane . 