hillary clinton shaped state department policy to reward big money foreign donors to her family foundation , an explosive new book written by a political foe will claim . according to author peter schweizer there is a clear trend of money flowing into the controversial clinton foundation and rewards emerging for donors - in forms such as free trade agreements and development projects . the claims against clinton , secretary of state from 2009-13 , are laid out in clinton cash , due to be published may 5th by harpercollins . bombshell : clinton cash , right , a new book by peter schweizer , is set to spell out a trend whereby big money donors to the clinton foundation found u.s. policies coming out of the state department shift in their favor . introducing the book , former george w bush speechwriter said : ' we will see a pattern of financial transactions involving the clintons that occurred contemporaneous with favorable u.s. policy decisions benefiting those providing the funds ' . the passage , and examples of the donations and decisions schweizer analyzes , were published sunday by the new york times , which was given an advance copy of the book . the times reported that clinton cash lists examples of the pattern including a free trade agreement in colombia that benefited a donor with industrial interests there . it also cites development projects in haiti after their devastating 2010 earthquake , and a $ 1million payment to bill clinton made by a canadian shareholder in the keystone xl oil pipeline while it was being discussed by state department officials . author : peter schweizer , pictured , researched donations made to clinton 's foundation and was noted by the times for ' meticulously ' documenting his sources . as well as contending that the clintons favored donors to swell the coffers of the foundation , schweizer also writes that some of the big-money deals ' put millions in their own pockets ' . marketing information from hapercollins includes more claims , citing ' the clinton’s [ sic ] troubling dealings in kazakhstan , colombia , haiti , and other places at the `` wild west '' fringe of the global economy . ' it continued that the book will see schweizer raise ' serious questions of judgment , of possible indebtedness to an array of foreign interests , and ultimately , of fitness for high public office . ' the white house declined on monday to categorically rule out the occurrence of any wrongdoing but said there 's no ' tangible evidence to indicate that it did . ' ' i 'm not gon na be in a position here , where every time somebody raises a spurious claim ... to sit down here and say that it 's not true , ' president barack obama 's spokesman , josh earnest , said . earnest directed reporters who had further questions to clinton 's presidential campaign . clinton allies have characterized the book as simply the latest in a series of ' absurd conspiracy theories ' designed to derail clinton 's 2016 campaign . according to the times , republican senators - including presidential candidates rand paul and marco rubio - have been briefed on the book 's findings , and are working them into their campaigns . paul in particular has been unstinting in his criticism of clinton , positioning himself as an anti-hillary candidate before she even announced she was running . no more , please : in light of her presidential bid , the clinton foundation has stopped accepting donations from most governments - notably saudi arabia . pictured above is clinton while secretary of state standing with her counterparts from saudi arabia ( right ) and kuwait ( left ) . the kentucky senator 's twitter feed sunday night included several references to foreign clinton donations - and his official website includes a whistle-blowing form where members of the public can forward ' additional information ' to paul 's campaign . in light of repeated attacks on the activities of the clinton foundation - which is named after bill , hillary and their daughter chelsea - it recently stopped accepting money from all but six foreign governments . clinton also resigned from the foundation 's board when she announced her presidential bid . after the moves , a spokesman said : ' by implementing this new , even stronger and more transparent policy , the clinton foundation is reinforcing its commitment to accountability while protecting programs that are improving the lives of millions of people around the world ' .