bayer leverkusen defender emir spahic could face a lengthy ban after video footage emerged appearing to show him fighting and aiming a headbutt at stewards after a defeat by bayern munich on wednesday night . spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury as bayer crashed out of the germany 's dfb-pokal at the quarter-final stage , losing 5-3 on penalties after 120 goalless minutes at the bayarena . but amateur footage from after the game shows the bosnian defender involved in an altercation with stewards along the side of the pitch , where he had to be restrained by pitchside staff who were believed to have stopped his friends from walking between the stadium 's west and east stands . bayer leverkusen defender emir spahic could face a lengthy ban after appearing to fight with stewards . after initially being restrained ( first photo ) , spahic became involved in a clash with staff after the game . spahic later seemed to aim a headbutt at a member of stadium staff , even after the angry clash had died down . spahic is pictured taking on bayern munich 's philipp lahm for the ball during the dfb-pokal quarter-final . the incident has been referred to the public prosecutor in cologne and could now be investigated by police . spahic will issue an apology for his behaviour . a bayer spokesman said : ' it is clear that there has been a physical dispute after the final whistle . we will review the incident and try to clarify now who was there and why they were there . ' in the video spahic , wearing a red club top , is at first restrained by two stewards as members of his group clash with the stadium staff . spahic is seen breaking away from the clutches of two stewards to assist his friends in the melee . footage shows spahic seeming to throw his hands into the faces of some of the yellow-jacketed staff . after breaking free , the 34-year-old joins the melee and appears to throw his hands into the faces of multiple stewards before aiming a headbutt at another even when the brawl dies down . spahic is expected to miss his side 's trip to face mainz in the bundesliga on saturday through injury but he could be in line for a longer spell on the sidelines if action is taken after the incident on wednesday night . bayer are fourth in the bundesliga , two points behind borussia monchengladbach in the race for a champions league place and trailing runaway leaders bayern by 19 points . spahic tackles muller on wednesday , and he has been one of bayer 's star performers so far this season . the bosnian midfielder also appeared for his country during the recently international break against austria .