at least 65 british climbers and holidaymakers were feared missing yesterday as the death toll in the nepal earthquake reached 2,500 . on everest , survivors described running for their lives as a ‘tsunami’ of snow and ice triggered by tremors descended on base camp . up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world’s highest peak . survivors described seeing tents with climbers still inside picked up and tossed across the camp before crashing down into rocks and ice . scroll down for video . icy terror : an avalanche appears to erupt in a cloud of snow and debris as it tears towards everest base camp , where it ripped through tents with climbers still inside . as the freezing cascade tore down the mountainside in a terrifying explosion of snow and ice , a photographer captured the dramatic moment it headed straight for the camp at 17,700ft ( 5,380m ) . aftershocks set off a series of further avalanches , prompting fears for the britons among the hundreds of climbers left stranded by the tonnes of debris and ice blocking their routes . in kathmandu and pokhara , bodies lay among the rubble as buildings were reduced to matchsticks and tent cities were erected to provide shelter for the hundreds of thousands left homeless . rescuers dug victims out from the ruins of collapsed buildings – some with their bare hands – while aid agencies warned of a humanitarian disaster and said the death toll could be far higher in more remote areas . at least 65 britons across the region were unaccounted for last night . everest suffered its deadliest ever day on saturday when the avalanche struck . google executive daniel fredinburg , 33 , medic marisa eve girawong , 28 , and documentary-maker tom taplin , 61 , were among the dead , as were several nepali workers and sherpas . around 1,000 people , including 400 foreigners were believed to have been on mount everest when the quake struck . fears grew for their safety as survivors described how avalanches had left them stranded on the mountain , with their descent paths blocked by debris . base camp was said to have borne the worst of the avalanche’s impact and mountaineer alex gaven tweeted that it looked like it had been hit by a ‘ nuclear blast’ . others described seeing ‘car-sized boulders’ and a ‘50-storey building of white’ as the avalanche thundered towards them . frantic search : rescue teams including sherpas carry off an injured climber at base camp as others hunt for survivors among the damaged tents an equipment . devastation : the scene as base camp after the freezing cascade tore down the mountainside . a rescue helicopters lifts survivors from the mountainside , as many climbers were left stranded by the avalanche . the 7.8-magnitude quake struck on saturday and a 6.7-magnitude aftershock hit yesterday , leaving survivors afraid to return home . landslides hampered rescue efforts and hospitals warned they could not cope with treating the injured . although nepal bore the brunt of the death toll , the quake claimed lives in india , tibet and bangladesh . nepal is one of the world’s poorest countries and an international appeal began for aid , with britain pledging £5million . david cameron said the raf would fly supplies into the region today after the uk sent search and rescue teams and medics yesterday . british climber nick talbot , who was in the same group as google executive mr fredinburg , told of the terrifying moment the avalanche hit ‘ like a tsunami’ . the 7.8-magnitude quake struck on saturday and a 6.7-magnitude aftershock hit yesterday . pictured : a nepalese man cries as he walks through the earthquake debris . this mound of rubble is all that remains of a temple after the earthquake struck in kathmandu . ‘ i saw this wall of snow and ice coming . i ran away . i thought , “ there is no chance i can get away” . i just had my socks on . ‘ it knocked me into the rocks . i got up and it knocked me over again . ’ mr talbot , 39 , from county durham , was attempting to become the first climber with cystic fibrosis to make the ascent . he suffered cracked ribs and was evacuated by helicopter . his us campmate mr fredinburg suffered fatal head injuries . us filmmaker mr taplin , who also died was making a documentary about base camp . his wife corey fryer said he died ‘ doing what he loved’ . nepali cook bhim bahadur khatari described digging himself out of the avalanche , saying : ‘ a huge wall of snow just piled on me . ‘ i managed to dig out of what could easily have been my grave . i wiggled and used my hands as claws to dig as much as i could . i was suffocating , i could not breathe . but i knew i had to survive . ’ the international red cross and google both launched websites to help families searching for news of the missing . survivor : laura wood , 23 , from huddersfield has made contact with her family . among the 65 britons still listed as missing by the red cross are samuel bond , 28 , from doynton , south gloucestershire , ashrafe sultana , 31 , from north london , and keith diplock , 71 , from east sussex . others feared missing have made contact with their families , including tara bradshaw , 24 , from brighton , laura wood , 23 , from huddersfield , sebastian lovera , 22 , from tonbridge , kent , and sophie proffitt , 23 , from kidlington , oxford . julia carroll , 22 , managed to get a facebook message to her mother denise in boxford , suffolk , saying simply : ‘i’m alive . ’ sheffield-based adventure company jagged globe said it had contacted seven of its eight teams in the everest region . it said its remaining group of 13 people was in a remote area and may not be aware of the earthquake . alexandra aitken , the daughter of former conservative mp jonathan aitken , was in nepal but has made contact with her family to say she was unhurt . peter hillary , the son of everest pioneer sir edmund hillary , was trekking near the peak when the quake struck but was also unharmed . a climber at camp 1 , named only as sean , gave a graphic description of the terrifying situation faced by those stranded . in a series of messages relayed through a climbing group on twitter , he said : ‘it’s so unstable now that rock fall and minor avalanches occur consistently . the circumstances we face are dire . as i lie here writing this , the ground is moving beneath me . my heart leaps every time the earth moves . i can’t get used to it . ’ meanwhile chaos broke out in kathmandu as passengers attempted to fight their way into the international airport in a bid to leave the country . in the capital , centuries of history were destroyed in minutes when the quake damaged the dharahara tower and historic temples in durbar square . oxfam , christian aid , save the children , the british red cross and plan international uk have all launched appeals and are providing assistance . families can contact the foreign office on 0207 008 0000 . 