the 16-year-old girl who survived a deadly axe attack that claimed the lives of three of her family , has absolutely no recollection of the horrific incident . marli van breda , who used to live with her family in perth , western australia , was released from hospital last month after she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed during an attack in january . the attack took place in her family 's south african home on january 27 and marli is now suffering from retrograde amnesia . although memory loss is not uncommon after a traumatic ordeal , doctors say the former presbyterian ladies ' college student may never remember what happened on the fateful day she tragically lost her father , mother and eldest brother . her extended family revealed in a statement on sunday that , although marli ca n't recall the brutal murders , she is able to walk and talk - and still has her sense of humour . scroll down for video . marli van breda , 16 , suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head in her family 's south african home in january but has no memory of the horrendous attack . ' that she survived the attack is a miracle and her physical recovery continues to astound those close to her , ' the family said in their statement according to a news corp report . ' she is able to walk , communicates well and , surprisingly , given everything that has happened , has retained her sense of humour . ' ' a long road of rehabilitation lies ahead as she learns to compensate for certain neurocognitive difficulties resulting from her traumatic brain injury . ' in some cases the situation remains for life , ' her family said via their statement . marli has been discharged from the rehabilitation care centre where she had been treated over the past few weeks for the severed jugular and brain damage . henri van breda ( back left ) escaped the attack while his father martin , 55 ( back right ) , mother teresa , 54 ( front right ) , and brother rudi , 22 ( back centre ) were killed . marli , 16 ( front left ) , suffered severe head and throat injuries . the attack claimed the lives of her mother teresa , 54 , father martin , 55 , and older brother rudi , 22 . marli 's other brother henri , 20 , escaped with light injuries and rang police to report the deaths at the stellenbosch home , east of cape town . family spokesman martin coetzee said at the time that marli will undergo occupational and physical therapy at the rehabilitation clinic . while her health had improved , marli was n't able to make a complete police statement regarding the attack during her stint at rehabilitation because she was n't able to talk for long periods . chilling : an audio recording between henri ( right , pictured with brother rudi ) and emergency services after his family were hacked to death with an axe , revealed the 20-year-old appeared to giggle during the call . marli was transferred to a rehabilitation clinic on tuesday after spending six weeks at vergelegen medi-clinic in somerset west , just outside of cape town . according to reports out last month , visitors had been banned from visiting the teenager 's hospital room in a bid to keep her surviving brother away . ' they fear she might go into shock , or will be traumatised further if she sees him , ' a source told the sunday times newspaper . marli has reportedly been crying when she sees photos of her parents and brother . ' it is heartbreaking to see tears rolling down her cheeks , ' a person close to the family said . it emerged in february that an audio recording of the emergency phone call made by henri , obtained by enews channel africa , seems to reveal him ' giggling ' as he explains the details of the bloody massacre . ' what kind of injuries are there ? ' a woman can be heard asking henri , who responds : ' my family and me were attacked by a guy with an axe . ' when asked if they were unconscious , he responded , ' yes , and bleeding from the head ' , before what sounds like a faint chuckle is heard . a cleaner who worked for one of the van breda 's neighbours saw the young man , covered in blood , using his phone outside the house shortly after the attack . deceased : martin ( left ) and wife theresa ( right ) both died at their home in stellenbosch - east of cape town . rudi ( pictured left and right ) has been remembered by friends as a keen sportsman . his younger brother henri is currently living with his uncle . the van breda family had just moved back to south africa in june after six years in perth , western australia . the young man 's mental health has been under scrutiny since news24 reported he had undergone brain scans at an australian hospital in 2014 . however the results were negative and no further testing occurred . a doctor who examined the young man following the attack revealed his injuries were self-inflicted . he was also reportedly addicted to crystal methamphetamine , locally known in south africa as tik , and his allowance was cut off before his family were attacked . henri has been living with his uncle , her breda , since the attack and has been receiving counselling . his uncle denied rumours the police wanted to keep him away from a private memorial service held for his deceased family - insisting he was simply being hidden from the media 's gaze . popular : rudi van breda was popular with his friends at trinity college and the university of melbourne . separated siblings : rudi ( left ) was killed during the attack , while marli ( right ) remains in a critical but stable condition in a south african hospital . a close family friend described the van bredas as ' a perfect family ' . ' for obvious reasons henri is very heartbroken , and we will support him as the family , ' he was quoted in the times . ' we as a family are here for him , we will not disappoint him ... i promised henri i wo n't drop him . ' no one has been charged over the attack on the family and marli has a round-the-clock police guard . the family were based in perth and the sunshine coast in australia , before returning to south africa in mid-2014 . the van breda family lived on the estate of the de zalze golf club ( pictured ) about 50km east of cape town . police leaving he de zalze housing estate in stellenbosch , south africa , where three members of the van breda family were killed and two injured on january 27 . forensics expert retrieves a flashlight from a police vehicle at the upmarket de zalze housing estate in stellenbosch , south africa , where three members of the van breda family were killed .