a labour councillor 's son accused of trying to enter syria illegally with eight family members has been arrested as he landed back in the uk . university student waheed ahmed , 21 , from rochdale , greater manchester , was held at birmingham airport in the early hours of this morning by anti-terrorism police . he was deported by the turkish authorities and flown back to britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers last night . ahmed and eight of his relatives - including four children ranging from a one-year-old baby to an 11-year-old - were stopped on the turkish border with syria on april 1 . scroll down for video . arrested : waheed ahmed , the 21-year-old son of a labour councillor , has been held at birmingham airport after returning for allegedly trying to sneak into syria with eight members of his family ( pictured in turkey ) . convoy : ahmed was seen being moved by turkish police on sunday and then put on a monarch-operated flight from dalaman which landed at birmingham airport at 12.14am today . they were arrested by turkish police within walking distance of the border with syria in the town of reyhanli earlier this month . ahmed was filmed leaving antakya police station in the hatay province in southern turkey and getting on a coach to antalya , which is 500 miles to the west , on sunday . and he is believed to have arrived back in the uk on monarch-operated flight zb 909 from dalaman which landed at birmingham airport at 12.14am today . greater manchester police said they are working to ensure the safe return of the rest of the group , which included four children aged one , three , eight and 11 . in a statement , the force said : ' in the early hours of tuesday 14 april 2015 , a 21-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism at birmingham airport ' . all smiles : waheed ahmed looks relaxed as he begins his journey back to the uk after being caught trying to sneak into syria with eight family members . on the way home : the 21-year-old , sporting a shaved head , was filmed being escorted from a vehicle . late yesterday a 31-year-old man was arrested in rochdale for the same offence . labour councillor shakil ahmed arriving back at his home today bur he refused to comment on his son 's arrest . fellow passengers said they were held in their seats before a man thought to be ahmed , from rochdale , greater manchester , was whisked off the plane . one man who was on the flight said : ' we landed and taxied to the terminal and then there was an announcement over the tannoy . ' it said someone needed special assistance and we had to remain in our seats . ' then a plain-clothed policeman got on the plane and escorted someone off . it was quite far away from me so i could n't make out what they looked like . ' there were other police officers on the tarmac too and they got into a car and drove off . it all happened very quickly . ' other travellers said they saw a police van and car driving away from a side exit at the airport shortly after the plane landed . the student 's father , labour councillor shakil ahmed - who has been pictured with party leader ed miliband - previously said he wanted his son ' to come home as soon as possible ' . mr ahmed , who sits on rochdale borough council , thought his son had been in birmingham on a work placement when he discovered that he had been detained in turkey . police searched the councillor 's home earlier this month for clues about why ahmed had travelled to the country . in a statement councillor shakil ahmed said : ' my son is a good muslim and his loyalties belong to britain , so i do n't understand what he 's doing there . ' if i thought for a second that he was in danger of being radicalised , i would have reported him to the authorities . ' he 's studying a degree in politics and sociology at manchester university and has a good future ahead of him . ' waheed ahmed , 21 , is the son of rochdale labour councillor shakil ahmed ( pictured above with ed miliband ) . greater manchester police and the north west counter terrorism unit have launched an investigation to establish why the group apparently tried to enter syria . assistant chief constable ian wiggett said the primary concern was the ' safety and welfare ' of the children , and efforts were being made to ensure a ' full safeguarding strategy ' was in place upon their return .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .