a man who fled to south africa in the hope of a better life has been brutally murdered by a mob who are believed to have attacked him purely because he came from mozambique . shocking images capture the moment the armed gang surround emmanuel sithole and repeatedly stab him with knives and bludgeon him with a wrench in alexandra township near johannesburg . in a chilling twist the victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack himself . doctors tried in vain to save mr sithole 's life . his cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from a mobile phone found in his pocket . attack : shocking images capture the moment the armed gang surround emmanuel sithole and repeatedly stab him with knives and bludgeon him with a wrench in alexandra township near johannesburg . sick : as emmanuel sithole lay injured in the gutter another thug saw what was going on and joined in the attack using a knife to stab him repeatedly while the first attacked continued to beat him with the wrench . the brutal attack was captured on camera on saturday morning by a journalist from south africa 's sunday times newspaper who was in the neighbourhood to interview a number of foreign-born shopkeepers who 'd had their businesses looted overnight . but as children played in the streets and onlookers stopped to inspect the damage from the previous evening , the mozambique-born passer-by was brutally attacked without warning by a man carrying a metal wrench . as mr sithole sat injured in the gutter another thug saw what was going on and joined in the attack using a knife to stab him repeatedly while the first attacked continued to beat him with the wrench . a third attacker - wearing a grey hoodie - then reportedly entered the fray , running over and kicking mr sithole in the head as he pulled out a large butcher 's knife . before he had the chance to use the knife a witness intervened and the three men fled the scene . it was too late for mr sithole , however , who managed to stumble along the road pleading for help for his fatal injuries before collapsing fatally injured in a rubbish-strewn gutter . under siege : the brutal attack was captured on camera on saturday morning by a journalist from south africa 's sunday times newspaper who was in the neighbourhood to interview a number of foreign-born shopkeepers who 'd had their businesses looted overnight . beaten : as children played in the streets and onlookers stopped to inspect the damage from the previous evening , the mozambique-born passer-by was brutally attacked without warning by a man carrying a metal wrench . savage : another thug saw what was going on and joined in the attack using a knife to stab emmanuel sithole repeatedly . witnesses , including the journalist , took mr sithole in the back of a car to a nearby medical centre but found it was closed because the foreign-born duty doctor had failed to turn up for his shift because he feared being attacked by the xenophobic hordes rampaging through the township . during the subsequent journey to a hospital , mr sithole 's condition deteriorated as he screamed and winced in agony before he eventually fell unconscious . porters initially refused to take the man into the hospital as he appeared to be dead but , after spotting him choking he was rushed inside the building where doctors tried in vain to save his life . the cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from a mobile phone found in his pocket . following the attack , fearful immigrants in south africa revealed they had been targeted by longtime neighbors and people who warned they would assault anyone carrying a foreign passport . the immigrants spoke at a tent camp where they are now living having fled alexandra when the mobs began attacking shops owned by those from other african countries . harrowing : a third attacker then entered the fray , running over and kicking mr sithole in the head as he pulled out a large butcher 's knife . brave : before the man had the chance to use the large knife , a witness intervened and the three attackers fled the scene . the violence in alexandra township followed anti-immigrant riots in and around the coastal city of durban that killed at least six people , recalling a bout of similar unrest in south africa in 2008 in which about 60 people died . the message from the mobs in alexandra was , ' we do n't want to see people with passports . we only want to see people with south african ids , ' said veronica lechaea , who comes from the southern african country of lesotho and has lived in south africa since 2008 . lechaea , who works as an office cleaner in johannesburg , left her home in alexandra and sought refuge in a camp set up on the grounds of an anglican church by the charity gift of the givers . she said she makes about $ 250 a month and sends half of the money home to lesotho to support her 12-year-old son , who is living there with his grandparents . the attacks stem from a perception that immigrants are taking jobs at the expense of south africans in a country with high unemployment . many people from other countries have entered south africa illegally , though the government has said a large number are working legally and contributing to economic development . some african countries are arranging to repatriate their fearful citizens , and there have been protests and calls in malawi , zimbabwe and other regional nations for a boycott of south african goods . dying : witnesses took mr sithole in the back of a car to a nearby medical centre but found it was closed because the foreign-born duty doctor had failed to turn up for his shift because he feared being attacked by the xenophobic hordes rampaging through the township . fatally wounded : in a chilling twist the victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because the a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack himself . during the subsequent journey to hospital , mr sithole 's condition deteriorated as he screamed in agony before eventually falling unconscious . south africa has one of the biggest economies in africa and it is unclear whether any boycott would have a significant impact . immigrants from asia and the middle east have also been affected by the violence in south africa . sandra ngwanya , a chicken seller from zimbabwe who also left her alexandra home for the gift of the givers camp , said her neighbors told her : ''we are going to go door to door , taking your stuff and beating you . so we want you to go back to your country . '' ngwanya , who has lived in south africa since 2006 and married a south african , said she left her two young children with cousins and hoped to go home soon . ' they are saying it 's quiet . the police are all over the place . i want to go and check on our stuff , ' said ngwanya , whose husband works in a mine outside johannesburg and planned to return to check on his family . however , some people at the camp said the situation remained volatile .