the parents of a california boy who was briefly kidnapped as he slept in the family car while it was stolen from their driveway have now filed a complaint against the very same police force that found him just hours later . paul guzman of fairfield , california , the father of 8-year-old brock guzman , took video that he claims shows police throwing his wife suzanne on the ground in handcuffs just moments after they reported their son missing . this after suzanne refused to let the officers into their home , something paul claims she was doing for their own safety . scroll down for videos . brock guzman ( above with parents paul and suzanne ) was taken from his home when someone stole the family car from their driveway as he slept inside monday morning . his parents , paul and suzanne , are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated after they reported the incident , with suzanne being thrown to the ground handcuffed ( above ) . shortly before this incident , at around 4:45am on monday , paul claims he was getting ready to drive brock to school when he left the sleeping boy in the car to run inside and grab something . while inside , someone stole the car , and he and his wife immediately called officers . when they arrived on the scene they said suzanne refused to let them in , and that they thought appeared to be blood inside the home . that is when suzanne reportedly grew belligerent , and can be heard cursing on their body cams , at which point they restrained her . she can be heard saying at one point ; ' i ca n't breathe ! i ca n't breathe ! ' paul told abc 7 however that his wife was just trying to protect the officers from one of their two dogs in the house , who would have likely attacked them when they came inside . suzanne ( above ) was handcuffed and thrown to the ground by officers , something paul claims he captured in a video . and while police found their son in the car roughly two miles away shortly after , and the young boy read a letter thanking them , paul is still upset . ' we were treated like criminals , ' he said . they have now hired an attorney , but former fbi agent rick smith seems to think they may not have a case against police . ' the people being interviewed get a little defensive , which is natural , police are used to that , ' he explained . ' but i think there 's a little bit of undue sensitivity here on the part of the family . ' meanwhile , police are still trying to determine who took the car with brock .