riff lets you film videos and uploaded them to th e app . friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video . despite being launched on april fool 's day , and using an # aprilfools hashtag to promote its features , facebook 's latest app is reportedly not a hoax . called riff , it lets you film videos and upload them to facebook and the app . friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video to create a collaborative project . the app was created by london-based developers through facebook 's creative labs . it is available for free on ios and android . the app 's homepage has a row of featured clips , each tagged with a certain topic . for example , one tagged # balancingact features six clips in total and includes a dog balancing a banana on its head followed by a skateboarder , and a woman balancing books on her head . each video has a counter that shows how many clips are attached , and which clip in the sequence the viewer is currently watching . it also shows how many people have viewed the total project . individual clips can be reported for inappropriate content , for example , by clicking the menu button in the top right-hand corner of a clip and clicking the red whistle icon . elsewhere , videos can be shared on social networks , over email and in messaging apps . it does n't reveal what the maximum number of clips in a project is , but each clip can be no longer than 10 seconds . the app 's homepage has a row of featured clips , each tagged with a certain topic . for example , one tagged # balancingact features six clips in total and includes a dog balancing a banana on its head followed by a skateboarder , and a woman balancing books on her head ( pictured ) . to start a video , users click ' start new video ' , choose a topic ( left ) and press the arrow . videos can be filmed multiple times until the user is happy with the result , and then the clip is uploaded . each video has a counter that shows how many clips are attached and how many people have viewed the project ( top right ) . to start a video , users click ' start new video ' , choose a topic and press the arrow . videos can be filmed multiple times until the user is happy with the result , and then they are uploaded . all videos are public . each video has a counter that shows how many clips are attached , and which clip in this sequence the viewer is currently watching . it also shows how many people have viewed the total project . individual clips can be reported for inappropriate content , for example , by clicking the menu button in the top right-hand corner of a clip and clicking the red whistle icon . and to start a video users click ' start new video ' , choose a topic , and press the arrow . videos can also be filmed multiple times until the user is happy with the result , and then they are uploaded . all videos are public . ' having fun with friends is at the heart of the facebook experience , ' said facebook in a blog post . ' our hunch was that if you could make videos collaboratively , the creative process would be more fun and the final product would be cooler . ' today , we are introducing riff , a creative tool to make videos with friends . ' once a friend adds a clip to a video , a user 's friend’s friends will also be shown the video in riff and will be able to add to it . ' the potential pool of creative collaborators can grow exponentially from there , so a short video can become an inventive project between circles of friends that you can share to facebook , or anywhere on the internet , at any time , ' continued the blog post . if it is a hoax then it is an elaborate one that facebook has continued for longer than april fool 's day .  