who can resist boden’s bright knits and floral prints ? i most certainly can’t writes clare goldwin . well , not when it comes to my seven-year-old , ella , anyway . for years , i’ve happily forked out on pricey but irresistibly cute items for her from mini boden . but when it comes to buying clothes from boden for myself , i’ve always steered clear . their traditional and instantly recognisable staples of cotton shifts and ‘mumsy’ jersey dresses , not to mention ‘jaunty’ prints in eye-catching colours , have always been a big no-no for me . clare goldwin ( pictured ) admits that she will sometimes fork out for boden 's brightly printed clothes for her daughter but not herself as she does n't want to be labelled a boden ' yummy mummy ' . who wants to be labelled a boden ‘ yummy mummy’ at 50 paces , and bump into countless other mothers in identical uniforms on the school-run ? for many years , boden — which launched in 1991 — made a success of its appeal to the ‘sloane’ market . but recently , the company has experienced more challenging times . profits plummeted 42 per cent in 2011 and , while they rose again in 2012 , they remained flat for 2013 . now , however , boden seems to have finally cracked it , and the fashion world is raving about their latest collections . glossy magazines have praised their spring/summer shoe range for its nods to designer brands . and they’ve even seduced the notoriously difficult u.s. market , where sales are soaring . experts are putting the success down to the use of luxury fabrics , with more cashmere and silk mixes , plus more limited-edition pieces — so there’s less chance of bumping into someone wearing the same outfit . they’re also attracting customers by toning down their colour palette , so the look is not so ‘ sweet shop’ , and making many of the prints more sophisticated and subtle . so , can this latest collection keep its core , middle-class customers happy , while appealing to the more fashionable woman ? with the mid-season sale now on , i tried a selection of their latest outfits to see whether this boden sceptic could be persuaded . . . top trousers . colour-block coat , was £179 , now £107.40 ; jumper , was £89 , now £53.40 ; trousers , were £69 , now £48.30 ; suede-heeled sandals , £119 ( all boden.co.uk ) i usually avoid boden , fearing it will make me look frumpy . and on the hanger , these trousers look like a case in point — with their elasticated waist , they look like shapeless tracksuit bottoms . once on , though , they’re bang on trend , with slim legs tapering to an elasticated cuff . i’d even wear them for an evening out — though perhaps in a plain colour . the jumper has three-quarter sleeves and cute french-knot decorations like little flowers . meanwhile , the two-tone coat has been carefully considered , down to contrast stitching in the lining . the darker blocks are slimming , too , though the green is a bit insipid for my taste . 3/5 . fab ... if i was 20 ! dress , was £199 , now £119.40 ; mules , were £119 , now £89.25 . at first glance , this dress looks like classic ‘ yummy mummy’ boden . and it does me no favours — making me look mumsy , busty and frumpy . that’s not because the dress is dowdy , but because it’s too fashion-forward — and i’m too old to be wearing it . with its a-line sixties silhouette and alarmingly thigh-skimming length , this is the sort of frock that might be found in topshop . it would look fantastic on a lithe 20-year-old or someone more flat-chested . sadly , it doesn’t flatter this 42-year-old mother-of-two . it’s hard to work out if this is a miss by boden , or the company taking aim at a younger crowd . the mules are very on-trend , though , and , with their teetering heel , far from the sensible-heeled shoes i associate with boden . 2/5 . perky print . geometric print dress , was £99 , now £69.30 ; suede t-bar heels with green tassels , £119 . this purple and tangerine geometric shift is a world away from boden’s usual floral prints . it would work well on bustier women , as the smaller pattern on the upper half helps minimise larger breasts , while the plain band accentuates the waist . the length is just above the knee , so it’s not too daring for those over 40 — though i wouldn’t want it any shorter . meanwhile , the shoes are fab . the t-bar heels are right on trend and come with a twist : contrasting purple toes and quirky green tassel detail . usually , ankle straps make legs look shorter by cutting them off — but here , the strap sits lower down the foot , lengthening and flattering the legs . 3/5 . fifties wonder . floral dress , was £139 , now £97.30 ; mules , were £119 , now £89.25 . on first sight , this look screams old-style boden — a cotton shift dress in a flower print . but , unlike the shapeless floral shifts of old , this one is cut in a very fashionable fifties shape , with a square neckline and tulip skirt . the viscose/cotton fabric has a sheen to it , which gives a luxurious feel , and the flowers are big and bold — almost abstract — with flashes of lime that stop it all from looking too girly . it’s chintzy , but in a good way . this is also a slightly longer , more flattering , length and would be great for a wedding or summer party . the mules — this time in lime — are the perfect finishing touch . 5/5 . slimming skirt . cashmere jumper , was £99 , now £49.50 ; print pencil skirt , was £89 , now £62.30 ; suede-heeled sandals , were £119 , now £95.20 . i would never have guessed this pink and green , diamond-print , cotton pencil skirt was from boden . it’s a more eye-catching look than i’m used to wearing , and i’d usually shy away from crew-neck jumpers , too , as i think the high neckline accentuates my broad shoulders . but once on , the warm , pink sweater suits my pale colouring and the effect of the skirt is eye-catching , sharp and very slimming . the length is on the knee for me — but i’m 5 ft 10 in , so for most women , this would come in just below the knee . with 3 per cent elastane , there’s also a little forgiving stretch . i pair it with the suede sandals , this time in pink . still love them . this look is a surprise hit . 4/5 . floaty dream . cream silk shirt , £99 ; floral skirt , £99 ; sandals , as before . oooh , this silk shirt and full skirt combination looks like the sort of outfit i remember my mum wearing in the eighties . but will i look like a mumsy frump ? while the skirt is in a traditional floral print , it’s not made from plain cotton , as you might expect from boden , but has a gorgeous organza silk overlay , so it’s floaty and delicate . while the full skirt style isn’t very slimming , it’s a fifties shape that’s right on trend and swishes nicely . the blouse is very similar to those made by chic french brand equipment , even down to the breast pocket detail . except there , blouses will set you back over £200 , while this is half that . again , i love the shoes . these suede sandals are simple , elegant and very comfortable . 3/5 . eighties horror . blouse , was £69 , now £48.30 ; skinny pants , £49 ; pointed slingback flats , £79 ; leather bag , was £110 , now £82.50 . this is my least favourite look . the floaty , geometric top has a very orla kiely-esque print , but i think it makes me look dowdy . meanwhile , the stretchy , navy pants give me nasty flashbacks to the leggings i used to wear as a teenager in the eighties , and they make my legs look stumpy and lumpy . however , the slingback flats in a pretty aqua are very fashion-forward — designers ranging from jimmy choo to antonio berardi have brought out pointed , flat slingbacks this season . and the aqua bag is very ladylike . 2/5 . so , am i convinced ? ok , there’s a lot that will keep faithful boden fans happy , but i’ve been reassured there are enough new pieces to make even sceptics like me look past its mumsy bright prints . in particular i love the shoes . they’ve definitely persuaded me to put in an order .  