the girlfriend of a google engineer who died in the deadly avalanche on mount everest described him as a magical person whose purpose in life was to constantly challenge himself . ashley arenson said boyfriend dan fredinburg , 33 , had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted . the arkansas-native is one of four americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit nepal on saturday , causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp . ashley arenson ( left ) said boyfriend dan fredinburg , 33 , had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted . he was one of the four american citizens to die at mount everest during the deadly avalanche on saturday . arenson revealed that the google engineer and arkansas-native wanted to return to mount everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year - when 16 people were killed . after hearing the news of his death . arenson posted an image of fridenburg wearing a white t-shirt on instagram alongside the message : modern day superman . this photo was taken at the laundry , sf during construction in september . ' pure joy overcame @ danfredinburg as he showed me one of the ways he is going to change the world . ' speaking to cnn , arenson said : ' he 's brought out the best version in me . he would constantly make you want to be the best person you can . ' all of his choices were to help him become happy . ' he had this way of making the people around him just feel special without even trying , and make people feel like they could accomplish anything they wanted , ' she added . she revealed that he wanted to return to mount everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year - when 16 people were killed . the arkansas school of math graduate had planned to attempt to reach the summit , when his trip was cancelled . he had been travelling to the himalayas frequently as part of the google adventures team , who were mapping out extreme routes around the world . ' i do n't think dan would want people to do just one thing . he would want them to constantly challenge themselves , ' arenson said . ' what dan would want is for every single person out there to live life to the fullest and live in the moment because that 's what he did . that 's how he lived his life . ' arenson sat alongside one of fredinburg 's closest friends michael north . the couple often went on adventures together and would share their experiences on instagram . arenson said fredinnburg brought out the best in her . on this social media post four months ago , arenson said she could n't wait to be reunited with her ' partner in crime ' . the pair met again before he set off to everest for the expedition . the pair were wearing yellow scarves , which are given during a nepalese ceremony to ensure safe passage over the mountain . he said : ' we would say dan had this ability to create a reality-distortion field . that he had so much power , he could change reality ... he would make the world just such a happy , vibrant place to be . ' north also started a company with fredinburg called save the ice , a group which travels the world to document climate change hotspots . they released a statement following his death saying : ' save the ice mourns the loss of our co-founder dan fredinburg , who perished during this morning 's avalanche while climbing mt . everest for our `` expedition everest '' campaign . we have lost a great friend , inspiring adventurer , and , above all , a warrior for the planet . ' his friends have since uploaded a crowdrise page in fredinburg 's memory , with all the funds going to relief efforts and an orphanage he was involved in . more than $ 38,000 has been raised so far . fredinburg started at google in 2007 . beforehand he graduated from the arkansas school of math , science and art in hot springs in 1999 , before moving on with his career . he started at the technology company as product manager and then head of privacy at google x , the company 's secretive arm best known for ' moonshot ' projects such as the self-driving car . fredinburg had been travelling to the himalayas frequently as part of the google adventures team , who were mapping out extreme routes around the world . after hearing the news of his death . arenson posted an image of fredinburg wearing a white t-shirt on instagram alongside a message which began : ' modern day superman ' . before dan fredinburg left for his everest expedition , his girlfriend gave him a bundle of letters he could only open when he reached the summit . it is not known whether he got a chance to read them . close friend max stossel posted a picture of the message he wrote to his late friend on facebook on saturday alongside a tribute . part of it read : ' your story has already greatly impacted mine for the better . with each adventure you return with stories that most people would n't dream of experiencing themselves . ' thank you for pushing the human race to be greater , more daring , and to truly live life rather than survive it . ' fridenburg 's friend max stossel posted a picture of the letter he wrote to his late friend on saturday alongside a tribute . in it he said : ' your story has already greatly impacted mine for the better ' .