a newly-released video has highlighted the shocking - and arguably discriminatory - price differences between near-identical products and everyday services offered to women and men , the clip , which was created by hln 's the daily share , illustrates the prevalence of this ' women 's tax ' to shocking affect by directly comparinga variety of different products and services aimed at men and women and then revealing the price differences . even more disappointing is that this practice of ' invisible tax ' is not only found almost everywhere , but it is entirely legal in almost every state in the us - even when the products or services are exactly the same for both genders . scroll down for video . that price could use a shave : the daily share found that the differences between these razors of the same brand differed by more than a dollar between the men 's and women 's versions . compounded with the fact that women make , on average , 78 cents on the dollar to men , the facts prove than gender bias is more than just offensive , it 's also very expensive . for example , a schick’s hydro 5 men’s razor was picked up for $ 8.56 , but the women 's version - the schick hydro silk - was , for some reason , given more than a one dollar mark-up , and was priced at $ 9.97 . an even greater disparity was found in the perfume aisle , where narciso rodriguez eau de toilettes for him and for her respectively cost $ 87 and $ 106.60 . meanwhile , a pair of neutrogena anti-aging creams with the exact same ingredients were also found to inexplicably cost women $ 1.07 more per ounce - despite the skincare brand admitting that the two products were essentially the exact same product encased in different packaging . one of the few equal prices found by the video 's creators was , of course , on a unisex american apparel shirt . but when a man and a woman each dropped off the exact same shirt to get dry-cleaned , the woman was charged an extra 75 cents - and the tag even labelled the laundered item as a ' lady shirt ' . something smells fishy : there is almost a ful 20 dollar difference between the his and hers versions of this brand of cologne . seriously ? the presenters claim that the exact same shirt dropped off at a dry cleaners cost more to clean when a woman brought it in . the two presenters do point out that conditions are getting slightly better ; medical insurance used to cost women in america $ 1 billion more each year before obamacare outlawed the practice of gender-biased pricing discrimination . however , in terms of everyday gender-taxing across the country , a 1995 report found that ' gender tax ' cost women approximately $ 1,351 annually - a number which does n't show any signs of decreasing any time soon . and while the shocking statistics in the caused california to put a state-wide ban on the practice in 1996 , with new york city also opting to impose a similar ban on gender pricing , the rest of the us continues to allow the practice . even something as basic as long-term care insurance costs women 13 per cent more , a hike they apparently base on the fact that women have longer life-spans - in the same way that they raise rates on smokers . ' but people choose to smoke , ' says the female presenter . ' i did n't choose to be a woman . '