lib dem danny alexander could be given a peerage in a bid to keep him in his treasury post in a second coalition , it emerged today . the high-flyer and close ally of nick clegg , who has won praise as george osborne’s second-in-command , is on course to lose his seat to the scottish nationalists . he would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the snp surge which is set to take the seats of many of scotland 40 labour and 11 lib dem mps on may 7 . scroll down for video . lib dem danny alexander could be given a peerage in a bid to keep him in his treasury post in a second coalition . but one plan said to be under consideration by the party , is to keep the 42-year-old mp inverness mp as chief secretary to the treasury by giving him a lifetime sinecure in the house of lords . other party stalwarts likely to be ennobled after the election are former leaders charles kennedy who may lose his seat of ross , skye and lochaber , and sir menzies campbell who is standing down . the lib dems believe in ultimately tearing up the current house of lords and making it a fully elected chamber . their interim plan is to cut the number of peers to 450 . however while they wait for support from other parties for lords reform , they are likely to continue adding to the ranks of their 99 appointed and four hereditary lib dem peers . nick clegg , pictured in portsmouth today , has claimed the lib dems would serve as the ‘heart’ of a tory-led government , opposing welfare cuts , or the ‘brains’ of a labour one – reining in borrowing . if made a peer , mr alexander could serve as a minister in a second coalition particularly with the tories who he has worked closely with as a member of the ‘quad’ which approved coalition policy . according to party rules , a coalition with either the tories or labour would have to be voted on by lib dem members , who may oppose it , in the belief that the party needs a spell in opposition . but schools minister david laws made clear last week that many of the frontbench are keen for another term , saying the party still have an ‘ appetite for power’ . a spokesman for mr alexander refused to rule out that he would ever take a peerage , but said no such plans were under consideration and that he believed he would retain his seat . the treasury chief , who is said to have ambitions for the party leadership , is likely to have no difficulty finding a role in the city or a global financial institution . if a second coalition were formed , nick clegg has claimed the lib dems would serve as the ‘heart’ of a tory-led government , opposing welfare cuts , or the ‘brains’ of a labour one – reining in borrowing . mr clegg has appeared in public several times in recent weeks to make economic announcement with david laws , who held the treasury job before mr alexander . mr alexander has attacked the conservatives’ plans to slash £12billion from the welfare bill as a ‘ dangerous deceit’ , and accused them of trying to ‘ balance the books on the backs of the working poor . ’ he said last week : ‘ we said we will talk first to whichever party has strongest mandate from the electorate . it is for the electorate to decide who has the strongest mandate , who has the most seats in parliament . that is who we talk to first . ’ a spokesman for mr alexander said the plan for a peerage was ‘ complete , total , utter nonsense’ . he said : ‘ danny is focused on one thing which is retaining his seat and he’s working very hard to do that . it’s obviously a fight but he will do miles better than these wretched polls suggest . ’ a lib dem spokesman said : ‘ this is not on our radar . charles kennedy is not going to lose his seat and danny alexander is not going to lose his seat , we’ve seen the figures . they are fighting to get back into parliament and we believe they will be successful so this is not relevant . ’