an assistant school principal in texas has received a lenient sentence after admitting to sneaking off with an 18-year-old student during a prom event in 2012 and having sex with the girl in his office . light sentence : mark west , 32 , will serve four months prison and eight years probation for having sex with a student in 2012 . mark steven west , 32 , who is married with a child , was sentenced tuesday to four months in jail followed by eight years probation after pleading guilty to the improper relationship while working at spring high school in spring , texas . he had previously said the girl instigated the moment , seducing him by saying she was ' feeling horny ' . the girl admitted as such to police also , telling them she encouraged west to have sex . but despite the light punishment , the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment , saying that just three weeks after the incident the girl graduated , which would have made their encounter legal . ' you did it because you enjoyed the attention of young girls , ' state district judge catherine evans said , according to the chron . ' we 're talking about a razor thin margin of three weeks between what separates a felony crime from a poor decision to have an inappropriate extramarital affair . ' state law prohibits educators having sex with students . west apologized to the court , saying he made ' bad decisions made on impulses ' and was being ' selfish ' . school officials were first tipped off to the allegations after hearing rumors and seeing inappropriate interactions between west and certain students at the school on separate occasions , according to court documents . he tickled one girl , lifted up another , and was accused of making inappropriate comments to two others . west was interviewed by a senior staff member at spring high school in texas in december 2012 after administrators heard that he made a sexual remark about one female student and possibly had sex with another . he was also investigated in the 2011-2012 school year for inappropriately touching a female student on her lower back . no charges were filed due to lack of evidence but he was ordered not to have any contact with female students . one staff member said she was extremely uncomfortable by the number of lengthy ' closed door meetings ' west was having with female students . the staff member said she observed students leaving his office , smiling and laughing , with their clothes and hair disheveled . scene : west has resigned from his post as assistant principal at spring high school , texas , after the incident became public . he eventually pleaded guilty and no longer works as a teacher . she also saw west ' body slam ' a female student , in a playful manner , on a couch in the lobby office . students told investigators about rumors that west had sex with a student at the 2012 project prom event . the woman , who is now at college , told investigators she seduced west . she told investigators that she came on to west first and that he initially refused her advances , according to court documents . she said she started to flirt and talk with west , allegedly telling him that she ' was horny and wanted to have sex with him ' . the woman said she continued her advances until he agreed to meet her in his upstairs office . once alone , the two of them began to kiss and then had sex , investigators said . west denied having sex with the student , but authorities felt they had enough evidence to file charges . he was placed on administrative leave and then resigned . while he maintained his innocent for some time , west finally admitted what he had done and pleaded guilty . spring high school principal donna ullrich issued a statement to parents , writing at the time of west 's arrest : ' i want to assure you that the safety of our students is of the highest importance at spring high school . ' the criminal history and references of job applicants are routinely checked before they are hired . ' the administration at spring high school takes every allegation seriously and will conduct a thorough investigation and expose inappropriate behavior when necessary . ' west 's wife testified at his hearing that he is still not working as a teacher . the prosecution had pushed for a much higher sentence , reiterating that he was not just a teacher , but a principal . west does not have to register as a sex offender .