the ecb are not living up to their promise of fresh transparency under a new regime by keeping secret the job description for the director of england cricket . the confidential details were sent by email to potential candidates for the post , front-runners for which are former england captains andrew strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart . but the work parameters will not appear on the ecb website or that of headhunters sports recruitment international , as would be the normal procedure . ecb chairman colin graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for england . former england captain andrew strauss ( pictured here in 2011 ) is among the front-runners for the job . it is understood the ecb , who say there will be a proper recruitment procedure , do n't want any publicity about the job specification . it might well be altered in various ways during the interview process so their chosen man is happy with the scope of his responsibilities . it is not expected that the new appointment will have to go to every england game . that will please head coach peter moores , who talked of the danger of having too many voices in the dressing room after the antigua test . but the cricket director will have the main say over coach and captain and set the overall playing strategy . sports psychiatrist steve peters , who is credited with having helped jonathan trott recover from situational anxieties well enough for him to return to the test arena , talked briefly this week about how he is aiding the england batsman . england star jonathan trott has overcome situational anxieties following work with psychiatrist steve peters . peters , before giving a lecture on his role as undergraduate dean of the university of sheffield medical school , said he was n't equipped to give guidance on the technical batting problems that led to trott 's two failures in antigua . but he concentrates on ensuring , through skype sessions , that trott is in the best state of mind to succeed while being able to put any cricket setback into proper perspective . chelsea manager jose mourinho appears to have enjoyed yet another big payday by fronting a jaguar promotion of their new car supply deal for the wimbledon championships . mourinho , who was shown around the all england club by chairman-in-waiting and fellow jaguar ambassador tim henman , is a tennis fan who goes to the world tour finals at the o2 and counts rafa nadal as a friend , even inviting him to chelsea matches . chelsea manager jose mourinho has begun fronting a new promotional campaign on behalf of jaguar . it has emerged that keith pelley , the canadian media mogul chosen as chief executive of golf 's european tour , was not the only non-european in the running . so was the second choice , and there was also an american on the short-list . the message seems to have been that the tour did n't want to antagonise the rest of europe by appointing another brit following the long , successful reigns of ken schofield and george o'grady . however , pelley , despite his lack of golf knowledge , is seen as a good appointment , mainly because of his tv rights acumen . keith pelley ( right ) . o'sullivan going to pot ? five-time world snooker champion ronnie o'sullivan , who has suffered from depression and missed most of the 2012-13 season with personal issues , does n't seem to be in the best frame of mind ahead of this year 's world championship judging by a call he made while on the london-sheffield train last saturday . o'sullivan leans across the table as he lines up a shot during the first round of the world championships . the rocket , who leads debutant craig steadman 7-2 in his first-round match , was overhead saying that he was n't happy and was ready to retire again . o'sullivan said in hearing of around 10 passengers travelling in the same first-class carriage : ' it 's no good . i do n't need any of this . i 've got my eurosport work , i 've got money . i only came back to revive my career . tony mccoy , the greatest ever jump jockey who retires from riding at sandown on saturday , has an open offer to join channel 4 , who would greatly benefit from his stardust . but mccoy , although sure to make occasional tv appearances , is more likely to work inside jp mcmanus ' racing empire . legendary jockey ap mccoy is set to retire from racing on saturday and could now pursue punditry . with so many premier league clubs having absentee owners , it 's refreshing to hear that etty smith , the 95-year-old mother of norwich majority shareholder delia , still regularly attends games at carrow road . 