his neighbors would n't let him build a film studio . so george lucas is retaliating in a way that only the cream of hollywood could - by building the largest affordable housing development in the area . the complex of affordable housing , funded and designed by the star wars director , would provide homes to 224 low-income families . and there 's very little his fellow bay area residents can do about it . scroll down for video . making waves : george lucas has unveiled plans to build an affordable housing complex on the plot of land in lucas valley , bay area , which his neighbors are determined to leave untouched . lucas dropped plans for a lucasfilm ltd studio complex on lucas valley road in 2012 . citing opposition from neighbors , a spokesman said they did not want to be seen as an ' evil empire ' . but it seems the award-winning director is determined to do something with the 1,039 acres of land on his grady ranch estate in marin county , california . the project , submitted for planning on wednesday , would span 52 acres and cost around $ 200m . just a few meters from his own skywalker ranch , the community would consist of two complexes . one would contain 120 two-bedroom and three-bedroom homes for low-income families . the other would be for pensioners : a four-story building with 104 one-bedroom or two-bedroom apartments . because lucas proposes to fund the project himself , his lawyers say he has the right to select who lives there . however , his representatives insist the project is not a form of retaliation . ' he said `` we 've got enough millionaires here . what we need is some houses for regular working people '' , ' his lawyer gary giacomini told cbs . scrapped : this was a rendering of the film studio that lucas planned to build on the estate but was overruled . idyllic : the 224-home community would be built in this idyllic spot of california for low-income families . marin county supervisor steve kinsey told the station : ' george lucas said , `` if i’m not going to do what i wanted to do there , what can i do that would be really beneficial to this community ? '' ' it is not the first time lucas has courted controversy . in november 2014 , residents of chicago filed a lawsuit against lucas ' plans to build a museum along the shore of lake michigan . the case was a major blow to the lucas museum of narrative art , a shrine his collection of art and movie memorabilia , after negotiations over a waterfront site fell through with san francisco . 