historian david starkey has launched an astonishing attack on the ' victim status ' of ethnic minorities and disabled people - and says women are only of average intelligence . the television presenter also gave his views on the current political class , claiming he did not believe any politician was equipped to be prime minister and the ' real talent has left politics ' . the outspoken 70-year-old said evidence suggested women tended to be of average intelligence , whereas men were either ' very , very bright or very thick ' , but denied he is sexist . scroll down for video . outspoken : historian david starkey ( pictured ) says ethnic minority groups and disabled people should not ' assume the status of victim ' . in a wide-ranging interview with the daily telegraph , he hit out at baroness doreen lawrence , the mother of race murder victim stephen , for following what he claimed was the approach of us civil rights leaders after martin luther king 's death by ' treating blacks as victims ' . he said : ' they espoused victimhood and violence . and i think to a dangerous extent that has happened in this country . with all the praise that 's been lavished on doreen lawrence , she 's constantly treating blacks as victims . ' all forms of liberation , and i speak as gay and i was in all this when it was n't fashionable , when you did n't get your cbe for being a prominent poofter , when there were actual penalties for doing it - all of them depend upon you taking control . about you refusing to be a victim . david starkey also hit out at baroness doreen lawrence ( pictured ) , for following what he claimed was the approach of us civil rights leaders after martin luther king 's death by ' treating blacks as victims ' . ' and i find it very , very sad the sway there is now this perpetual procession of people - group after group - wanting to assume the status of victim . it 's catastrophic . ' starkey , who said he was ' born quite seriously disabled ' , added people with physical and mental disabilities should not be portrayed as victims . and he claimed fears of islamophobia were victimising muslims , making them ' therefore somehow privileged and exempt ' . a recent poll showed many muslims reported higher community tensions , with one in three saying they felt under greater suspicion in the last few years , while 44 per cent of non-muslims reporting being more wary .