first it was revealed that lashings of baby oil were used to keep aidan turner 's rippling torso looking suitably divine in the hit bbc sunday night series poldark . then came the admission that while aidan , 31 , very ' definitely ' did not wear mascara to enhance his seductive stares , he was partial to a little eyeliner to define his smouldering eyes . now , it seems eagle-eyed poldark fans have a new question on their lips : just where has aidan 's chest hair gone ? scroll down for video . a good smattering ! has actor aidan turner , who has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique to maximum effect , been ' manscaping ' his once-hairy chest in favour of a less hirsute look ? definitely no ' scything ' here ... aidan 's chest hair looks distinctly more unkempt in this photo shoot for bbc comedy drama being human , which aired earlier this year . new images have emerged of the irish star , whose brooding good looks have seen him capture a million hearts , looking a little more , shall we say , hirsute . in images shot to promote another bbc series being human , the actor , who is dating fellow rising irish star sarah greene , appears to have a much thicker chest of hair , suggesting that he 's done away with his natural rug in a bid to really show off the muscles underneath . although it seems the bbc make-up department may have gone for a little gentle pruning rather than offering up the full , shaven reveal in a bid to stay true to the 18th century male grooming that ross poldark himself might have partaken in . it 's unlikely that such a character would have reached for the razor , so a smattering of hair remains . aidan 's chest has been the subject of much viewer devotion throughout the series so far , thanks to the actor disrobing in plenty of scenes . fans have taken to twitter to comment on the latest poldark male grooming debate . one viewer , @ aidanturner_fan , remarked that she would rather see her favourite star with a full rug : ' asked to shave his chest hair off ? ! ! i 'd rather he had it all ! ' scythed but not clean shaven ? the brooding star has stubble but not the bearded look the actor appears to favour in real life . still brooding but a more natural image : a bearded aidan pictured with his girlfriend sarah greene at the premiere for the hobbit back in 2014 . while others have commented that even a smattering is too much . user laura kate said : ' i just ca n't forgive that chest hair . i just ca n't ! but it 's aiden turner i could try . # poldark ' . and some got hot under the collar at the very thought of it . tattooed_mummy wrote on the social media site : ' i ca n't think of anything other than running my hands through ross poldark 's chest hair . ' the actor has confessed that he is ' inherently lazy ' when it comes to perfecting his body beautiful and only really got in shape for poldark as filming start dates approached . ' i worked hard for six weeks , killing myself in the gym , watching what i eat and staying away from bad food . but i would never , ever do all that if i was n't prepping for a role . that 's the only time it just happens , ' he explained . ' i 'm not like that now . i 'm back to my usual soft self . '   