 an aviation expert has questioned whether the doomed germanwings passenger plane may had its electronics ' hacked ' before it crashed killing all 150 on board . the theory has surfaced in a letter to the respected financial times newspaper from aviation boss matt andersson , president of chicago-based indigo aerospace . the french alps tragedy which occurred on the flight between barcelona to dusseldorf has been widely blamed on co-pilot andreas lubitz , 28 . he is believed to have barricaded himself in the cockpit of the germanwings a320 airbus before flying the packed plane into the mountainside as the captain fought desperately to get inside . scroll down for video . disaster : an aviation expert says an external factor like ' electronic hacking ' could have been to blame for the germanwings plane crash that claimed 150 lives . tragedy : the crash in the alps has been blamed on the co-pilot andreas lubitz who investigators say locked himself in the cockpit and deliberately crashed the jet . investigation : but matt andersson - president of chicago-based indigo aerospace - says any number of causes could have caused the crash . doomed : recordings from the cockpit suggested that co-pilot andreas lubitz ( left ) locked himself in the cockpit while the captain patrick sondenheimer desperately tried to break in . investigators point to a history of mental illness and doctors notes which were hidden from his employer . mr andersson says the french accident investigators are clear that the stricken plane ' accelerated in its descent ' . but he writes in the ft : ' that may be , but it could be from any number of causes , including external electronic hacking into the aircraft 's control and navigation systems through malware or electromagnetic interception . ' ' this is one reason military and head-of-state aircraft are generally installed with specific shielding and additional active protective measures , ' and he stresses : ' civilian aircraft are not . ' mr andersson says the public should reserve final judgment until the investigators have completed their enquiries and come to a firm conclusion . he added : ' the public should patiently wait for a through , multi-party professional air safety investigation , while maintaining an independence of judgment over preliminary official hypotheses . ' setting out his doubts about jumping to conclusions based on preliminary findings , mr andersson said : ' both the cockpit voice recorder ( cvr ) and the flight data recorder ( fdr ) of the germanwings flight 9525 have yet to be subject to international standards . ' until they are , many broad assertions currently presented to the public may turn out to be erroneous , misleading or in some cases lead to improper or counterproductive regulatory and other reactions –including misplaced liability , financial and insurance claims . ' damaged : despite revelations from the plane 's flight data recorders ( pictured ) , mr andersson says the public should reserve final judgment until the investigators have completed their enquiries . aftermath : he claims passenger planes do not have the same level of protection as military jets and someone could have hacked into its ' control and navigation systems through malware or electromagnetic interception ' . since the crash , european air safety chiefs have recommended that two people must remain at all times on the flight deck , requiring a member of cabin crew to step in if one of the two pilots leaves the cockpit . mr andersson writes in the ft that the ' slow drip ' of piecemeal judgments from preliminary assessments of data can be counterproductive . he said the european cockpit association representing nearly 40,000 professional pilots ' has rightly criticised the premature release ' of the aircraft 's cockpit voice recorder . investigators say this highlights the co-pilot breathing while locked in the cockpit while the pilot beats on the door outside . protection : since the crash which is believed to be caused by 28-year-old co-pilot andreas lubitz ( pictured ) , european air safety chiefs have recommended that two people must remain at all times on the flight deck . police carried out forensic searches on lubitz 's and his parents house after it emerged that he ' deliberately ' crashed the airbus a320 jet into the alps . he believes premature release ' could arguably prejudice a formal technical assessment ' and mr andersson is not the only aviation expert to speculate on the plane being ' hacked ' . former commercial pilot jay rollins told us television channel msnbc last month : ' this aircraft is highly computerised . ' there 's one possibility that no-one has brought up . i wonder – could this be a hacking incident ? ' he drew parallels with the loss of a us drone over iran , which some blamed on electronic hacking : ' suddenly the aircraft responding to outside forces . ' if something like that were going on it would be very disturbing for the pilot . '