when it comes to singing lullabies , audrey hepburn 's classic moon river tops the chart for british parents , but you might be surprised by some of the other entries . in a survey conducted by bt , a third of parents polled said they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their little ones to sleep , while ten per cent opt for pop tunes . eurythmics ' there must be an angel came second on the top ten , followed by vanilla ice 's ice ice baby , while more current hits from pitbull , ed sheeran and sam smith also made the cut . baby soother : when it comes to lullabies , the classic moon river , which audrey hepburn famously sang in breakfast at tiffany 's ( pictured ) , tops the chart for british parents . aside from moon river - made famous from audrey hepburn 's 1961 movie hit breakfast at tiffany 's - frank sinatra 's my way also proved popular with parents , as did dolly parton 's island in the stream . one rock ' n ' roll classic made the cut , sweet child o'mine by guns ' n ' roses , as well as three recent pop songs ; sam smith 's stay with me , pitbull and kesha 's timber and sing by ed sheeran . a quarter of mums polled said they sing songs from tv ads to send their babies to sleep , and a quarter of dads , somewhat unsurprisingly , turn to sport chants . ireland 's call topped the list for rugby enthusiasts , followed by swing low sweet chariot , while liverpool 's you 'll never walk alone proved popular for football-loving dads . eurythmics ' there must be an angel came second on the top ten list , followed by vanilla ice 's ( left ) ice ice baby , while more current tunes from pitbull , ed sheeran ( right ) and sam smith also made the cut . one in five parents admit they change the lyrics in lullabies because they do n't them well enough , and one in ten insist it 's because their version is better ( picture posed by models ) . as for the true classics , humpty-dumpty ranked number one on the list , rock-a-bye baby ranked second and three blind mice came third . of all the parents polled , one in five admit they change the lyrics in lullabies because they do n't know them well enough , and one in ten insist it 's because their version is better . 1 . moon river by audrey hepburn . 2 . there must be an angel by eurythmics . 3 . ice ice baby by vanilla ice . 4 . my way by frank sinatra . 5 . islands in the stream by dolly parton . 6 . sing by ed sheeran . 7 . sweet child o’mine by guns ‘n’ roses . 8 . timber by pitbull ft. kesha . 9 . groovy kind of love by phil collins . 10 . stay with me by sam smith .