a shrine created in memory of those killed during the germanwings crash has revealed the first picture of the hero pilot who tried to break into the plane’s cockpit . staring straight ahead , eyes firmly on the camera , this is the only photograph to have emerged of patrick sonderheimer , the pilot of the doomed flight . yet the shrine , which was erected in memory of the staff killed during the tragedy , controversially also includes a picture of co-pilot andreas lubitz . scroll down for video . a memorial display at dusseldorf airport has revealed the first photograph of hero captain patrick sondheimer left ) who tried to break down the cockpit door to stop killer pilot andreas lubitz ( second from left ) from crashing the aircraft . mr lubitz is the man who orchestrated the disaster by steering flight 9525 , from barcelona to dusseldorf , into the mountains killing all of those on board . it has since emerged that mr lubitz had carefully planned the attack using the online pseudonym ‘skydevil’ , according to the german newspaper bild . as the plane plummeted towards ground , mr sondheimer , 36 , a father-of-two , tried in vain to save the lives of the 144 passengers and five crew members on board . moments before , he had left the cockpit in the hands of his co-pilot in order to use the bathroom . when he returned , the door was locked and co-pilot lubitz , 27 , ignored desperate pleas from his colleague to let him back in . in a desperate attempt to stop the fatal crash , mr sondheimer spent up to five minutes attempting to smash his way into the cockpit using an axe . mr sondheimer used an axe to try to break down the door to the cockpit after lubitz ( right ) locked him out before accelerating into a mountain . all of the 144 passengers and five crew members died in the crash . lubitz , 27 , had been plotting the disaster online under the name skydevil . on recordings retrieved from the plane’s black box mr sondheimer can be heard shouting : ‘ open the goddam door’ in the moments before his death . the display in memory of the staff who died was created before it was revealed that mr lubitz had intentionally crashed the plane in the french alps on march 24 . alongside the two men , sit the photographs of the other four crew members killed during the tragedy . all four are seen smiling broadly at the camera . the picture was taken at dusseldorf airport , according to german newspaper bild am sonntag . last night , mr sondheimer’s heartbroken mother paid tribute to her ‘hero’ son at her home 15 miles from the german town of dusseldorf . mrs sondheimer said : ‘ he died a hero but he still died , and we are devastated . the light has gone out of our lives . i am too upset to say any more . ’ shortly before the crash , mr sondheimer , the father of a six-year-old girl and a three-year-old boy , had switched from long-haul to short-haul flights in order to spend more time with his young family . during a memorial on march 29 , his grandmother marianne sondheimer said her grandson’s lifelong dream was to become a pilot . she said : ‘ my grandson is dead and all because of an idiot who did this to his whole flight and killed so many people . ’ during the service , captain sondheimer was described as a man who ‘ radiated happiness’ . black box recordings revealed mr sondheimer frantically appealed to lubitz to open the door as the plane plunged further towards a mountain . he was described as a hero by his family . 