a size six woman who was determined to keep in shape during pregnancy revealed she exercised twice a day and ate 30 pieces of fruit - including eight mangoes and ten bananas - every day . yulia tarbath , 33 , who is originally from surrey but moved to bali with her husband paul in 2009 , led a raw vegan diet - consisting of massive quantities of fruit , vegetables and juice , as well as hours of running , cycling and lifting weights . the mother-of-one revealed she gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy - and took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone after giving both to daughter elaine , who weighed a healthy 7lb 5oz when born . scroll down for video . yulia , who stuck to a vegan diet consisting of massive quantities of fruit , vegetables and juice , as well as hours of running , cycling and lifting weights , at 39.5 weeks pregnant with her husband paul . every morning , yulia , pictured with paul and daughter , elanie , started the day with eight mangoes . for lunch , she ate her way through ten bananas and entire bunches of spinach . life coach yulia said she believes there 's ' no excuse to be fat in pregnancy ' adding that carrying a child ' is no excuse to pig out ' . every morning , yulia started the day with eight mangoes . for lunch , she ate her way through ten bananas and entire bunches of spinach . for dinner , she ate huge avocado salads - washed down with the juice of a dozen oranges . she said : ' there 's no excuse to be fat in pregnancy . i exercised throughout my entire pregnancy and ate a healthy vegan diet . ' i did n't want to be eating for two - being pregnant is no excuse to pig out . ' yulia added : ' my midwife thought i was crazy and urged me to eat more . people in the gym would come up to me and ask if i was okay - people thought i was crazy but i did what i wanted . yulia tarbath , 33 , pictured after she had her daughter , retained her size six figure throughout the nine-month term with regular work outs and a raw vegan diet . yulia , pictured before falling pregnant , decided to research alternative options to battle her chronic tiredness , fertility problems , dry skin , dark circles and deep depression and discovered a raw vegan diet . ' i never exerted myself , did too much exercise or tried lifting weights that were too heavy for me . ' if anything , i took things a bit easy . ' yulia moved to the indonesian island of bali in 2009 with husband paul , 41 , to set up a healthy life-coaching business . when yulia was 27 , she decided to research alternative options to battle her chronic tiredness , fertility problems , dry skin , dark circles and deep depression . she said : ' i read up on the benefits of being vegan . i had such a desire to become pregnant , but experienced issues . i was heavily depressed and suffered from chronic tiredness . ' suddenly my life started to change when paul and i became completely vegan . we threw ourselves into it and started working out twice a day . ' yulia , at 31.5 weeks pregnant , moved to the indonesian island of bali in 2009 with her husband to set up a healthy life-coaching business . while yulia , pictured at two months pregnant , may have had some funny looks from people in her local gym , she says she would n't change a thing about her pregnancy and will do the same if she has another child . yulia , pictured with paul after giving birth , says her midwife was concerned , especially with her diet . ' she wanted me to get more protein but i knew what i was doing , ' she said . in june 2013 , she fell pregnant , and in april the following year , the proud parents welcomed little elanie into the world . she said : ' i was not about to stop my lifestyle . i continued working out and two weeks after finding out , i completed a triathlon . ' as the pregnancy developed i continued to work out twice a day and eat a vegan diet . even five months into the pregnancy you could n't tell . from behind i just looked normal . ' i continued to exercise once in the morning with a job and light weights and then yoga , swim and cycle in the afternoon . ' while yulia may have had some funny looks from people in her local gym , she said she would n't change a thing about her pregnancy . she said her life started to change when she and paul became completely vegan . ' we threw ourselves into it and started working out twice a day , ' she said of their new lifestyle . yulia retained her svelte size six figure throughout the nine-month term by exercising - and eating 30 pieces of fruit every day . she said : ' i felt such a connection to my child . i would be working out and feel her kick - i think she liked it - she was just as active as her mummy . ' my midwife was concerned , especially with my diet . she wanted me to get more protein but i knew what i was doing . ' two weeks after birth i had already dropped to 8.5st . my weight gain was purely the baby , and now i am back in the gym and breastfeeding my baby . ' when i fall pregnant again i would n't change a thing . i 'd run a marathon whilst carrying a child if i could . ' speaking to femail about yulia 's eating and exercise regime , dr eva detko nutritionist said : ' a vegan diet is potentially dangerous during pregnancy and definitely not recommended . yulia , pictured with paul after giving birth , gained less than a stone during her first pregnancy , and took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8st . life coach yulia stuck to a vegan diet consisting of massive quantities of fruit , vegetables and juice . ' i would never advise anyone to stay vegan during pregnancy , it 's not only about you - it 's about the baby . ' you obviously don’t need to eat twice as much - don’t eat for two ! - around 300 extra calories is fine , but you need quality protein , which is hard to get on a vegan diet . ' as a vegan ( pregnant or not ) , you must really know your stuff . ' it 's important to combine proteins to get all of the amino acids . you also need vitamins , including b12 , which you can only get from animal sources ; without good quality b12 you may have a baby with poor immunity . ' there are no vegan sources of b12 , so they would need supplementation . ' then there’s essential fatty acids such as omega 3 , which is found in animal sources ( or masses of seaweed ) . ' on the plus side , vegans have a lot of green leafy vegetables , which are packed with iron , folic acid and calcium , which are all great during pregnancy . ' on top of her healthy diet , she endured hours of running , cycling and lifting weights . as dr phd marilyn glenville ( www.marilynglenville.com ) explains : ' eating healthily means eating regular meals of freshly prepared whole foods . buy organically grown produce wherever possible as this reduces the toxic load on the body . eat a good proportion of raw fruits and vegetables . do not eat raw meat or raw fish . steam rather than boil , stir fry rather than deep fry and grill or stew rather than roast or fry . make sure your diet is balanced with adequate protein , complex carbohydrates and high in essential fats but low in saturated fats and drink plenty of filtered or mineral water . ' foods to include .  • complex carbohydrates good sources : fresh fruit and vegetables ( raw or lightly cooked ) , wholegrain breads , brown rice , wild rice , millet , oats , barley , buckwheat , rye and quinoa . • protein good sources : organic poultry ( 1 or 2 pieces per week ) , fish , goat milk , sheep milk , organic eggs , vegetarian cheese , nuts , soya , seeds and pulses . some grains are better sources than others , for example quinoa and millet ; the rest have a small amount and should be combined with other protein sources . • fats good sources : oily fish such as wild organic salmon , sardines , mackerel and herring . pumpkin seeds , sunflower seeds , walnuts , almonds , evening primrose oil , olive oil , hemp oil , starflower / borage oil and flax seed oil . • water : many of us do not drink enough water . it is thought to be essential in providing the medium in which many chemical reactions within the body take place . sadly much of our tap water does not measure up to safety standards required . it is advisable to drink only bottled or filtered water whilst pregnant . • fibre good sources : whole grains , fruit and vegetables , nuts and seeds . you can also soak a tablespoon of whole linseeds in a glass of water overnight and swallow with an extra glass of water to help with the bowel .