arsene wenger has branded the emerging trend of post-season tours as a ' nightmare ' after revealing arsenal opted against an extended pre-season trip . tottenham have confirmed they will travel to australia and malaysia at the end of the premier league season , while chelsea are also set to travel abroad when the current campaign finishes . overseas tours are an important component of clubs pr strategies as they look to maximise their earning potential away from england . arsenal boss arsene wenger has slammed post season tours as a nightmare . calum chambers battles with radamel falcao during the emirates cup pre-season tournament . but they can also cause headaches for managers who feel such tours - particularly pre-season trips - hamper preparations . manchester united manager louis van gaal has successfully lobbied for a shorter than anticipated tour of the us this summer . likewise , arsenal were exploring the idea of playing additional matches in either india or malaysia after their initial trip to singapore - but have decided against it , a decision wenger is happy with . ' i 'm pleased with that because pre-season is always difficult if you can not prepare well , ' said the arsenal manager . chelsea are one of several premier league sides who will be travelling overseas after the season . north london rivals tottenham will be heading to australia and malaysia after the season is done . ' lets not forget they voted to start early in august next season , which is a bit of nightmare when you think you start on august 8 . ' some players play until june 21 in the copa america , some in the european under-21 championship play until june 14 . ' after a season where we have no winter break , i do n't see where you go from there to give players a proper rest . it 's impossible . ' it is difficult because of the commercial aspect but you want to find a compromise . ' louis van gaal has successfully lobbied for manchester united 's us tour to be cut short . on the prospect of the gunners organising a future post-season tour , wenger , who 's side face burnley on saturday , added : ' post season tours are a nightmare - i will never do it . ' in pre-season you have the players under pressure with the focus of starting the season well . ' a post-season tour , i always feel people come along to watch but the players are half on their holidays . ' it is a relaxed atmosphere with none of the intensity of a pre-season game . ' maybe it is a holiday tour and good to have a relaxed atmosphere together . but from a purely football point of view , there is not much meaning – let’s be honest . ' 