president barack obama announced today $ 200 million in additional u.s. humanitarian aid to iraq , but declined to say whether washington would provide apache helicopters , drones and other arms to baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against isis . ' i think this is why we are having this meeting : to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination to make sure that iraqi security forces are in a position to succeed in our common mission , ' he told a reporter questioning him about military support following his oval office discussion with iraqi prime minister haidar al-abadi . mr. abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones and other u.s. weapons during his visit . but white house spokesman josh earnest later said the iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional military support during the meeting . president barack obama announced today $ 200 million in additional u.s. humanitarian aid to iraq , but declined to say whether washington would provide apache helicopters , drones and other arms to baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against isis . ' i think this is why we are having this meeting : to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination to make sure that iraqi security forces are in a position to succeed in our common mission , ' he told a reporter questioning him about military support following his oval office discussion with iraqi prime minister haidar al-abadi , left . abadi is on his first trip to washington since becoming prime minister last september . his meeting with obama is meant to convey a u.s. stamp of approval for a leader who has sought to be more inclusive than his predecessor in governing iraq . the obama administration , which welcomed abadi 's ascension after a tricky relationship with former prime minister nurial-maliki , may not agree to provide significant additional support . obama , who was elected on the back of a promise to end the war in iraq , is limited by public aversion to u.s. entanglement in another regional conflict and congressional constraints on his budget authority . in august , obama authorized the first u.s. air strikes on iraq since the 2011 withdrawal of american troops . he has also deployed about 3,000 american military forces to train and advise iraqi and kurdish forces to fight islamic state . abadi said after the meeting that iraq would respect other countries ' sovereignty and expected the same . he also said he was eager to bring all of the fighters in iraq under state control . ' i am aware that regional countries have their own interests and i respect these interests , but i also welcome any assistance that they would provide , and i would like to thank them , ' abadi said through a translator . ' however , we do not accept any intervention in iraq or any transgression on iraqi sovereignty . this is a war that is fought with iraqi blood with help from the coalition forces and regional countries . ' the u.s. president in turn warned iran that its fighters must respect iraq 's sovereignty and answer to the government in baghdad in the battle against isis . abadi is on his first trip to washington since becomingprime minister last september . his meeting with obama is meantto convey a u.s. stamp of approval for a leader who has soughtto be more inclusive than his predecessor in governing iraq . vice president joe biden , left , and national security advisor susan rice also participated in the oval office discussion of the strategic partnership between the two countries , support in fighting isis as well as commercial and cultural relations . iran-backed shi'ite militias have played a major and growing role in battling the sunni islamic state , an al qaeda offshoot also known as isil , that emerged from the chaos in iraq and neighboring syria and which swept through northern iraq last june . abadi has had to rely on shi'ite militias , some of which are backed by iran and advised by iranian military officers , as iraq 's regular military deserted en masse last summer in the face of the islamic state onslaught . obama said he and abadi discussed the issue at length in their oval office meeting on tuesday . asked about iranian involvement in iraq , obama said that he expected the neighbors to have an ' important relationship , ' and recognized that the mobilization of shi'ite militias had been necessary to counter isil 's advance last year . but he added that any foreign-backed groups in iraq should now be under abadi 's control . ' once prime minister abadi took power ... from that point on , any foreign assistance that is helping to defeat isil has to go through the iraqi government . that 's how you respect iraqi sovereignty , ' obama said . ' it needs to be help that is not simply coordinated with the iraqi government , but ultimately is answerable to the iraqi government and is funneled through the chain of command . '