it seems that scoring stunning volleys in tyne-wear derbies is not the limit of sunderland striker jermain defoe 's limits as he shows off his impressive keepy up skills with a tennis ball . fresh from his heroics on sunday when he struck a brilliant volley to earn his side victory against newcastle at the stadium of light , defoe was the first player to take part in sunderland 's keepy up challenge . the former tottenham forward set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat before taking the second part of the challenge - keepy ups with a creme egg . tyne-wear derby hero jermain defoe takes on the sunderland keepy up challenge . the former tottenham and west ham striker is the first sunderland player to take the challenge . defoe eventually sets an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to attempt to beat . defoe was unable to replicate the high score achieved with the tennis ball but managed to post a respectable-looking nine with the easter treat . defoe was overcome with emotion in the wake of his brilliant blast , and admits the joy it brought to a sold-out stadium of light was too much to take in . ' i have said many times that i missed the premier league and it 's because of games like this , ' he said . ' games like this are why i came back . being at a club like this , they just love football . i was told before that if i come here and work hard and score goals , they wo n't ask for anything more . sunderland striker jermain defoe celebrates after scoring a stunning volley against newcastle . defoe 's superb first-half strike was enough to secure a 1-0 win for sunderland in the tyne-wear derby . newcastle goalkeeper tim krul was completely helpless as defoe 's shot found its way into the top corner . ' and i just love scoring goals , the fans deserved it . it 's been really difficult for them in the last few weeks but they always turn out . ' it was the whole occasion really that got to me . it was great to be the person that made so many people happy . i was just thinking , `` why me ? `` . ' as the whistle went for half-time and as i was walking down the tunnel i thought , `` i 'm crying and i 'm on the telly '' , but i did n't care . for the fans and everyone it was just a special day . ' the 32-year-old not only wrote his name into sunderland folklore with his derby winner at the weekend but boosted dick advocaat 's side survival hopes . the north east club moved three points clear of the relegation zone with seven games to play as the dutch manager earned his first win since taking charge .