as the bright , smiling face of morning tv in the noughties fern britton shocked fans when she admitted to struggling with crippling depression . the mother-of-four had her first experience of depression as a child and has suffered attacks throughout her adult life . things were so difficult at one point that she planned to crash her car into a brick wall . and in an interview with the telegraph on saturday the 57-year-old revealed how close she came to suicide one day after her divorce from first husband clive jones . scroll down for video . presenter fern britton , who suffers from depression , has revealed how close she came to suicide following her divorce from first husband clive jones . the presenter and author , who has been married to her second husband tv chef phil vickery , 53 , for fifteen years , claims she knew the marriage was never right , but remembers the time after the divorce being particularly bleak . fern , who had three children with clive , twins harry and jack , 21 , and grace , 18 , and has another daughter , winifred , 13 , with phil , said : ' i remember very clearly , when they were all little and sitting around the table , all shiny-faced and having their supper , and i 'd think : `` right , you 've got everything you want . lovely ! now i 'm just going to pop upstairs and kill myself . '' ' meeting phil whilst working on ready , steady , cook was something of a salvation for the blonde , who finally came off anti-depressants last year but admits she is fully expecting to go back on them when she has another episode . fern and husband phil vickery will celebrate their 15th wedding anniversary next month . the couple met on the tv food show ready , steady , cook . at least now she has learned to recognise the signs , telling good housekeeping this month : ' i haven’t had an episode for a long time . i’m cross that it’s been there and that it lurks around , but i’ve started to understand it more . i reached a stage where i knew when it was coming , hurtling towards me , and i thought , don’t run away , just stand there , brace yourself , and let it happen . because i knew it would pass . people who are going through their first or second episode don’t trust that it will pass – but it really will . ' today , as she promotes her sixth novel ' a good catch ' fern is happy , positive and looking forward to a bright - and botox-free - future . phil , 53 , and fern , 57 , have four children between them . the author has declared that she has no interest in cosmetic surgery , deciding instead to grow older gracefully . she has declared that she has no interest in cosmetic surgery , deciding instead to grow older gracefully , telling bryony gordon : ' i know i 'm never going to look the way i did when i was 25 , but i know i could look very odd . so this is what 57 is , and this is what 57 looks like . ' i 'm going to stop looking back and only look forward . i 've got . what , 25 years left ? i 'm going to enjoy them . i 'm going to cycle until i am 70 . i 'm not going to get botox or have things done . i 'm going to show my children that this is what humans do : we get older . ' the keen cyclist , who starts a three-week cycle from john o'groats to land 's end to raise money for genesis research trust next week , insists that being fit is more important to her than looking younger , saying : ' my bosoms are dropping ? blah , that 's life ! i am vain about being as fit as i can be – not about my wrinkles . i’ve had that conversation with myself about , should i do botox , should i do this , should i do that – and i’ve talked myself out of it . i’d prefer to be the woman i should be . i’m 57 , and i look like a 57 year-old , and i’m happy . ' 