a merry widow from edinburgh who loves to party the night away dancing on tables admits her lifestyle is a far cry from her own grandparents . pat ingles , 69 , remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers . in comparison , the retired hairdresser , prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours . pat , 69 , pictured left in her police woman fancy dress outfit , enjoys pole dancing with friend julia , 67 , right . ' i really enjoy myself , i party hard , ' she admitted on the channel 5 show oaps behaving badly . ' i have heard of the saying `` grow old gracefully '' but i do n't understand it . ' grandmother-of-three pat lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer after dutifully caring for him during the last nine years of his life following his diagnosis . now she 's focused on enjoying herself and wants to make the most of the time she has left . she said : ' i have cared for people all my life . i do n't want to look after someone full-time again , i want to look after me now . ' whatever time i have left i am going to party and love it till i die . ' pat in another of her risque outfits gets to grips with an elvis impersonator in menorca . while pat likes to hit the town at night , during the day she hits the gym and also enjoys pole-dancing lessons . thanks to keeping fit and active , she says she feels confident about her appearance as she nears 70 and as a result , she is happy to show off her body in a number of ' kinky ' outfits . her wardrobe includes a risque fancy dress police woman look , air hostess and french maid outfits , as well as a leather jumpsuit , and she teams them all with stilettos . she said : ' i like to dress sexy , if i ca n't walk in high heels , i wo n't go outside . i just like to have fun and feel good in whatever i wear . ' for my age i do n't have a bad body . i can walk into a room and i still turn heads and i like that . ' pat , pictured again with the elvis impersonator , loves to party and stay out dancing on tables . far from being embarrassed by their party pensioner grandparent , pat 's family think she 's great fun and love it if she joins them on nights out . her granddaughter , paris , 20 , said : ' she stays out till 1am dancing on the tables , it 's not embarrassing , i do n't think `` my nanna should n't do that '' , it 's cool . ' pat is n't alone in her desire to party . she has a partner in crime in her friend julia church , 67 , who now lives in menorca . julia , also a retired hairdresser , moved to the spanish island with her husband and now parties with her fellow british expats following his death seven years ago . pat regularly visits her and the pair get glammed up for nights out where they drink and dance the night away . pat on a night out with julia , left , who says ' we 'll just keep going till we fall to bits ' . the friends often party all night in menorca where julia now lives . julia said : ' you ca n't judge others like us , we 're not normal , we 're crazy . being 67 or 27 it does n't make any difference , we 're exactly the same . ' i do n't like the thought of getting old , we 'll just keep going till we fall to bits . there 's no point worrying about it , you 'll make yourself depressed . ' pat has been single for years following the death of her husband and said she has dated some younger men - including a man in his 40s who was younger than her 49-year-old son . but now she 's found happiness with colin , 66 . she said : ' we have a fantastic time together , we have good sex , we enjoy each others ' company . ' i realised how much i missed that , having someone to care for me and protect me and treat me like a lady . ' julia shows off her pole dancing skills . she admits : ' i do n't like the thought of getting old ' . oaps behaving badly is on channel 5 wednesdays at 9pm .  