david beckham is used to having his children in the crowd at sporting events but he was relegated to the role of spectator as son romeo , 12 , ran the london mini-marathon . beckham , wife victoria and their two other sons brooklyn and cruz were there to cheer on romeo as he completed the race , raising £6,000 for charity . it is the same three mile course where mo farah and triathlon champions alistair and jonny brownlee kick started their careers . romeo wore race number 1081 and represented the kensington and chelsea region . his family , who were all sporting matching t-shirts with ‘ team romeo’ emblazoned on them , posed for pictures with him at the finish near buckingham palace . the beckham family pictured at the finish line after romeo completed the three-mile mini-marathon . romeo poses with older brother brooklyn after finishing the london mini-marathon on sunday . proud father david meets romeo at the finish line with the rest of his family . the beckham children have clearly inherited their father’s sporty genes , 15-year old brooklyn has played for arsenal’s academy sides , as has romeo and 10-year-old cruz is also a budding footballer . beckham cried for the final ten minutes of his professional football career – blubbing his way through the end of a paris st germain game . so he might have sympathised with paula radcliffe who also cried as she bowed out of competitive running , registering a time of 2:36.55 . in the women’s elite field , the attention pre-race had centred on four kenyan women but tigist tufa broke away from the pack to become only the third ethiopian woman to win the london marathon , after derata tulu in 2001 and aselefech mergia in 2010 . tufa , who the bookmakers judged a 25/1 shot before the race , crossed the line in 2:23.22 with two-time winner mary keitany 18 seconds behind . ethiopia’s tirfi tsegaye was third in 2:23.41 . kenyan eliud kipchoge , a world champion over 5,000m , triumphed in 2:04.42 , five seconds ahead of his compatriot wilson kipsang in the men’s race . paula radcliffe breaks down at the end of the london marathon on sunday , her final career race . the world record holder for 12 years , radcliffe said the time was irrelevant in her final london marathon .