the girlfriend of a hitman who killed a mother of five as she tended her horses in a new forest field was freed from jail today . lian doyle agreed to hide the trainers worn by justin robertson when he murdered pennie davis because he had been paid £1,500 by the son of the victim 's ex-lover . she was today sentenced to 10 months in prison , but was released immediately because she has already spent six months on remand . killing : lian doyle , left , helped to cover up the murder of pennie davis , right , in september last year . doyle , 24 , pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice after she admitted disposing of her boyfriend 's shoes , thinking he had worn them to commit a burglary . robertson was jailed for life yesterday after being convicted of murder , while benjamin carr also received a life sentence for paying the killer to murder mrs davis , 47 . winchester crown court heard that carr wanted the victim dead because she was planning to tell police that he had sexually assaulted someone . today the court was told that robertson convinced doyle to hide his trainers , making her think that he had carried out a burglary while wearing them . she lied to police on his behalf - but when she realised that the trainers were evidence in a murder inquiry , she confessed to what she had done . boyfriend : doyle was manipulated by justin robertson , left , who was paid to kill mrs davis by benjamin carr , right . victim : mrs davis was found dead in a paddock in the new forest in september 2014 . mr justice popplewell told doyle , from hythe in hampshire : ' on september 2 last year , after pennie davis had been killed , justin robertson had given the trainers he had been wearing that afternoon to a neighbour to put them in the rubbish . ' two days later he asked you to retrieve them and burn them but rather than burning them you gave them to somebody else to dispose of . ' you did n't know they had been worn to commit a murder and you thought justin robertson had been wearing them for a burglary . ' he added that following her initial arrest , doyle was interviewed but failed to inform police about dumping the trainers , which ' impeded ' their investigation . the judge said : ' i 'm satisfied that justin robertson was a dominant character and he is likely to have manipulated you . ' couple : the victim 's body was discovered by her new husband peter , pictured . family : mrs davis ' relatives are pictured outside winchester crown court yesterday . doyle 's lawyer charlie gabb said in mitigation that she was reliant on robertson , and would stay with him in friends ' houses because she did not have a home of her own . ' she must have been somewhat in awe of him in light of her own vulnerability , ' he said . ' for a young lady who has never had any experience of the criminal justice system it 's been a considerable shock . ' there is a stark reality that she is on her own and mr robertson can no longer provide for her . ' mrs davis was found dead in a paddock near beaulieu , hampshire in september last year by her husband peter , whom she had married just months earlier . robertson , 36 , was paid £1,500 in counterfeit banknotes to kill her by carr , 22 , who had a longstanding grudge against her dating to her long relationship with his father . the court heard he wanted her dead because he feared she would report sexual assault allegations against him to the police . the plot unravelled when robertson dropped the keys to his getaway car near to the murder scene , allowing officers to track him down .