an engaged couple have joined forces and lost a combined weight of 11st in time for their big day after the bride-to-be was bullied about her size . holly beard , 24 , and her fiance steve hancock , 27 , from adderley green , staffordshire , tipped the scales at over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in january last year . but holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat . scroll down for video . holly beard and steve hancock reached a combined weight of 41st after moving in together . before she could tuck in , a member of the public shouted at her : ' she does n't need a cake - look at the size of her . ' holly , who has since left her job , was left mortified and crying in the toilet after being humiliated in front of her colleagues last april . after vowing to lose weight for her wedding day this may , she joined weight watchers in june last year . she has since gone from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in just nine months . steve also began to shed the pounds after joining holly on her diet plan and switching his meals to align with hers . the warehouse manager lost 5st and going from 23st 7lb to a healthier 18st 7lb since june last year . but after holly received cruel taunts in her workplace the couple went on a joint diet losing 11st between them . holly , who lives with steve says that before she started her diet she would eat without thinking . ' i was getting comfortable with steve after we moved in together and i did n't realise how to look after myself properly . ' it was just eating too much of everything , too many potatoes , too much lasagne and a pudding after even when i was n't hungry . ' but after her embarrassing incident at work holly knew that something had to be done . ' in april last year the boss had brought a cake for everybody as a treat that day . ' he gave us the cake and there was a patient standing next to me who shouted : `` she does n't need a cake - look at the size of her . `` ' it was awful . i cried in the toilets and cried the rest of the day . when other people lost weight , i would find myself defending my own weight . it was a horrible way to live . ' when i went to have a wedding dress fitted in june last year it was a size 22 . i decided to join weight watchers that month and have n't looked back since . ' the dramatic weight loss has also seen holly slim down from a size 22 to a ten to 12 which has proven to be a nightmare for her wedding dress fitter . holly went from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in just nine months after joining weight watchers . ' i 've had to have my dress fitted every two months because i am down to a size ten to 12 now . ' she has only just started making the dress and i have n't even seen it . i am giving the poor woman a heart attack . ' holly says that her new size will come as a shock when she gets married , especially guests who live far away . ' i lived in scotland for half my life so there are so many people who have n't seen me this small . it will be a shock for them when i walk down the aisle . ' as well as her health improving , holly says that her confidence has seen a complete turnaround . ' i would never go out without make-up before . now i do n't even care what i wear because i know i look good on the outside , and i also feel good in myself . ' i 'm always going to be curvy , but if kim kardashian can be curvy and slim , so can i . ' the best thing has been taking the journey with my future husband . steve has done so well and i do n't want people to forget that we 've been through it together . ' steve says that he would never have reached his new weight without the help of his fiancé . he said : ' i 'm a typical man and i ca n't cook . steve has gone from 23st 7lb to a healthier 18st 7lb since june last year . ' holly cooks all my food and i could n't have lost the weight without her . she is a different woman now . ' it 's crazy how much we 've both changed , and i 'm so glad we did it before the wedding . it feels like a fresh start . ' the couple halved the size of their portions and ate from smaller plates in order to lose weight for their big day . they also cut out carb-heavy lunches and dinners , instead eating healthier salads and well-balanced meals . the pair now plan to tie the knot in front of 40 friends and family at the three horseshoes inn in blackshaw moor , staffordshire on may 21 . holly 's mother pat visits her daughter - who now works as a weight loss consultant for weight watchers - every three months and has been stunned by the dramatic weight loss . she said : ' the support holly and steve have given each other has been incredible . the wedding gave them both something great to aim for . i 'm just so proud . ' they have both been very enthusiastic and such an inspiration . they never looked back . i always thought my daughter looked nice , even before . ' now she looks absolutely fantastic . ' 