an indian salesman is facing seven years in prison and a fine of up to one million dirham - around £186,000 - for allegedly cursing islam and the prophet mohammad on facebook . the 41-year-old man - identified only by his initials s.g. - is said to have posted a ' blasphemous ' status on his facebook page after watching a news bulletin about the war in iraq on television last july . if found guilty , the suspect could face up to seven years in jail , a fine of between dh250,000 to dh1 million , or both . the indian salesman faces imprisonment after he allegedly shared a ' blasphemous ' status on his facebook page . he told police he was sent the image over whatsapp , but allegedly then admitted to posting the status . the 41-year-old is accused by the prosecution of posting the derogatory statements about islam and the prophet mohammad after watching a news item about the iraq war , pictured , in july last year . lawyers for the prosecution said the man abused the social media network - namely facebook - and the telephone communication system by cursing the prophet and islam , according to gulf news . they are now looking for the toughest punishment possible under the country 's cyber-crime laws . islam is the official religion of the united arab emirates , and committing blasphemy is considered deeply offensive . authorities in the country routinely censor newspapers and books that they consider contain blasphemous statements or anything critical of islam . in the latest case , the accused salesman claimed he received the offending image over whatsapp while he was at home . he then complained to police that he had receiving the image - but is reported to have later admitted to prosecutors that he was the one who posted the status on facebook . the indian employee , known only by his initials s.g. , failed to attend the hearing at the dubai court of first instance on monday . the united arab emirates treats blasphemy as a serious criminal offence . the defendant apparently told prosecutors that he wrote the ' blasphemous ' curses after watching video footage about the way in iraq . his iphone was seized and sent to a laboratory for forensic examination , and lawyers said the mobile was registered to the indian man 's name . the accused failed to attend the dubat court of first instance on monday , and presiding judge abdul lat adjourned the case until the next hearing on april 27 . in 2011 british tourist andrew graham ended up in court in dubai after he called the islamic prophet mohammad a ' terrorist ' during an argument in a shopping centre .