george and amal submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema . they 're newlyweds settling down in their dream home , and this weekend it was reported that george and amal clooney have submitted plans to improve their £10million berkshire mansion - which include the addition of a 12-seater cinema . while this may seem extravagant , according to industry experts , a cinema room is now an ' expected ' luxury in properties worth over £10million . robert osborn , co-founding director of top luxury property developer consero london explained : ' home cinemas are a growing requirement , particularly for brand new or newly refurbished properties . ' ' at the high level , media rooms are a valuable use of space and are expected , particularly in homes priced above £10 million . we also often include pantries or bars as an addition to support the media room . ' as extravagant as it may seem , home cinemas are often a clever investment as they make use of low value space in the dark basement . property insider , ben hubbard , an asset manager at oracleamg explains : ' cinemas are often situated in the basement of a dwelling because there is no need for natural light . ' ben estimates that cinemas can cost anything from a few thousand to £100,000 to kit out and says : ' home cinemas can vary from a converted surplus bedroom within an average sized dwelling to a 30-seater theatre in the basement of a much larger home . ' there 's a vast difference in the set-up costs depending on how far you want to go , ' he said . ben believes that the home cinema trend is growing , and having a dedicated cinema room is becoming ' important ' in high-end properties . but does it ever reap financial rewards when it comes to selling ? ' if one was to spend fortunes investing in a cinema equipment for an average sized family home - the chances are it will not add any value to the house as a majority of the purchasers will have different uses for that room , ' ben said . scroll down for video . the couple 's £10m grade-ii listed berkshire abode , which will undergo renovations including the addition of a home cinema and swimming pool . this surrey screening room has velvet seats and inset lighting - perfect inspiration for the clooney in-house cinema complex . ' at the other end of the scale the more space the dwelling has the more likely you’re going to expect to see a cinema room and therefore the more value it will add . generally though it adds saleability factor rather than actual value . 'set-ups can range from large plasma tvs with off-the-shelf surround sound systems in a darkened rooms to tiered theatres with cinema quality digital projectors . 'high-end cinemas will have been constructed to consider the rest of the house and can be soundproofed to prevent noise problems occurring elsewhere , which also increases the cost . ' all apartments in the super-prime development in one hyde park have access to this amazing home cinema . a three-bedroom apartment is currently on the letting market with tunstall property at ... £17,000 per week . knowing how hard renovations can be we thought we 'd give the clooneys some inspiration on how to kit out their new entertainment room . as these images show the home cinema is generally of a neutral hue with warm wood finishes to give it that authentic feel . but it 's not only interior decisions george and amal will have to grapple with , questions involving audiophile speakers , sub woofers , heat management systems and aerospace grade mirrors ( for the projector , not amal ) will also have to be discussed at length . the clooneys renovation plans also include upgrades to the library , gym , spa , steam room , wine cellar , boat house as well as a new swimming pool , pool house and grand terrace . this bright home cinema is located in the basement of an eight-bedroom mansion on tregunter road , kensington , is currently on the rental market with estate agents russell simpson . individual armchairs is the seating arrangement of choice for home cinemas and mood lighting adds to the authentic feel . interior designers hill house turned this small spare room into a cosy home cinema . metallic wall coverings , fur cushions and hollywood portraits add a little razzle dazzle to the interior . a cinema room in octagon’s latest £16m mansion in totteridge , north london . the 14-seater cinema has a 10-foot wide screen , plush leather reclining seats and a dramatic cocktail bar with backlit onyx paneling . this cinema room in spain has padded suede , dark wood and hollywood greats on the wall . this comparatively modest cinema room in a house on elsworthy road in london 's st john 's wood has a 108in screen and a jvc projector .