conrad clitheroe , left , and gary cooper , right , were thrown in jail after being arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers in dubai . a planespotter held with two friends in an abu dhabi jail has run out of medicine for his serious heart condition . conrad clitheroe , from stockport , is in a cell with friends gary cooper and neil munro - also from greater manchester . but the 54-year-old 's wife says he has now run out of a blood pressure medication - and claims guards ' do n't care ' . none of the men have been charged with any offence since they were transferred there from dubai . they were arrested in february at fujairah airport over claims they were a ' threat to national security ' . they were placed in a cell on february 21 , missing their flight home the next day . a judge has since extended their custody licence , which will be up again on april 12 . the families of mr clitheroe and mr cooper have paid £9,000 for lawyer naseer hashem – but claim he has been out of touch . mr clitheroe 's wife valerie said : ' we have n't been able to get him for a week . the prime minister 's office has replied saying there is nothing they can do to help . ' i only speak to conrad once a week now – he 's said he 's run out of blood pressure medication but the guards do n't care . ' i 've asked the consulate to help but i 'm worried . ' the couple were planning to spend easter in spain . now mrs clitheroe hopes her husband will be home for the next milestone – their first wedding anniversary on may 9 . she added : ' i so hope he 's home . we 've heard nothing , the lawyer wo n't answer and neither will the charity detained in dubai . ' they are just ignoring us . i 'm not doing very well at all , i 'm just hoping something will happen next sunday . but if it 's another extension i just do n't know how the guys will cope . ' hobby : mr clitheroe posted this picture from the sheraton deira hotel in dubai on february 19 saying he was ' plane spotting in the dark ' . a foreign and commonwealth office spokesman said : ' we can confirm that three british nationals were detained in fujairah , uae on 21 february . they have subsequently been transferred to abu dhabi , uae . ' we are providing consular assistance to the individuals and their families . ' mrs clitheroe says the three friends were driving past fujairah airport , spotting planes and taking notes when they were arrested . her husband has insisted throughout that they did not take any photographs – heeding warnings on planespotter forums . a crowd-funding site has raised more than £4,300 .