france has joined italy and israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry . the health reforms , which include fining agencies employing models with a bmi under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content , have now passed through the upper house of parliament . an analysis of the reforms by sarah jackson , a research psychologist at university college london , suggested that censoring images of ultra-thin models may ease their adverse effects on young women , such as concerns about body image and behaviours such as unhealthy eating . but while some have been hailing the legislation as a ' crackdown on anorexia ' , the laws may be unlikely to have any such effect . the view that anorexia is caused by comparing oneself to catwalk models remains popular . but rachel cole-fletcher , of durham university says it is not a lifestyle choice and personality traits are to blame ( file photo ) . not a lifestyle choice . in western europe , around 0.5 per cent of adults are thought to be affected by anorexia nervosa . in around 10 per cent of these cases , the sufferers are men . these figures , however , are likely to be an underestimation . anorexia has the highest mortality rate of any psychiatric illness , mostly due to organ failure and suicide . yet , the illness is often mistaken by many as a lifestyle choice with an external cause . despite accounts of the disorder pre-dating the fashion industry , the view that anorexia is caused by comparing oneself to a catwalk model remains popular . likewise , while pro-ana websites insist that anorexia is a commitment , not an illness , they are highly exclusive online communities , created by and for those already showing signs of the illness . the merely curious are not welcome . high levels of perfectionism , a need for organisation and a focus on details are often observed in those with anorexia , studies have shown . instead , the link between media endorsement of extreme thinness and the development of anorexia is neither simple nor clear . research mentioned by ms jackson did find that women evaluated their bodies more negatively after viewing images of thin models . however , this effect was small and mostly determined by women 's pre-existing opinions of their figures – women who were already dissatisfied with their body were most affected . as this effect was only measured at one point in time , the effects of prolonged exposure are not known , but when more images were used there was a tendency for the effect to be smaller . perhaps , as the authors suggested , these images activated , rather than cultivated , beauty ideals . whether the effects of media exposure on body dissatisfaction leads to changes in eating behaviour is also unclear . another study , also cited by jackson , looked for a link between a person 's real-life media exposure and eating disorder symptoms . the results were fairly inconsistent , with some factors – such as body dissatisfaction – only corresponding to some types of media , and others – such as self-worth – showing no relationship . more importantly , the research showed correlation , not causation – it is just as plausible that women already unhappy with their bodies seek out thinness-promoting media more often . after all , if such a simple causal relationship did exist , the pervasiveness of these images in our culture raises the question of why the majority of our population is overweight , rather than underweight . in western europe , around 0.5 per cent of adults are thought to be affected by anorexia nervosa , but these figures tend to be underestimated , experts said ( file photo ) . model ban but no support . most researchers currently view the cultural value placed on thinness as a ' background risk factor ' . meanwhile , several psychological and biological factors are implicated . high levels of perfectionism , a need for organisation and a focus on details are often observed in those with anorexia . recent research suggests there is a lower reward response to food in the brain , even after recovery . some of these factors seem to be influenced by genetic inheritance . stressful experiences may then influence whether these existing factors then lead to developing the disorder . more than one risk factor will be necessary . so the legislation is likely to have little effect on the prevalence of anorexia in the general population , but it also offers no support to the models themselves . the law requires a medical certificate proving that a model has a bmi of at least 18 . this is still underweight , according to the world health organisation . regular weigh-ins have been only vaguely suggested and there 's been no mention of an obligation to offer support to a model who fails a weigh-in . while there is some debate over whether models are at a higher risk of developing eating disorders , this career certainly encourages unhealthy behaviour . thinness of this degree has hugely damaging effects on the internal organs , bones and brain . it can cause obsessiveness and social withdrawal even in psychologically healthy people . france has already lost a high-profile model to anorexia – yet the new laws almost encourage agencies to wash their hands of models who fall ill . legislation banning models with a bmi under 18 is likely to have little effect on the prevalence of anorexia in the general population , but it also offers no support to the models themselves , experts have argued . in the same way , while pro-ana content is undoubtedly harmful , the new laws punish those who are in need of help . this exclusively punitive approach is likely to drive these sites further undergound . if the measures are enforced – if spot checks continue , weigh-ins are n't cheated and other countries are supportive – they may be a positive move . they may be a first step towards a culture that prioritises health over aesthetics – whether that means a dangerously small or unhealthily large body . nonetheless , this will mostly benefit the worried well – those who , regrettably , are unhappy with their bodies , but are otherwise unlikely to develop anorexia nervosa . claiming that these laws address one of the most treatment-resistant mental illnesses is far too optimistic . this article was co-written by lexie thorpe , an msc in developmental cognitive neuroscience at durham university .