siobhan-marie o'connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley at the british championships to ensure qualification for the world championships this summer . o'connor 's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year and came comfortably inside the world championships qualification mark of 2:10:20 . hannah miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and aimee willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30 . siobhan-marie o'connor celebrates with second-placed hannah miley ( left ) and third-placed aimee willmott . o'connor , who is the reigning commonwealth champion , was short of her 2:08.21 personal best - a british record - but said making the team for russia was her main focus . ' i 'm chuffed , the ( qualifying ) times are a massive challenge but it means everyone has to step up and race world class times , ' o'connor said . ' i 'm really just happy to have made the team . it was really tough . i 'm happy with that time , i just wanted to go under 2.10 . ' i would have ideally liked to have been closer to my personal best but sometimes you 're not on your best form . to get the qualifying time was my main aim . ' o'connor 's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year . the performance of o'connor , who won 100m freestyle gold on tuesday , is particularly impressive considering the heavy disruptions to her winter training programme . the pool at the university of bath , where the 19-year-old has trained for most of her career , has been closed for six months renovation meaning she and her group have been forced to relocate 32 miles away at millfield school . ' it has been hard over the last six months , ' o'connor added . ' it has been a challenge but everyone has challenges in sport . ' it 's just something we have to deal with . it could n't have been any better and i 'm proud to have adapted to it . ' it 's definitely been tough , we 've all felt that . our pool is open in bath after this though so i 'm looking forward to getting back there and getting some consistency again . ' the 19-year-old claimed two titles despite heavy disruptions to her winter training programme . jazz carlin followed up her success in the 400m freestyle on wednesday with a dominant performance in the 800m freestyle to win another gold medal . carlin clocked 8:21:58 which was enough to seal the title but she missed the world championships qualifying time of 8:21:22 . the commonwealth and european champion is still likely to race the 800m in russia , after finishing more than 10 seconds clear of jessica thielmann ( 8:32:19 ) in second and camilla hattersley in third ( 8:37:99 ) . ' i 'm not too disappointed to miss the qualifying time , ' carlin said . ' for myself i would have liked to have gone quicker but to make the worlds qualifying time yesterday i 'm sure i 'll get to swim the event there . ' it felt a bit tough tonight , i did n't really get into it , i felt a bit heavy in my stroke but that happens . ' elizabeth simmonds won the women 's 100m backstroke , registering 1:00:03 , while craig mcnally took gold in the men 's 200m backstroke with a time of 1:57:58 and stephen milne clinched the men 's 1500m freestyle title in 14:58:25 .  