a former high court judge who led the inquiry into the bradford stadium fire which killed 56 football fans has dismissed claims the blaze was not an accident saying they are ' nonsense ' . a new book by author martin fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with stafford heginbotham , the club 's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985 . the official inquiry into the blaze , led by mr justice oliver popplewell , concluded that the fire was an accident , probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand at the valley parade ground . former bradford city chairman stafford heginbotham , left , with mr justice popplewell in the aftermath of the bradford city fire . today , the former judge has dismissed claims the blaze was not an accident . the stand at the valley parade ground burns after a fire in 1985 . 56 football fans were killed in the tragedy . today sir oliver was asked about the new allegations in an interview on bbc radio leeds , where he rubbished mr fletcher 's claims . the retired judge said the main flaw in the argument that the fire was arson was that the stand involved had no insurance value as it was due for demolition . he also added that the fire was examined by experienced and thorough investigators , who found nothing suspicious and that no question of arson was ever raised in civil legal proceedings . he explained : ' i 'm sorry to spoil what is obviously a very good story but i 'm afraid it 's nonsense for a number of reasons . ' sir oliver also rejected claims his inquiry was held too quickly , three weeks after the fire . he added : ' i can quite understand after having previous fires some suspicion being raised but , as far as i’m concerned , we conducted our inquiry perfectly properly and i have no reason believe it was other than an accident . ' the new claims about the fire at valley parade are contained in the book fifty-six by mr fletcher , who was 12 at the time and escaped the blaze . author martin fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with stafford heginbotham , the club 's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985 . he is pictured here with his mother susan as a 12-year-old . the fire broke out near to half-time during bradford 's game against lincoln city on may 11 , 1985 and within four minutes the stand was completely ablaze . mr fletcher lost three generations of his family in the tragedy , including his 11-year-old brother andrew , the fire 's youngest victim , as well as his father john , 34 , uncle peter , 32 , and grandfather eddie , 63 . the book , published today and being serialised in the guardian , does not make any direct allegations but mr fletcher says mr heginbotham’s history with fires , which he claims resulted in payouts totalling around £27 million in today’s terms , warranted further investigation . he asks : ' could any man really be as unlucky as heginbotham had been ? ' the disaster also occurred at a time , according to mr fletcher’s evidence , when the businessman was in desperate financial trouble - and two days after he discovered it would cost £2million to bring the ground up to safety standards required by bradford’s promotion from the old third division . the fire at the ground broke out close to half-time during bradford 's home game against lincoln city on may , 11 , 1985 . an official inquiry found that the fire was started by accidentally when a fan discarded a cigarette on to rubbish below the timber stand . mr fletcher is the only survivor to publicly challenge the official inquiry , which took place three weeks after the fire . mr fletcher is the only survivor to publicly challenge the official inquiry , describing it as inadequate and saying it took place far too close to the event . meanwhile mr heginbotham’s son james , 47 , has defended his father , who died in 1995 . he told told the daily mirror : ' when you actually do your homework and see what he did for bradford city football club it is a sickening accusation . it is just absolutely ridiculous . ' he never recovered from the fire . the stress of it is what killed him eventually . 'he’s no longer here to defend himself . it’s a real shame it has come to this . ' meanwhile , yesterday former sports minister gerry sutcliffe said the new allegations do not justify a new inquiry into the disaster . the remains of the stand after the fire . west yorkshire police said the force would consider any new evidence about the blaze , which also injured 265 people . former prime minister margaret thatcher visited valley parade to survey the damage to the stand and pay her respects with her husband dennis . mr sutcliffe , mp for bradford south and deputy leader of bradford city council at the time of the tragedy , said he knew mr heginbotham ' flew by the seat of his pants ' in terms of the finances of the club , but remains convinced by the conclusion of the inquiry . west yorkshire police said the force would consider any new evidence about the fire . detective superintendent mark ridley , of the homicide and major enquiry team , said : ' the jury at the inquest in 1985 delivered a verdict of misadventure . ' however should any evidence come to light which was not available to her majesty’s coroner at the original inquest , then we will consider its significance and take appropriate action . ' a minute’s silence is due to be held at every premier league and football league match on saturday , april 25 to mark the forthcoming 30th anniversary of the fire . it was the worst stadium fire in the history of british football and prompted important safety changes in grounds across the land . the final of game of the season should have been a day of celebration for bradford city . before kick-off the team were presented with the trophy for winning the third division title as 11,076 fans watched on . but instead , may 11 , 1985 ended in tragedy as flames engulfed the main stand at valley parade . the valley parade blaze is considered the worst stadium fire in the history of british football and prompted important safety changes in grounds across the land . the fire was spotted at 3.40pm towards the end of the first half and within minutes the stand packed with 4,000 spectators was fully ablaze . the disaster left 56 supporters dead and a further 265 injured . in the years that followed , new legislation was introduced governing safety at the nation 's sports grounds . the tragedy brought about an unprecedented community spirit in the city , with , among many other initiatives , a fundraising drive for the burns unit at bradford royal infirmary . in 2010 , on the 25th anniversary , there were an estimated two thousand at the service in the city 's centenary square but this year there has been such a surge of interest that the club considered moving it to valley parade .