manchester city midfielder yaya toure is a dream target for inter milan , according to general director marco fassone . the italian giants are keen to sign the 31-year-old this summer , a player inter coach roberto mancini knows well having guided him from 2010 until 2013 at the barclays premier league club . gazzetta dello sport claim inter are prepared to submit an offer of 60million euros ( £43million ) for the ivory coast international , who is under contract with the blues outfit until june 2017 . serie a side inter milan hope to sign manchester city midfielder yaya toure ( front ) this summer . inter general director marco fassone fears city 's asking price and toure 's wages could be too much . ' who does n't dream of having a player like him ? toure would give our midfield line something that we are lacking , ' fassone told italian sports newspaper tuttosport . ' but his wages and city 's asking price might be a big obstacle . ' toure has scored seven goals and set up one more in 22 premier league appearances this term for city . inter are also working on new deals for their argentina forward mauro icardi and croatia midfielder mateo kovacic . icardi is inter 's top scorer this season with 15 goals and is tied to the nerazzurri for a further three seasons , while kovacic , who is a reported target of liverpool , is under contract with inter until june 2019 . inter striker mauro icardi is on the verge of signing a new contract with the club , according to marco fassone . mateo kovacic , pictured celebrating a goal against cagliari , is also in talks over an extended deal . ' we are almost there with respect to icardi 's contract extension , ' fassone said . ' we want to keep him just as we want to keep kovacic . ' we will evaluate with great care ( their ) eventual offers . ' it 's clear that if we want to sign three players ( this summer ) we will need to evaluate those that will depart . ' inter 's priority right now is to tie inter goalkeeper samir handanovic to a long-term contract . goalkeeper samir handanovic , pictured against napoli , has been linked with roma and manchester united . the slovenia international has been linked with roma as well as manchester united and becomes a free agent next season . ' handanovic 's renewal is an issue that we must resolve at once , ' fassone said . ' we need to understand what he wants . ' we can not go into next season knowing that our goalkeeper 's contract expires . ' inter are currently 10th in serie a with 10 league games remaining .