the attorney for an arizona city where 19 firefighters died while battling a massive woodland blaze says he was told it was an order from the group 's supervisor led to their deaths in june 2013 . prescott city attorney jon paladini claims the fire 's sole survivor , lookout brendan mcdonough , heard the leader of the granite mountain hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned . paladini tells the arizona republic that he was told the order came just before winds whipped yarnell hill into a deadly , all encompassing firestorm . fatal orders ? the yarnell hill fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013 , the worst disaster of its kind since 1933 . new revelations now claim their deaths came after their supervisor gave orders for the crew to leave a safe zone . but first , paladini claims mcdonough heard crew supervisor eric marsh and his top deputy arguing over making the dangerous move . marsh ordered it , paladini says , while his deputy jesse steed warned against it . whether or not paladini 's claim is true , neither man is alive to verify it . what 's more , paladini 's claim is based on what he says he was told by darrell willis , former chief of woodland fires for the city . paladini says mcdonough told willis about the deadly decision . but neither willis nor mcdonough will verify that account . mcdonough told the arizona republic when asked about the radio interaction he allegedly heard between marsh and steed : ' i think you 're being misinformed . ' prescott , arizona city attorney jon paladini ( left ) claims that the lone surviving granite mountain hotshot brendan mcdonough overheard an argument between the crew leader and his deputy over the move , which would prove deadly . former prescott fire division chief darrell willis , seen here speaking during a memorial service honoring the 19 fallen firefighters , says mcdonough came to him to get something ' off his shoulders . ' willis wo n't say what that was , but both he and mcdonough have denied it was a recounting of any argument between crew chief eric marsh and his deputy jesse steed . and when the paper asked willis about the argument , willis said : ' that was not part of the detail that i knew — that he told me . ' paladini says that 's a departure from what willis previously told him . paladini told the arizona republic , in part : ' mcdonough allegedly overheard radio traffic between marsh and steed ... ' marsh told steed to leave the ' black , ' which was safe ... ' steed protested , saying the move would be dangerous ... ' that is what darrell ( willis ) told me , ' paladini said . despite his claim that paladini got the facts of their conversation wrong , willis does not deny speaking to the attorney . willis says he did so after mcdonough came to him because he ' wanted to get something off his shoulders . ' willis , evidently , just is n't saying what that something was . the members of the granite mountain hotshots ( pictured ) were engulfed by wind-whipped flames on the third day of a lightning-sparked blaze that destroyed scores of homes and charred 8,400 acres in and around the tiny town of yarnell , northwest of phoenix . the june 30 disaster marked the greatest loss of life from a u.s. wildfire since 1933 , when more than two dozen firefighters were killed battling the griffith park fire in los angeles . nonetheless , the arizona republic writes , ' when willis reported the conversation to paladini and others , it set off a chain reaction of legal actions beginning with reports to the arizona state forestry division , the prescott city council and the arizona attorney general 's office . it also led authorities to interview other potential witnesses , and prompted an unsuccessful effort to subpoena mcdonough . ' the purported revelation may change the outcome of a wrongful death suit filed by the families of a dozen on the hotshots last june accusing the state of negligence . it could also change the outcome of suits filed by dozens more area property owners suing the state for alleged mismanagement that led to the destruction of their property . the forestry division 's liability might be reduced if it turns out marsh overruled steed 's concerns over moving out of the ' black ' safe zone . the members of the granite mountain hotshots were engulfed by wind-whipped flames on the third day of a lightning-sparked blaze that destroyed scores of homes and charred 8,400 acres in and around the tiny town of yarnell , northwest of phoenix . the june 30 disaster marked the greatest loss of life from a u.s. wildfire since 1933 , when more than two dozen firefighters were killed battling the griffith park fire in los angeles . the purported revelation may change the outcome of a wrongful death suit filed by the families of a dozen on the hotshots last june accusing the state of negligence . the forestry division 's liability might be reduced if it turns out marsh overruled steed 's concerns over moving out of the ' black ' safe zone .       