they like to play a bit of queen at bournemouth’s little home in the minutes before their matches start . they might be better served singing the grand old duke of york . only those 10,000 men on that hill could possibly relate to the absurdities of bournemouth’s afternoon engagement with sheffield wednesday . in sequence , they went from top to third to second to top to second again in the space of one 2-2 draw . they are neither up nor down ; they are neither falling apart nor running away with the loot . how delightfully fitting in this remarkable season of championship football that a team unbeaten in 10 before saturday’s kick-off would draw at home to a side with nothing to gain or lose . chris maguire converts an injury time penalty so salvage a draw for sheffield wednesday at dean court . maguire celebrates his late , late strike as the owls held bournemouth to a draw on their home turf . the battle for automatic promotion to the premier league is hotting up with three points covering four teams and with two games to play . 1 watford 85pts to play apr 25 brighton ( a ) , may 2 sheff wed ( h ) . 2 bournemouth 84pts apr 27 bolton ( h ) , may 2 charlton ( a ) . 3 middlesbrough 84pts apr 25 fulham ( a ) , may 2 brighton ( h ) . 4 norwich 82pts apr 25 rotherham ( a ) , may 2 fulham ( h ) . and how . they dominated , then they trailed , then they levelled and had a man sent off . then their fans got mocked by a wednesday player and then they led and then the player that did the mocking scored a penalty in stoppage time that irritated the home crowd all over again . brilliantly bonkers . how significantly will chris maguire of wednesday feature in bournemouth’s final analysis ? how serious was eddie howe when he indicated that the referees feel bournemouth , at 15 kicks , have reached their quota for penalties this season ? he was unhappy , to put it mildly , that lewis buxton was cleared of fouling callum wilson in the second half , telling a radio station : ‘ it looked like the referees have come together and talked about callum wilson and said , “don’t give him any penalties because bournemouth have had too many this season and we don’t want them to have any more” . ’ kieran lee ( second right ) celebrates with his team after his 36th minute header put the visitors ahead . he toned down his sentiments by the time he met the written press and that is probably for the best . howe is a good and rational man ; certainly one of the most upwardly mobile and promising of all english coaches . a sign of the pressure of this incredible promotion race , then ? who could blame him if it was ? middlesbrough had beaten norwich on friday night to take bournemouth’s place at the top and at 3.36pm on saturday kieran lee put wednesday in front . when craig cathcart scored a magnificent volley for watford against birmingham — the only goal of the match — watford were top and bournemouth were third . the natives grew restless . then yann kermorgant equalised , lifting bournemouth back up to second , and a home fan screamed into a camcorder held by a policeman . senses take leave at this time of a season , which might also explain how simon francis quickly landed himself a second yellow card . maguire turned to the home fans and motioned for them to dry their eyes . alas , matt ritchie then hit the top corner and put bournemouth top again but in stoppage time adam smith fouled atdhe nuhiu for a penalty . ‘no-one will blame adam , ’ howe said . ‘ we will tell him how much we love him tonight . ’ yann kermorgant ( second left equalises for the cherries with 20 minutes of the contest remaining . bournemouth 's simon francis is dismissed by referee paul tierney in the 78th minute . which is nice , though maguire did score the penalty and bournemouth did fall . again . howe said he felt ‘heartbroken’ . over the course of two spells at bournemouth he has led them from league two to this precipice , occasionally spending his own money in the darker days when the club was broke . today , in their tiny stadium where parking costs £1 and stewards are encouraged to say hello , they are so close to something incredible . tommy elphick , bournemouth’s captain , gave something of an insight into what his manager has been going through . ‘ he is probably the first one every day in at 6 or 7 and probably leaving at 6 or 7 at night and the players follow suit , ’ he said . ‘ we realise how much he does for us . when a single person gives that much of their life towards you , you only want to repay them . ’ but the best intentions can only do so much in a race like this . promotion is worth somewhere in the region of £120million and , as of the weekend , eight teams are in the hunt for three spots . multiple narratives , multiple charges and multiple futures on the line . it’s crazy but it’s brilliant . with only two games to play it has been a magnificent race up the hill . matt ritchie races away to celebrate after his 85th minute free kick put the home side ahead for the first time .