these shocking pictures show a young bear being chained to a tree and attacked by dogs as part of a baiting competition to hone hunting skills in yakutsk , eastern russia . the controversial contest , held in the forests of the diamond-rich sakha republic , is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter . attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of russia , particularly at this time of the year as they awake hungry following the long winter hibernation . brutal game : the picture shows a young bear chained to a tree while several dogs undergo ' hunting training ' with the predator . under attack : masha , a five-year-old bear , can be seen attacked by a number of dogs as she is chained to the tree by her neck . tradition : once the dogs have found their way to masha , they have to bark as loudly as they can with their cajoling scored out of 100 points . many have to be killed when they encroach into built-up areas looking for food , often with dogs trained to stalk them in order for hunters to shoot them . but the images of the five-year-old chained up bear being attacked and bitten are likely to anger animal rights and anti-hunting groups in the west . in russia , hunting of many kinds is a respected and mainstream activity and such contests as shown on these pictures raise few eyebrows . the pictures were taken by photo-journalist spiridon sleptsov during a visit to the bayanay hunting club , near yakutsk , where he captured competitors taking part in the 6th republican contest to find the best individual hunting dog , and the best pairing of dogs , reported the siberian times . the ' sporting event ' sees the dogs released about 100 metres ( 330ft ) away from the bear , and they have to rely on scents and traces of the animal to find it within two minutes . once they have found their target chained to the tree , the dogs have to bark as loudly , and as menacingly , as they can with their cajoling scored out of 100 points . the more fearsome the harassment , and the greater the number of bites on the bear , the higher the score for the dog . face to face : masha the bear growls at one of the dogs she faces during the cruel ' hunting competition ' near yakutsk , eastern russia . dog training : the ' sporting event ' sees the dogs released some 330ft away from masha and they have to rely on scents and traces of the bear to find it within two minutes . having fun ? : the dog owners said masha has been used in the ' hunting contests ' for a number of years , even claiming she enjoys them and has grown to understand the dogs . the pictures were taken by photo-journalist spiridon sleptsov during a visit to the bayanay hunting club , near yakutsk , mr sleptsov said : ' ideally after bursting into a loud bark the dog must attack the beast from behind , constantly twisting it around , thereby keeping the bear in one place and giving the hunter an idea of where to go . ' rating the work in pairs took into account the coherence and mutual assistance between them . ' if only one of the dogs attacked the bear actively , the score was reduced and if the second dog did not pay attention to bear at all , the pair was disqualified . ' the dogs also have to show how well they can stop a bear from running away , replicating what would happen in the wild if they were waiting for a hunter to come and kill it . the photographer added : ' it was rather hard to calm the over-heated dogs . ' seeing that their owner was approaching , the dog began to bark at the beast with renewed energy and it took a lot of effort to pull them back from the bear . ' cruel : the dogs ' owners stand ready to leash their animals after they have had their go at ' hunting ' masha . just within reach : the young bear reaches out in an attempt to get hold of a white dog . all over ? masha the bear appears to have decided to take a time out from the fighting , seemingly lying down on her back . unusually warm weather across russia has prompted bears to awake from hibernation early with warnings that they could attack people as they forage for food . a number of sightings of the animals has been made in parts of siberia and the far east in recent weeks , much earlier than normal . in the southern siberian region of tuva - where about 3,500 bears live - two men were savagely attacked , suffering serious head and arm injuries , with one of them losing an eye . it is thought that the dogs taking part in the competition in yakutsk were not experienced hunting animals but were instead only there for ' sporting purposes ' . the bear , called masha , has been used in the contests for a number of years with claims she enjoys them and has grown to understand the dogs . mr sleptsov said : ' to aggressive dogs capable of painful bite , masha 's attitude was different . ' despite her apparent slowness , her attacks , like any wild animal , were extremely sharp and unexpected . ' to be fair , it should be noted that in all the years of holding such events , no dog has been injured by her paws and teeth . '