the highly-anticipated new cruise ship , the anthem of the seas , has just arrived in the uk . ahead of its naming ceremony , which will take place on april 20 , the mammoth ocean liner has reached its berth : the 101 in southampton docks , which will be its home port for the summer season . the world 's third-largest joint ship , owned by royal caribbean , is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer . scroll down for video . the world 's joint third-largest cruise ship , the anthem of the seas , has just arrived in southampton , uk , for its naming ceremony . the new ship has a bar operated entirely by robots that mix cocktails using precise ingredients . passengers with a head for heights will also be able to take a ride in a transparent capsule for amazing ocean views . making waves : the cruise ship , which has capacity for almost 5,000 passengers at a time , features a surf simulator and even has a virtual skydiving machine . with 16 decks and a capacity for almost 5,000 passengers at a time , the ms anthem of the seas , is truly an engineering marvel . on board , guests will experience robotic bartenders , be able to take part in circus skills training activities and even go on a virtual sky dive . passengers with a head for heights can try out the north star aerial observatory , a glass capsule that takes guests more than 300 feet above the ocean for panoramic sea views . as well as skydiving and circus training , there are also flowrider surfing simulators on board so kids ( and adults ) can ride the waves and , in case the weather is bad , seaplex is the largest indoor sports and entertainment complex at sea with activities including bumper cars and roller skating . for foodies , there are 18 distinctive on board restaurants , ranging from traditional american to jamie 's italian , a traditional pub and japanese cuisine . some of the more unusual eating experiences include wonderland ( serving liquid lobster , tempura salmon caviar and truffled eggs ) , izumi japanese cuisine and devin alexander’s devinly decadence restaurant . the ship also has an adult-only solarium and spa with shaded cabanas , a jacuzzi and adjoining bistro . the 1,300-seat theatre will show queen-themed west end musical we will rock you as well as a cabaret show and an original production for royal caribbean called the gift . anthem of the seas spans 16 guest decks , encompasses 167,800 gross registered tonnes , carries 4,180 guests at double occupancy and features 2,090 staterooms in total . after a summer sailing from southampton , new york harbour will become the ship’s permanent home in november , sailing regularly from cape liberty cruise port to bermuda , the caribbean and canada and new england . 120 drinks an hour mixed by robotic bartenders . 18 restaurants including jamie’s italian . 2090 cabins , 1,571 with a balcony and 375 with a ‘virtual’ balcony – a screen showing the sea . £670m cost of building the giant vessel . 8 swimming pools and whirlpools across 18 decks . £50m boost to economy of southampton . 300 foot height at which glass capsule observatory rises above the ocean waves . 1500 crew to look after 4,905 passengers . 80,000 guests are expected to holiday on the ship this summer season . 1300 guests invited to the naming ceremony . with 18 decks and a capacity of nearly 5,000 , the ship is truly an engineering feat - and expects to welcome 80,000 on board this summer . the ship 's naming ceremony will take place on april 20 at the 101 at southampton docks , which is its home port . royal caribbean hopes that the ship will also deliver around £50 million to the southampton economy over the summer season . on board , guests will see robotic bartenders , have the opportunity to hone their circus skills and even go on a virtual sky dive . the grande restaurant on board anthem of the seas will serve classic favourites in a luxurious setting . adrenaline junkies will also be ableto enjoy the dodgems as part of the amazing variety of entertainment on board the ship . the magical restaurant wonderland will serve imaginative cuisine which royal caribbean claims will be a ' feast for the senses ' . the ship has 18 distinctive on board restaurants as well as a music hall , the royal theater , and royal esplanade shopping area . emma wilby , a 27-year-old travel agent , won the contest to name the ship anthem of the seas . emma wilby enjoys the glamour of a stateroom on board the anthem of the seas . the military wife won the chance to be trained by craig yates , team captain from britain 's got talent finalists only boys aloud , so she could perform at the naming ceremony . the vessel received its unique name from a 27-year-old travel agent from sunderland . emma wilby won a competition for the honour of becoming the so-called godmother for royal caribbean international 's anthem of the seas . stuart leven , managing director of royal caribbean , said : ' anthem of the seas is designed to deliver what today 's holiday makers want - new kind of experiences and adventures . ' ships like anthem of the seas will help attract new groups of people and build the future of cruising . ' he added : ' the uk and ireland is our second largest market and with over 1.7 million britons now taking a cruise every year , it has huge importance for our business . ' the company also said that they expect the ship to deliver around £50million to the southampton economy during the upcoming season .  