a man who lost his sight 12 years ago has discovered a love of painting and can create amazing images just by touch . john bramblitt , 42 , had epilepsy from the age of 11 and over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight . at the age of 30 , the artist from denton in texas was completely blind . despite this , he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting . scroll down for video . artist john bramblitt , right , discovered his love of painting after losing his sight some 12 years ago . the artist uses a special technique using a fabric paint to create an outline before colouring in the work . despite never seeing his guide dog , mr bramblitt was able to create this highly accurate painting . mr bramblitt uses a special fabric paint with raised edges to sketch the outline of his work , before filling in the gaps . over the next 12 years he was able to refine this technique until he was able to work seamlessly . first he forms a picture in his mind and uses fabric paint to produce an outline before filling in with paints with different textures based on colour . mr brambitt said : ' when i lost my sight i began to learn how to use senses in new ways to accomplish tasks i was used to doing with my eyes . ' i began painting because i wanted to reconnect with people ; to let people know even though i have epilepsy , even though i am blind , i 'm still me in here . ' the recognition my painting and workshops has brought has meant more connections with an incredible number of brilliant people from all over . ' t gives me a great optimism for the future . ' video courtesy : dma.org . mr bramblitt uses a special technique to transfer the scene which he imagines onto the canvas . mr bramblitt developed epilepsy aged 11 which slowly resulted in him losing his eyesight . mr bramblitt , left , uses a special technique to help him translate his visions onto the canvas , right . the artist has sold limited edition prints of his work for $ 150 each as well as original artworks . mr bramblitt said his love of painting has giving him reason to be optimistic for his future . mr bramblitt went blind at the age of 30 after suffering from epilepsy since the age of 11 .