a newborn baby girl abandoned in an amusement arcade was found face down in a toilet bowl after her ' mother gave birth in the lavatory ' , it has been revealed . it is believed the girl , named april by staff at the ormskirk hospital where she is being treated , might have been delivered at silcock 's amusement arcade in nevill street , southport , hours before she was discovered . merseyside police had released an image of the 6lb 9oz baby girl , wearing a pink playsuit , as they sought to identify her mother . in a statement yesterday afternoon , officers said they had traced the mother to an address in the merseyside area . scroll down for video . officers say they have found the mother of baby april ( pictured ) . sniffer dogs had been deployed in the area after the discovery in the disabled toilets of an arcade . police earlier released a cctv image of a woman they were looking to trace after a newborn baby was found at silcock’s amusement arcade , on neville street , southport last night . amusement arcade employee christina hodskinson found baby april when a colleague said the toilets needed cleaning . she was quickly joined by fellow worker warren chadwick who came to help . police believe april may have been ' born where she was found ' , sky reported today . she was just hours old when she was discovered . staff at the amusement arcade earlier spoke of the moment the baby was whisked from the toilet bowl when a father 's paternal instincts kicked in . christina hodskinson , 44 , discovered the newborn , who has since been named baby april by hospital staff , after a colleague said the toilets needed cleaning . she was quickly joined by fellow employee warren chadwick , 36 , who ms hodskinson said ' grabbed the baby out of the toilet ' . mr chadwick , who works at silcock’s amusement arcade , on neville street , southport where the baby was found at around 6.50pm yesterday , told how his paternal instinct kicked in immediately . he said : ' i saw the baby and it was just instant , i grabbed her out and patted her back and she started to cry . ' some customers got some towels and we wrapped her up and stood under the heaters . ' the police got here really quickly , i sat with her in the police car to keep her warm and then we rushed straight to hospital . paternal instinct : warren chadwick , who works at silcock’s amusement arcade , told how april let out a cry when he patted her back after pulling her from the toilet . he said his paternal instinct kicked in immediately . abandoned : police outside silcock 's amusement arcade in southport where staff found a newborn baby in the disabled toilets . a search was carried out for the mother but she has since been found . ' she was ice cold when i pulled her out so they kept her in an incubator . ' it was just good to see the colour come back in her face , it was a relief . ' the infant was taken to ormskirk hospital where she is described as ' safe and well ' . police were searching for the missing mother of baby april and released a cctv image of a woman they were looking to trace earlier today . the mother has now been found , merseyside police have said . a spokesman said : ' merseyside police can confirm the mother of a newborn found in southport on thursday , 16 april has this afternoon been found . ' she was found within the merseyside area and is currently receiving medical treatment . superintendent claire richards , said : ' i would like to thank the local community , the online community and the media for their assistance in this matter . ' ms hodskinson spoke of how she found the baby after walking into the arcade 's disabled toilets to give them a clean . ' safe and well ' : baby april ( pictured ) was taken to ormskirk hospital where she is being cared for by staff . the baby girl , found in the disabled toilets at the arcade ( pictured ) on neville street , has been named april by staff caring for her at ormskirk hospital . april is said to be ' safe and well ' . she said : ' i noticed that there were some things out of place . we checked the bin and there was nothing there and i just thought something was n't right . ' so i went back to the bathroom with another member of staff , pauline . ' she opened the toilet and starting screaming `` there 's a baby inside ! `` ' my colleague warren was there straightaway and he grabbed the baby out of the toilet . ' police said the birth appeared to have been unsupervised .