sebastian vettel is determined to ensure the return of a long-standing ritual at ferrari is not a one-off this season . fresh from ferrari 's first victory in 35 grands prix in malaysia 11 days ago , and ending his own 20-race drought , vettel returned to a hero 's welcome at the team 's factory at maranello last week . the win allowed ferrari to revive a tradition not seen at their base for almost two years since their previous triumph in may 2013 at the spanish grand prix courtesy of fernando alonso . sebastian vettel reflected on his stunning win for ferrari at the malaysian grand prix during the press conference before the weekend 's chinese grand prix in shanghai . the four-time world champion shares a friendly discussion with mclaren star jenson button . four-times world champion vettel said : ' it was a great victory we had in malaysia , great for us as a team , and for myself a very emotional day - my first win with ferrari . ' when i returned to the factory on wednesday , to see all the people there was quite special . there are a lot of people working there and as you can imagine they were very , very happy . ' the team had n't won for quite a while , so they enjoyed the fact they had something to celebrate . there were a couple of rituals involved , so it was nice for them to get that feeling again . ' asked as to the specific nature of the rituals , vettel replied : ' i was supposed to be there for simulator work anyway , but it was quite nice to receive the welcome after the win . ferrari 's vettel and britta roeske arrive at the shanghai circuit . along with a ferrari mechanic , vettel caught up with members of his old team red bull on thursday . ' all the factory got together for a quick lunch . it was quite nice to have all the people together in one room - it was a big room ! - so we were able to celebrate altogether for a bit . ' i also learned when you win with ferrari , at the entry gate , they raise a ferrari flag - and obviously it 's been a long time since they last did that . ' some 10 years ago there were a lot of flags , especially at the end of a season , so this flag will stay there for the rest of the year . ' we will , of course , try and put up another one sometime soon . ' inside the ferrari garage , vettel shares a discussion with team staff as he looks to build on his sepang win . ferrari team principal maurizio arrivabene shares a conversation with vettel at the team 's hospitality suite . the feeling is that will not happen after this weekend 's race in china as the conditions at the shanghai international circuit are expected to suit rivals mercedes . not that vettel believes his success will be a one-off , adding : ' for here and the next races , we should be able to confirm we have a strong package and a strong car . ' we will want to make sure we stay ahead of the people we were ahead of in the first couple of races , but obviously knowing mercedes are in a very , very strong position . ' in general , for the start of a season things can be up and down , and we want to make sure there is quite a lot of ups , not so many downs . ' but it 's normal in some races you are more competitive than others . ' we managed to do a very good job in malaysia , but for here and the next races we have to be realistic about we want to achieve . ' ferrari mechanics show their joy after vettel won the malaysian grand prix , helping record the team 's first formula one win since 2013 at the spanish grand prix . 