john carver says he will use a whip if he has to in a bid to motivate his newcastle players ahead of sunday’s tyne-wear derby at the stadium of light . the magpies have lost the last four matches against their north-east rivals and head coach carver – who was assistant to alan pardew during that wretched run – admits that sunderland wanted victory more than united on those occasions . ‘ in the last four games sunderland have out-worked us - and that 's not a good stat to have , ’ he said . john carver says he will ' whip ' his players to make sure they 're motivated to beat sunderland on sunday . dick advocaat will take charge of his second game as boss and will want to keep sunderland 's record going . ‘ i 'll be making sure that does n't happen again and i 'll be using a whip to make sure we do n't get out-worked . ’ there is a suggestion that newcastle will struggle for motivation given the comfort of their mid-table position compared to the black cats , who are fighting for premier league survival . but carver said : ‘ i disagree , we’ve got everything to play for . that’s not just because of our respective league positions , we 've lost the last four derbies and drawn the previous one . moussa sissoko ( left ) will captain newcastle but he 's been poor in his previous appearances in the derby . newcastle players warm up during a training session at st. james ' park as they prepare for sunderland . ‘ we 've got an awful lot to prove . i should n't have to motivate players to play in a premier league match . this is a big occasion . ' he added : ‘ a lot of people out there say that because we 've got a lot of foreign players they do n't know what the game means , but that 's an easy excuse . ‘ with the staff we 've got here we drum it into them every single day . you have to cope with the heat of the derby , it can make you or break you . ’ massadio haidara 's knee injury will keep him out of action for the rest of the premier league campaign . mehdi abeid ( centre ) will be included in the squad and could feature at the stadium of light on sunday . jack colback ( left ) will be in for a hostile reception while siem de jong is still unavailable through injury . tim krul returned from international duty unscathed and will play in goal for the north-east derby . suspended captain fabricio coloccini ( left ) leads the team in the warm-up at st.james ' park . the newcastle players will be looking to end the run of four successive defeats against sunderland . emmanuel riviere ( left ) and jonas gutierrez compete for possession during friday 's training session . newcastle will be skippered by france midfielder moussa sissoko , who has disappointed in the derby fixtures of late . and carver said : ‘ it 'll be nice for moussa to impose his presence . there 's one or two lads in that dressing room who need a good game in the derby because they 've not done in the past . ‘ if we get enough payers imposing themselves on the game then we have a good chance of winning it . ’ meanwhile , carver confirmed that defender massadio haidara will miss the rest of the season following knee surgery but mehdi abeid is expected to be in the squad . advocaat with coach paul bracewell during a sunderland training session at the academy of light . the dutchman could join gus poyet and paolo di canio in beating newcastle in their first attempts in charge . will buckley ( left ) during a pass and move session as sunderland prepare for sunday 's north-east derby . lee cattermole ( left ) and jermain defoe will want to keep their sides record against newcastle going . defoe has possession in a game of keep ball at the academy of light in preparation for derby day . jordi gomez ( left ) and jack rodwell have been ever presents for sunderland and could start on sunday . 