former world champion ken doherty launched a spirited fightback to lead snooker 's top woman player reanne evans 5-4 at the interval of their world championship first qualifying round match in sheffield . doherty , who won the title in 1997 , won four of the final five frames of the morning session after trailing 3-1 at one stage against 29-year-old evans , a single mum from dudley who is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at the crucible . the match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on thursday evening . in total , 128 players are involved in qualifying , including legendary names steve davis and jimmy white . reanne evans trails ken doherty 5-4 at the interval of her world championship qualifier . evans is taking on doherty in a world championship qualifier and he took the opening frame 71-15 . but evans settled and hit back brilliantly , taking the next three frames to build an imposing lead . players have to win three best-of-19 frame rounds to go forward to the world championship which begins later this month . of the 10 matches taking place simultaneously on thursday morning at the ponds forge international sports centre in sheffield , all eyes were on evans , a big outsider against doherty despite being a 10-time world champion herself . television crews from all the major broadcasters and the biggest name in snooker ronnie o'sullivan were among those to see the action unfold . the first frame went according to the form book with doherty winning 71-15 as evans made a nervy start . but she quickly got over them to win the tactical battle in the next two frames and then rattled up the first break above 50 in the match , a 51 to win the fourth frame after doherty fluffed a black . doherty , 45 , had admitted before the match he felt extra pressure facing a woman . evans came up against a resurgent doherty after the mid-session interval and he now holds the lead . doherty leads the 29-year-old evans for the first time since taking the opening frame . he looked grim-faced as he fell behind but levelled the match by winning the fifth frame 68-0 and the sixth with a break of 64 . evans , who was invited by snooker 's governing body to take part in world championship qualifying , retook the lead by winning the seventh frame on the final pink . but doherty took the eighth with another break of 64 and then went 5-4 in front , the first time he 'd led the match since the opening frame .