it is the brand new accommodation designed to give visitors a taste of the south pacific , but the latest villas on offer at walt disney world florida are not for the budget traveller . the first phase of disney 's polynesian villas & bungalows has just been unveiled , revealing opulent overwater villas available from $ 2,000 a night - rising to $ 4,500 at peak times . and though the luxurious offerings look like they belong in bora bora , in reality , they 're located just steps from the magic kingdom in orlando . scroll down for video . disney has just opened their first-ever overwater bungalows as part of their luxury polynesian resort . nestled along the shore of the seven seas lagoon , the resort is a quick monorail ride away from the theme park and also conveniently located close by to disney 's polynesian village resort . there , guests will find all of their dining options , as well as several play areas , a children 's club , and more . the impressive overwater suites are a first of their kind for disney , boasting two bedrooms , two bathrooms and a private plunge pool . each bungalow reportedly sleeps up to eight people and offers a view of both the magic kingdom resort and the lagoon , where an electrical water pageant takes place each night . nestled on the shores of the seven seas lagoon , the villas feel more like bora bora than florida . all of the bungalows have two bedrooms , two bathrooms , a full kitchen and a large living area . there are 20 overwater villas in total and each of the opulent offering sleeps eight people . each bungalow has an expansive private deck , complete with private plunge pool overlooking the water . before being ushered to their private bungalow , all 20 of which are connected via bamboo walkways , guests are welcomed at the great ceremonial house , where they are given flower leis . from there , and if you 're not headed directly to the theme parks , guests can take advantage of their private decks and sun loungers or explore the sandy shores of the lagoon . there are also a pair of bamboo chairs hanging from the roof on each of the bungalow 's decks , providing the perfect spot to tuck into a bit of dole whip soft serve ice cream . the pineapple-flavoured concoction is famous on the resort - and one of the only places you can find the sweet treat outside of hawaii . in one of the bedrooms , the bed 's headboard is crafted out of wooden surfboards . of the two bathrooms , the master even has a television hidden in the mirror . the villas have a mid-century , 60s-era design scheme and a large dining room table that seats eight . the bungalows provide the perfect vantage point from which to watch the electrical water pageant at night . at night , music from the fireworks display , which takes place at the magic kingdom , gets piped in to the villa . the villas can be booked by regular holidaymakers but are also available as part of a timeshare programme through disney 's vacation club . ' if you 'd like to rent one of the bungalows , it 's anywhere between $ 2,100 and $ 4,500 , depending on the time of year you come and visit , ' tracy powell , vice presidents deluxe resorts told fox orlando . she maintains that the high price will stil offer great value for timeshare programme users as lifetime membership will eventually save them up to 50 per cent on costs .