a device has been created that can scan entire planes for contraband , bombs and weapons . the mobile x-ray scanner , heralded as the world’s first ‘ airplane scanner’ , sweeps down a plane and can detect various objects inside . while the radiation emitted by the scanner is not safe yet for humans to be in the plane when it is operated , the company behind it thinks it could become a vital tool in aircraft safety . scroll down for video . romanian company mb telecom has revealed the roboscan 2m aeria . it uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes ( shown ) and look inside . the device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb . but the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet . the roboscan 2m aeria is being developed by romanian company mb telecom ( mbt ) . it costs €3 million ( £2.1 million , $ 3.2 million ) , reported the times , and is apparently already being used to check trucks at borders in eastern europe , where it has helped seize 76,000 packs of illegal cigarettes . on its website , mbt says the aeria is ‘ the very first solution for aircraft security inspection . ’ it can scan planes from small private jets to medium-sized commercial airplanes . the company notes that , while passengers and their luggage are thoroughly inspected at airports , there is no such inspection process for jets arriving at small private airports with low security . but with their device , the company says this ‘gap’ in aviation security can be plugged , and it can scan an entire plane in about 20 minutes . the device can be used to detect weapons ( shown ) and other contraband in small or medium-sized jets that land at low-security airports . an operator working inside the truck can look inside the entirety of a plane , although currently under regulations some areas of the plane - such as the fuselage and wings - are restricted . there are four main components that allow an aircraft to be scanned . armed with a sharp sense of smell , dogs have a long history of detecting explosives for their human handlers , and soon there could be sniffer elephants too . researchers have found that the large mammals excel at identifying explosives by smell , stirring speculation about whether their extraordinary ability could save lives . elephants could be used to detect land mines in areas that have seen conflict and could even do so at a distance with the aid of drones . the research was conducted in south africa and involved the u.s. military . the first is the operating truck , from which an operator can use the system and look inside the plane . attached to this is a robotic arm with an x-ray generator at the end . the plane is then pulled forwards by a battery-operated tug over a wide detection module . by firing x-rays out of the arm , a cone of radiation sweeps over the plane . the operator inside the truck is then given live images of the interior of the plane , and is able to scan its entirety for hidden items . it is apparently so accurate that it could pick out keys on a seat or even a filament in a light bulb . one issue , though , is that aircraft operators do not authorities to inspect the whole plane - areas of the fuselage and the wings are off limits , even though roboscan can examine these areas . ‘ you can not touch it , but you can scan it , ’ said radu tudor of mbt at the counter terror expo in london this week . there are four main components that allow an aircraft to be scanned . the first is the operating truck ( shown ) , from which an operator can use the system and look inside the plane . the plane is pulled forwards through the scanner by a battery-operated tug ( shown ) over a wide detection module . by firing x-rays out of the arm , a cone of radiation sweeps over the plane .