match of the day presenter gary lineker has labelled nigel farage a 'd*** ' during last night 's leader 's debate . the former england footballer launched the scathing attack on the head of ukip after leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head-to-head for the first time in the historic tv election debate . opinion polls produced mixed results on who had ' won ' the contest , with comres survey showing that 40 per cent of voters think david cameron is ' most capable of leading the country ' , while others backed snp leader nicola sturgeon and others putting ed miliband ahead . scroll down for videos . leader of ukip nigel farage has come under attack for his controversial comments made on the tv election debate last night . match of the day pundit gary lineker labelled mr farage a 'd*** ' after claimed that people with hiv should not be welcomed into britain for treatment . mr farage topped the list for worst and best performing leaders after his controversial comments that people with hiv should not be welcomed into britain for treatment . the debate spurred a flurry of reaction from footballing stars on twitter who came out to give their opinions on the leaders . mr lineker tweeted : ' always reluctant to offer a political view , but farage is a d*** ! ' he took another dig at the ukip leader later on writing : ' who would you back ? i reckon farage would leather it over the bar . and blame the foreign goalkeeper for moving . ' former manchester united defender rio ferdinand was also left uninspired by the debate , tweeting : ' unfortunately , none of these people on that stage engage with the generation of today . ' the former england player took another dig at the ukip leader later on writing : ' who would you back ? i reckon farage would leather it over the bar . and blame the foreign goalkeeper for moving ' . former manchester united defender rio ferdinand was also left uninspired by the debate tweeting that the leaders had failed to engage with today 's generation . the match of the day presenter launched the scathing attack on the head of ukip after leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head-to-head for the first time in the historic tv election debate . mr miliband , whose hopes of using the debate to catapult him into number 10 floundered last night , also came under fire . the labour leader fell flat during the clash , and was left lost for words after being challenged on live tv by nick clegg to apologise for labour crashing the economy . former arsenal and tottenham defender sol campbell criticised the labour leader on twitter saying : ' i 've captained a number of teams and it 's clear to see miliband is no leader . ' while mr lineker suggested a different way to settle the debate . ' can this please end with a penalty shoot-out . # leadersdabate . ' it was the first time ever that leaders of the seven largest parties had gone head-to-head in a televised election debate . both mr farage and labour leader ed miliband faced criticism for their performances at the itv debate . a bbc spokesperson said : ' gary has no involvement in any bbc programmes involving news , current affairs or politics . in common with other such presenters , therefore , he is able to express views on personal social media and that has no bearing on the bbc 's impartiality . ' in the first debate of its kind , lots were drawn in advance to agree where each of the leaders will stand and when they get to speak . the seven party leaders clashed repeatedly on spending and the future of the nhs , as mr cameron bluntly told mr miliband : ' it 's a service not a weapon . ' mr farage launched into a controversial rant on ' health tourism ' , complaining about people with hiv who come to britain in search of treatment . but miss wood , leader of welsh nationalists plaid cymru , won the first significant applause of the night as she accused mr farage of ' dangerous scaremongering ' for blaming migrants for problems in the nhs . she told him he should be ' ashamed ' of himself . mr farage caused outrage after he said that people with hiv should not be welcomed into britain for treatment . former arsenal and tottenham defender sol campbell got stuck in to labour leader ed miliband saying he was ' no leader ' . mr lineker suggested a more football-friendly way to end the debate- with a penalty shoot-out . he said : ' here 's a fact and i 'm sure that other people will be mortified that i dare to talk about it . ' there are 7,000 diagnoses in this country every year for people who are hiv positive . ' it 's not a good place for any of them to be i know , but 60 per cent of them are not british nationals . ' they 're both blaming each other and they 're both right ' - ed miliband on david cameron and nick clegg . ' when he was in the cabinet about half a million people lost their jobs so never mind zero-hours , with ed there 'd be zero jobs ' - david cameron on ed miliband . ' nigel farage talks about ' remember history ' . the farage family were foreigners once . i 'm married to a foreigner . you are married to a foreigner ' - nick clegg to nigel farage . ' what 's going on here ? get real , please ' - nigel farage to everyone else . ' the answer is investing more in homes and public services and enforcing a decent minimum wage , not scapegoating immigrants ' - nicola sturgeon . ' you do n't have to go on voting for the lesser of two evils . that 's how we ended up with the tired , failed politics that we have now ' - natalie bennett . ' it was not polish care workers or estonian bar workers who caused this economic crisis - it was bankers ' - leanne wood . ' you can come into britain from anywhere in the world and get diagnosed with hiv and get the retroviral drugs that cost up to £25,000 a year per patient . ' i know there are some horrible things happening in many part of the world , but what we need to do is put the national health service there for british people and families who in many cases have paid into the system for decades . ' at the end of the historic contest , mr miliband said : ' you 've heard from seven leaders tonight . but there 's one fundamental choice . ' if i 'm prime minister i will make sure everyone will play by the same rules . if i 'm prime minister we will cut the deficit every year . ' i believe that when working people succeed britain succeeds . if you believe in that too , then i ask for your vote . ' mr cameron had the last word , after drawing the final slot , telling viewers : ' i 've been your prime minister for the last five years and all that time i 've tried to have one task in mind above all others . ' and that has been turning our economy around , putting the country back to work and clearing up the mess that was left to us . ' i want to stand for another five years because i want us to finish the job that we have all started . we 've created two million jobs . let 's create a job for everyone that wants and needs one . ' the prime minister had been accused ahead of the clash of ' running scared ' after dodging a head-to-head showdown with the labour leader . after mr cameron objected to broadcasters ' plans for three tv debates during the five-and-a-half week campaign , the itv show marked the only occasion before the may 7 election where the tory and labour leaders faced each other .