long distance relatives , small budgets and short time frames are all aspects that can make planning a wedding stressful . as unlikely as it sounds , ikea has promised to eliminate all of these worries , with their new virtual service , wedding online . they may be better known for their ready-to-assemble furniture , but the swedish company 's new service could revolutionise the way that couples tie the knot . scroll down for video . ikea 's new service , wedding online , allows couples to get virtually hitched and have guests attending from all over the world . ikea may be better known for their home furnishings ( left ) , but now , the company also hosts legally-binding weddings . wedding online allows couples to wed via a process that resembles a mass group skype , and without the usual expense and complications that a physical ceremony presents . even better , guests from all around the world can view the proceedings , as long as they have a webcam handy . couples need facebook accounts and working webcams . once they log in , they can set a virtual date and invite the facebook contacts they want as guests . the pair can then choose from a range of several ceremonies depending on their style . one wedding is their more high society offering , which is located on a city rooftop . one setting is located in the forest and involves cloth streamers in a fairy tale set-up . the beach wedding setting offers a laid-back atmosphere with white billowing drapes . the high society wedding is set on the rooftop of a city building with romantic lanterns . a more bohemian wedding is set in a wheat field , complete with quirky bunting . another is a classic wedding , which includes a white layout and balloons . another wedding is a bohemian setting of a field , complete with kitsch bunting and floor pillows for the guests to sit on . they also have a fairy tale wedding , set in the forest , with a more homemade feel and with cloth streamers . and - of course - the respective wedding settings are all decked out in ikea 's most fitting furnishings and decorations , all of which can be purchased at a click of a mouse . guests are invited via facebook , and once they log in their webcam streams are pasted onto a virtual body . once the date is set , the couple are allowed a six hour session which is live streamed for guests ' eyes only . ikea monitors each of the ' ceremonies ' for any inappropriate behaviour . each of the guests fire up their webcams , and their faces will appear on virtual bodies sat in the guest area . ikea underlines on the website that the online service can be used simply as a way of spending time with your far-away loved ones . but if a couple really does want to tie the knot they can make it a legally-binding ceremony , providing the couple , a marriage officiator , and two witnesses are all in the same room , to fill out the appropriate and relevant paperwork . that 's romance.com . the service allows couples to share their ceremonies with relatives from all over the world . if the ceremony is to be legally binding , the couple , a marriage officiator and two official witnesses all need to be present in the same room , but guests can be worldwide . 