a couple who chose to forsake their dream wedding in order to pay for one final shot at ivf are celebrating giving birth to twins and even found a way to say their ' i do's ' becca litchfield , 29 , and partner dale , 30 , from gotham , nottingham , were heart-broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding , or fertility treatment . desperate for a family , the couple chose to sacrifice their dream wedding and go ahead with ivf , but were over the moon when weeks later they became winners of a wedding competition . becca and dale litchfield decided to give up their dream wedding in order to have one last shot at ivf and have since welcomed twins , darci-mai ( left ) and stanley ( right ) . the happy couple said their vows , and were overjoyed when they discovered the fertility treatment had worked - and becca gave birth to twins stanley and darci-mai . the full-time mother says that the couple ca n't believe their luck having achieved both of their dreams . ' when we realised we 'd could n't have children and get married , it was heart breaking , ' she said . ' it was devastating to give up one of our dreams . we knew that we were n't getting any younger so the best option was to try ivf one last time , and sacrifice the wedding . ' it was a risk , because the ivf could have failed - and we 'd have ended up with neither . ' but when we won the wedding competition , and then found out i was pregnant , it was unbelievable . although they had given up on the idea of their perfect wedding the couple were blessed with yet another stroke of luck when they won a wedding contest which allowed them to finally get married . before they conceived darci-mai ( right ) and stanley ( left ) becca and dale had attempted two rounds of ivf . ' now i 've got my dream - the perfect husband and children , i could n't be happier . ' becca and dale , first started ivf treatment in 2012 after a year of failing to conceive naturally . the couple spent £5,500 on two rounds of ivf , keeping back an additional sum of money that they planned to spend on their wedding day . but after two failed attempts , becca and dale were forced to make a decision , becca says that it was an incredibly difficult one to make . ' we were spending all of our money on ivf treatment hoping we 'd conceive but after we failed twice i wondered if i 'd ever get pregnant , ' she said . ' we planned to use the spare money to get married but knew because of our ages we 'd have to have kids now or never . ' i 'd always dreamt of feeling my baby kick for the first time and the bond after giving birth , so i knew we had to try ivf one last time . ' after winning the wedding competition the couple were able to have the white wedding they had always wanted . becca , pictured with darci-mai ( left ) and stanley ( right ) . in order to conceive , becca , pictured with darci-mai , had to take three hormone injections a day but she says it was entirely worth it . after abandoning hopes of a big celebration the couple decided to at least secure their relationship with a proposal . ' we were advised to wait for a year before trying again - i was just counting down the days , ' she said . ' it felt like time was ticking away so quickly . at the end of the year , dale and i officially became engaged - it was a way to lift our spirits and we thought if we could n't have a big wedding , we could at least get engaged . ' but unbeknownst to becca , during their year long wait for ivf , dale , who works as an electrician , entered the pair into a win a wedding competition . becca says that once again fate was in their favour having initially been runners-up . becca says that she and dale could n't stop beaming when they discovered they were expecting twins . ' we actually came second in the competition , but then the first place dropped out and so we won , ' she said . ' we could n't believe it - after all the heart ache and the decision making , we were getting both . ' it felt like a miracle . i 'd always dreamt of a big white wedding and walking down the aisle , but i 'd put that to the back of my mind . ' i could n't believe my dreams were going to become a reality . ' after the wedding , the pair changed fertility clinics and had their final round of ivf . it was here that medics discovered becca had low hormone levels and started to treat her for the problem , giving her three hormone injections a day to increase the chance of her falling pregnant . when becca first discovered she was pregnant she was so shocked she took four tests to make sure . she gave birth to twins darci-mai ( left ) and stanley ( right ) . becca says that it was a challenging period but she was prepared to carry on in hope of having her dream family . ' i felt like a pin cushion while i was having all the treatment but knew it was worth it . ' then after the eggs were implanted i took two weeks off work to relax and do nothing other than sit with my legs up in the hope it would help us to get pregnant . ' then we did a pregnancy test and it was positive . we did n't want to get our hopes up but after four more tests said we were pregnant i believed it . ' overjoyed with the news becca was then astounded to find out that she was not carrying just one baby but two . ' once i knew i was pregnant i had a feeling we were going to have twins and when doctors confirmed it we could n't believe it . ' when the doctor told me there were two heartbeats we were all gobsmacked . the twins were born on 27th september last year . becca says that even when the darci-mai ( left ) and stanley ( right ) are screaming she feels lucky to have them . ' me and dale sat beaming at each other , we could n't believe we were about to have one baby let alone twins . ' the twins were born in september last year and six months later the couple still ca n't quite believe their luck . becca said : ' it 's amazing to think how dramatically our life changed in one year - we got married and now have a beautiful boy and girl . ' even now i still feel so privileged to have children - even when they are screaming i keep thinking thank goodness that they are with us . ' before i thought of myself as very unlucky , i 'd never won anything in my life . ' but since winning our wedding and having kids it still does n't feel real . ' i 've definitely used my life 's worth of luck now but i do n't care because i 've got everything i ever dreamed of so i 'm happy . ' finally everything 's gone right , we are finally married parents after everything we 've been through it is incredible . '