a couple bought a beanie baby for £10 at a car boot sale - and later realised it was worth £62,500 . leah rogers and ryan flanaghan were selling a range of toys at the boot sale in bude , cornwall , when they spotted the purple teddy at another seller 's stall . as a former collector , mr flanaghan , 22 , recognised the bear as a limited edition princess diana di beanie baby - one of the most sought after in the collection which can be worth thousands of pounds . scroll down for video . leah rogers and ryan flanaghan ( pictured together left ) picked up a rare purple beanie baby for £10 at a car boot sale in bude , cornwall - and later found out it was worth £62,500 . the bear turned out to be one of just 100 made around the world , made in december 1997 for the princess of wales memorial trust . they are now selling it on ebay , with a starting bid of £20,000 . but the builder was stunned to find out that the bear was one of just 100 made around the world - and that another version is currently listed on ebay for £62,500 . the pair are now hoping to sell the bear on the auction site and put the money towards a deposit for a house . miss rogers , 20 , a beauty therapist who lives in launceston , cornwall , said : ' we could n't believe it . we picked it up for £10 and it could be worth tens of thousands . ' it 's so hard for young people to get on the property ladder so we think this could really be a blessing . ' the pair had gone along to the car boot sale on bank holiday monday with mr flanaghan 's parents where they sold some of his old toys , including beanie babies . before putting the teddies in the pile , the couple looked online to check that none of the bears would count as collectors ' items . the pair , from launceston , cornwall , are now hoping the sale of the bear will give them a deposit for a house . while online , they read up about a princess diana di beanie baby , which can sell for huge amounts . the range was created in december 1997 - the year the princess died - to raise money for the princess of wales memorial trust . it includes a poem on the tag which refers to diana as an ' angel ' . but even when he spotted the bear at another seller 's stall , mr flanaghan had no idea whether it was a ' first edition ' bear - which are incredibly rare - or a second edition , which sells for just £20 . they later discovered the bear was handmade in indonesia in december 2007 with special pe pellets and wording on the tag , which refers to the princess of wales memorial fund - all of which make it a first edition bear . there is also a poem which reads : ' like an angel she came from heaven above ; she shared her compassion , her pain , her love ; she only stayed with us long enough to teach the world to share , to give , to reach . ' another first edition diana bear , the same as the one belonging to miss rogers and mr flanaghan , is currently being listed on ebay for £62,500 . miss rogers said : ' ryan and his sister used to collect beanie babies so before we sold a load we just wanted check that they were n't worth anything . ' as we were looking , we saw that this purple bear was the rarest bear and it was going for around £20,000 . we did n't think anything of it . ' but when we went to the car boot sale the next day , ryan went off for a walk and came back clutching this bag . he said : `` it 's that bear that we saw on the internet last night '' . ' the couple put it up for auction last night , with a starting bid of £20,000 . a spokesman for beanie fan club ty collector said only a handful of people know how many process bears were produced . the beanie babies were first introduced to the public in 1993 , when creators ty warner inc , which later became ty inc , launched its original line consisting of just nine characters . over the next few years however hundreds of different types of beanie baby were produced as they gained in popularity . the company made an empire worth more than $ 6billion from the toys , boosted by the increase in people buying them as popular collectibles in 1995 . at the peak of the collecting craze , many believed the designs which had been ' retired ' would rise in value . the craze however failed to last much longer than 1999 . nowadays hundreds of the cuddly toys are sold on sites such as ebay - but they are not always worth as much money as collectors would originally have hoped . however , there are some which have certainly increased in price , including the ' ultra rare ' ty princess diana di beanie baby , first edition , which can be sold for tens of thousands of pounds .   