porto will need to hit top form to advance against five-times champions bayern munich on tuesday despite holding a 3-1 first leg advantage in their champions league quarter-final , coach julen lopetegui said on monday . the spaniard warned bayern remained lethal even though they were missing several big names including arjen robben and david alaba . ' we have to produce a great performance against one of the greatest teams in the history of bayern , ' lopetegui , whose team are unbeaten in the competition this season , said . ricardo quaresma , who scored twice for porto against bayern munich , smiles during training on monday . porto manager julen lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form to progress against bayern munich . ' i am expecting a superb bayern team , regardless of who they will end up playing and we are prepared for what will happen . ' bayern are also without javi martinez and mehdi benatia , while winger franck ribery looks set to miss the game with a nagging ankle injury . germany captain bastian schweinsteiger returned to team training on monday but he is also doubtful to start having been out for weeks with an ankle injury and a subsequent virus . bayern are chasing a treble of titles and their fourth straight champions league semi-final appearance . twice winners porto have not reached the last four since winning the trophy in 2004 . lopetegui had the luxury of resting nine players who had played against bayern in their 1-0 league win over academica on saturday . ' we need to put everything we have planned into practice , ' said the coach , who was a former barcelona and spain team mate of bayern coach pep guardiola . bruno martins indi ( left ) and vincent aboubakar ( right ) lead the way as the porto squad warm up in munich . juan quintero stretches for the ball at the allianz arena as jackson martinez ( left ) and quaresma watch on . porto will be without suspended danilo and alex sandro but jackson martinez , who made his comeback from injury against bayern and scored their third goal and ricardo quaresma , who scored the other two , are looking in fine form . they also have defender ivan marcano back from suspension . ' it will be a very difficult task but we will try to find simple answers , ' lopetegui said . ' we like the idea of playing bayern , who are one of the best teams in the world . we can not think about what could happen , we must focus on the game tomorrow and try to give the answer on the pitch , ' he said .