exhausted , scared and undoubtedly hungry , eleven-year-old luke shambrook was sitting alone on a hillside at the moment rescuers in an increasingly desperate search finally reached him after five days . as a police helicopter hovered overhead guiding searchers to the spot and capturing dramatic video , luke , who suffers autism , peered out from behind trees in the fraser national park north-east of melbourne . the amazing video shows the moment a uniformed police officer reaches the boy first and appears to take his hand to reassure him he was finally safe , before other rescuers join the scene , with one of them unfolding a foil blanket and wrapping it around the boys shoulders . scroll down for video . autistic boy luke shambrook , 11 , was sitting on the side of a hill peering between trees toward a police helicopter at the moment he was found save after surviving for a remarkable five days on his own in the bush . luke went missing from the candlebark campground in the fraser national park near lake eildon , north-east of melbourne , on friday . he was found just before midday aest on tuesday in thick bushland off skyline road , eildon , 3km from the campsite . luke was sitting alone and forlorn on the hill when he was spotted from the police helicopter . a camera on the helicopter captured the dramatic moment rescuers reached luke on the fifth day of an increasingly desperate search , with a police officer the first on the scene . the officer knelt down and offered luke reassurance he was finally safe . other rescuers quickly followed , with one wrapping the terrified boy in a foil blanket , before he was gently taken from the bush to where he could receive proper medial attention . his parents tim and rachel were reunited with luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher , with his mother giving him a kiss . luke gave his father tim a ' big thumbs up ' when they saw each other , the family said . luke shambrook has been found alive after he went missing from a victorian campsite at 9.30am on friday . he is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunited with his mother rachel ( pictured left ) . luke went missing from the candlebark campground in the fraser national park near lake eildon , north-east of melbourne , on friday . luke was found just before midday aest on tuesday in bushland off skyline road , 3km from the campsite . ' when the rescue team found him , he was in high spirits and was walked out of the bush on his own two feet , ' they said in a statement . ' the family are very happy to be reunited . ' luke is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia and has been driven to alexandra hospital to undergo further medical assessments in the company of his parents . acting commander rick nugent said : ' he 's a lucky boy , he 's a strong boy , and we are so rapt for the family and we are so thankful for the support . ' police said he was found 3km from where he first went missing but he could have walked much further in the days he was missing . ' police would like to thank all those involved in the search over the past few days and appreciate the immense amount of community support , ' a spokeswoman said in a statement . on monday a beanie believed to have belonged to luke was found west of the campsite . police and other emergency crews scoured the thick bushland areas around lake eildon for days . luke gave his father tim a ' big thumbs up ' when they saw each other , the family said . luke has been driven to hospital to undergo further medical assessments in the company of his parents . his parents tim and rachel were reunited with luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher , with his mother giving him a kiss . luke may not have even known he was lost and was known to frequently hide , according to his family . on sunday , search co-ordinator acting senior sergeant andrew walker said luke had a ' very high pain tolerance ' , a factor that would work in his favour . ' hence the reason why we 're out searching . we 're still hopeful that we can find him , ' sgt walker said . the 11-year-old , who is autistic , was reportedly seen walking near the devils river on sunday , four kilometres south of his campsite where he went missing from . search crews rushed to the location and police said they believed the young boy was still alive . police said he was found 3km from where he first went missing but he could have walked much further in the days he was missing . he is being driven to alexandra hospital to undergo further medical assessments . the shambrook family with children ( left to right ) luke , 11 , lauren , 7 , and matthew , 10 . a victorian police spokeswoman told aap late on sunday a family saw a young boy matching luke 's description while they were driving in the devils river vicinity . a renewed sense of urgency gripped the search efforts for the 11-year-old as temperatures dropped as low as eight degrees celsius in the area . ' the advice i 'm getting from our search and rescue experts having regard to the overnight temperatures and the daytime temperatures is that he could well still be out there , ' sgt walker said on sunday . ' we 've got to be realists but we 're positive , the family 's positive . ' on monday a beanie believed to have belonged to luke was found west of the candlebark campground . the candlebark campground in fraser national park , central victoria , where luke went missing on friday . but luke may not have even known he was lost and was known to frequently hide , according to his family . he was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park near lake eildon at 9.30am on good friday . campers helped rescue teams including the air wing , dog squad , local police and ses volunteers in the search of thick bushland . police said luke would have been able to stay reasonably warm as he was last seen wearing a warm jacket . a large search was carried out by a medley of search and rescue teams . lake eildon , near where luke went missing : police said conditions were favourable for his survival overnight , with warm temperatures throughout the day . having met luke 's family during a push to open a special school in melbourne 's south-east , opposition emergency services spokesman brad battin says it was devastating to hear the 11-year-old is missing . he said luke 's parents tim and rachel had been updating him on the search and appreciated the efforts of all those out looking for their little boy . ' he 's a lovely young kid , ' mr battin told aap on sunday . ' he displays all the characteristics of a child with autism , which means he might not even think he is lost . ' sergeant greg paul said the search was focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland . searchers are desperately combing bushland and the banks of a lake for an autistic who went missing there . 