most scientists agree that a bit of stress is good for you , stimulating your body to produce an important hormone called cortisol . but too much is bad for your health and now an expert has revealed exactly why in a video . in it she reveals why prolonged periods of stress - due to money and work , for example - can inhibit the immune system and even lead to weaker bones . scroll down for video . a university of nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video ( still image shown ) . limited periods of stress are good , as they release the hormone cortisol . this is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations . but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile . the science of stress was explained in a video by dr raychelle burks from the university of nebraska-lincoln for the american chemical society . cortisol is known as the ' stress hormone ' . normally , it 's present in the body at higher levels in the morning , and at its lowest at night . although stress is n't the only reason that cortisol is secreted into the bloodstream , it has been termed the ' stress hormone ' as it is released when the body is in ' fight or flight ' mode . as she explains , when you encounter a stressful situation ‘ your body will start releasing [ the hormones ] adrenaline and norepinephrine within seconds to prepare you to fight - or more likely , take flight . ’ after a minute or two your body is flooded with cortisol , which is vital in keeping you healthy in tense situations . cortisol puts more glucose into your bloodstream so that when the adrenaline is gone you don’t crash . ‘ it also kicks your liver into gear , pumping out the extra glucose that’s now sloshing around inside of you , ’ dr burks explained . but if you stay stressed for too long , it can have negative effects . after a minute or two of being stressed ( stock image shown ) , your body is flooded with cortisol , which is vital in keeping you healthy in tense situations . but too much will lower your immune system , and could also make your bones more fragile , according to dr raychelle burks from the university of nebraska-lincoln . ‘ cortisol inhibits some of your immune responses , meaning you’re more likely to get sick and it takes longer for wounds to heal , ’ dr burks continued . ‘ cortisol also slows bone growth , meaning sustained levels can lead to weaker , more fragile bones . ‘ and because cortisol acts on a part of your brain that controls appetite , it also increases your desire for fatty and sugary foods . ’ one positive side effect of too much cortisol , though , is that cortisol is good at reducing swelling or itching in its medical form - known as hydrocortisone . however , remaining stressed for too long is still not advisable - and dr burks recommends eating healthy food , exercising and getting plenty of sleep to beat stress .