an intriguing picture on twitter has given an insight into the meticulous preparation of a commentator for a football match . bbc radio 5 live commentator guy mowbray 's notes for monday night 's premier league clash between liverpool and newcastle at anfield were posted ahead of kick-off . bbc commentator guy mowbray 's commentary notes for liverpool 's league match against newcastle . mowbray has worked for the bbc since 2004 . and mowbray was not far off from correctly predicting the starting line-ups , naming 19 of the 22 players who took to the field . however , he surprisingly , and incorrectly , predicted that 18-year-old midfielder cameron brannagan would make his first liverpool start . instead jordan ibe returned from injury , while brannagan was an unused substitute in liverpool 's 2-0 win at anfield . the notes are thorough from start to finish with numbers for appearances , goals , transfer fees and other interesting tidbits to keep the millions of listeners across the country well informed . liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet 's political science degree is noted , as is the fact that jordon ibe - though the 19-year-old 's first name was spelt incorrectly in the notes as ' jordan ' - was born on raheem sterling 's first birthday . also mentioned is newcastle goalkeeper tim krul congratulating sunderland 's jermain defoe on his goal in the recent wear-tyne derby , jamie sterry 's italian grandad , and the fact that newcastle defender ryan taylor is a liverpool fan . mowbray , 43 , was the youngest ever television commentator on a world cup final when he covered the 1998 edition for eurosport . he has worked for the bbc since 2004 . radio 5 live 's commentators now have it harder than ever after a recent change to bring the station 's games in line with tv coverage , with just one commentator and one summariser . in previous years there had been two commentators who switched at the mid-point of each half , with a summariser interjecting for 90 minutes . however since 2012 the bbc commentaries have been reduced to a single commentator , putting more pressure on the likes of mowbray to be better prepared than ever . raheem sterling celebrates after scoring the opening goal for liverpool at anfield on monday night . mowbray 's notes are more detailed , but less colourful than those produced by another bbc commentator , nick barnes , who works for the corporation 's radio newcastle . barnes posts some of his notes for newcastle games on twitter , complete with his commentary microphone , showing off his artistry as well as his research . the local radio commentator 's notebook included hand-drawn kits and national flags for each player , as well as colour-coded notes on the visiting club 's form and the predicted line-ups in formation . nick barnes ' notebook , from a picture posted to twitter , showing his notes on crystal palace ahead of their game against sunderland last week . barnes tweeted his notes on newcastle ahead of the 154th tyne-wear derby , which sunderland won at st james ' park .