burnley manager sean dyche has attempted to protect out-of-sorts striker danny ings by calling on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the premier league . ings , strongly linked with a move to manchester united or liverpool when his contract at turf moor runs out in the summer , has n't scored since february 11 — a run of eight matches — and missed his side 's best chance in saturday 's 1-0 defeat at everton that left burnley bottom . as a team , they have scored just one goal in their last seven matches and while dyche needs 23-year-old ings to rediscover his mojo quickly , starting with the critical home game against relegation rivals leicester city , he insists it 's unfair to pin the club 's survival hopes on one man . burnley striker danny ings is struggling for form at the moment and has n't scored since february 11 . everton full-back seamus coleman ( right ) comes forward with the ball as ings ( left ) gives chase on saturday . ings runs away in celebration after scoring for burnley against manchester united at old trafford in february . burnley manager sean dyche insists that the rest of his players must help to relieve the pressure on ings . ' yes , danny needs to find his goal touch but it 's not just him . you want everyone and anyone to score . boydy ( george boyde ) has got goals , scott arfield 's chipped in . david jones had a great chance against everton so the whole team has to step up to the plate . ' i 'd be questioning us more if we were n't creating chances but we have been creating . it 's rare at this level that you see a whole plethora of chances , say 15 or 20 like you see in other leagues , so when your chances come you have to take them . ' ings was mentioned in the same breath as harry kane not so long ago but you could see a lack of confidence as he misdirected a header from a kieran trippier cross in the closing minutes . it is 43 months since everton last lost a 3pm saturday home game , a 1-0 defeat against qpr which marked tony fernandes ' first match in charge as the visitors ' new owner . everton won the game with a first-half goal from kevin mirallas who was later fortunate not to become the second player to be dismissed by referee mike jones when he caught boyd on the shin . burnley 's ashley barnes had earlier been sent off for two bookable challenges , a decision dyche had no complaints about . everton 's stand-out performer was winger aaron lennon who has impressed since a january loan move from tottenham . even so , manager roberto martinez insists there are no plans at this stage to sign him on a permanent basis . ' with all honesty , we are not going to think about that situation until the season is over , ' said martinez . ' when you have a loan player it is always a three-way conversation . the player is the first one that needs to make a decision and the parent club has a big say . i 've never been worried about what is going to happen at the end of it . ' you see sometimes when you make loan moves permanent , they do n't work out . then sometimes it is the opposite , you sign a loan player and he becomes the best player you could ever sign because you know him and they know the way the team works . ' everton 's young england player ross barkley suffered the indignity of missing an early penalty when he stepped up instead of leighton baines , whose conversion rate in the premier league is 15 from 16 . even so , martinez insists he will continue to leave it to the players to decide who takes penalties if the regular taker romelu lukaku is n't on the pitch . everton winger kevin mirallas scores his side 's winning goal against burnley at goodison park on saturday . everton 's star performer against burnley was aaron lennon who is currently on loan at the club from spurs . everton manager roberto martinez , however , has not let on if he intends to sign lennon permanently or not .     