an iditarod sled dog who escaped from handlers in anchorage has been found safe after being on the run for a month . alaskan husky , sarabi , was returned to a friend of the musher laura allaway , on monday night who will be reunited with the animal on april 28 when she returns from traveling . the three-year-old dog was spotted on april 15 near glenn highway and then again last friday near reverend tim carrick 's united protestant presbyterian church before being caught on monday night , according to ktuu . carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home , and used four bowls of dog kibbles , a pot of chicken stock , liverwurst and a motion activated camera to help capture sarabi . idiatrod sled dog sarabi escaped from handlers in anchorage but has been found safe a month after running away ( sarabi pictured above ) . sarabi was dropped from musher laura allaway 's team ( allaway pictured left ) during the iditarod on march 21 . the three-year-old dog was then seen near glenn highway around april 15 before being spotted in palmer . ' i was pretty sure that she was n't around anymore after three weeks of no confirmed sighting , ' allaway told abc news . sarabi escaped from handlers on march 21 after being dropped by musher allaway 's team during the iditarod race . the animal was then seen near glenn highway around april 15 , and then in palmer , about 40 miles northeast of anchorage . after sarabi was spotted in near carrick 's home and the church in palmer , searchers asked him for help . she was seen on video eating the food in the cage trap before it was decided on the evening of april 20 to capture her , and the trap was closed on monday night . ' this morning when i got up , she was all the way inside the cage and licking the back ' carrick told ktuu on monday . ' one of the ladies had put some liverwurst or something in the back of the cage so she would get more comfortable with going in ' . rev . tim carrick set up a cage trap in the woods between his home and the church and placed inside over a course of a few days four bowls of dog kibbles , a pot of chicken stock and liverwurst ( above the trap ) . on facebook allaway wrote on tuesday thanking everyone for their help in bringing sarabi back home to fairbanks ( above ) . ' i 'm kind of sad to see her go in a way , but really happy she 's going to be back with laura ' , carrick continued . morgan hall , a friend of allaway 's picked up sarabi on monday around 9pm and took her to a kennel where allaway works in fairbanks . ' we got her . we got her safe . she 'll be home safe , ' hall told the alaska dispatch news on monday night . ' that 's all that matters . ' on facebook , allaway wrote on tuesday thanking everyone for their help in sarabi 's return back home to fairbanks . sarabi 's only apparent injury was a porcupine quill under the eye which was removed following her capture ( daniel carrick with the dog above ) . she wrote : ' the moment we have all been waiting for ! ! sarabi is caught ! she is safe and sound and will be back home in fairbanks tomorrow ! ! ' i can not thank each and every one of you enough for everything you all have done ! ' if it was n't from the help of so many people she likely would still be roaming the streets ! i 'm so sooo happy she is safe and sound ! ' sarabi appears to be at a healthy weight and her only apparent injury was a porcupine quill under the eye which hall 's husband removed following the dog 's capture , according to alaska dispatch news . allaway is looking forward to embracing sarabi once they are reunited . she told alaska dispatch news : ' i 'm going to hug her for ten minutes straight . '