i yield to no one in my love of the old days — warm beer , cricket on the village green , bobbies on bicycles two by two , all that — but it 's rare a chance arises to compare the rose-tinted past with the brave new world , as it did on saturday evening when sky 's high-octane premier league coverage went head-to-head with arsenal v reading in the fa cup semi-final on the bbc . as we know , the premier league has the money and prestige , but what the fa cup has is history , and boy does the bbc love a bit of history ? lest you were in any doubt , its coverage of the semi-final kicked off with footage of the late sir laurence olivier doing the st crispin 's day speech from the film of henry v ( ' we happy few , we band of brothers , ' and so on ) . gary lineker , alan shearer , jason roberts and ian wright fronted the bbc 's coverage at wembley . bbc presenter lineker prepares to present the match of the day 50th anniversary special broadcast . reading defender nathaniel chaloboah ( left ) chases arsenal midfielder aaron ramsey ( right ) on saturday . gunners forward alexis sanchez celebrates after scoring his side 's winning goal in the fa cup semi-final . stand-in match of the day presenter gabby logan ( left ) with pundits phil neville and robbie savage ( right ) . the excuse , i guess , was that reading 's nickname is the royals , but as the second-tier team are also known as the biscuitmen . the bbc even gave us a moment of history at half-time with a breakdown , something that used to be a regular feature of tv outside broadcasts , when a feature on crystal palace 's shock semi-final victory over liverpool 25 years ago came to a shuddering halt halfway through . in such instances , the bbc is lucky to retain the services of gary lineker , the best presenter of live football on tv . sky have never really replaced the disgraced richard keys , who had the benefit of longevity in the post . the bbc needs to fight hard to avoid lineker falling into the hands of rivals . not that sky 's presenters are less than competent — david jones did the job — but it 's never a good sign when you have to go to google to check which one it is . the price of live premier league football is now way beyond the reach of the bbc , which may be the clincher in lineker 's future . while the bbc 's match had the lion 's share of the goalmouth action , it was difficult to resist turning over to sky on occasion . having invested its billions in the premier league , sky does n't skimp on the peripheries . the sound always seems a little crisper , and in punditry , where sky offers us the rolls royce of analysts , gary neville , the bbc counters with the mid-range danny murphy . in the commentary box , sky fields martin tyler for its big games in the knowledge he 'll rarely make a bad call , while the bbc never seems sure who its best commentator is . the man on the job on saturday , steve wilson , is unfussy and made the most of what was the bigger story . the outcome on sky was depressingly predictable . the bbc may miss out on the premier league 's pricey weekly thrills , but took the biscuit on saturday . the bbc 's dan walker talks pitchside with sportsmail 's martin keown at wembley . sky sports pundits graeme souness ( left ) and thierry henry ( right ) discuss their match analysis .