an 81-year-old man has been arrested for allegedly stabbing to death his granddaughter 's ex-boyfriend after the young couple started arguing following their daughter 's first birthday party . nicolas diaz reportedly intervened after his granddaughter , amber diaz , and her former partner , kevin rivera , 21 , got into a dispute at their home in brooklyn , new york , in the early hours of sunday . the recently separated couple , who have a baby daughter , aeralye , together , had just returned to the apartment after celebrating the infant 's first birthday . diaz wanted to break up the fight , relatives said . he allegedly stabbed mr rivera , an unemployed musician , with a knife , before fleeing the scene . when medics arrived at the bushwick property , they discovered mr rivera with a chest wound . scroll down for video . ' manslaughter ' : nicolas diaz ( ieft ) , 81 , allegedly stabbed to death his granddaughter 's ex-boyfriend , kevin rivera , ( right ) , after the couple started arguing following their daughter 's first birthday party on sunday . scene : diaz reportedly intervened after his granddaughter , amber diaz , and 21-year-old mr rivera got into a dispute at their home in this apartment bock at 1225 broadway ( pictured ) in bushwick in brooklyn , new york . he was rushed to woodhull medical center , but despite medics ' best efforts , was later pronounced dead , according to the new york times . police immediately launched a manhunt for diaz . on monday morning , the suspect turned himself into police , nbc reported . he has since been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of a weapon in relation to the killing . miss diaz and mr rivera had apparently been dating for around three years before they split . relatives told the times their relationship had started to break down following aeralye 's birth last year . ' they were always fighting . girlfriend and boyfriend stuff , ' said jose rivera , the victim’s grandfather , adding he had adopted his grandson , along with his twin brother and sister , after their father had died . police : the pensioner allegedly stabbed mr rivera with a knife , before fleeing the scene . when medics arrived at the property , they found mr rivera with a chest wound . above , a cop stands at the entrance to the home . grief-stricken : mr rivera was rushed to woodhull medical center , but despite medics ' best efforts , was later pronounced dead . above , some of the victim 's devastated relatives are pictured hugging on the street . on the day of the alleged manslaughter , the couple had just returned home after celebrating aeralye 's first birthday together . they were arguing when diaz reportedly lashed out at mr rivera with the knife . ' the girl was screaming , ' one neighbor told the times . ' it was getting out of control . i heard screaming , footsteps - hard . ' the neighbor said they then called 911 . police arrived at the scene 20 minutes later . speaking to the new york post , miss diaz said of her now-deceased ex-boyfriend : ' kevin is my ex-boyfriend and he was trying to get back with me . he wouldn’t leave , and he was yelling and pushing . ' although mr rivera , who also suffered slashes to his arms in the attack , was unemployed at the time of his death , he had apparently considered applying to be a driver for the online taxi service , uber . aerlaye has reportedly been taken into custody by officials . emergency : miss diaz and mr rivera had apparently been dating for around three years before they split . relatives told the times their relationship had started to break down following aeralye 's birth last year .  