the final discworld novel written by sir terry pratchett before he died last month at the age of 66 will be released later this year , his publishers have said . the book will be called the shepherd 's crown and will feature tiffany aching , a witch-in-training who has featured in four of sir terry 's books to date , first appearing in the wee free men in 2003 . the novel , which is based in the fictional realm of discworld - a flat disc balanced on the back of four elephants and a giant turtle roaming through space - will go on sale in september . scroll down for video . the final book written by sir terry pratchett , the shepherd 's crown , which will be set in the discworld universe and feature witch tiffany aching , will be released this september , his publishers have said . tom weldon , from publishers penguin random house , said : ' it is a huge privilege to be publishing sir terry pratchett’s final discworld novel , the shepherd’s crown . 'terry’s writing is loved and respected the world over and this publication will be an incredibly important and special event for us all at penguin random house , and for fans and readers everywhere . ' sir terry published his fist discworld novel , the colour of magic , in 1983 and went on to sell 85million books worldwide , with his work being translated into 37 languages . before that he had been a journalist , writing for the bucks free press , the western daily press and finally the bath chronicle . the character of tiffany , who forms one of several side-plots in the 40 discoworld novels , first appeared in the wee free men ( left ) in 2003 , and went on to feature in another three books . a hat full of sky , wintersmith , and i shall wear midnight saw tiffany grow to be 16 and become a powerful witch . the plot of the final book is unknown , but the shepherd in the title could refer to her grandmother . he became a press officer for the central electricity generating board , with responsibility for three nuclear power stations , in 1980 . 1948 : born to david and eileen pratchett in beconsfield , buckinghamshire . 1965 : left school to become a reporter for the bucks free press . 1968 : married wife lyn . daughter rhianna is born eight years later . 1971 : published his first book , the carpet people , which received good reviews but generated only modest sales . 1980 : left journalism to work in pr for the central electricity generating board . 1983 : published the first book of the discworld series , the colour of magic , which sold out during its first day . 1998 : awarded an obe at buckingham palace for ' services to literature ' . 2007 : diagnosed with rare form of early-onset alzheimer 's after car accident . becomes a right to die campaigner . 2009 : knighted by the queen at buckingham palace . 2012 : he gives an interview stating that , while his health is better than expected , his condition is catching up with him . by this point he is thought to be writing by dictation . 2014 : sir terry finishes his final book , the shepherd 's crown , which will be published this september . 2015 : sir terry dies at his home in wiltshire . his death is announced by his daughter on twitter . he was first published in 1971 with novel the carpet people , but his career as a writer did not truly take off until the colour of magic was printed . in total sir terry published 70 novels , 40 of which were set in discworld , blending together elements of fantasy , philosophy and real-world politics , while managing to satirise all three . the character of tiffany aching first appeared in 2003 . then aged just nine , she began her training as a witch , and was awarded an imaginary invisible hat to boost her confidence . over the course of another three books , a hat full of sky , wintersmith , and i shall wear midnight , tiffany turned 16 , growing in power and gaining abilities along the way . while the plot of the final discworld book has not yet been revealed , the shepherd of the book 's title could be a reference to tiffany 's grandmother , sarah aching , who herded sheep . sir terry was born in 1948 , the only child of a working-class couple - his father was a mechanic - and brought up in beaconsfield , buckinghamshire . adventurous , and keen on learning by doing , he disliked school and had to be bribed by his parents into reading books . while he eventually became hooked on fiction , that never translated into a love of the classroom and he left as soon as he was able in order to become a reporter . as his literary career took off he won a host of prizes and was handed a total of nine honorary doctorates , before being awarded an obe in 1998 , and was finally knighted in 2009 ' for services to literature ' . asked about his success at the time , he said : ' most writers don’t make much money , they only happen to make some if they’re standing in the station when the gravy train comes in . sir terry wrote 70 novels , 40 of which were set in discworld - a flat planet carried through space on the back of four elephants and a giant turtle - selling 85million copies ( pictured after being given an obe in 1998 ) . ' i thought i was lucky to make some money , then lucky to make a living , then lucky to be a millionaire . ' however , in 2007 , he was diagnosed with posterior cortical atrophy [ pca ] , a form of early-onset alzheimer 's . sir terry , who was knighted in 2009 ( pictured ) , suffered from a form of early-onset alzheimer 's , and was a right to die campaigner . the first hint that he was not well came as he drove home after watching his father , david , die from pancreatic cancer , when he misjudged a lane and scraped his car along a wall . as he succumbed to the disease he lost everyday skills such as touch-typing , but simply took to dictation software to write his books instead , insisting it made him even more eloquent . he also refused to become self-pitying . he rarely referred to his illness by name , instead preferring to call it ' the embuggerance ' . he even turned his illness to public campaigning , speaking tirelessly and eloquently in favour of people 's the right to die in the manner of their choosing . sir terry passed away on march 12 ' with his cat sleeping on his bed surrounded by his family ' at his home in wiltshire . his death was announced on twitter by his daughter , rhianna , who used his account to write : ' at last , sir terry , we must walk together . ' ' terry took death 's arm and followed him through the doors and on to the black desert under the endless night . the end . ' the character of death , one of the most beloved in the discworld series , always speaks in capitals . since sir terry 's death , mourning fans have donated more than £40,000 to the research institute for the care of older people , a charity for which he campaigned .