a father who was arrested for using medical cannabis on his critically ill two-year-old daughter has pleaded for the government to legalise the drug as her health continues to decline . after hearing positive stories about the benefits of using the controversial treatment , the 32-year-old cairns man decided to give cannabis oil to his daughter who is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma . despite his claims that it improved her condition , the father , who can not be named for legal reasons but has been nicknamed ' fearless father ' , was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor and was refused access to his sick daughter . now he has spoken out in the hope that he can persuade the government to rethink their cannabis laws and drop the charges against him . scroll down for video . the father has been charged for treating his 2-year-old daughter with medical cannabis oil . ‘ my daughter’s got a 50 per cent survival rate , it’s pretty confronting ' , he told channel 10 . ‘ each day that ticks over is essentially children suffering as well as my daughter , ' he said while talking about legalising medical cannabis . the little girl , who was diagnosed with the deadly disease shortly before christmas , has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs . just last week the toddlers condition took a turn for the worse . the young child has a high temperature , an infection and has fluid in her lungs . ‘ she could n't really move , i would just show her videos from home . i was crying the whole time because i don’t see her enough , ' the desperate father said . 'that’s been the hardest thing not being there to support her and for her to see me and give her my love and care . ' he appeared in court in january , where he was granted the right to visit his daughter , having previously been refused access after he was charged . when asked by ten news if he thought he was a criminal , the father said ' absolutely not ' and made it clear that all he wanted was for his daughter to get better . the young girl’s mother , who is estranged from the father , does not agree with his actions and the method of treatment he chose to use on their daughter . the father is reportedly estranged from the two-year-old 's mother and she has made it very clear that she does not support his actions . she does n't believe there 's been an improvement in her daughter 's condition . the adorable little girl was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer shortly before christmas . he has relocated to brisbane to be with his daughter during her treatment and is living out of a suitcase . for several weeks now , the father has been unable to see his daughter as she was n't in the hospital . on his team 's facebook page it was revealed that it took police nearly three months to approve a supervisor for times that the little girl is not in hospital . ' the hospital have defaulted to previous orders from 2013 because they were given no choice in the absence of an agreement between [ the child 's ] parents , which means that [ the father ] gets to spend 10 hours a week with his child if she is in hospital , ' the facebook page called ' fearless father said . ' [ the father 's ] family , who love [ the child ] very much are also excluded from her life unless they are able to visit during [ the father 's ] visits . ' two-year-old has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs . in january the dad was desperate to find a solution to his daughter 's pain and administered the medical cannabis oil mixed with coconut , to increase her rate of survival . ' my aim was to create an alkaline climate in her body , provide a nutrient dense diet , alkaline water , essential oil therapy and a healing environment of fun and positivity , ' he said . ' her cancer ridden little body was alive again . [ my daughter ] had almost instant quality of life , ' he said . ' she would say “ daddy , tummy 's not sore '' . she would be able to eat like a champion and began to gain weight , ' ' her energy was up and she wanted to go outside with me instead of lay on her back with legs curled up . her skin colour came back , her eyes were sparkling again , ' the father has said . the girl 's mother is at odds with the father over his treatment options for their daughter . however , according to him , his daughter is now struggling to breath on her own and is having seizures following her withdrawal from the cannabis oil . ' she has spiralled downhill since she lost her daddy and oil treatment . i pray that i will see her again one way , ' he said . he appeared in the brisbane magistrates court in january charged with possession of a dangerous drug and administering a dangerous drug to a minor under the age of 16 . as part of his bail he has now been allowed access to his daughter in hospital , however there needs to be a supervisor in the room with him . a group of people holding placards turned out at the court in support of the father and to protest against his arrest . after hearing positive stories about the benefits of cannabis oil , the father decided to give it to his daughter . the father , who worked as an it professional with the catholic education department , was left devastated when he was unable to log on to the work system after having his blue card revoked . having sent numerous emails to the education department asking for permission to take 12 months carer leave with no response , he was shocked at their decision . he received a letter in the post to say his blue card had been revoked , claiming the change in his police information meant his employer must not continue to employ him . however the catholic education department has made it clear that they support him and this was merely a legality . ' [ the father ] is still employed by catholic education and is currently on paid leave , ' they said . she was diagnosed with the deadly disease shortly before christmas 2014 and her parents have been told she has a fifty per cent chance of survival . they said he is free to speak to them regarding his employment and can access their employee assistance program . since the excruciating decision was made to ban the father from seeing his dying daughter , he has set up a campaign to raise awareness of his situation . the dad received good news as a result of the campaign , when he was granted permission to contact the hospital on a daily basis to be updated on his daughter 's condition . the petition has attracted worldwide attention and over 200,000 supporters have now joined his campaign in an effort to legalise cannabis . the two-year-old tot 's parents are in dispute over the administering of medical cannabis to cure her cancer . he argued that he ' deserves to have his parental rights to see his child reinstated , the charges against him dropped by a court and the right to decide the treatment options for his own child . ' ' there is ample evidence to show that medical cannabis has many beneficial effects for cancer patients without the harmful side effects and other associated risks of current drug treatments , ' he said . a fund has been set up in the two-year-old 's name and is in the hands of his mother . he said all money raised from the account will be used for his daughter 's ongoing journey and recovery . the nsw government recently announced there will be a range of clinical trials administered to test the benefits of medical marijuana . ' medical cannabis oil is an amazing healer and needs to be made available for anyone in need . ' the father said . ' my goal is the have these charges thrown out . [ the girl ] needs her daddy by her side . ' the medical cannabis users association is holding a vigil this week out the front of the lady cilento children 's hospital in support of the father . the dad argues that he ' deserves to have his parental rights to see his child reinstated , the charges against him dropped by a court and the right to decide the treatment options for his own child ' .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .