an investigation spanning almost three years into the yearly cost of gun violence covered by u.s. taxpayers has determined the figure to be over $ 229 billion . the new study , by independent political magazine mother jones , was spawned by the mass shooting in aurora , colorado , in july 2012 during a midnight screening of the dark knight rises , in which 12 people were killed and 70 injured . the magazine says it set out to determine the amount of money the survivors and victims ' families from that one incident would need , based on medical expenses , lost wages , court costs , therapy and impact on quality of life . the legal proceedings alone cost $ 5.5 million before the trial of the shooter , james eagan holmes , had even started . shocking : a new report into the annual economic toll of gun violence in the us determined that taxpayers fork out $ 229 billion annually because of shootings , which is more than $ 700 per person . that figure is more than apple 's annual revenue of $ 174 billion and the cost of the obesity epidemic , which is $ 224 billion . the investigation subsequently expanded to account for all the victims of gun-related violence in the u.s. based on yearly figures from 2012 . at least 750,000 americans have been injured by guns over the last 10 years . while gun-related deaths seem to be decreasing , with 33,000 each year , gun-related violence is increasing , with 80,000 injured in 2012 . mother jones reported the rise of gun-related violence to be up 11 percent since 2011 . despite this increase , no studies have been undertaken to document the cost to society that such shootings demand . last month , a team doctors noted in the annals of internal medicine that the issue is ' a public health crisis ' . the medical journal also noted that such studies have been avoided because of the influence that the national rifle association and other pro-gun groups have on political leaders . the annals of internal medicine called this ' suppression of science ' . gun violence : although homicides are on the decline across the us , mother jones found 80,000 people were injured by guns in 2012 . the yearly cost to send someone to prison for gun-related homicide is $ 414,000 . mother jones added : ' political forces had effectively banned the centers for disease control and prevention and other scientific agencies from funding research on gun-related injury and death . the ban worked : a recent systematic review of studies evaluating access to guns and its association with suicide and homicide identified no relevant studies published since 2005 . ' to set about its own study , mother jones enlisted ted miller at the pacific institute for research and evaluation . miller had undertaken similar investigations since the 1980s . they identified two major costs stemming from gun-related violence : direct and indirect . direct costs referred to the expenses of someone actually being shot , from emergency service , to police investigations and medical bills , as well as court and prison costs for the assailant . taxpayers account for about 87 percent of the direct costs involved in gun-related violence , mother jones reported . based on miller 's findings and the 2012 data , it was determined the yearly total of direct costs is about $ 8.6 billion . about $ 5.2 billion of this relates to prison costs . ' the average cost to taxpayers for a single gun homicide in america is nearly $ 400,000 , ' the study determined . ' and we pay for 32 of them every single day . ' for each homicide caused by a gun , the largest direct cost is prison , which costs about $ 414,000 for each person who committed the crime , according to mother jones . there are 32 of these paid out every day . the second , and vastly more expensive category , is indirect costs , such as loss of income , impact on quality of life and payouts to survivors , victims and their families . indirect costs amount to at least $ 221 billion each year , it was determined . lost wages alone counts for $ 49 billion of that figure . however the $ 229 billion total could be well be higher , because there are factors related to gun violence that could not be counted . this includes the massive increase in security at schools across the country since the columbine high school massacre in 1999 . the federal government has spent over $ 811 million equipping schools with security guards and providing other surveillance-based equipment . adding up : the mother jones study used 2012 data of homicides , suicides , police shootings , and massacres to quantify the effects of gun violence . mother jones included a case study in the investigation , showing the life-long costs of and effects that a random shooting had on arizona woman jennifer longdon . longdon and her husband , both martial artists , were at a drive-thru in phoenix on november 15 , 2004 , when another vehicle side-swiped their car . the driver of the other vehicle got out and fired five shots into the truck that longdon and her husband david were in . david was shot in the head , causing him severe neurological damage and sending him blind . he required around-the-clock care . jennifer was shot in the spine and permanently paralyzed from the chest down . the shooter or shooters were never caught . activist : jennifer longdon was paralyzed following a random shooting in phoenix in 2044 . she estimates the total financial toll the shooting has had on her since the incident to be around $ 5 million . adding to that cost , the shooter was never caught and her husband suffered severe brain damage . after five months in hospital , jennifer 's hospital bills totaled almost $ 1 million . she was dumped by her health insurance provider following the shooting , based on a pre-existing condition , and had to file for bankruptcy . she has been hospitalized over 20 times since the shooting and estimates her total bills since 2004 , including wheelchair modifications to her home , a van that she was able to drive with just her hands and physical therapy , to about $ 5 million . she is now a high-profile gun control activist . ' it 's an ongoing battle every day—choosing to stay alive , and to continue to fight , ' she told mother jones .