the frustration of waiting hours for your phone to charge could soon be a thing of the past thanks to an aluminium battery that recharges in less than 60 seconds . and the technology is both greener and safer than current batteries , as well as being flexible . it is the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging , long-lasting and inexpensive ' , according to its designers . the aluminium battery ( pictured ) was created at stanford university . it is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging , long-lasting and inexpensive ' . the aluminium battery was created at stanford university , california , and the findings have been published in the journal nature . lead author and professor of chemistry at the university , hongjie dai , said : ' we have developed a rechargeable aluminium battery that may replace existing storage devices , such as alkaline batteries , which are bad for the environment , and lithium-ion batteries , which occasionally burst into flames . ' our new battery wo n't catch fire , even if you drill through it . ' aluminium is cheap and has a low flammability coupled with a high-charge storage capacity . the aluminium battery was created at stanford university . it consists of a negatively charged anode made of aluminum and a positively charged graphite cathode along with an ionic liquid electrolyte . these sit inside a flexible polymer-coated pouch . and while lithium-ion batteries can take hours to charge , the new battery has ' unprecedented charging times ' of down to one minute . unlike other prototypes which die after just 100 charges , the stanford battery can also withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity . it is more environmentally friendly than alkaline batteries , and ca n't catch fire like lithium-ion technology . at present the rechargeable aluminium battery generates about two volts of electricity , the highest achieved yet with aluminium . ' but the researchers said the battery has only half the voltage of lithium-ion technology . but scientists have struggled to make a commercially viable aluminium-ion battery because of the difficulty in finding materials capable of producing sufficient voltage after repeated cycles of charging and discharging . the aluminum-ion battery consists of two electrodes - a negatively charged anode made of aluminum and a positively charged graphite cathode along with an ionic liquid electrolyte . these sit inside a flexible polymer-coated pouch . stanford graduate student ming gong added : ' the electrolyte is basically a salt that 's liquid at room temperature , so it 's very safe . 'lithium-ion batteries can be a fire hazard . ' in our study , we have videos showing that you can drill through the aluminium battery pouch , and it will continue working for a while longer without catching fire . ' but lithium batteries can go off in an unpredictable manner in the air , the car or in your pocket . besides safety , we have achieved major breakthroughs in aluminium battery performance . ' and while lithium-ion battery can take hours to charge , the new battery has ' unprecedented charging times ' of down to one minute . unlike other prototypes which die after just 100 charges , the stanford battery can also withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity . by comparison , a typical lithium-ion battery lasts about 1,000 cycles . mr gong continued : ' another feature of the aluminum battery is flexibility . the battery consists of a negatively charged anode made of aluminum and a positively charged graphite cathode along with an ionic liquid electrolyte . these sit inside a flexible polymer-coated pouch . it can also withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity . at present the rechargeable aluminium battery generates about two volts of electricity , the highest achieved yet with aluminium . ' but the researchers said the battery has only half the voltage of lithium-ion ( stock image ) . ' you can bend it and fold it , so it has the potential for use in flexible electronic devices . aluminium is also a cheaper metal than lithium . ' at present the rechargeable aluminium battery generates about two volts of electricity , the highest achieved yet with aluminium . ' but the researchers explained the battery has a limited voltage , compared to existing technology . ' our battery produces about half the voltage of a typical lithium battery , ' professor dai said : ' but improving the cathode material could eventually increase the voltage and energy density . ' otherwise , our battery has everything else you 'd dream that a battery should have : inexpensive electrodes , good safety , high-speed charging , flexibility and long cycle life . i see this as a new battery in its early days . it 's quite exciting . '