cleared : 53-year-old graeme finlay , a former naval serviceman . a cruise ship passenger was yesterday cleared of beating up two elderly holidaymakers in a row over rudeness at the dinner table . graeme finlay , 53 , went on trial after retired engineer ron phillips , 70 , and his wife june , 69 , were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the thomson celebration luxury liner . after being cleared finlay , an ex-naval serviceman from glasgow , said : ' it 's been hell . it 's put me off boats forever . ' the frail couple accused finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead and his wife with two fractured vertebrae . but the 16-stone gas worker insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by mr phillips wielding his crutch and denied attacking his wife . the jury at teesside crown court took less than an hour to return unanimous not guilty verdicts to charges of unlawful wounding and inflicting grievous bodily harm . he told how he had put on five-stone by comfort eating since his arrest more than a year ago , and added : ' i 'm really delighted with the verdicts and very , very relieved . ' he said : ' it 's been very stressful for the last year and a half . i go to church and i 'm on the golf club committee , and it 's been awful seeing my face in the news . ' i 'm very sorry about everything that happened that night , i really am , but i told the truth in the court and i 'm thankful that the jury believed me . ' in his evidence , the defendant recalled how he was travelling alone on the canary islands cruise in january last year and felt shunned when he joined two couples – including mr and mrs phillips – for dinner in the restaurant . after looking at the menu there was an ' awkward ' silence and he moved to another table with a couple he had previously met . both finlay and the elderly couple spent the evening drinking separately and enjoying the musical entertainment . according to finlay they later found themselves in a lift together and he rebuked the couple for their rudeness towards him at dinner . finlay claimed mr phillips threw a cup of hot chocolate at him , swore and struck him with his crutch . he told the court : ' i felt myself being struck by something sharp and i put my arms over my face to defend myself , i covered my face with my arms , i did n't want my eye poked out . ' innocent : the jury at teesside crown court took less than an hour to return unanimous not guilty verdicts to charges of unlawful wounding and inflicting grievous bodily harm . cruise : finlay went on trial after retired engineer ron phillips , 70 , and his wife june , 69 , were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the thomson celebration luxury liner ( file photo ) . he described to the court how he swung his arms outwards from his face and felt them connect with mr phillips . the ' victims ' insisted they had not argued with finlay or ignored him at dinner and were subjected to a vicious assault as they headed to bed following a relaxing evening . mrs phillips briefly lost consciousness when she fell against a wall . in her evidence , she said : ' i saw ron lying on the bulkhead and this great big guy going boof , boof , boof ( she swung a punching motion ) . ' he must have hit him five times . i put my hand on his arm and told him ' leave him alone you will kill him . ' finlay was later forced to leave the ship and make his own way home . he was interviewed by police and charged .