virtual reality headsets could help to tackle air sickness and jet lag during flights , according to a team of british engineers . a new device , called the flow vr , provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft . this can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person 's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear , which can lead to travel sickness . the system , designed by in-flight entertainment company flow ife , can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination that replicate the time of day to help them acclimatise to their new time zone . airline qantas is the first to introduce virtual reality headsets to its passengers ( above ) to keep them entertained during long flights but the devices could also help combat problems like air sickness and jet lag . leon codrington , general manager for product development at in-flight entertainment company flow ife , which has created the device , told the times : ' the worst thing for bringing on motion sickness is a disconnect between what the eyes are seeing and what the body is feeling . self-driving cars may be a way to take your eyes off the road and relax a little , but they can also increase travel sickness , research has found . the research was carried out by michael sivak and brandon schoettle from the university of michigan transportation research institute . they asked more than 3,200 adults across the us , india , china , japan , great britain and australia what kinds of activities they would do instead of driving in a fully self-driving vehicle . more than a third of americans said they would do things that increase the likelihood and severity of motion sickness , including reading , texting , watching movies or television , playing games or working . more than half of indians , 40 per cent of chinese and up to 30 per cent of adults in japan , great britain and australia said they would also engage in these kinds of activities . the figures suggest that once autonomous vehicles become more mainstream as many as 12 per cent of people will feel ill in the vehicles at some point during a journey . ' if you 're sat still , looking at a seat in front that is n't moving , yet you can feel the aircraft weaving all over the skies , that can make you feel ill very quickly . ' what our system does is eliminate that disconnect by showing you a horizon that moves up and down as the aircraft does . ' the company showcased a prototype of its device at the aircraft international expo in hamburg last week . the device uses accelerometers to detect the movement of the aircraft and displays a horizon that moves with it inside . the display can also provide passengers with a way of exploring their destination with three dimensional content . notifications from the crew can also be displayed on the screen to help keep passengers informed while they can also be used to watch movies or play games . the headsets are expected to cost between £300 and £500 each . virtual reality headsets , however , are already starting to be introduced as part of in-flight entertainment systems on aircraft . qantas became the first airline to offer viritual realilty headsets to first class passengers earlier this year . for years virtual reality headsets have had their own motion sickness problem as the graphics often failed to keep pace with the users movements . the graphic above shows how the virtual reality goggles would help to relieve the symptoms of travel sickness . the vr headsets would use accelerometres to detect the movement of the aircraft so it can be displayed on the screen , helping to reduce the mismatch between the eyes and inner ear that can lead to travel sickness . however , new devices have started to overcome this by using faster graphics and screen refresh rates . recent research by purdue university also found that inserting an image of a virtual human nose into an virtual reality image could also help reduce nauseousness . mr codrington told mail online that their device could distinguish from movements of the wearers head and the aircraft by using motion sensors that are connected to the seat or from a wireless signal from the aircraft . he said they also hoped to begin talks with a company that makes external cameras to produce a 360 degree live view outside of the aircraft for passengers .