the great dying , which struck the earth 252 million years ago , wiped out more than 96 per cent of the world 's creatures . and while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event , research has found the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic . in particular , they claim the volcanic eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide which were absorbed into the oceans and changed their chemical compositions . the great dying , which struck the earth 252 million years ago , wiped out more than 96 % of the world 's creatures . and while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event , research has found the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic . the study , led by the university of edinburgh , is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame . and the researchers said that the amount of carbon added to the atmosphere to trigger the mass extinction was ' probably greater than today 's fossil fuel reserves ' . the great dying , also known as the permian-triassic boundary extinction , took place over a 60,000-year period , and acidification of the oceans lasted for around 10,000 years . at this time , a single supercontinent called pangaea covered the earth . this huge landmass created extremely arid conditions and by the late permian , temperatures were at an all time high . these extreme temperatures already threatened many land and marine species , but this was made worse when large volcanic eruptions began to take place . huge volumes of viscous basalt lava covered an area roughly seven times the size of france , explained the natural history museum , and sulphur dioxide from these eruptions caused vinegar-like acid rain to cover the earth . during the great dying , a supercontinent called pangaea covered the earth . this landmass ( illustrated ) created hot and dry conditions . the great dying , also known as the permian-triassic boundary extinction , took place 252 million years ago . at this time , a single supercontinent called pangaea covered the earth . this huge landmass created extremely hot and dry conditions , and by the late permian , temperatures were at an all time high . these extreme temperatures already threatened many land and marine species , but this was made worse when large volcanic eruptions began to take place . huge volumes of viscous basalt lava covered an area roughly seven times the size of france , explained the natural history museum , and sulphur dioxide from these eruptions caused vinegar-like acid rain to cover the earth . as carbon dioxide was released into the atmosphere , global temperatures soared and this caused oceans to get hotter . this also caused a lack of oxygen in the world 's waters , killing off marine life and destroying food chains . but it was the acidification of the oceans that was the driving force behind the deadliest phase of the extinction , which dealt a final blow to an already unstable ecosystem , the scottish researchers said . researchers believe this acidification lasted for around 10,000 years . as carbon dioxide was released into the atmosphere , global temperatures soared and this caused oceans to get hotter . this also caused a lack of oxygen in the world 's waters , killing off marine life and destroying food chains . but it was the acidification of the oceans that was the driving force behind the deadliest phase of the extinction , which dealt a final blow to an already unstable ecosystem , the scottish researchers said . oceans can absorb some carbon dioxide , but the large volume released - at such a fast rate - changed their chemistry . to make these conclusions , a team led by dr matthew clarkson and professor rachel wood analysed rocks in the united arab emirates ( pictured ) - which were on the ocean floor at the time of the extinction . from this they developed a climate model because the rocks preserve a detailed record of changing oceanic conditions . similar analysis in italy found evidence of vinegar-like acid rain caused by the sulphur dioxide in 250 million-year-old rocks . the rocks were found to contain vanillin ( shown ) which is usually broken down by bacteria . this proved acid in the rocks protected the vanillin , as its low ph deactivated the destructive enzymes . to make these conclusions , a team led by dr matthew clarkson and professor rachel wood analysed rocks in the united arab emirates - which were on the ocean floor at the time - to develop a climate model to work out what drove the extinction . a huge impact event has been suggested as a possible cause of the mass extinction , based on the examination of grains of ' shocked quartz ' and meteorite fragments in antarctica , but no impact site has been found . one of the attractions of the theory is that it could have triggered other causes such as the siberian traps eruptions . widespread ocean anoxia - a severe deficiency of oxygen - has also been blamed for the event in the late permian to the early triassic . the spread of toxic , oxygen-depleted water would have been devastating for marine life , producing widespread die-offs . models of ocean chemistry show that anoxia and euxinia - the presence of hydrogen sulphide - would have been closely associated with high levels of carbon dioxide , which suggests a combination of gases acted as a killing mechanism . the rocks preserve a detailed record of changing oceanic conditions at the time . ' scientists have long suspected that an ocean acidification event occurred during the greatest mass extinction of all time , but direct evidence has been lacking until now , ' said dr clarkson from the university of edinburgh 's school of geosciences . ' this is a worrying finding , considering that we can already see an increase in ocean acidity today that is the result of human carbon emissions . ' the study is published in the journal science and was carried out in collaboration with the university of bremen , university of exeter and the universities of graz , leeds , and cambridge . and the findings are now helping scientists understand the threat posed to marine life by modern-day ocean acidification . dr clarkson 's research follows similar analysis in italy earlier this year by geologists from imperial college london ( icl ) . they discovered evidence of vinegar-like acid rain caused by the sulphur dioxide in 250 million-year-old rocks from italy 's vigo meano region . ' for the first time , we can say that soils from this time had an acidity similar to that of vinegar , ' mark sephton from icl said . the vigo meano rocks contained vanillin - the substance that gives vanilla its distinct taste and flavour - and this was a surprise because vanillin is typically broken down by bacteria . in an attempt to explain how vanillin could exist in the rocks for so long , the researchers turned to the dairy industry , which sometimes uses vanilla in milk . scientists recently used satellite data to map the alkalinity of the world 's oceans for the first time . the image above shows the average level of alkalinity over the past five years with blue marking water that is more acidic . by using satellite data , scientists can obtain live information as the ocean changes . acidifying the milk protects vanillin as the low ph deactivates the enzymes that would break it down . the same can be said for vanillin in ancient rock . ' our data fits the idea that acid rain caused the microbes to cease functioning , ' said henk visscher , a palaeoecologist at utrecht university in the netherlands . the findings follow a similar study in 2013 by us scientists who simulated the great dying . the mit researchers found that sulphur emissions from massive volcano eruptions were significant enough to create extremely acidic rain , which would have affected plant growth . they believe such acidity may have been sufficient to disfigure plants and stunt their growth , contributing to their ultimate extinction . after the eruptions ended , the researchers found believe ph levels in rain bounced back , becoming less acidic within one year . meteor impacts contributed to wiping out species during mass extinction events on earth . ordovician-silurian mass extinction - 443.4 million years ago . this was the third largest extinction in earth 's history , and had two peaks of dying separated by hundreds of thousands of years . around 26 per cent of all marine families were wiped out and 60 per cent of all genera - an estimated 82 to 88 per cent of all species . late devonian mass extinction - 375-359 million years ago . three quarters of all species on earth died out in the late devonian mass extinction , although it may have been a series of extinctions over several million years . around 22 per cent of all marine families , and 57 per cent of all genera were wiped out - an estimated 79 to 87 per cent of all species . permian mass extinction - 252 million years ago . the permian mass extinction has been nicknamed the great dying , since an incredible 96 per cent of species died out . all life on earth today is descended from the 4 per cent of species that survived . triassic-jurassic mass extinction - 201 million years ago . there were two or three phases of extinction that made up the triassic-jurassic mass extinction event . 22 per cent of all marine families and 53 per cent of all genera - an estimated 76-84 per cent of all species . cretaceous-tertiary mass extinction - 66 million years ago . the cretaceous-tertiary mass extinction was the event that wiped out the dinosaurs . however , many other organisms perished including 16 per cent of all marine families and 47 per cent of all genera - an estimated 71-81 per cent of all species .