military officials in kazakhstan have introduced a miss army competition in the hope of encouraging more recruits . the kazakhstani ministry of defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online where viewers can vote for their favourites . the pictures show the women in three set poses – in military uniform , with weapons and in civilian clothing – and they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times . frontline femme fatale : abildaeva aigul isahanovna is among 123 of kazakhstan 's ' prettiest soldiers ' who have been put forward by the military for its miss army competition in the hope of encouraging more recruits . in the ( fashion ) line of fire : the kazakhstani ministry of defence has posted their photos online – including this one of uzbehanova marjane abilovna – so viewers can vote for their favourites . deskbound diva : the pictures show the women in three set poses – in military uniform , with weapons and in civilian clothing – and they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times by voters . prone to male advances : a military spokesman said the competition was also open to voters not only from kazakhstan but also neighbouring countries krygystan , azerbaijan and russia . a spokesman for the mod said : ' voting began this week and the competition is open until the 10th of may . ' we 've been flooded with views and the clear favourite at the moment is sergeant aigerim karakuchukova who is in the lead with over 1,100 votes . ' there is still a long way to go though and anyone could win . ' the spokesman revealed that the competition was also open to voters not only from kazakhstan but also neighbouring countries krygystan , azerbaijan and russia . do n't miss out : voting began this week and the miss army competition will be open until may 10 . favourite : sergeant aigerim karakuchukova is the front-runner so far with more than 1,100 votes . military models : soldiers meyramova sulushash adilhanova ( left ) and dzhanabaeva zarina sabitzhanovna ( right ) also feature in the competition . voter nicephorus bocharov said there were ' certainly some fine looking women in there ' but he was n't convinced it would make him sign up and fight . aiguilles vitaly is seen here in her competition photograph . a military spokesman said the winner will receive a cash prize and the knowledge of knowing she is the most beautiful woman soldier in kazakhstan . faces of the frontline : one voter , emil efremov , 32 , believes the competition would also do much to improve the image of kazakhstan after it was lampooned by sacha baron cohen 's comedy persona borat . voter nicephorus bocharov , 34 , said : ' there are certainly some fine looking women in there , although i 'm not sure it would make me want to sign up and fight . ' another fan , emil efremov , 32 , believes the competition would also do much to improve the image of kazakhstan after it was lampooned by sacha baron cohen 's comedy persona borat . he said : ' i think this is a very good idea . ' after the world was introduced to borat , people have the impression that everyone here lives on a farm and sleeps with donkeys . pr offensive : military chiefs hope the competition will attract hundreds of young men to join up . emil efremov , 32 , said of the competition : ' i think this is a very good idea . after the world was introduced to borat , people have the impression that everyone here lives on a farm and sleeps with donkeys ' . soldiers amanzholova madina amanzholovna ( left ) and lunara baimukhametova ( right ) . ' these photos show that kazakh women are as beautiful as any others . i have voted for all of them . ' the mod spokesman said : ' the winner will receive a cash prize and have the knowledge of knowing she is the most beautiful woman soldier in kazakhstan . ' and hopefully , she 'll have the pleasure of knowing she attracted hundreds of young men to join up . ' emil efremov said : ' these photos show kazakh women are as beautiful as any others . i voted for them all ' . an mod spokesman said : ' the winner will receive a cash prize and have the knowledge of knowing she is the most beautiful woman soldier in kazakhstan ' .