a former playboy model is facing common assault charges for allegedly punching a young woman in a queensland pub , despite the victim withdrawing her complaint . the model , georgina gosden , allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at townsville 's mad cow tavern in on december 7 last year . she carried out a similar attack on a 25-year-old woman in the same nightclub last april . police are pursuing the charges against ms gosden , despite her most recent victim withdrawing the charges . scroll down for video . former playboy model georgina gosden , 25 , is facing charges for punching two women in the face at a pub . both incidences took place at towsnville 's mad cow tavern in north queensland . the townsville magistrates court heard gosden was already at the mad cow pub when the younger woman walked in about 10.40pm . when she went to order a drink , gosden allegedly got up from her seat , ran to the woman and punched her in the face . court documents say the woman was known to gosden , who told police ' she was going to find her [ the victim ] ' . the model is said to have carried out a similar attack on a 25-year-old woman in the same nightclub last april . it is alleged gosden punched both woman in the face at the mad cow tavern . ms gosden has appeared in townsville magistrates court to defend charges of common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue . at the time of the incident , the playboy model was already on bail , charged with assault occasioning bodily harm after she assaulted an old school friend at the same pub in april last year . the first victim said at the time that the model had come out of nowhere and punched her in the face . ' i walked inside the nightclub , i turned to my right and had only taken about three steps and was looking around . then i saw someone in a long green fluorescent skirt coming ­towards me quickly from my left , ' the victim told police , according to the bulletin . that charge was later dismissed and replaced with a drunk and disorderly charge . magistrate cathy wadley agreed to let gosden out on bail , despite police prosecutor erica forde advising against because of fears the model would re-offend . ms gosden 's solicitor , callum argaet , said police had advised they would be proceeding with the most recent common assault charge , despite his firm applying for the charge to be dropped , the courier mail reported . gosden signed with playboy last year and described herself as a ' tomboy ' in high school in a video on its youtube channel . april 's incident allegedly involved her punching another woman several times in the face . in a video on the playboy youtube channel , gosden said she was a horse riding instructor who grew up in townsville and was born in england . she described herself as ' outgoing ' and a 'fun-type of girl ' . ' i teach young kids to ride horses . it’s very rewarding . i’ve been riding since i was 9 , i try to ride horses every day , ' gosden said . the model was granted bail by the magistrate but police prosecutors feared she would re-offend . gosden said she was a horse riding instructor who was not ' very girly ' when she was in high school . despite her budding career as a glamour model , gosden confessed she was not ' very girly ' when she was younger . ' the type of girl i was in high school , i was definitely a tomboy . i wore baggy shirts and board shorts , ' she said . ' i was n't very girly until a lot later on when i started to get those curves in all the right places . ' georgina gosden has pleaded not guilty to the common assault charges . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .