a young woman says she lives on almost nothing but rice krispies – and insists she is still healthier than most people . natalie swindells , 26 , eats four bowls of the cereal every day . she can’t face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades . the bank worker , who says she has never taken a day off sick , stopped eating most other foods from the age of two . she now believes overeating causes more health problems than having a very restricted diet like her own . in a typical day , miss swindells will have two bowls of rice krispies with milk for breakfast , followed by a slice of bread and butter for lunch , and two bowls of rice krispies again for dinner . ‘ i think doctors overestimate the amount of vitamins that we need to be healthy , ’ she said . ‘ i think it is about how much you eat , not what you’re eating . ’ in a typical day , miss swindells will have two bowls of rice krispies with milk for breakfast , followed by a slice of bread and butter for lunch , and two bowls of rice krispies again for dinner . consultant dietician sian porter said : ‘ it might not sound like it but natalie is actually getting a pretty balanced diet . she will also occasionally eat milk chocolate , ready salted crisps and chips . although she consumes fewer than half of the recommended 2,000 calories for women miss swindells still has an active lifestyle . she lives in macclesfield with her boyfriend daniel walsh , 26 , who she says has grown accustomed to her strange eating habits . ‘he’s pretty cool with it , ’ she said . ‘ when we first got together he tried to make me eat different things but it didn’t last very long . it was just pointless . everything he made me try i didn’t like . ’ in fact , the last time she tasted a vegetable was 18 years ago , when her mother tried to make her eat a roast dinner – and failed . consultant dietician sian porter said : ‘ it might not sound like it but natalie is actually getting a pretty balanced diet . she’s getting protein and calcium from the milk and of course rice krispies are fortified with lots of vitamins and iron so this could explain why she’s stayed so healthy . ’ but nutritionist dr carina norris warned : ‘ her diet is lacking massively in minerals and vitamins . it is miles from any dietary recommendation . ’ ÷ each kellogg’s rice krispie is made from a single grain of rice that is toasted . ÷ the breakfast cereal has added sugar , salt and barley malt flavouring , as well as added vitamins and minerals . ÷ a small , 30g serving of rice krispies contains 115 calories of energy ( 6 per cent of the recommended daily allowance ) , 0.3g of fat ( less than one per cent of the rdi ) , 26g carbohydrates ( 3g of which is sugars ) 0.3g fibre and 1.8g protein . ÷ rice krispies arrived in british shops in november 1928 . ÷ the brand’s famous snap , crackle and pop elf characters first appeared on cereal boxes in 1941 . ÷ jonathan ross made his television debut in an advert for the cereal aged ten in 1970 . ÷ in 1963 , the rolling stones recorded a song for a tv ad for the cereal . 