a teenage girl who suffered horrific injuries after being dragged behind a car and left for dead in a gutter has broken her silence . on september 7 , 2014 , samantha giufre , 19 , spent months in hospital after being towed behind a vehicle along a suburban street in casula , south-west of sydney , before she was abandoned . so far one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident , but police are searching for others they believe were involved . scroll down for video . samantha giufre , 19 , suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face , along with bleeding on her brain on september 7 , 2014 after being dragged along the street behind a car . cctv footage released by police shows the moment she was towed behind the car before being found in a gutter on myall road in casula , south west of sydney on september 7 . ' i just felt destroyed , not like myself , ' she told 9news , adding that one of the hardest things she 's had to come to terms with is how she now looks . ' i 'm blind in one eye now , i have limited vision in the other eye , i have hearing loss in one of my ears , one side of my nose i ca n't smell out of , ' ms giufre revealed . the young woman 's parents have been by her side since the horrible day , and say her life has been consumed by her recovery for the last six months . ' she 's continually at the doctors , having surgeries , her whole life is just consumed with what 's happened to her , ' ms giufre 's mother karen said . ms giufre told 9news her life has been ' destroyed ' by the violent attack which has left her with permanent disabilities . her parents karen ( left ) and frank ( right ) said their daughter 's life is now ' consumed ' by what happened . one of ms giufre 's alleged attackers , 18-year-old basher hawchar , was supposed to front court on wednesday but instead sent legal representation . ' i look at sam and i think that she 's been held prisoner , and someone 's thrown the key away , and we 're just trying to find that key for her , ' her father frank revealed . on wednesday ms guifre fronted court with the hopes of confronting one of her alleged attackers , 18-year-old basher hawchar . however he instead sent legal representation , dealing the victim of the senseless crime another blow . on his behalf , hawchar 's lawyer plead not guilty to four charges , including dangerous driving occasioning grievous bodily harm . ' he needs to know how it feels , you know , how i feel , ' ms guifre told 9news . the young woman has urged anyone else who was in the car to come forward . last october when ms giufre was still in hospital , her parents spoke about their grave concerns that their daughter would have to learn to walk , talk and eat again . ms giufre was rushed to liverpool hospital in september where she spent time in intensive care after suffering multiple fractures to her skull and face , along with bleeding on her brain . ' we do n't know whether she 'll talk , whether she 'll see . we do n't know how she will end up , knowing that someone has taken that away from her . she 's a good kid , she did n't deserve this , ' her mother karen said at the time . ' the image of samantha when we saw of her in the hospital… i just want to see her like she was originally . she does n't look like that any more . ' doctors believed early on that samantha may have sustained permanent brain damage and could be blind in one eye following the incident . footage of the incident , captured by a property 's cctv camera , shows a silver sedan driving down the street as ms giufre is dragged near the rear door of the vehicle . her father frank said the family were celebrating father 's day when samantha decided to go meet up with friends at casula . doctors believed early on that samantha had sustained permanent brain damage and may be left blind in one eye following the incident . her cousin gave her a lift about 5pm and by 6.30pm the family were told samantha was in the emergency department . ' it 's devastating . she had traumatic injuries and god knows what else was happening in her head , ' he said following the horrific incident . ' we 've been by her side 24 hours . i 've given up work to be by her side . ' the giufre family say their daughter was a ' good girl ' who had just finished a couple of courses through tafe . ' she did n't have enemies , ' mr giufre said . her parents pleaded for anyone who witnessed the incident to come forward as police try to track down the driver . cctv footage of the incident shows a silver sedan driving down the street as ms giufre is dragged near the rear door of the vehicle . just seconds after two people crossed the road with their dogs , the car entered a round about where the teenager is believed to have been found . police have described the incident as a ' cowardly and callous act ' and are not treating it as an abduction attempt . her parents , frank and karen giufre , pleaded for anyone who witnessed the incident to come forward as police try to track down the driver . mrs giufre said last year her daughter would have to learn to walk , talk and eat again . ' samantha was leaning in the rear passenger window… ( and ) subsequently fell out of the vehicle , ' liverpool crime manager dean johnston said . ' we 're dealing with real victims here ... this incident has left a young woman with serious injuries . ' due to samantha 's injuries , investigators have been unable to talk to her . she will have to learn to walk , talk and eat again . ' detectives from liverpool local area command formed strike force o'loughlin to investigate the incident . detectives from liverpool local area command formed strike force o'loughlin to investigate the incident .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .