loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general , becoming the first african-american woman to serve as the nation 's top law enforcement official . she said her confirmation as attorney general showed that ' we can do anything ' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country . ' we can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them , ' lynch said , an apparent reference to ongoing efforts to repair relations between police departments and minority communities . scroll down for video . vice president joe biden , accompanied by loretta lynch 's father lorenzo lynch , second from left , and her husband stephen hargrove , second from right , administered the oath of office on monday . ' we can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them , ' lynch said , apparently referring to race-riot clashes between protesters and police . ' it seems like such an understatement to say my heart is full , but it is , ' lynch said . ' i have to thank the president for his faith in me and asking me to lead the department that i love to even greater heights . ' vice president joe biden administered the oath of office to lynch at a justice department ceremony . lynch replaces eric holder , who left the job friday after six years as attorney general . the 55-year-old lynch was confirmed by the senate on thursday following a months-long delay in which her nomination became caught up in a dispute over human trafficking legislation . ' ladies and gentlemen , it 's about time , ' biden said to applause . ' it 's about time this woman is being sworn in , ' he declared . ' we got tired of this wait . ' ' but you showed such grace and such humility during this whole process , ' he added , turning to america 's newly minted top cop . lynch paid an emotional tribute to her family during a brief speech after she took her oath . ' if a little girl from north carolina who used to tell her grandfather in the fields to lift her up on the back of his mule so she could `` see way up high , granddaddy '' can grow up to become the chief law enforcement officer of the united states of america , we can do anything . ' she also outlined her hopes for the twilight months of the obama presidency , saying she was driven by ' the desire to leave this world a better place for us having been a part of it . ' ' the challenge in that – for you , for me , for all us that love this department and love the law – is to use the law to that end . to not just represent the law and to enforce the law , but to use it to make real the promise of america , the promise of fairness , the promise of equality , of liberty and justice for all . ' democrat senator chuck schumer , the senior senator from lynch 's home state of new york , gushed about her personal story on monday . ' she is the ultimate professional : thoughtful , hardworking , keeps her nose to the grindstone , and is able to bring both sides together , ' he said . ' on very difficult cases where police and community leaders were at loggerheads , she was able to bring both sides together and earn the trust and praise of both . ' biden slapped his former us senate colleagues , saying it was ' about time ' they confirmed lynch . eric holder , who left his attorney general post on friday , served in the job for more than six years . schumer called her ' the american dream come true ' and recalled that her mother picked cotton , ' so my daughter would n't have to . ' lynch , a former classmate of the future michelle obama , was previously the u.s. attorney for the eastern district of new york , which encompasses much of new york city . she is expected to serve as the top federal law enforcement official for the remainder of the obama administration . the outgonig attorney general , eric holder , said friday during an emotional farewell at the justice department that his time in office would be seen as a ' golden age ' in the department 's history . holder addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members , saying , ' i am proud of you . i 'm going to miss you . i am going to miss this building . i am going to miss this institution . ' ' more than anything , i am going to miss you all , ' holder told the standing-room-only crowd , many of whom embraced him after he concluded his speech . lynch was born in greensboro , north carolina and grew up near durham , the home of duke university . her brother leonzo lynch is the senior pastor at ebenezer baptist church in charlotte .