more than 250 million emergency calls are made each year but two thirds have inaccurate location information , resulting in an estimated 10,000 deaths . to make this process easier , developers in boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one-touch-911 app . users can call the police , fire service , report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a button - and it works even if you do n't have signal . developers in boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one-touch-911 app ( pictured ) . users can call the police , fire service , report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a single button - and it works even if the user does n't have signal . the app was designed by researchers at boston-based mit . each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers , and each call is placed with the phone 's gps location , user details and any pre-entered medical information attached . if the user does n't have signal on their network , the app lets them ' roam ' onto another network to connect the call . this is a feature built into most phones already . the app was designed by researchers at boston-based mit . each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers , and each call is placed with the phone 's gps location , user details and any pre-entered medical information attached . if the user does n't have signal on their network , the app lets them ' roam ' onto another network to connect the call . this is a feature built into most phones already . calls can also be routed through a wi-fi network . users can additionally send photos or videos , depending on the emergency dispatcher and the region . the app can be used in 135 countries , and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number in these regions . calls can also be routed through a wi-fi network . once connected , the caller does n't have to speak as the majority of the information is sent automatically . users can additionally send photos or videos , depending on the emergency dispatcher and the region . the app can be used in 135 countries , and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number in these regions . it also does n't require the user to speak the language of the country they are in , which is useful when on holiday . rapidsos will begin testing the software in texas next month and has launched a kickstarter campaign to launch the app globally . ' we spent two years working with over 100 dispatch centers globally to develop rapidsos one-touch-911 , ' said the firm . ' this award-winning technology is the most efficient and effective system for communicating during a life-threatening emergency , transmitting data from your phone directly to first responders in a matter of seconds . each call is placed with the phone 's gps location , user details and any pre-entered medical information attached ( shown ) . if the user does n't have signal on their network , the app lets them ' roam ' onto another network to connect the call . calls can also be routed through a wi-fi network . ' running off rapidsos’ emergency communications platform , one-touch-911 has the built in intelligence to manage any emergency you face : limited , intermittent , or no cell service ? unable to speak on the phone ? non-native english speaker ? no idea where you are ? unsure what precisely to report ? no problem . ' with the push of a button first responders are on their way . ' elsewhere , the app lets users simultaneously alert multiple friends and families of their emergency at the touch of a button . it additionally syncs with physical panic buttons that can be placed around a home , school or office for example , to connect with the app via bluetooth . pressing the button makes a call to a pre-determined service . the app can be used in 135 countries , and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number in these regions ( pictured ) . rapidsos will begin testing the software in texas next month and has launched a kickstarter campaign to launch the app globally . elsewhere , the app lets users simultaneously alert multiple friends and families of their emergency . it additionally syncs with physical panic buttons that can be placed around a home , school or office for example , to connect with the app via bluetooth . pressing the button makes a call to a pre-determined service . 