james webster , 35 , was spared jail after admitting outraging public decency . a voyeur who used a hidden camera to film up women 's skirts as they bent over freezers in lidl has been spared jail . james webster targeted female shoppers at the lidl store in maidenhead , berkshire , as they hunted for bargains in the large chest freezers . the 35-year-old was caught after attracting the attention of a fellow shopper , who spotted him moving the bag he was carrying closer to his unsuspecting victim . security guards discovered webster had cut a hole in the bag through which he placed the lens of a camera so he could carry out his covert filming . he admitted outraging public decency at a previous hearing and was warned that he could face prison . but webster walked free from court after magistrates sitting in slough , berkshire , ordered him to complete a sexual offences treatment programme , as part of a three year community order . opening the case , helen gambrill said : ' on january 12 the defendant was in lidl in maidenhead and outraged the public decency , namely filming up the skirts of women in that store . ' that offence came to light when a member of the public saw the defendant and thought he was acting in a strange way . ' the court heard the shopper spotted webster positioning his satchel , with a lens protruding out , under the skirt of a woman . webster , who at the time was living in shared accommodation in white waltham , near maidenhead , was confronted by security guards and tried to cover the lens before denying any wrong-doing . however , after seeing an appeal for witnesses to the crime in a local newspaper he turned himself in to police . webster immediately showed remorse , telling a police officer , ' i threw the camera away in frustration on the day i did this . ' he accepted that his actions had a sexual purpose but admitted he had no idea why he had carried out the crime . francis domingo , defending , said webster had been struggling to deal with a break-up at the time and was incredibly ashamed at his actions . ' from the moment i 've seen him , i can tell you this - mr webster has expressed nothing but sincere remorse over what took place , ' he said . webster , now of fengate , marsham , near norwich , had been smoking cannabis around the time of the incident , but was now clean , the court was told . webster had targeted women as the shopped at lidl in maidenhead , berkshire ( pictured ) . sentencing him , presiding magistrate mark lovett said : ' we note the early guilty plea and the fact that you were very upfront about it from the very beginning . ' you were remorseful for your actions . ' on the other hand , you did show obvious intention - you went equipped . this was hardly accidental . ' he added : ' the other point i have to make is that you 're not 18 , you 're 35 , for goodness sake . ' that kind of action from someone of your mature years is quite extraordinary . ' webster was handed a three year community order and was ordered to take part in a sexual offences treatment programme . he was also told to pay £85 in costs and a £60 fine . 