john sutton jr has spent the first saturday of may the same way since he was 8 years old - on the sidelines of the kentucky derby . to commemorate his dedication to horse racing , churchill downs - the track that hosts the race every year - is inviting the 84-year-old man to attend his 76th-straight kentucky derby as their special guest on may 2 . this week , sutton invited a reporter from wave 3 into the louisville home he shares with his wife of 61 years doris , where she spoke about his very first derby and showed off his impressive collection of racing memorabilia . scroll down for video . dedicated : churchill downs is inviting john sutton jr , 84 , to attend the kentucky derby as their special guest on may 2 , since he has attended every race for the past 76 years . winner , winner : sutton was just 8 years old in 1940 when his father brought him to his first race , and the two bet against the favorite on a horse called gallahadion , which ended up winning the race . among the masses : above , a view of the crowds at churchill downs on the day of the 1940 race . sutton says he was just 8 years old in 1940 when his blacksmith father brought him to his first kentucky derby . ' once the race started , we would crash the gates , so to speak to get on the rail or wherever we could get , ' sutton recalled . that year , sutton and his father decided to bet on the horse gallahadion , instead of the favorite , bimelech . and to their delight , gallahadion pulled through to an unexpected victory that helped cement sutton 's love for the sport . living history : sutton has collected a program from every kentucky derby he has attended and keeps them in a binder at home . above , some of the early years . through the years : the derby programs got more and more colorful over the years . keepsakes : in addition to programs , sutton has kentucky derby glasses stretching back more than seven decades . autographs : sutton got jockeys to sign several of his programs , which he proudly displays in frames at home . entry : above , some of the tickets sutton has collected from the kentucky derby since 1940 . an eye for champions : sutton won $ 600 dollars in 19567 , when he bet on the winning horse proud clarion . proud clarion and jockey bobby ussery pictured above after placing first at churchill downs . every year since then , sutton has attended the kentucky derby and has collected each year 's program since then , which he keeps in a binder at home . he also has kept a collection of his tickets , derby glasses from the more than seven decades he has attended the race as well as pins and and other programs signed by jockeys . in his early years attending the derby , sutton says the day involved a bit of hard work going around to each betting window to buy tickets for his parents , and picking them up snacks for the main event on the way back . but he continues to come back year after year , placing his bets by averaging the past performances of the horses competing . that method won him one of his biggest prizes in 1967 , when the then 35-year-old sutton placed his money on winning horse proud clarion and got $ 600 in return . ' there 's nothing like having a winning ticket , ' he said , ' you just all of a sudden get smarter you know . ' getting ready for the race : sutton ( left ) pictured above with his wife of 61 years , doris ( right ) .