ben hagon 's ( pictured ) high-powered mercedes sports car crashed into tara mcintyre leaving her with life-changing injuries . a driver destroyed a young woman 's life when he smashed into her car after taking a lethal cocktail of drink and prescription drugs has been jailed . tara mcintyre , 24 , was left virtually wheelchair-bound after ben hagon 's high-powered mercedes sports car crashed into her at up to 75mph , a court heard . she had just popped out to the shops in her small ka when she was hit by the drunk-driver and suffered the life-changing injuries which included a fractured spine and pelvis . the court heard that hagon , who already had a conviction for drink-driving in 2003 , had taken prescription tranquilisers and was more than twice the legal alcohol limit when got behind the wheel . judge david turner branded hagon 's driving ' madness ' - and accused him of changing miss mcintyre 's life for the worse for ever . sentencing him to two years and eight months in prison , judge turner said : ' miss mcintyre went on what ought to have been a simple shopping trip and has been left with injuries which are literally life changing . ' she will be dependent on others for help for the rest of her life . the medical consequences have been utterly traumatic . ' ' this personal catastrophe has been brought about fully by those moments of madness in your driving . ' i accept you feel considerable remorse . this is frankly as bad a piece of driving in combination one can imagine . ' hagon was overtaking a line of cars on the a131 at high garrett , near braintree , essex ( pictured ) when he ploughed into the side of miss mcintyre 's ford ka . chelmsford crown court heard that hagon was overtaking a line of cars on the a131 at high garrett , near braintree , essex , when he ploughed into the side of miss mcintyre 's ford ka as she waited to turn right . one eye-witness estimated he was hitting 75mph in the 40mph stretch of road in his 54-plate mercedes slk . but others said his speed was closer to 50-60mph before the horrifying smash at about 2.15pm on february 2 last year . police crash investigators found that hagon had made no attempt to brake . miss mcintyre was rushed to addenbrooke 's hospital , cambridge , by air ambulance suffering head injuries , a fractured spine and pelvis , and a cut to her artery . she spent the next three months in hospital , including some time in an induced coma , and a further two months in a special rehabilitation facility . miss mcintyre was rushed to addenbrooke 's hospital after the crash with terrible head injuries , a fractured spine and pelvis . the formerly independent young woman now needs help with basic day-to-day tasks and has been told she will spend most of her life in a wheelchair as she is only able to walk just 60 yards with a stick . she was also left partially sighted and had to learn to speak again after brain damage caused by the crash . miss mcintyre 's boyfriend , who was sitting beside her in the front seat , amazingly escaped with minor injuries , as did hagon . jane oldfield , prosecuting , said hagon had been banned for drink-driving in october 2003 . she also said miss mcintyre 's devastated parents were now having to move house as their home could not be adapted sufficiently to care for their seriously-disabled daughter . hagon , of halstead , essex , had been out drinking the night before and downed champagne , three pints of beer and a jug of cocktail , the court heard . a blood test calculated he had 161 milligrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of blood- double the legal limit . hagon admitted drink-driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving and was jailed for two years eight months at chelmsford crown court ( pictured ) . he had also swallowed prescription tranquillisers as part of treatment he 's having for anxiety . the court heard he had blatantly ignored advice not to drive while taking the powerful drugs after being warned that their effects would be worsened when combined with alcohol . rakesh sharma , defending , said hagon was now seeking help for alcohol addiction and did not intend to ever drive again . mr sharma said : ' he thinks about the victim every day and ca n't believe what he has done . ' hagon admitted drink-driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving and was jailed for two years and eight months . he was also banned from driving for five years . he will have take an extended re-test if he does want to drive again . no award was made for compensation or costs due to the prison term , but hagon must pay a victim surcharge .