nestled in some of the most beautiful corners of the world , are tiny settlements of people who have adapted to live around nature . from villages under boulders in portugal , to floating villages in peru , these dwellings are hidden away from the rest of the world . the secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas , but are each set in their own natural paradises . scroll down for video . bravest village ever ? the settlement of aogashima in the philippine sea , has 200 inhabitants who live in the middle of a volcanic crater . aogashima , philippine sea . perhaps the last place you would expect to find a living community would be inside a tropical volcanic island in the philippine sea . the last time the class-c volcano erupted was in the 1780s , and it proved fatal for half of the people living on the island . over fifty years later , the inhabitants who had escaped the island returned , and now there are 200 brave villagers living there . hidden behind a rock ! this tiny settlement is concealed from the greek coastline behind a giant rock on the island . monemvasia , greece . monemvasia is a little settlement concealed behind a huge rock face in laconia in greece . the island was separated from the mainland in 375 ad by an earthquake , although a small walkway has been created since for easy access to the mainland . inhabitants are hidden away from the rest of the world , with spectacular views of the palaia monemvasia bay . giant honeycomb ! the phugtal monastery in india is hidden on a cliff on the entrance to a cave in the zanskar region . phugtal monastery , india . the hidden cliff face village of phuktal or phugtal monastery is one of the most isolated monasteries in northern india . constructed from mud and timber , it is located at the entrance to a cave on a cliff face in the south-eastern zanskar region in ladakh district . looking like a giant honeycomb it was founded in the early 12th century , but remained a hidden treasure until the 1800s when alexander cosmo de koros visited the place , and stayed there for a year . the remote east greenland village of isortoq includes a supermarket , the large red building ( pictured front ) . isortoq , greenland . on 64 people reside on greenland 's isortoq village , which is set in the middle of miles of snow and ice . the inuit inhabitants used to be forced to survive on only meat , as the harsh landscape did n't allow for plants to be grown . they do have a red supermarket nowadays , which offers a variety of other produce . there is even ketchup and mayonnaise available for eating with seal . long way to the corner shop ! only 16 people live in this tiny village nestled high on the cliffs near the coast of the faroe islands . gásadalur village , denmark . the isolated village of gásadalur situated on the west side of vágar in the faroe islands . only 16 residents live in the peaceful settlement , with stunning views of tumbling cliffs overlooking the north atlantic 's gulf stream . a tunnel was built through the mountains in 2004 , but before that , a walk to the next village would have meant a strenuous hike or horseback ride over the 400m high mountain . nestled in one of the driest locations on earth , is huacachina ; a town complete with trees , hotels , shops and even an oasis library - tranquil ! huacachina , peru . in the midst of one of the driest climates in the world is an oasis town with lush palm trees , flourishing foliage , and a tranquil lagoon which is said to have curative properties . the magical town is called huacachina , and it can be found not only on adventurers ' bucket lists , but also in a barren desert in peru . visitors can visit the surreal settlement and the 96 residents who thrive on running small businesses on their greatest resource ; sand . the incredible cliff of bandiagara in mali is an impressive series of clay structures , which are home to the dogon people . the cliff of bandiagara , mali . it looks like a model village created by clay , but it is actually a real village in west-africa , home to the dogon people . the cliff of bandiagara is zone of tablelands , gorges and plains which has been constructed out of red-coloured clay . the series of fascinating clay chambers consists of houses , granaries , altars , sanctuaries and , or communal meeting-places , which look perfect for exploring . fairytale village ! undredal is hidden in a narrow valleyin the aurlandsfjord in norway , and looks like something out of disney movie . undredal , norway . the small village of undredal is home to approximately 100 people and 500 goats , and is a popular tourist destination along the aurlandsfjorden . undredal is famous for the brown goat cheese , and even produces goat sausages . before 1988 , undredal was only accessible by boat , but now a road connection has been made by constructing two tunnels as part of the european route e16 . a village in a fjord ! furore in italy is a brightly coloured settlement tucked away in the mouth of the fjord . furore , italy . tucked away in a fjord is a quaint italian village , completed with brightly coloured houses decorated with murals . furore can be discovered in the campania region of south-western italy , although it used to be practically hidden from travellers . following furore being dubbed ' the village that does n't exist , ' the mayor decided it was time for action , and sought to put the minuscule commune on the map . he ordered that the tiny buildings should be painted in vibrant colours so the picturesque village could be viewed from the coastal road . green haven ! sapa is one of the most beautiful places in earth , and is home to villagers who farm the rice fields and sell trinkets to visitors . sapa , vietnam . cascading vibrant green rice fields line the hills in the sapa region of north vietnam . hill-tribe people fill the mountains with colour , and open their homes to tourists who flock to take in the incredible views across the region . visitors can trek through the hills and buy colourful trinkets from the tribes people , who accompany them on the walk to help . giant mole hills ? an entire population of over a thousand residents live underground in dugouts at coober pedy in northern south australia . there is even an underground chapel ( left ) and houses that come with lounges , ( right ) kitchens and dining rooms . coober pedy , australia . from first glance you would think that coober pedy in northern south australia , is a series of giant mole hills . it is , in fact , a town concealed underground in dugouts which were built to withstand the blazing daytime heat . according to the 2011 census , its population was 1,695 ( 953 males , 742 females ) , who live in the area to mine the precious opals that lie there . gorge-ous views ! tiny hilltop village , rougon , boasts panoramic views of the surrounding verdon gorge in the south of france . rougon , france . after winding your way through the picturesque mountain views in alpes-de-haute-provence in france , you will stumble on a preserved , peaceful village called rougon . sitting under a large rocky outcrop , the hidden village is perfectly situated for panoramic views of the verdon gorge . visitors can explore the saint christophe chapel , the huguenote church , the remains of its feudal castle and enjoy the local fair occurring in the last sunday in june . if you are feeling adventurous , guests can camp at the village all year round . the havasupai tribe are the smallest indian nation in america , with just over 600 village inhabitants . it is so remote that mail is delivered by mule . supai , arizona . millions travel to witness the spectacular grand canyon every year , but few know that this arizona landscape is home to a secret tribe , hidden away in its depths . more than 600 people are part of the havasupai tribe , which is the smallest indian nation in america . visitors can reach the mysterious tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule , and experience life in the village of supai , which has a cafe , general stores , a lodge , post office , school , lds chapel , and a small christian church . the most remote location in the world : tristan da cunha is situated over a thousand miles from the nearest land and has 300 residents . tristan da cunha , saint helena . taking the prize for the most remote village is tristan da cunha , which is only accessible by a six-day boat journey from south africa or as part of epic month-long cruises through the south atlantic ocean . the inhabited archipelago stands 1,243 miles from saint helena , 1,491 miles from south africa and 2,088 miles from south america in the middle of ocean . it 's just seven miles long and 37.8 square miles in area , and has but one settlement at the foot of the 6,765-foot queen mary 's peak , with 300 residents all of whom farm for a living . floating village ! the uros live on islands made by interwoven reeds which sit in lake titicaca puno . the tribe have been living on the lake for hundreds of years , since incas expanded onto their land forcing them out . uros floating islands , lake titicaca puno , peru and bolivia . secluded from the world are the uros islands in lake titicaca puno which sits on the border of peru and bolivia . the pre-incan uru tribe live on forty-two floating islands that are made out of totora reeds . reeds must be constantly added to the islands , as the bottom rots away in the water . the uros also use these reeds for a big part of their diets , and consume the white bottom of the reeds as they are pulled from the bottom of the islands . the village under a rock ! monsanto in portugal has built its homes around the 200-tonne rocks in the area . some of its 828 brave residents even sleep under gigantic boulders . monsanto , portugal . residing under a roof that weighs more than the average cruise ship may make some people anxious . residents in the portuguese village of monsanto , have adapted their homes around the gigantic granite boulders . in the mountaintop village , homes are sandwiched between , under and even in the 200-tonne rocks .   