petrol heads suffering top gear withdrawals will be pleased to know the car show-sized hole in their lives will soon be filled by the return of for the love of cars for a second series . the channel 4 programme , hosted by actor philip glenister and car designer ant anstead , celebrates the duo 's love affair with classic cars . and each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles , as the pair give old-bangers a new lease of life by restoring them to their former glory . actor philip glenister and car designer ant anstead return to present a new series of for the love of cars . a teaser from the first episode shows glenister – perhaps most recognisable behind the wheel of a red audi quattro while playing gene hunt in ashes to ashes – test driving an aston martin vantage . revving the engine before taking off at speed around a winding country road , glenister appears to wipe the colour from anstead 's face before stating : ' this is bond . ' the second series also sees the pair broaden their horizon by working on a number of foreign-manufactured cars as opposed to just primarily british ones . additionally , they work on more than one vehicle per episode and complete stalled restoration projects , instead of just finding dilapidated cars to fix . the finished products are then auctioned off at the end of every programme , and anstead admits that the quality of the restorations make it hard for the owners to let go . he said : ‘ you have to remember , these cars have a special place in the hearts of these people , for various different reasons . glenister and anstead speed around a bend as they test drive a classic aston martin vantage . ‘ for somebody to let go of something that important to them is hard enough , but when they see the results at the end of the restoration , it’s really tough . ‘ these are jobs that they’ve not been able to finish themselves . ’ the cars featured in the series include a quintessentially british aston martin dbs , which was brought back to life after been recovered from a barn in oxfordshire . for the love of cars series two is branching out beyond just british vehicle makeovers . and a rover sd1 police car – the classic panda car of the early 1980s – which features in a race conducted by the show’s presenters , to find out what side of the law had a speed advantage . the pair also restore two of the most iconic cars to ever come out of europe – a run-down fiat 500 and a vw beetle . the first episode of for the love of cars will broadcast on channel 4 on sunday , april 19 at 8pm .