a spanish hospital claims it has performed the ' world 's most complex ' face transplant , allowing a man terribly disfigured by a disease to lead a normal life . doctors said the 27-hour procedure – to reconstruct the man 's entire lower face and neck – is the most difficult surgery they have carried out to date . a spokesperson for the vall d'hebron hospital in barcelona , where the surgery was performed , said a team of 45 doctors , surgeons , nurses and anaesthesiologists took part in the operation in february . scroll down for video . the 45-year-old man , who did not want to be identified , underwent the ' world 's most complex ' face transplant to reconstruct his neck , mouth , tongue and throat . the x-rays show the man before and after the surgery . other specialists from the hospital 's plastic surgery and liver transplant departments were also brought in to advise on the procedure , details of which have only just been released . the patient , a 45-year-old man , did not want to be identified . unlike similar operations , where a patient has had features of their face replaced , or rebuilt , the latest procedure was much more invasive . the man had suffered a condition called arteriovenous malformation for the past 20 years . this is a tangle of blood vessels in the brain which diverts blood from the arteries to the veins , bypassing normal brain tissue . in this man 's case , it caused facial deformities and problems with his vision and speech . as a result , most of the man 's face lower face was been reconstructed , including his neck , mouth , tongue and the back of his throat . and all the skin and muscles of his face , nose , lips , jaw , all teeth , palate and cheek bones were transplanted by using plastic surgery techniques and microsurgery . there was , however , a risk of severe bleeding that put his life in danger . the man had been examined in several other hospitals , including the mayo clinic and harvard medical school , which had considered him to be inoperable . doctors at the vall d'hebron hospital in barcelona , who carried out the procedure , say it was the world 's most complex to date . the operation took a team of 45 medical staff 27 hours to complete . but the vall d'hebron hospital ruled surgery was his only treatment option - and this week reveled the good news that the man is now living a normal life . the hospital released a statement saying : ' this is the first time that a transplant of this complexity has been performed in the world . ' ' the patient evolution after the surgery was successful , similar to any transplant patient at the hospital . ' now he is already at home and only comes to the hospital for routine check-ups . ' in 2010 the same hospital carried out the world 's first full face transplant on a man who suffered an accident leaving him without a nose and with a deformed jaw and cheekbones . the first ever partial facial transplant was carried out by doctors in france in 2005 , on a woman who had been mauled by her dog .  