the dawn spacecraft has captured amazing new images of the mystery bright spots on the dwarf planet ceres , which continue to baffle scientists . in particular , the images show the brightest spot and its companion standing out against the darker surroundings . but experts are still at a loss to explain the composition and source of the bright spots . scroll down for video . nasa scientists in california have revealed new images of the dwarf planet ceres . they reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater ( shown ) . however , scientists are still not able to explain what they are . dawn will begin its first science orbit around ceres on 23 april . these latest images were taken on 14 and 15 april from a distance of 14,000 miles ( 22,000km ) from the north pole of ceres . several theories are currently being touted for what these mysterious bright white spots are on ceres . the hubble space telescope has found more than 10 on the surface , but ceres has found that the two most prominent - ‘ spot 5’ - are in a crater about 57 miles ( 92km ) wide . one theory is that they are salt flats that are reflecting sunlight , left on the surface by saltwater . another theory is that they are regions of ice , again reflecting sunlight . ceres is thought to have plenty of ice beneath its surface , which could be exposed when a asteroid or comet strikes the surface . the fact these bright spots are in a crater - where such an impact occurred - supports this theory . another possibility is that they are cryovolcanoes - volcanoes that are shooting out water or ice . however , the lack of a raised area around the spots consistent with a volcano suggests this might not be correct . and they could even be water vapour ejecting from a liquid reservoir under the ground , although again current observations - namely a lack of additional material near the spots - suggests this is not the case . as the spacecraft gets closer to the dwarf planet and moves around it , more and more of the surface is coming into view . the two brightest spots seen in a crater are known as ‘ spot 5’ . the scale in the image is about 1.3 miles ( 2.1km ) per pixel , almost 70 per cent better than previous images . but the origin of the bright spots remains a mystery for now - with theories ranging from exposed ice to volcanoes . salt flats or ice seem to be the predominant theories at the moment , with the bright spots appearing to reflect incoming sunlight towards the spacecraft’s cameras . until dawn gets closer , though , it’s unlikely the mystery will be resolved . ‘it’s too early to say what they are , ’ dr marc rayman , dawn 's mission director and chief engineer , told mailonline . ‘ some people have offered they might be ice , but i don’t consider that necessarily the most likely explanation . ’ dr rayman says he favours the theory that they could be ‘ salty deposits ' , left over from perhaps saltwater’ on the surface . but one thing that can be ruled out is that they are their own sources of light . dr rayman is certain they are simply reflecting sunlight . ‘they’re mysterious but not bizarre , ’ he said . this animation , made using new images taken by dawn , shows how the bright spots become visible when they pass the ' terminator ' - the line where the planet is split between sunlight and darkness . credit : nasa . in this close up view , the two different spots can clearly be seen . several theories currently exist for what they might be , with the favoured being salt flats or ice - both reflecting sunlight . nasa 's dawn spacecraft ( artist 's illustration shown ) made its way to ceres after leaving the asteroid vesta in 2012 . there is high interest in the mission because ceres is seen as being a record of the early solar system , and may also have shifting ice on its surface . ceres is 590 miles ( 950 km ) across and was discovered in 1801 . it is the closest dwarf planet to the sun and is located in the asteroid belt , making it the only dwarf planet in the inner solar system . ceres is the smallest of the bodies currently classified as a ' dwarf planet ' . it lies less than three times as far as earth from the sun - close enough to feel the warmth of the star , allowing ice to melt and reform . nasa 's dawn spacecraft made its way to ceres after leaving the asteroid vesta in 2012 . there is high interest in the mission because ceres is seen as being a record of the early solar system , and may also have shifting ice on its surface . dawn continues to get closer to the dwarf planet and on 23 april it will descend to a circular orbit 8,400 miles ( 13,500km ) above the surface . it will then begin its first mapping phase of the dwarf planet in this so-called science orbit , travelling from pole to pole to image the entire surface . three more science orbits are planned , with the spacecraft mapping the comet in increasing detail . up until december it will periodically descend lower and lower until it reaches an altitude of just 225 miles ( 260km ) above the surface , with images 100 times better than those taken so far . this is lower than the orbital height of the iss around earth – and will allow dawn to snap glorious images of ceres’ surface , including its mysterious bright spots . these latest images ( close up view of the bright spots in the crater on the right ) were taken on 14 and 15 april from a distance of 14,000 miles ( 22,000km ) from the north pole of ceres . dawn is continuing to get closer to the dwarf planet ceres ( position in the solar system shown left ) , and on 23 april it will descend to a circular orbit 8,400 miles ( 13,500km ) above the surface - its first science orbit . three more are planned by the end of the year ( orbital paths shown right ) . ‘ the approach imaging campaign has completed successfully by giving us a preliminary , tantalising view of the world dawn is about to start exploring in detail . it has allowed us to start asking some new and intriguing questions , ' said dr rayman said in a statement . dawn became the first spacecraft to orbit a dwarf planet on 6 march , having left the giant asteroid vesta in 2012 . both vesta and ceres are in the main asteroid belt between mars and jupiter , and were on their way to forming planets before their development was interrupted - likely by the gravity of jupiter .