arsenal moved nine points clear of their top four rivals liverpool on saturday afternoon with a 4-1 win at home in the premier league . goals from hector bellerin , mesut ozil and alexis sanchez put the gunners 3-0 ahead , before jordan henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors . olivier giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike in injury time . here , sportsmail 's matt barlow casts his eye over the two teams ' performances at the emirates . arsenal ( 4-2-3-1 ) david ospina - 6.5 . no shots to save first half , although out smartly once or twice . made a flying save to thwart can in the second-half and almost saved jordan henderson 's penalty . hector bellerin - 6.5 . scored a wonderful goal with his left foot . unfortunate to be booked for a foul by mathieu flamini and then lucky not to be sent off for a foul on sterling which conceded penalty . hector bellerin celebrates after putting arsenal 1-0 ahead against liverpool in the first half on saturday . per mertesacker - 6.5 . coped quite well with the nimble trio of liverpool strikers . laurent koscielny - 6 . performed well until replaced early in second half by gabriel . nacho monreal - 7 . solid defensive display , up against lazar markovic and philippe coutinho . francis coquelin - 7 . offered vital bite in midfield , especially during period midway through first half when liverpool were at their best . alexis sanchez celebrates after netting the gunners third on the stroke of half-time at the emirates . santi cazorla - 6.5 . heavily involved in the middle of midfield , but without any of the creative frills which often decorate this game . early shot forced a save . hit a post late in game . aaron ramsey - 7 . started very well , wide on the right . missed a good chance after a kolo toure mistake and set-up alexis sanchez 's goal with a neat touch . faded and replaced early . alexis sanchez - 7 . all action as ever , including a fabulous strike before half time make it 3-0 . mesut ozil - 7.5 . produced silky touches and a brilliant free-kick for the second which put arsenal in control . mesut ozil added a glorious second for arsenal with a sumptuous free-kick on 40 minutes . ozil was all smiles as he celebrated his strike in a silky personal display from the midfielder . ozil ( right ) posted on instagram after the match : ' seven wins in a row ! and so happy ! ' olivier giroud - 7 . forced early mistake from toure which his team failed to capitalise on . denied in the second half by a good reflex save . scored the fourth with another stunner . subs : gabriel ( for koscielny 49 min ) ; flamini ( for ramsey ) , welbeck ( for ozil ) . subs not used : macey , gibbs , rosicky , walcott . manager : arsene wenger - 7 . wonderful first half for the arsenal boss , but his team do not have the knack of killing a game . there will always be chances to score . sent on flamini in a bid to protect the clean sheet , but liverpool got one back . olivier giroud ( right ) added a late fourth with a brilliant strike to complete the scoreline for the gunners . liverpool ( 3-4 -- 2-1 ) simon mignolet - 5.5 . beaten three times in eight minutes before the break , but made fine early saves from santi cazorla and aaron ramsey as well as a splendid reaction save from olivier giroud in the second half . emre can - 5 . not comfortable on the right of three centre-halves or at right-back where he played after the break . sent off for two yellow cards , the second a stupid tackle from behind on danny welbeck , near the corner flag . emre can ( right ) was sent off late in the second half for liverpool to compound a miserable afternoon . liverpool 's kolo toure ( centre ) had a torrid afternoon in defence on his return to his former club . kolo toure - 4.5 . error-strewn performance defined liverpool’s first-half . escaped an early mistake which gave ramsey a chance but not others . better in back four in second half . mamadou sakho - 5 . erratic as if disturbed playing alongside toure in absence of martin skrtel . jordan henderson - 6 . did not contribute a great deal from right-wing-back in the first half , but more involved when he moved forward in the second half . scored from the spot and returned to right-back after emre can’s red card . jordan henderson pulled one back for the reds from the penalty spot on 79 minutes at the emirates . joe allen - 6 . ticked over in midfield . won some tackles and passed it well , but did not protect his defence when they needed help . lucas leiva - 5.5 . first start in two months and very sluggish and wasteful in the early exchanges . like joe allen , better in second half , but the game had gone by this point . alberto moreno - 5.5 . offered nothing in attack and unreliable in defence . easily beaten by hector bellerin for the opening goal . lazar markovic - 5 . flickered on the counter-attack but opted to pass to sterling when clean through and ought to have shot . replaced at half-time . lazar markovic ( left ) wasted a glorious chance to give liverpool the lead and was substituted at half-time . philippe coutinho - 5 . unable to impose himself . one pass to markovic created a first-half chance . nice touches , here and there but nothing more . raheem sterling - 6 . bright and well poised on the ball . movement good and influential when moved to the left after the break . won penalty . liverpool won the penalty after raheem sterling ( top ) was fouled by bellering ( bottom ) in the second half . subs : daniel sturridge ( ht for markovic ) . liverpool were better with him on . 6 . subs not used : jones , johnson , lovren , manquillo , brannagan , borini . manager : brendan rodgers - 6 . awful first half for his team in absence of skrtel and steven gerrard . started badly , improved a little but beaten by three terrific goals in eight minutes . switched from back-three to back-four to try and get back into the match as well as sending daniel sturridge on in response . but it was over when can was dismissed . referee : anthony taylor - 6.5 . there were mistakes and he missed small things , but overall let it flow . got the penalty right and the red card , but made a mess of bellerin’s cards .