a colorado wastewater facility went up in flames on friday after a fracking tanker was hit by lightning , setting off a series of explosions and oil fires . dale lyman , a spokesman for the greeley fire department , says firefighters were called to the site northeast of greeley airport shortly after 1 p.m . they are working with ngl energy partners , the company that owns the site , but had to wait for the explosion risk to subside so they could use fire suppression foam to extinguish the fire , lyman told the greeley tribune . nearby homes were evacuated , however no injuries were reported . the fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank , launching it into the air . it landed 60 feet from the site . the water contained traces of hydrocarbons and petroleum as a result of hydraulic fracturing , which ignited , fox 31 reported . the tanker was near an injection well where fracking wastewater is pumped into the ground . scroll down for video . boom : a tanker carrying fracking wastewater - which contains traces of gas and petroleum - exploding at a facility in greeley , colorado , on friday , after being struck by lightning in a storm . no one was injured , but the facility has likely been destroyed . fire melts the cab of a truck as the blaze continues at a waste water storage area on friday , april 17 , 2015 near the greeley-weld airport . launched : an oil and gas wastewater tank soars through the air after an explosion at the ngl energy partners facility friday . plume : smoke rises as a fire spreads at a waste water storage area on friday near the greeley-weld airport outside of greeley . the area was linked to earthquakes near greeley in may and june last year . the site is located near the intersection of weld county road 47 and weld county road 64 , just northeast of the greeley airport . the suppression foam that used to extinguish the flames is for fighting liquid fire l and cuts off the fire’s oxygen supply and cools it down , lyman said . ngl energy partners have several similar facilites across the country . the company 's vice president , doug white , said they had the incident under control . ' it was quite a lightning storm that was moving through here , ' white told the greeley tribune . explosion : flames erupted about 1 p.m. at the site located near the intersection of weld county road 47 and weld county road 64 , just northeast of the greeley airport in colorado . fracking site : the fire was near an injection well where hydraulic fracturing wastewater is pumped into the ground . burning for hours : firefighters had no choice but to sit back and wait for some of the fires to subside , because they were ignited by oil . greeley added : “we’ve had it happen in texas , several times , actually . 'that’s a part of the business . ' while some local reports have suggested the facility was completely destroyed in the fire , white played down such talk . ' we don’t know the amount of damage , ' he said . we’re still assessing the situation . ' in a statement , company officials also vowed to participate fully in the investigation . colorado was n't the only party of the country battered by severe weather this weekend - or the only place a tanker exploded . karnes county sheriff dwayne villanueva blamed lightning for an explosion friday at an oil tank in karnes city , south of san antonio , sending flames more than 100 feet into the air . storms featuring high winds , hail and at least one report of a tornado swept through an area stretching from southern texas to parts of oklahoma , kansas and central nebraska on saturday , and more were forecast later in the evening . heavily populated areas with the highest risk of storms are san antonio , oklahoma city and norman , oklahoma , according to the national weather service . most of north texas , including dallas-fort worth , was placed under a severe thunderstorm warning until 1am sunday . under threat : the academy of country music’s party for a cause festival at globe life park in arlington was threatened by the severe thunderstorm warning saturday night . the festival was delayed and revelers told to move inside and take cover . taking cover : photos from twitter show revelers at the academy of country music 's ' party for a cause ' festival covered in ponchos after being told to get inside for a storm expected to hit the open-air theater in arlington . everyone , inside : the city of arlington activated its outdoor warning sirens due to the high winds and the potential for hail saturday , forcing festival goers at the academy of country music 's ' party for a cause ' to move into hallways inside . the storm threatened the the academy of country music’s party for a cause festival at globe life park , arlington , which was expected to be canceled . fans were just asked to move indoors and take cover as the start of the festival was delayed . reports of hail , some of up to quarter-size , were widespread saturday afternoon along a line from central nebraska through the plains of western oklahoma and to the rolling plains of north texas and central texas plateaus . one unconfirmed report of a tornado was received from the public in an unpopulated area of remote edwards plateau country , about 110 miles northwest of san antonio . no damage or injuries were reported . the storms developed a day after at least five firefighters were hurt on friday when their truck overturned on a rain-slick rural road in central texas and hit a tree . severe weather : intense rains came down hard and fast in houston , texas on friday night , leading to flash flooding in the area . underwater : houston was hit with rainfall rates of 2-3 inches an hour , according to weather channel forecaster michael palmer . flash flooding : the heaviest rain hit the south side of houston , near the suburbs of pasadena ( pictured ) . ongoing : the rain was expected to continue throughout the night friday and into saturday . they were taken to hospital . texas department of public safety trooper harpin myers said an ambulance crew responding to the wreck also was involved in a crash . the crews were responding to an initial accident after a vehicle hydroplaned on the wet road and collided with another . in houston , some creeks and bayous filled to their banks and drivers in found water reaching nearly to car bumpers . the weather service reported saturday that rain gauges at reliant park , the complex that includes the nfl houston texans football stadium , registered 5.32 inches over the previous 24 hours . other readings topping 4 inches were common in parts of houston . a storm system will produce a chance of showers and thunderstorms from the upper midwest to the southeast . the northern and central rockies will have a chance of rain and snow showers . the west coast should be mainly dry . ( weather underground via ap ) . the harris county flood control district recorded 3.6 inches of rain during a 30-minute period in pasadena , southeast of houston , and center point energy said as many as 35,000 of its electric customers had been without power . south of houston in brazoria county , police reported hail the size of tennis balls in angleton , and needville received 4 inches of rain . the roof was torn from a home on jamaica beach in galveston county . in la porte , as many as 40 homes took in water . in south texas , funnel clouds were reported near victoria and beeville and authorities said a tornado briefly touched down in a rural area of matagorda county about 100 miles southwest of houston .