west ham manager sam allardyce has defended nigel pearson and admires the leicester city boss for being ' his own man . ' allardyce had pearson on his coaching staff when he was newcastle united manager in 2007 , and the pair will be reunited when west ham face leicester at the king power stadium on saturday . pearson has been involved in several controversial incidents this season , including grabbing crystal palace 's james mcarthur by the throat and losing his cool with a reporter during a press conference . leicester city boss nigel pearson ( left ) has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season . however , west ham manager sam allardyce has defended pearson and says that he is ' his own man ' . in february , pearson was involved in an altercation with crystal palace midfielder james mcarthur . it has added to speculation pearson will be sacked by leicester with the club sitting bottom of the barclays premier league , but allardyce feels his former colleague has done an ' unbelievable job ' . ' he 's his own man . he has his own methods and believes in not only himself but what he is doing , ' allardyce said . ' occasionally as we all get under pressure , we may make odd comments or the odd mistake , but we 're human beings like everybody else . ' he 's done an unbelievable job , not just at leicester but as a manager . ' leicester are seven points from safety , albeit with a game in hand against leaders chelsea , but allardyce feels pearson will be frustrated because their performances do not warrant their lowly position . leicester defender robert huth ( centre ) in action during the club 's session at belvoir drive training ground . ' i think overall nigel must be pulling out his hair , ' allardyce added . ' why have those performances not given them more results ? that 's the cruciality of the premier league . ' on occasion his team have been in the ascendency . they have not taken advantage of it by not scoring or converting chances . they 've paid the ultimate price in the end . that 's this level for you . ' there are critical moments and if you do n't take them , they 're very costly indeed . performances are always important , but in the end it 's a results business . ' west ham scored with their only two shots on target against leicester when they beat them 2-0 in december , and pearson will try to end a goal-drought at the king power stadium that is five hours and 15 minutes long . leicester 's danny drinkwater ( left ) and david nugent ( right ) are put through their paces in training . pearson talks to his leicester squad ahead of their premier league game against west ham on saturday . 