flanked by police officers and his face hidden with a coat , these are the first pictures of a suspected killer amid fears he disposed of a woman using a meat grinder . bruno fernández has been dubbed the ' majadahonda ripper ' after police searched his home in a suburb of madrid , spain and discovered blood stains and what is thought to have been a human tooth . the 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger , adriana giogiosa , 55 , who was reported missing by her brother . police were pictured leading bruno fernández from the property in majadahonda , a suburb of madrid , spain . fernández , pictured on the backseat , has been dubbed the ' majadahonda ripper' after police searched his home and discovered blood stains and what is thought to have been a human tooth . it comes as residents living near one of his former homes have described how he was involved in apparent satanic rituals . neighbours said he ' regularly ' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints to police , the local reports . forensics are continuing to search the most recent home of fernández and police were pictured leading him away from the property . he is currently in police custody . unemployed fernández , who was the landlord of the house , has a history of psychological problems , it has been reported . spanish police are said to have found blood and an industrial meat grinder at the property in a quiet street , as well as a list of three other tenants who are also thought to be missing . forensics are continuing to search the most recent home of fernández and have erected a white barrier outside . adriana giogiosa was reported missing by her brother after he was unable to contact her , and ms giogiosa 's landlord in madrid has been arrested in connection with her disappearance and a meat grinder found there . at least two of the other missing tenants are thought to be women from argentina and the man 's aunt has also not been found - prompting fears they could all have been murdered . when they searched the house in sacedilla street in majadahonda officers found half of it had been repainted and the other half covered in plastic , ready for redecorating , el pais reported . at first the man had refused officers access to the house and demanded they get a warrant . spanish police found a couple of spots of blood in the house , a meat grinder and what appeared to be a tooth in the machine . a blood stained knife was also found . these have all been sent off for analysis . spanish police found a couple of spots of blood in the house , a meat grinder and what appeared to be a tooth in the machine . when they searched the house in sacedilla street in majadahonda officers found half of it had been repainted and the other half covered in plastic , ready for redecorating . spanish police launched an investigation after miss giogiosa 's brother reported her missing on april 6 . police launched an investigation after miss giogiosa 's brother reported her missing on april 6 . she had visited home in argentina in february and caught a flight back to madrid at the end of march , when she is believed to have been killed . her brother said after he arrived back in madrid he had received text messages from her saying she would be unable to speak because she was moving country and he had not been able to contact her - despite usually talking on a daily basis . a letter was also sent to miss giogiosa 's work , a restaurant , saying she would not be returning for personal reasons after she returned to madrid , periodista digital reported . officers are also searching nearby rubbish dumps in pinto . the house in a quiet majadahonda street has been searched by police , who reportedly found a meat grinder . neighbours reported hearing loud noises and the landlord taking out bags of rubbish from the house in sacedilla street in mjadahonda in the days before the landlord was arrested , according to la nueva espana . there were also reports that the garage had been soundproofed . the man , who has previously been in a psychiatric hospital with schizophrenia , took over the house from his aunt when she reportedly went into a care home . authorities are also trying to trace her . the brother of miss giogiosa has flown to madrid to help with the investigation .