a sex offender has been jailed for fatally stabbing a forensic science student who dreamed of becoming a policewoman after befriending her on a canal towpath . david marshall must serve a minimum of 20 years behind bars for the murder of eni mevish , a 20-year-old student at staffordshire university . the 68-year-old stabbed her in the heart , lungs and liver six months after they met because he was ' jealous ' of her other friendships , stafford crown court heard . the pensioner had already served a jail sentence for assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he stormed her house stoke-on-trent in november last year to butcher her with a kitchen knife . eni mevish was killed by a sex offender who stabbed her in the lungs , liver and heart six months after she befriended him while out jogging . the pair are thought to have met around six months earlier when miss mevish , originally from manchester , was out jogging . prosecutors told the court miss mevish had received financial support from the pensioner , though the nature of their friendship is not clear . on november 9 the 20-year-old received a number of text messages thought to have been from marshall . while she was watching a film with fellow student rizwan bukhari , marshall is understood to have arrived at her house drunk . he asked mr bukhari to leave them alone before being heard ' swearing , shouting ' and asking ' why did n't you text me ? ' the 22-year-old student then heard a ' slow scream ' and tried to intervene but was struck by the sex offender 's knife . david marshall was on licence for sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he killed eni , a 20-year-old student . after marshall had fled the scene he discovered miss mevish 's body in a pool of blood and phoned an ambulance . she had been stabbed in her heart , liver and lungs and died in hospital . appearing via video link in stafford crown court marshall was told he must serve a minimum term of 20 years and six months for her killing . sentencing , judge john wait said it was clear the sex offender had intended to hurt her . ' you came to be jealous of her friendships with fellow students and sought to distance her from them . ' it is clear you had in mind violence when you went to her home . ' the court heard how at the time of the attack marshall was on licence for sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl . ' at the time of this terrible offence you were on licence following a sentence for an offence of indecent assault , ' added judge wait . ' it was a condition of your licence that you notify your supervising ( probation ) officer of any developing friendship with a woman . ' it is noteworthy that you failed to tell your supervising officer of the relationship ( with eni ) though you were asked on many occasions . ' in a statement released by police miss mevish was described as ' beautiful , clever and with her whole life ahead of her . ' ' eni was a loving sister and daughter who was taken from us suddenly and violently . ' we are so proud of her achievements . we are devastated by her death . ' nothing can make up for that but we are glad marshall is now paying for his actions . ' the 20-year-old was studying to become a police woman at the time of her death . ' she would train really hard as she was so determined to join the police . ' eni would run through the park and when she saw an officer she would say `` that’s what i want to be’ '' - she just wanted to help , ' said close friend melanie-vanessa enyong . the 20-year-old aspiring policewoman was in her second year of a degree in policing and criminal investigation when she was murdered . ' she only ever wanted the best for people because she loved exercising so much she used to encourage us to get out there with her - that was the type of person she was . ' she is thought to have met marshall while out running though details of their friendship are not known . one of her former lecturers said she was a 'warm-hearted and conscientious ' student . speaking on behalf of staffordshire university , professor andrew jackson said : ' she is greatly missed by all who knew her . 'today’s events bring that loss into sharp focus and our thoughts are particularly with her family at this very difficult time . ' she is thought to have met marshall while out running though details of their friendship are not known . in the days after her death thomas barnes described how her housemate , rizwan bucari , had come into a shop to ask for help after seeing marshall flee her body . ' she had blood pouring from a stab wound in her stomach , and cuts all up her arm . ' by the time the ambulance arrived , her breathing was very weak . i told them what had happened and moved so i did n't get in their way . ' it was surreal , after being in direct contact with that kind of situation it’s hard to concentrate on anything else . ' marshall stormed the student 's shared house in shelton , stoke on trent , ( street pictured above ) and killed her with a kitchen knife .      