didier drogba has revealed he will continue his playing career next season . the ivorian made a shock return to chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012 , signing a 12 month deal . but the blues legend 's future remains unclear with the club still to offer him a new contract . didier drogba revealed he is not planning to retire at the end of the season - whether he is at chelsea or not . the 37-year-old ( left ) is yet to be offered an extension on his current 12-month deal at stamford bridge . drogba ( left ) celebrates the blues last gasp victory against qpr at loftus road on sunday afternoon . however , drogba , 37 , insists he has no intention to retire at the end of the season - whether he is at chelsea or not . ' i have made a decision , it 's not my last season , ' said drogba . the veteran striker has been forced to settle for a bit-part role at stamford bridge this season after the summer arrivals of diego costa and loic remy . and he admits he finds sitting on the bench frustrating , saying : ' it 's difficult when you do n't play and then have to go into these kind of games . but i try to give my best . ' i tried to give the best of my physical capacity against qpr , so if the manager needs me i 'm ready . ' despite his lack of action , drogba looks certain to pick up his fourth premier league title this season . veteran striker drogba ( centre ) insisted he tried to give the best of his physical capacity against qpr . and the forward , who started sunday 's win at qpr , added : ' we are only looking forward . we just wanted to win at qpr to get closer to the title . ' we still have those games against manchester united and arsenal to play . but we try to only think about our game . ' we are top of the league . they are maybe thinking about us and hoping we make a bad result . but we are more positive that we want to win . ' you want to feel that it 's comfortable at the top , but when you look at the game against qpr , you know the gap can be closed easily within a game or two . ' so you have to stay focussed and give everything like we did . ' 