simon calvert of the christian institute says forcing teachers to promote gay relationships would be making them choose between their faith and their job . schools should be forced to promote gay relationships in sex education lessons , union leaders say . the national union of teachers has called for a ‘ positive portrayal of same sex relationships’ in lessons to be made ‘compulsory’ under the next government . it said mps had a duty to tackle ‘ homophobia , biphobia and transphobia’ in schools and create a ‘ positive climate of understanding about sexuality’ . but critics accused the nut of ‘ thought control’ and said the ‘intolerant’ proposals risked ‘oversexualising’ children at a young age . meanwhile , christian groups warned it would compel teachers at faith schools to act against their beliefs . however , the union said the changes were needed to tackle prejudice which was ‘ still strongly prevalent in our schools’ . simon calvert of the christian institute said : ‘ this motion is itself an act of intolerance towards mainstream christians and their beliefs . it would force christian teachers to have to choose between their faith and their job . ‘ i wonder whether christian members of the nut who have paid their dues can expect any help from the nut when their jobs are on the line . ’ he added that church schools already teach ‘ love and tolerance’ of others without having to explicitly approve of same sex relationships . the proposal was contained in a motion on lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( lgbt ) rights passed by the nut at its annual conference in harrogate yesterday . it stated : ‘ conference instructs the executive to call upon the present and future government to … make it compulsory that all schools’ sex education policies include a positive portrayal of same sex relationships . ’ the nut said only 10 per cent of lgbt teachers felt confident to be ‘out’ to students . other proposals included promoting lgbt history month – which celebrates gay and transgender rights movements – in every school . the motion also advocated supporting transgender students and staff ‘ while transitioning and after’ . christine blower , nut general secretary , said : ‘ we need education policy that develops curriculum for children and young people that supports the democratic values of a diverse britain – including lgbt equality . ’ christine blower , national union of teachers general secretary , has called for a ‘ positive portrayal of same sex relationships’ in lessons to be made ‘compulsory’ under the next government . the law would also see teachers at muslim and jewish schools compelled to promote gay marriage and other issues that go against their beliefs . the proposal comes amid a row over the government’s new requirement for schools to teach ‘ fundamental british values’ , which include tolerance of other faiths and lifestyles . christian schools have complained they were branded ‘intolerant’ and marked down by ofsted after children were asked about gays and lesbians . durham free school is set to close after inspectors branded it an educational failure and said some children displayed ‘discriminatory’ views towards people of other faiths . meanwhile , grindon hall christian school in sunderland was put in special measures after failing to meet ofsted’s british values criteria . inspectors were said to have asked pupils if they knew what lesbians ‘did’ and if any of their friends felt trapped in the ‘ wrong body’ . the drive was formed in response to the trojan horse scandal in which muslim hardliners allegedly tried to impose an islamic agenda on schools in birmingham . the nut motion renewed fears teachers would be required to go beyond their remit in tackling such a sensitive subject . andrea williams from christian concern said : ‘ this kind of policy is dangerous for our children who are being oversexualised at a very young age . durham free has been told to close after inspectors branded it an educational failure and said some children displayed ‘ discriminatory views’ toward people of other faiths . ‘ they are being introduced to concepts and having normalised same sex relationships which robs them of their innocence and is not good for their emotional and moral wellbeing . ’ chris mcgovern , of the campaign for real education , said : ‘ the rights of groups who oppose gay marriage on sincere religious grounds should be respected as much as those who support gay marriage . thought control should not be promoted by the nut . ’ a church of england spokesman said it is ‘ fully committed to sex and relationship education that allows room for exploration and discussion of relationships , within a framework of christian values’ . sex and relationships education is mandatory for pupils at council-run secondary schools . it is also compulsory for children aged between five and 14 at council-run schools to learn about sex as part of the science curriculum . 