an obese woman has lost half her body weight after being told in front of her children she was too large to go on a fairground ride . denise fedyszyn , from holmfirth , west yorkshire , tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb - and wore dress size 26 - when she was left feeling mortified while on a family day out with her daughters anya and isla . a fairground worker told the 37-year-old : ' you 're too fat to ride , i ca n't fasten the seatbelt ' as she tried to go on a swing ride with her children . denise dressed as a troll in a charity parade before ( l ) and ms fedyszyn after having shed more than 10st ( r ) . it left the mother-of-two embarrassed , upset - and determined to do something about it , so she joined weightwaters , and changed her diet , as well as taking up exercise . ' i had to do something ' , denise , who now weighs just over 10 stone and wears a size 10 , said . ' he said it in front of my kids and i could n't take any more . ' i had always been overweight through my teens and after i married my husband anton , things got even more relaxed . ' after the fairground incident denise joined a weight watchers group at kirkburton with her long-term friend lisa walters . the pair had been mortified with pictures of them as bridesmaids at a friend 's wedding - and they were determined to make a change . denise and her long-term friend lisa walters were mortified with the pictures of them as bridesmaids . after just 12 months , denise has shed half her bodyweight and now weighs in at a little more than 10 stone . along the way , she has taken up running , raised more than £500 for charity . denise said : ' it was all down to that ; down to the kids and down to the fact that my dad - who lives at hepworth - was ill , and because of the stress i resorted to eating all the time . ' that first day i joined katie 's group i decided to go out for a run . it was more of a walk but i persevered and now i run regularly , as well as watch what i eat . ' i knew i had to change my lifestyle and i 'm so glad i did . ' i have done charity runs for age concern and for dementia research , to help my dad , and am also due to run in london next month and in the great north run . ' that weight is not going to go back on . ' lisa walters weighed 13st 5lbs ( left ) , but in just two months she has shed 35lbs taking her down to 11st ( r ) . lisa , too is celebrating her weight loss . the mother-of-three , 29 , who goes to the shepley weight watchers group , weighed in at 13st 5lbs and size 14/16 when she was a bridesmaid alongside denise . but in just two months she has managed to shed an incredible 35lbs taking her down to 11st and a slender size 10/12 . ' i do exercise but it 's more a case of watching what i eat , ' said lisa . breakfast - cheese on toast or a large bowl of cereal . lunch - pizza and chips or takeaway fast food . dinner - burgers or lasagne with lots of cheese . snacks - crisps , chocolate bars , biscuits , and lots of wine . breakfast - porridge or shredded wheat . lunch - kingsmill thins with cheese and salad and a weight watchers yogurt . dinner - chicken breast with weight watchers spice salad or in a pitta . snacks - fruit or weight watchers chocolate bar or snacks . ' my husband joseph and the kids kieran , 11 , abigail , 6 , and hollie , 4 , are all behind me and i intend carrying on with the health regime . ' as well as overhauling her diet and exercise regime , lisa says she has cut back on the alcohol . ' i bought a fitbit to track my exercise , ' she continues , ' i walk a lot more to school and back and have taken up jogging . ' i decided to loose weight after my dad passed away last year , from chrons disease . he also suffered a blockage but due to his weight they would n't operate as he was so high risk . medical conditions and obesity run in the family . ' eventually his bowel burst and they had to operate , but he suffered complications during surgery . obesity was listed on his death certificate as one of the causes of death and i know he would have had a better chance of survival if his bmi was within the healthy range . ' as well as overhauling her diet and exercise regime , lisa says she has cut back on the alcohol . 