england star anthony watson believes the pain of bath 's european champions cup exit can be a driving force in their push to make this season 's aviva premiership play-offs . watson and company were left to reflect on what might have been at dublin 's aviva stadium as six ian madigan penalties gave three-time european champions leinster a tense 18-15 quarter-final success . bath dominated for large parts of the second period and claimed tries through fly-half george ford and captain stuart hooper , but hopes of reaching a first top-flight european semi-final since 2006 floundered on their indiscipline . anthony watson carries during an impressive bath performance , but the english side came up short . attention will now quickly return to the premiership , with bath having four games left - against newcastle , london irish , harlequins and gloucester - in the quest for a top-four finish . ' the overriding emotion is that we are absolutely disappointed , ' said bath full-back watson , whose counter-attacking brilliance was repeatedly showcased against an often stretched leinster defence . ' to have battled out of the group as we did ( bath lost their first two games ) and then obviously to get into the quarter-final , to get so close and then fail at the end , it is obviously massively disappointing . ' but we have to try to take the positives , and i think a disappointment like this is going to help us in the premiership . ' bath stayed true to the ball-in-hand attacking principles that have lit up much of this season 's premiership campaign , and at times , leinster struggled to cope . ian madigan was perfect from the tee to hand leinster the victory in a game where they were second best . in madigan , though , they had a relentless marksman , whose 100 per cent goalkicking return ultimately sent leinster marching on and bath left to focus solely on domestic matters . ' to put on an attacking performance and go through the phases like we did against a quality side like leinster is just going to add more confidence , ' watson added . ' i think the way we have been playing this year has been a revelation to be a part of , and i have really enjoyed playing for this club . ' i think the progress we have made throughout the year has been awesome . i think the ethos and everything we are building at the club is going in the right direction . ' watson , meanwhile , paid tribute to his bath and england team-mate ford , who scored a brilliant solo try and made a darting break that set up hooper for a second-half touchdown that meant the visitors were always in sight of their opponents on the scoreboard . it was a huge disappointment for bath , but watson hopes they can channel the pain to their league campaign . ' i can not speak highly enough of him ( ford ) , to be honest , ' watson said . ' he is probably the best ball player i 've played with , albeit in a short space of time of two or three years . ' he has got a very mature head on young shoulders , and it 's a real privilege to play outside him . ' bath head coach mike ford could not mask his disappointment with the result , believing his team paid the price for an opening 40 minutes when they struggled for fluency and kept giving madigan scoring chances . ' there is a lot of disappointment , ' ford said . ' the first-half performance , especially , we are a lot better than that . ' that last 10-15 minutes , i was pretty convinced we were going to win the game , but it 's small margins . george ford scored one try and created anotehr in a superb performance , but it was n't enough . ' at half-time , we talked about composure . ' we had n't been able to build any pressure with ball in hand , and there was also the discipline side of things . madigan was pretty dead-eye , which cost us . ' we put it together second-half , and i think this will make us stronger . we will look back at the end of the season at this game , particularly , and say this is where bath became very strong . ' i thought anthony watson was on fire at full-back , and george made two good breaks for our tries . it was in our control , we thought . even at 15-5 down , we were confident we could win the game . ' and bath skipper hooper said : ' when you get to this stage of the competition , it is about winning . ' the disappointment is two-fold . one is obviously losing the game and the other is probably the individual mistakes we made , particularly in the first half . ' 