a conspiracy theorist claims to have found evidence that aliens have been watching our early attempts at space travel . ufo researcher scott waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from nasa 's mercury project . scientists say radical claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia , which is the psychological response to seeing significant items in random places . a close up view of what scott waring believes is the ufo coming into view . the image was taken as part of project mercury , which was the us ' first mission to put men in space . scientists says claims such as this are a case of pareidolia , which tricks the brain into seeing familiar objects in random places . many scientists believe ufo sightings such as this are down to a psychological phenomenon called pareidolia . pareidolia is the response to seeing faces and other significant and items , such as ufo , in random stimulus . ' the vast majority of these images are as vague and elusive as those posted by ufo witnesses on earth , and many have a fairly mundane explanation , ' nigel watson author of the ufo investigations manual told dailymail.com . ' the problem is that the more nasa denies such things or explains them , the more people think there is a conspiracy to hide the truth that aliens are visiting our planet . ' the image was taken by unmanned space probe mercury-redstone 1a on december 19 , 1960 . ' why would n't aliens be interested in watching a historical moment in human history ? , ' asked waring in his blog . ' especially since the capsule was unmanned , there were no worries that they would be seen . ' the image was taken as part of project mercury , which was the us ' first mission to put humans in space . it started in 1958 and ended in 1963 . the objectives of the program were to orbit a manned spacecraft around earth , investigate man 's ability to function in space , and to recover both the astronaut and spacecraft safely . the first united states astronaut was alan shepard , whose suborbital flight of the freedom 7 space capsule on may 5 , 1961 , was the first success of the mercury program . ' it 's actually the earth in the background and the ufo is in space observing the mercury capsule , ' waring said . this is n't the first time ufo hunters have scoured old nasa images in the hope of finding evidence of alien life . earlier this year , waring claimed to have seen two mysterious glowing objects in a photo from a gemini mission in 1966 . and a ten-year old image of the martian yielded what waring believed to be a rock shaped uncannily like the president obama 's head - and that it could be part of a statue . the image was taken by unmanned space probe mercury-redstone 1a on december 19 , 1960 . ' it 's actually the earth in the background and the ufo is in space observing the mercury capsule , ' waring said . earlier this year , waring claimed to have seen two glowing objects in a photo from a gemini mission in 1966 . many scientists believe ufo sightings such as this are down to a psychological phenomenon called pareidolia . this describes the brain 's response to seeing significant objects in random places . ' the vast majority of these images are as vague and elusive as those posted by ufo witnesses on earth , and many have a fairly mundane explanation , ' nigel watson author of the ufo investigations manual told dailymail.com . ' the problem is that the more nasa denies such things or explains them , the more people think there is a conspiracy to hide the truth that aliens are visiting our planet . '