world title-winning boxer , politician , actor , singer ... and now music video director . manny pacquiao revealed yet another of his talents by releasing his own walk-out tune ahead of his $ 300m mega-fight with floyd mayweather jnr . the so-called ' the nation 's fist ' not only wrote the song ' lalaban ako para sa filipino ' but also sang and directed the music video before releasing it on his facebook page on monday . the tune , which sounds somewhat like an 80s rock ballad actually translates as ' i will fight for the fillipino ' and will be played ahead of the richest fight in history against the undefeated american at the mgm grand on may 2 . multi-talented pacquiao not only wrote and sang the tune but also directed the music video . the video also carries a nostalgic feel , featuring a leather-clad pacquiao crooning into the microphone band-aid style while a montage of his various fights and humanitarian efforts fade in and out . whether mayweather has called on his close friend and cheerleader justin bieber to come up with his own entrance song has not been confirmed . the boxing champion 's song ' lalaban ako para sa filipino ' translates as ' i will fight for the fillipino ' . the 80s style music video includes a montage of pacquiao 's fights and his humanitarian efforts . meanwhile , the 36-year-old decided to train on the streets of los angeles on friday as he ran along the trail at griffith park joined by several fitness fanatics . as well as working on his aerobic endurance , pacquiao was also tested on his core strength and showed off his impressive footwork in front of watching spectators by shadow boxing . pacquiao recently unveiled the multicoloured mouth guard he will wear during his $ 300million las vegas showdown with mayweather . the container that it comes in reads ' mouthguards for champions ' , demonstrating pacquiao 's undoubted confidence . pacquiao was joined by his dog pacman as he ran around one of north america 's largest urban parks . pacquiao has revealed the colourful mouthpiece he will wear during the may 2 bout in las vegas . i always ask in my mind why do we have to judge what you feel ? what should be the right basis so they can listen to us ? do we have to be in a good status ? even if i hurt myself , i still wanted to keep it within me and just be silent about it . even if my heart aches , its nothing to me as long as people from my country show their smiles and felt happy . i will fight the whole world for my country bringing your name . i 'm a pinoy . we are pinoy . i will fight the world with my life at stake . i will fight for all filipino . even us , has our own dreams for our country . to help fellow countrymen , and give pride for our very own country . it does n't matter who you are . poor or rich if for the country we all fight together . i will fight the whole world for my country bringing your name . i 'm a pinoy . we are pinoy . i will fight the world with my life at stake . i will fight for all filipino . i will fight , i will fight . i will fight the whole world for my country bringing your name . i 'm a pinoy . we are pinoy . i will fight the world with my life at stake . i will fight for all filipino . i will fight for my country .  