tragic : olivia bazlinton , 13 , and charlotte thompson , 14 , died after being struck by an express train . the families of two teenage girls killed by a train at a level crossing have been shut out of a meeting where they planned to challenge network rail bosses over their bonuses and passenger safety . olivia bazlinton , 13 , and charlotte thompson , 14 , died when an express train hit them at elsenham station , essex , in december 2005 as they set off on a christmas shopping trip . the friends had been using the station’s unlocked footpath crossing to catch a service to cambridge when they were struck by a through train bound for stansted airport . an inquest returned verdicts of accidental death – but it later emerged that crucial safety reports had not been disclosed to the coroner , leading to allegations of a cover-up . network rail was subsequently convicted of criminal negligence and fined £1 million over the deaths . however , campaigners say too many dangerous crossings still exist in rural areas – despite a network rail closure programme – and that ‘excessive’ bonus payments to executives totalling hundreds of thousands of pounds are not justified . the girls’ parents had planned to raise their concerns at a meeting in london last week organised by network rail’s public members , a watchdog whose role is to hold the taxpayer-funded body to account . however , their request to attend was turned down . last night the girls’ fathers , chris bazlinton and reg thompson , said in a statement : ‘ bonus payments were made to network rail executives even after failures in regard to safety at level crossings , resulting in many deaths , including those of our daughters . ‘ we had hoped that members would challenge network rail on these issues and ensure action to improve safety at level crossings is speeded up . the network rail governance structure is seriously flawed and not fit for purpose . ’ network rail , which receives a £4 million annual subsidy from the taxpayer , does not have shareholders . instead , its activities are scrutinised by a panel of about 30 individuals , appointed by independent assessors for three-year terms . fatal accident site : olivia bazlinton , 13 , and charlotte thompson , 14 , were fatally struck elsenham station , essex , in december 2005 . last year , chief executive sir david higgins , who has since left the company , saw his basic £591,425 salary boosted by a £67,919 bonus , while network operations chief robin gisby , who has also left , received a £47,641 bonus on top of his £380,275 salary . in total , the firm’s bosses received £250,000 in bonuses last year . a network rail spokesman said : ‘ the tragedy at elsenham was a watershed for this company and the way it approaches safety at level crossings , and members of the families have played a pivotal role in this . as a result… level crossings in britain are among the safest in europe , but there is still much that can , and will be done to make them safer still . ’ david porter , co-ordinator of the public members , said : ‘ the decision not to invite the families to the workshop was… in no way influenced by network rail . the members are independent but their role is limited and they are not involved in the day-to-day running of the company . ’ 