tom wood jokingly thanked clermont for inviting northampton to an open training session after the english champions were thrashed 37-5 in the champions cup . the saints , who sit 10 points clear at the summit of the aviva premiership , exited europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one at the stade marcel-michelin . the result had been decided by half-time as clermont , employing a mixture of forward supremacy and three-quarter devilry , amassed an unassailable 27-0 lead . calum clark and tom wood walk off the pitch after their 37-5 defeat against clermont . northampton captain dylan hartley leads his team off the pitch after crushing defeat . clermont winger napolioni nalaga runs with the ball during the match against northampton . and wood tweeted : ' thanks to clermont for inviting us to their open training session today . we 've left our non-contact bibs in the changing rooms # humbled . ' northampton director of rugby jim mallinder , meanwhile , admitted defeat was among the most distressing nights of his career . ' it 's one of the worst defeats i 've experienced . we 've had a few shockers and that 's definitely one of them , ' he said . nick abendanon of clermont dives over to score a try at the stade marcel-michelin . abendanon cast his magic over the saints defence to inspire comprehensive victory . clermont 's wesley fofana runs with the ball during the european rugby champions cup match . ' we 're disappointed because clearly we wanted to progress and have the chance of a home semi-final . we have to take this on the chin . ' we were well beaten . we came up against a very , very good side . clermont played very well and we did n't . when you 're losing 27-0 at half-time , that 's basically game over . ' you come into these games knowing you have a chance , but that you 'll have to play to your very best . clermont winger noa nakaitaci ( right ) scores his second try against northampton . fofana is tackled during the european rugby champions cup match between clermont and northampton . lee dickson kicks the ball out of a scrum during the match between clermont and northampton . ' we did n't do that and so were well beaten . now our focus has to be on retaining the premiership , it 's as simple as that . ' wing noa nakaitaci claimed two tries and his france team-mate wesley fofana and former bath full-back nick abendanon also crossed as england 's strongest club was put to the sword . it took until the 68th minute for northampton to register their first and only points through a try by alex waller . nalaga runs with the ball during the european rugby champions cup match at the michelin stadium . ' we talked about needing to make a good start and shutting the crowd up , but completely the opposite happened , ' mallinder said . ' clermont made a cracking start , put us under pressure and we clearly did n't compete in the first half in any of the areas . ' the set piece did n't function . the physicality was n't there . we could n't keep hold of the ball , spilling it too often . our kicking and kick chase were also poor . ' clermont and northampton players vie in a scrum during the match at the michelin stadium . northampton 's ken pisi is tackled by clermont 's french centre wesley fofana . northampton 's status as premiership champions points to a gulf in class between the english and french leagues that mallinder was in no hurry to deny . ' the top french teams are very , very good . and at times we are very good , but not in this match , ' mallinder said . ' on this performance it would be hard to argue against it ( there being a gulf in class ) , but we have competed against their top sides in the past . ' lock courtney lawes and prop alex corbisiero suffered respective shoulder and leg injuries , but mallinder was unable to elaborate on the severity of their injuries .