a divorcee who claims her ex-husband cheated her out of a multi-million-pound fortune has won the right to reopen their divorce battle in the supreme court . alison sharland , 47 , agreed a £10.35million settlement in a deal that saw her give up her claim to an equal share in her husband 's software company . but husband charlie had lied about the value of his share in appsense , and she now says she is entitled to more . battle : alison sharland ( left ) accepted £10.35m from her ex-husband charles ( right ) in the belief it was half his fortune . but his firm appsense was later valued wildly higher , and his stake was said to be worth £132m . the court of appeal found that mr sharland , 54 , had deliberately hidden information and lied to the court but refused to overturn the divorce settlement . mrs sharland will now take her fight to the supreme court . the sharlands , from wilmslow in cheshire , married in 1993 and mr sharland founded the software company appsense in 1999 . the couple , who have three children , separated in 2010 and agreed to split their assets . but they could not agree over the value of mr sharland 's share of appsense , which has grown to become one of the biggest firms of its kind in the world with offices in silicon valley , new york , australia and across europe . she eventually agreed to accept £10.35million in cash and property and 30 per cent of the proceeds from her husband 's shares when they were put on the market . the deal was agreed on the basis that they were worth no more than £32million . but within days of the agreement an initial public offering on the stock market – which never took place – valued the company at more than £460million , meaning his shares were worth around £132million after tax . mr sharland did not dispute that he misled his ex-wife and an appeal court judge said his conduct was ' deliberate and dishonest ' but the court ruled that mrs sharland was bound by the agreement she had signed and refused her appeal . the case will now be heard at the supreme court in june . popular : appsense provides remote access software to 4,000 companies and was said to be worth £460m . landmark : ms sharland 's case will be heard at the supreme court , opposite the houses of parliament .