this is the moment atlanta hawks star thabo sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six nypd cops in a late-night incident that saw an indiana pacers player stabbed . footage taken outside a nightclub in chelsea , new york , appears to show sefolosha being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers . moments later , the video - shared by tmz - shows his teammate pero antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs . it happened on the same night that pacers star chris copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 oak club . video shows the moment atlanta hawks star thabo sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six nypd cops . video also shows sefolosha 's atlanta hawks teammate pero antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs . thabo sefolosha ( pictured ) and pero antić were both were arrested for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene . the newly released footage shows pero antić ( pictured leaving a courthouse in new york ) already sitting on the curb before police grab 6ft 7ins sefolosha . both were arrested for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene . they were charged with obstructing governmental administration . the newly released footage shows pero antić already sitting on the curb before police grab 6ft 7ins sefolosha , wrestle him to the ground and then lead him away . both players have since issued a statement saying they intend to fight charges against them . they said : ' as members of the atlanta hawks , we hold ourselves to a high standard and take our roles as professionals very seriously . ' we will contest these charges and look forward to communicating the facts of the situation at the appropriate time . ' sefolosha 's attorney , alex spiro , said the forward was injured during the arrest . the arrests happened as police were trying to investigate the stabbing of indiana pacers star chris copeland . copeland , a former player for the new york knicks , was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on wednesday . he is currently in a stable condition while 22-year-old shezoy bleary has been accused of attacking the 31-year-old and two women with a switchblade . injured : chris copeland , a player for the indiana pacers , and his wife , katrine saltara , pictured , were both stabbed following an argument outside a new york city club early on wednesday . arraigned : bleary was taken to his arraignment by nypd . he 's seen here in front of the new york state supreme court on wednesday . allegations : shezoy bleary allegedly attacked 31-year-old copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4am . yesterday , it was reported that bleary was seen leaving new york city 's 10th police precinct on his way to court just as copeland was undergoing surgery for his injuries . an argument in the early hours outside the 1 oak nightclub had escalated into violence at around 4am . copeland 's wife katrine saltara , 28 , was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation . copeland and saltara were reportedly arguing on the street as the attacker eavesdropped and then started to interfere . when copeland told the man to back off , the suspect allegedly pulled out a switchblade and plunged it into the athlete 's abdomen and elbow . injured : video by a passerby shows copeland and his wife on the ground before they were taken to hospital . scene : the couple were stabbed by a man who interrupted them as they argued outside 1oak in chelsea . bloody scene : after copeland reportedly told the man to back off , he allegedly pulled out a knife and stabbed them . blood-splattered : a nearby car , which belongs to copeland , has streaks of blood across it after the alleged attack . ' they were engaged in a verbal dispute in front of the location , ' said officer sophia mason , an nypd spokeswoman . ' the males engaged in a confrontation , and that 's when the 22-year-old male stabbed the 31-year-old male , ' mason said . he then turned on saltara , stabbing her in the breast , buttocks and arm , sources told the new york post . another woman , catherine somani , 23 , was also stabbed in the abdomen as she apparently tried to break up the fight , wabc reported . she was believed to be the suspect 's girlfriend . probe : nypd officers search for evidence outside the nightclub in chelsea in new york city . the couple , pictured , were rushed to bellevue hospital where they are in stable condition . loved up : the couple are seen in a picture taken after their engagement in september 2013 . copeland and his wife were both listed in stable condition at bellevue hospital , while somani was rushed to lenox hill hospital . their injuries are not thought to be life threatening . cbs reported that copeland underwent surgery on wednesday morning . ' we are aware that chris copeland was injured early this morning in new york city , ' indiana pacers president larry bird said in a statement to dailymail.com on wednesday . ' we are still gathering information and will update when we know more . our thoughts are with chris and those injured . ' the team confirmed that he had suffered a knife wound to his left elbow and abdomen . cuffed : pero antic , who plays for the atlanta hawks , was arrested for failing to clear the scene for police and he is seen being escorted out of the 10th precinct of the nypd on wednesday . arrested : atlanta hawks ' players thabo sefolosha , left , and pero antić , right , were arrested for allegedly failing to leave the scene when police arrived . all three players were in the city for games on wednesday . on the court : copeland previously played for the new york knicks ( pictured in 2013 ) . he was in new york to take on the team on wednesday night but was undergoing surgery on wednesday morning for his wounds . the fight broke out down the street from 1oak , a popular chelsea club where celebrities including leonardo dicaprio , justin bieber , miley cyrus and lindsay lohan have been spotted partying . the couple is believed to have only been inside the club briefly . the hawks and pacers were both in new york for basketball games . copeland , who is from new jersey , was supposed to play his former team , the new york knicks , at madison square garden on wednesday . he previously played 56 games for the team in his 2012-2013 rookie season . both pacers and knicks fans flocked to social media to wish him a speedy recovery on wednesday . ' hope that you and your wife have a speedy recovery , ' one fan wrote . ' once a knick always a knick . ' the hawks will take on the brooklyn nets at barclays center , but it is not yet clear if the two arrested players will be available to play . ' we are aware of the situation involving pero antic and thabo sefolosha this morning , ' hawks spokesperson garin narain told dailymail.com on wednesday . ' we are in the process of gathering more information and will have further comment at the appropriate time . '