as the world cup draws closer , it is not just in the rugby heartlands that they are beginning to feel the excitement . twickenham , as the home of rugby , may be gearing up to embrace the sport’s biggest tournament , but on the other side of the capital , the olympic stadium – built for athletics and destined to be a football ground - is also quietly preparing to get in the oval-ball act . in newcastle , st james’ park , usually a footballing stronghold , is another ground about to host rugby’s premier competition , and as former bath , saracens and england prop david ‘flats’ flatman has been finding out , from the north east to east london , england is getting rugby-fever . david ' flats ' flatman has been driving around the rugby world cup venues preparing for the tournament . london 's olympic stadium may not be a traditional rugby ground , but the buzz around the game is palpable . ‘ going to all these places and seeing the buzz around the world cup already , is great , ’ says flats on the drive between stratford and twickenham , as he tours around the country visiting the stadiums that will host matches come this autumn as part of bt sport 's tour de flats . ‘ you kind of expect that kind of a buzz in rugby cities , like cardiff and exeter . but when you arrive in newcastle and the guy who is fixing the cabinet comes over to you to talk about rugby , you realise there’s a proper enthusiasm in places that are normally dominated by football . ’ building that enthusiasm , with the prospect of high-calibre sport on the horizon , is one thing . but as everyone connected with the olympic stadium knows , maintaining it after the competition is gone is another matter altogether . but flats is confident that , long term , this world cup is going to have a lasting effect . ‘ there are bound to be studies that come out , or bits of research , 15 minutes after the final whistle of the world cup final , and say there are only seven more children in europe playing rugby than there were on tuesday , ’ he jokes . flats talks to sportsmail 's jonny singer on arrival at twickenham at the end of his ' tour de flats ' . england came up short against france in the six nations , but their style of play earned plenty of plaudits . ‘ but i think what it needs is a concerted effort to make as much noise , constructive noise , about the rugby world cup as possible . ’ at the heart of the ‘legacy’ debate , as it was with the olympics , is the discussion over grassroots sport , and it’s something that flats’ tour has been focused on . ‘ we went to a club in leicester , with mike tindall and ben kay , and this is a club , with nothing , ’ he recounts . ‘ they have absolutely nothing . part of the world cup legacy is they will receive upgrades to their facilities . now , at wasps or harlequins , that means 5,000 extra seats . for them that means a shower . ‘ not shower rooms . a shower . they don’t have one . all this sort of stuff , that’s the grassroots . ’ of course , as well as investment and infrastructure , what this world cup will bring , stuart lancaster will hope , is an england team playing with confidence in front of their own fans . for the world cup to be the inspiration it has the potential to be , england’s performances will matter . if stuart lancaster 's side can repeat their flowing rugby at the world cup , they can win the sport fans . flatman says picking the likes of danny cipriani is key to england bringing in new fans during the tournament . ‘ a lot of the buzz and the legacy around the world cup will be how england play , ’ admits flats . ‘ how far they get is one side of it , another side is how they perform . ‘ they didn’t do enough against france ( in last month’s six nations ) because they didn’t win , but they were fantastic , and everyone loves it , and everyone forgives that . ‘ so they want to win , first and foremost , but how they do so will have a big impact . ’ playing attractive rugby is not just a question of attitude , it also depends on personnel , and that is why the former england prop is so glad to see the return of one of the country’s most exciting players , danny cipriani . cipriani may have a reputation as a ‘ pretty boy’ but , for flats , that can’t mask the fact that he is a top player . ‘he’s not a prima donna . someone gets photographed at a fashion show , and has nice hair , and they say you’re a prima donna . ‘ sam warburton’s got nice hair and big guns ; if he went to cardiff fashion week he wouldn’t be a prima donna because he’s a hard-nut flanker , and he’s not a fly half . cipriani was recalled for the six nations after impressing at club level over the past few seasons . flats says investment in the grass-roots will also be important if the rugby world cup is to have a legacy . ‘ you can’t have a prima donna in the forwards . why is danny cipriani ? just because he’s prettier and smaller . he’s a good bloke and an amazing rugby player . ‘ we talk about inspiring young people , who do you think the kids “are” in the playground now , playing rugby ? ‘ a lot of them will be saying , “i’m danny cipriani” . i thought he deserved to get back in the england squad and i’m glad they picked him . ’ so , if england play at their fluent best , and the grass roots get the funding they so badly need , could the rugby world cup produce a new generation of players and fans ? flats thinks so , but only if the tournament is made accessible . ‘there’s a big responsibility of commentators and pundits , without dumbing things down , to simplify things a bit , ’ he explains . ‘ offer clarity , and make people who might be first time watchers , like they understand it more . ‘ . if that understand can join the enthusiasm that is clearly building , england could have a tournament with lasting legacy – and not just in south west london . to follow tour de flats , tune into rugby tonight on monday 13th and 20th april at 8pm live on bt sport 1 . land rovers ‘ we deal in real’ campaign aims to put grassroots rugby on the global stage .