analysts employed at us intelligence agencies like the cia , nsa , and national counterterrorism center who watch graphic videos all day receive treatment from specialist psychologists to help them deal with the emotional trauma they experience . the analysts watch clips of beheadings , violent attacks and hard core pornography which sometimes features children in an effort to gain clues about where terrorists are and what they have planned . intelligence agencies employ special psychiatrists and therapists to help the analysts cope with the ' extraordinary toll ' the work can have . the analysts watch graphic content and look at violent photos to gain clues about the actions of terrorists . agencies like the cia , nsa , and national counterterrorism center hire therapists to deal with analysts ' trauma . a cia physician said : ' they 're being exposed to material that we 're not exposed to broadly in america ' . in many cases , the therapists have watched the same material as their patients , five current and former intelligence officers told the daily beast . a senior physician with the cia 's office of medical services said : ' they 're being exposed to material that , day in and day out , we 're not exposed to broadly in america . ' that has its own sort of impact and own sort of , for lack of a better term , shock value . ' the content analysts watch is often violent , but it 's ' mostly ' pornography . sometimes the graphic clips and photos contain encrypted messages and they must be checked to see if they hold useful information . the mental health professionals brief the analysts before they watch anything and remind them there are counseling resources which are available to them . analysts often suffer sensations of sickness , bouts of grief , periods of depression and experience anger . brendan conlon , an ex-chief of the nsa 's tailored access operations group , said : ' you have to watch the video and do a forensic analysis to see if there 's any lead to pass to along . ' the whole point is to make sure it does n't happen again . ' analysts often suffer sensations of sickness , bouts of grief , and periods of depression . it is also common for analysts to feel angry or want to hold responsible parties accountable . nsa spokesperson vanee vines said in a statement : ' the agency deeply values the health and wellness of our employees and provides a range of comprehensive services to address their needs . ' the nsa has long offered psychological consultation and intervention services to support our employees ' important work against today 's increasingly complex global threats . ' before they are hired , the nsa conducts extensive psychological testing on potential employees . at the very least , applicants take a written psychological examination and interview with an nsa psychologist before they are hired .