abuse : angela linton wrote a homophobic message directed at one of her son 's teachers in the child 's pass book . a mother who was banned from her son 's school after abusing staff then used one of the child 's books to deliver a homophobic tirade to a teacher . angela linton wrote the vile message , directed at gay teacher thomas o'brien , after a row about a school outing , birmingham magistrates ' court heard . the 47-year-old , from handsworth in birmingham , has been given a community order , told to carry out unpaid work and fined £185 for harassing the victim . linton 's son started at perry beeches secondary school in september last year , the court heard . helen shipley , prosecuting , said that linton approached head of year mr o'brien in october and expressed concern that she could not afford to send her son on a forthcoming residential trip . she was told that the school could come to an alternative arrangement , but failed to attend a scheduled meeting and then abused mr o'brien over the phone . miss shipley said : ' linton felt that the school , in particular mr o'brien , was unfairly targeting her son , who had been placed in detention over having a mobile phone in class . ' in another incident , linton was shouting and acting aggressively outside the school entrance , and was told to leave the premises . school officials then sent the angry mother a letter telling her she was banned , and could only communicate with the school via the assistant headteacher or in her son 's pass book . in january , she wrote a message in the book referring to the phone row she had with mr o'brien and abusing him for being gay . ' mr o'brien said he was traumatised by reading these comments , ' miss shipley said . ' his sexuality was well known . he said it was something he was comfortable with . ' he could not believe they had been written . he did not know the reason for it . ' school : the row began when linton 's son - a pupil at perry beeches , pictured - could not afford to go on an outing . akhmed yakoob , defending , said linton felt remorse over her actions , which were out of character . linton pleaded guilty to displaying writing which caused harassment , alarm or distress , and was sentenced to a 12-month community order . she was also ordered to do 150 hours of unpaid work and to pay £100 compensation to the victim and £85 costs . chairman of the bench peter pratt said : ' there is no doubt whatsoever that you have intentionally caused harassment , alarm or distress , most obviously to mr o'brien . ' the virulent language undoubtedly caused mr o'brien to be fearful . '