marion ' suge ' knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a california courtroom on wednesday after he fell at a previous hearing while addressing murder charges levied against him . during his appearance in the los angeles courtroom , the death row records co-founder complained to judge ronald coen and said he could walk . knight , a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot , fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing . scroll down for videos . marion ' suge ' knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a california courtroom on wednesday . death row records co-founder fell at a previous hearing while addressing murder charges levied against him . knight , a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot , told the judge walking was not a problem despite the earlier fall . his lawyer , matt fletcher , said authorities put knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a ' ploy ' to ' humiliate ' his client , according to tmz . knight told the judge : ' i 'm being chained to some type of chair and their pushing me . ' it 's making the situation even worse [ er ] . ' i walked perfectly fine from the county jail , to the bus , to the bus to here ' . the judge told knight if he could walk , that was fine and the chair will not be used again . judge coen is giving the former rap music mogul time to hire an attorney in a robbery case filed against him last year . a celebrity photographer accused knight and comedian katt williams of taking her camera . the judge pressed knight about whether he wanted a new attorney in the robbery case . his previous attorney , david kenner , said in a filing he no longer wanted to represent knight . knight said he wanted to fire kenner and has until may 27 to hire a new attorney . in this march 2015 file photo , knight collapsed in court during a bail hearing about his hit-and-run case . knight 's lawyer matt fletcher said the chains and the wheelchair were part of a ' ploy ' to ' humiliate ' his client . the deadly hit-and-run murder knight is accused of is a separate case , cle ' bone ' sloan was hurt and terry carter died in the alleged hit-and-run in january . knight has pleaded innocent and his lawyers have denied he intentionally tried to kill carter and sloan . fletcher also says knight is blind in his left eye and may not have seen clearly during the incident . knight has previous convictions for assault with a deadly weapon and could face 25 years to life in prison under california 's so-called three-strikes law if he is convicted at trial . his bail was set at $ 25million at the previous hearing .