after his grandfather passed away when he was just 12-years-old , brendan cordina resigned himself to the fact that his beloved world war ii medals were gone forever . after searching far and wide for two years , the 36-year-old amazingly found the medals in the northern territory and drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to be reunited with the family treasures . but on his arrival at the darwin military museum , mr cordina was refused the medals and told that they ' were more important to the museum . ' medals include an airforce cross , war medal 39-45 star , a queen elizabeth ii coronation medal and others . brendan cordina ( pictured here with his son zac ) drove for four days to find his grandfather 's medals . ' i searched for years and really thought they were lost forever , ' mr cordina told daily mail australia . ' i started by ringing around rsl 's asking if anyone had heard of flight lieutenant captain jack slade . ' mr cordina then began a national search and found clues that brought him to darwin after two years of searching . ' after confirming that we had found the medals , we put it to the museum board , ' he said . ' it took time to get an answer , but museum director pierre akin responded saying that `` the medals are more important to us and they 're going to stay here . ' '' the museum instead offered to send mr cordina replicas to which he was outraged . ' i was disgusted about it , ' he said . ' it 's the sentimentality , if they put replicas in the museum , the public would not know the difference , but i do . ' after posting the rejection letter he received on facebook , mr cordina saw the messages of support and decided to start a petition on change.org . ' i never for a moment imagined our family would be left begging for his bravery to be respected – yet unbelievably , that 's exactly what nt museums has done , rejecting our plea for his service medals to be returned , ' the petition reads . captain jack slade was a flight lieutenant in world war ii and received many distinguished service medals . he has received of 15,000 signatures in under 24 hours and is overwhelmed by the public 's support . 'i’m humbled and honoured that people are siding with what’s right , ' he said . the medals for mr slade 's service included the distinguished airforce cross , an order of the british empire , a war medal 39-45 star , a queen elizabeth ii coronation medal among various others . but mr cordina 's biggest regret is that his ill mother will not get to see her father 's medals again . ' she can barely make it to the front door , let alone darwin , ' he said . ' she 'll never see them again if we ca n't get them home . ' the director of the museum and art gallery of the northern territory , pierre arpin understands that the family are emotionally tied to these items , but said he has respected the intent of the donor . the donor was mr slade 's wife , mel slade , who has also since passed away . ' joyce maden , who is the executrix of the will called us and confirmed that it was very clearly in his will , ' mr arpin told daily mail australia . director of magnt , pierre arpin , said he respected the intent of the donor to have medals benefit the public . ' both of them detailed what their intent was and it was to have the medals at the museum benefiting the public . ' mr arpin said that after mrs slade 's death , it took a year for the museum to receive an offer of donation as it went through the board for a long period . ' a note from mel slade herself says , `` let me put these things where they should be because that respects my husband’s wishes , '' ' mr arpin said . mr cordina said he never knew about the will as his family did not have a relationship with mr slade 's second wife . ' i only found out about this last night as it was never mentioned to me , not even my emailing back and forth with the museum , ' mr cordina said . ' i 'm still beside myself why this is coming to light now . ' mr cordina is still hoping for the museum to override the board 's decision . ' if anything were to ever happen i 'd give them back to them , ' he said . ' i 'd just love for the museum to have a heart and hand them back . '    