a canadian adultery website which boasts ' life is short , have an affair ' is targeting british investors because of the uk 's supposed ' laissez faire ' attitude to extra-marital affairs . ashley madison , an online dating agency , is betting on europe 's relaxed attitude to boost its investment when it lists shares on the stock market in london later this year . it 's founder noel biderman , 43 , who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney , wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in russia , ukraine and the baltic states . scroll down for video . noel biderman , 43 , ( pictured ) who is the founder of ashley madison - a canadian dating website for married people - wants to raise money from british investors to fund a launch of its services elsewhere in the world . ashley madison , a canadian online dating agency which boasts ' life is short , have an affair ' , is targeting british investors for stock shares because of the uk 's supposed ' laissez faire ' attitude to extra-marital affairs . with more than 34 million members worldwide , ashley madison claims to be the world 's second-largest dating website . only match.com is bigger . despite being happily married himself , father-of-two mr biderman , who was born in canada , claims infidelity can actually save relationships and believes people ' use affairs to preserve their marriage ' . he is a self-made multi-millionaire having successfully launched the company in toronto before rolling it out in other major nations . avid life media , the parent company of ashley madison , values itself at £669million ( $ 1 billion ) and had a reported revenue of £77million ( $ 115 million ) in 2014 alone - up 45 percent from the preceding year . mr biderman believes the website is such a success because it gives members the ' perfect affair ' - helping them cheat on their partner with like-minded people and reducing their chances of getting caught in the act . he now wants to raise up to £135million ( $ 200 million ) by listing shares for ashley madison in london this year , to help continue its growth worldwide . it comes five years after a lack of investor appetite caused it to pull an attempt to list in canada . avid life media has 1.2million customers in the uk and 35million worldwide but was forced to scrap a flotation in toronto in 2010 after investors were n't convinced to buy in . mr biderman came up with the idea for ashley madison in the 1990s when he was working as a sports attorney . he said he realised there was a space in the market for the site after watching stars arrange affairs . mr biderman claims to have been happily married to his wife amanda for 10 years and the pair have two sons . the company hopes success in london will help it fund a launch of its services in russia , ukraine and the baltic states in late may or june . membership is growing quickest in india , south korea and japan . ashley madison 's website allows members to sign up without disclosing personal information such as their name , telephone number or home address . visitors to the site are greeted by a brunette woman , who is extending her finger across her lips in a shushing gesture . she is wearing what appears to be a wedding ring . christoph kraemer , director of international relations for ashley madison said : ' it is for people who are married , who are seeking an affair and want to do so in a discreet environment . ' in europe , we have simply got a more laissez faire attitude towards a business such as ours . ' mr kraemer also believes the website can actually help married couples , by ' igniting a spark in their marriage ' . he said : ' the response we get from our members who have actually had an affair via the website is that they feel happier , invigorated and transmit that happiness , which actually reinforces and ignites a spark in their marriage and relationships . ' avid life media , which is backed financially by a number of anonymous investors , owns also various other similar websites including cougarlife.com and establishedmen.com . ashley madison 's website allows members to sign up without disclosing personal information such as their name , telephone number or home address . visitors are greeted by a brunette woman with a finger to her lips . married father-of-two neil biderman , 43 , ( pictured ) is the man behind dating website ashley madison . the founder of the world’s largest online dating agency for extra-marital activity which boasts ‘ life is short , have an affair’ is a multi-millionaire father-of-two who claims to have been happily married for 10 years . neil biderman , 43 , the man behind dating website ashley madison , has made millions from his unique website which offers married partners the chance to have an affair with other spouses . however , despite his hugely successful business , canadian-born mr biderman – who is often referred to as ‘ the king of infidelity’ claims he has never cheated on his wife amanda and remains happily married . the couple have two sons . despite his loyalty claims , mr biderman did once reveal that he wouldn’t hesitate to cheat if the sexual relationship with his wife dried up . speaking to the evening standard last year , he said : ‘we’re incredibly communicative about our sexual needs . ‘ but if i woke up beside my wife and it was the 200th day we hadn’t been intimate with one another and it looked like nothing would change , i would cheat so fast . ‘ i would cheat long before i would get a divorce . if you have children that you love and a home that you built together and a future that you planned — why would you give that up just for sex ? ’ mr biderman came up with the idea for the extra-marital dating site in the 1990s , after a career as a sports attorney apparently made him realise how much time and money his clients spent on mistresses while they were away on tour . the site has made him a self-made multi-millionaire and he claims it is worth at least £669million ( $ 1 billion ) . despite its risqué nature , mr biderman’s wife doesn’t appear to mind because she agrees it is a ‘ sound business idea’ . the pair insist the social network is just a tool and no one can force anyone to betray a spouse and even believe the dating website can actually help save marriages . m biderman said previously : ‘ the reason people have affairs is that they want to stay married . ‘ what i get is a lot of people who come back to me and say : ' listen , this has made me a better partner . ' ‘ they were angry and taking things out on their family . the sexual frustration they were feeling , they start having the affair and all of a sudden , that stress is removed . it 's very cathartic for those people . ‘ if you come home and you 've had an affair earlier in the day , it might be easier not to be frustrated with your partner . the conversation could take a different directional tone and that can lead to intimacy . he also has previously said : ‘ my belief is that people use affairs to preserve their marriage . ’