hundreds of relatives , friends and strangers have gathered to bid an emotional farewell to the 23-year-old man who perished in the gas explosion and building collapse in new york city last month . nicholas figueroa 's mother , ana , was among more than 200 mourners to attend the funeral for her son , who was on a second date at a sushi restaurant in the city 's east village when he was killed . carrying a red rose and wearing a button featuring her son 's image , she wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse outside the church of the holy name of jesus in manhattan . mr figueroa 's father , nixon , who supported his wife throughout the funeral , told mourners : ' i 'm here but i 'm broken . my son is broken . my wife is broken . it hurts ... it 's heartbreaking for everybody . ' scroll down for video . farewell : nicholas figueroa 's father , nixon ( center back ) , and brother , neal ( front right ) , were among the pallbearers carrying the 23-year-old 's casket out of the church of the holy name of jesus after his funeral . grief-stricken : carrying a red rose and wearing a button featuring her son 's image on her top , mr figueroa 's mother , ana ( pictured ) , wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse outside the church . tragic : mr figueroa ( left ) , a former model and bowling lane employee , was settling the check for himself and his bowlmor lanes colleague at a sushi park restaurant in when the building exploded and collapsed ( right ) . speaking at the upper west side church , the 52-year-old father added : ' we 're here to show the love we always have for him . i appreciate everybody coming . i 'm going to put my son to rest now . ' mr figueroa , a former model and bowling lane employee , was settling the check for himself and his bowlmor lanes colleague at the sushi park restaurant in second ave. when the building exploded . he was declared missing following the terrifying incident , which gutted three buildings . but last week , his body was pulled from the building 's rubble alongside that of 26-year-old busboy , moises locon . during tuesday 's service , mourners - including city council speaker , melissa mark-viverito - clung to each other and wept as heartfelt speeches were made and ' ave maria ' rung through the church . mr figueroa 's brother , neal , paid tribute to his ' best friend ' , who had worked as a camp counselor at manhattan 's asphalt green sports facility . ' i want to be just like him , ' he said , according to nbc . he added : ' i ca n't wait to have my own little boy , he 's going to have the same name : nicholas . ' casket : mr figueroa 's father , nixon , told mourners : ' i appreciate everybody coming . i 'm going to put my son to rest now . ' above , pallbearers carry mr figuero 's casket as his distraught mother ( second right ) watches . large turnout : during tuesday 's service , attendees - including city council speaker , melissa mark-viverito - clung to each other and wept as emotional speeches were made and ' ave maria ' rung through the church . bidding goodbye : mr figueroa 's brother , neal , paid tribute to his ' best friend ' , who had worked as a camp counselor at manhattan 's asphalt green sports facility . ' i want to be just like him , ' neal told mourners . the emotionla funeral was held at the church of the holy name of jesus ( pictured ) in the upper west side . the reverend lawrence ford praised mr figueroa for his selfless work as an eagle scout with the boy scouts , saying that his life had been ' cut too short , ' according to the new york daily news . one boy scout at the funeral told cbs the victim had shown ' devotion and leadership ' . meanwhile , paul culff of asphalt green , said mr figueroa had ' left an impression ' with the facility 's youngsters . mr figueroa 's parents placed a white cloth over his brown casket as a symbol of his innocence . inside the casket , their son was reportedly dressed in a blue shirt , a checkered tie and a navy vest . following the service , a number of pallbearers - including mr figueroa 's father and his brother neal - were pictured carrying his casket to a hearse in front of loved ones , who were holding red roses . it was then placed in a hearse and driven away . in addition to mr figueroa and mr locon 's fatal injuries , 22 more people were wounded in the five-story building explosion at 121 second avenue . probe : mr figueroa 's parents placed a white cloth over his brown casket as a symbol of his innocence . above , investigators work on the site on april 2 to determine whether charges should be brought over the explosion . blaze : firefighters battle the flames following the explosion at the east village apartment block last month . former model : mr figueroa ( pictured left and right ) was declared missing following the terrifying incident . mr figueroa 's date , teresa galarce , 22 , suffered a broken nose , a broken rib and a punctured lung . she is now recovering from her injuries . it is unknown whether she attended tuesday 's funeral . the explosion also caused fires at 119 , 123 and 125 second avenue . all buildings apart from 125 ultimately crumbled to the ground , prompting an enormous response from emergency crews . following the recovery of his body , mr figueroa 's family had started raising money to help cover his funeral costs and other expenses via a gofundme page , which amassed more than $ 27,000 . on monday , it was reported that a plumber who worked on the building has accused the building 's landlord 's son of making him illegally tap a gas line ahead of the deadly blast on march 26 . the unidentified plumber admitted that he illegally tapped a gas line before the explosion but said he only did so on the orders of the landlord 's son , michael hrynenko jr. , the new york post reported . another victim : last week , mr figueroa 's body was tragically pulled from the building 's rubble alongside that of 26-year-old busboy , moises locon ( pictured ) , who had worked at the sushi restaurant six days a week . aftermath : firefighters continue to hose down the site of the fire that gutted three buildings on march 27 . the gas was apparently being siphoned from the restaurant to tenants in the building . investigators suspect the illegal hookup was switched before con ed inspectors visited the building on march 26 , and after they left , it was put back , the post reported . it added that authorities have not yet decided whether to use the plumber 's statement against him or if they will get him to testify in exchange for a deal . neither the landlord , maria hrynenko , nor her 29-year-old son michael , who also goes by the name ' mischou ' , responded to the paper 's requests for comment . on monday , it was claimed that a plumber who worked on the building has accused the landlord 's son , michael hrynenko jr ( pictured ) , of making him illegally tap a gas line ahead of the deadly blast . property records show he lives in sparkhill in rockland county , new york after moving from 7th street in the east village last year , where he lived in an apartment owned by his family . the investigation continues as authorities continue to pick through the rubble at the site . but charges including second-degree manslaughter and reckless endangerment could be brought against anyone believed to have been behind the blast , the post reported . in august , utility workers found that the gas line had been illegally tapped , con ed said . the discovery led the company to shut down gas service to the building for about 10 days while the building owner made repairs . gas service was restored after the utility deemed it safe . inspectors from con ed visited that building about an hour before the explosion and determined work to upgrade gas service did n't pass inspection , locking the line to ensure it would n't be used . the work underway was to put in a bigger line to serve the entire building , according to con ed . but 15 minutes after the workers left , the smell of gas was reported . no one called 911 or con ed . instead , michael hrynenko and a contractor , dilber kukic , opened the basement door to check on where the smell was coming from . when they did so , a massive explosion shot through the building , forcing rubble onto the street and sparking a fire that spread to neighboring buildings . both michael hrynenko and the contractor escaped the scene , but officials later pulled the bodies of mr figueroa and mr locon , who worked at the restaurant six days a week , from the rubble . the contractor , dilber kukic - who is facing unrelated charges of bribing an undercover investigator posing as a housing inspector - declined through his lawyer to comment on the explosion . 