ordinary british tennis fans face a wimbledon-type scramble for davis cup quarter-final tickets this summer and are likely to end up with less than half the overall allocation . there will be a capacity of 7,000 for july 's match against france at london 's queen 's club , but well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in glasgow for last month 's first round . the rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies , with a considerable percentage going to well-heeled queen 's members as part of the deal to play the tie there . british tennis fans face a wimbledon-type scramble for davis cup quarter-final tickets this summer . andy murray enjoys a spot of champions league action alongside his friend ross hutchins at the nou camp . the lawn tennis association acceded to the wishes of andy murray and gb captain leon smith to play the tie on grass , which they feel best enhances their chances in what is a first davis cup quarter final staged at home in 29 years . that very much narrowed down the choice of venues for the tie that begins just five days after wimbledon . the all england club was never an option due to the stress the grass courts take during the championships and ongoing development work there . a by-product is that tickets are likely to be as scarce as they are for the big fortnight . sponsors plus organisations such as the lta , wimbledon , the international tennis federation and the french federation have to be catered for . queen 's members will also have a considerable allocation as the tie means the stands there being up nearly all summer , with the aegon championships taking place in the middle of june as the main warm-up for sw19 . murray has an affinity for the queen 's club , having won the aegon title there three times . murray is currently practicing in spain before beginning his clay court campaign later this year . the above will have until may 27 to take up or return their tickets , with only around 2,500 guaranteed to reach the ordinary public . a minimum 2,000 per day will then go on sale to those who are british tennis members – something that anyone can become by joining free – while at least 500 will go to supporters who have travelled abroad in recent years to support the british team . ' we have obligations to certain groups within the tennis family , ' said an lta spokesman . ' there are restrictions on numbers at the venue and we have to work within that . ' andy murray , who has won the aegon title three times , will lead the gb team in the match that takes place from july 17-19 . france have seven singles players in the world 's top 50 , with their best grass court player jo wilfried tsonga having just recovered from injury . the former wimbledon champion – currently practising in spain before beginning his spring clay court campaign – is pleased with the venue , and may be called upon to play doubles as well as two singles matches .