model hailey baldwin has revealed that she used to spend nights sleeping over at kim kardashian’s apartment , before she found fame herself . the 18-year-old daughter of actor stephen baldwin , who stars in a new shoot for the may issue of elle magazine and is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star kendall jenner , let slip very discreetly in an interview with elle magazine that she often spent nights with ‘ one of her friends’ – meaning kendall – in their ‘sister’s apartment’ – meaning kim’s multi-million-dollar residence , while she was traveling to castings in new york at the start of her career . ' i would basically pack a suitcase from home and just come live with her for a week , ' she said . scroll down for video . fancy friends : in the new issue of elle , model hailey baldwin said that before achieving fame , she would often sleep over kim kardashian 's house when she was working in new york . beautiful bffs : hailey has been friends with kendall jenner since she was starting out ; both models have famous last names . but since the days of crashing at kim’s sprawling home , hailey has quickly gone on to become a star in her own right . she currently boasts more than 1.3 million instagram followers , has walked in numerous fashion week shows all over the globe , and was recently named as the new face of topshop denim . 'she’s got that twinkle in her eye , ' topshop creative director kate phelan told elle , while comparing hailey to supermodel cara delevingne . kate also recalls how , the first time she met hailey , she was struck by the star 's social media influence ; when kate went home to tell her teenage daughter about the meeting , she said she already knew - because hailey had posted about it online . next generation : hailey , the daugher of actor stephen baldwin ( pictured ) is keeping up with her family 's famous legacy . top model : hailey is the face of topshop denim , as the brand 's creative director says the model has ' a twinkle in her eye ' like cara delevingne . indeed , as the magazine points out , it is not just hailey’s beautiful physical features that have helped to catapult her to the top of the fashion industry ladder , but also her impressively formidable social media presence , which makes her an appealing asset to fashion brands eager to capitalize on her popularity . and she has other hidden talents , too . before discovering a passion for fashion , the model also trained as a ballerina and spent many summers studying at the american ballet theatre school as a child . the gracefulness she learned as a dancer has likely contributed to her skills as a model ; in the chic elle photograph , hailey effortlessly pulls off a daring topshop unique ensemble . it 's good to be a model : bella hadid also appears in the magazine , tantalizing in a $ 895 fleur du mal lace bodysuit and $ 1,250 giuseppe zanotti boots . in the know : bella shared outtakes from her elle shoots with her instagram followers . fellow model bella hadid , who has 646,000 instagram followers of her own , also appears in her own stunning spread in this month’s issue , showcasing a number of the season’s hottest fashion designs including an incredibly risqué lace bodysuit , similar to that worn by kylie jenner at coachella on saturday . the 18-year-old poses seductively over the four-page spread , and shared more photos from the shoot with her instagram followers . exhibiting an air of cool confidence well beyond her years , bella , who is the younger sister of model gigi , flaunts several sheer and low-cut pieces by brands like saint laurent , chanel , and valentino . bella is also featured in ten designer-clothing-packed photos on the magazine 's website .