aussie the dog had always been very protective of his owners kai , seven , and sophie , 10 . but now their beloved pet is being remembered as a hero after he saved the two children from being electrocuted to death in a puddle in the aftermath of the new south wales storms . their family home at caves beach , near lake macqurie , had lost power so on wednesday the children 's mother natalie crane-hayes decided take kai , sophie and aussie for a walk in a nearby park . scroll down for video . aussie the dog ( centre ) saved his owners kai ( left ) and sophie ( right ) from being electrocuted in a puddle . the family were walking near their home at caves beach , near lake macquarie , when he was killed suddenly in a puddle that was connected to a fallen live electrical wire . aussie – who the kids brought home on australia day this year - was always protective of the children . the park was full of large puddles and they did n't know it at the time , but the wild weather had caused a power line to fall down into one of the puddles meaning all the water in the park was live with electrical current . five-month-old aussie was walking just ahead of the kids and when he stepped into the first puddle he was electrocuted and died instantly . ' honestly those kids were only a metre away , ' their grandmother deanna addicoat told daily mail australia . ' it would have been both of them because they would have followed the other one in . ' aussie 's our hero , he saved their lives . ' ms addicoat said the kids were traumatised . their grandmother deanna addicoat said the children were traumatised after seeing their dog die . kai and aussie shared a special bond and he is buried under a tree outside kai 's bedroom window . ' it was n't something nice to see… seeing an animal killed is not nice but for him to be electrified in front of them , ' she said . they had to wait for emergency services to come and cut the wire before they could move aussie from the puddle . ' the ses were excellent because they 've got so much work on up here , ' ms addicoat said . ' once they knew there was a live wire and danger , ausgrid came out and they were just so compassionate . ' ms addicoat said the family hoped the tragedy would remind people about the danger of fallen power lines . ms addicoat said sophie ( pictured ) was too devastated to watch aussie be taken away but kai wanted to be there to take him home . the kids ' father brendon crane-hayes ( right ) with aussie , who is being remembered by the family as a hero . she added sophie was too devastated to watch aussie be taken away but kai wanted to be there to take his dog home . ' kai wanted to be with aussie and stay in the car next to him on the way home , ' she said . ' he helped his daddy dig a hole and they buried him in his favourite spot under the banana tree outside kai 's bedroom window . ' aussie just loved kai . ' ms addicoat said aussie – who the kids brought home on australia day this year - was always protective of the children . the remains of a staircase on newcastle beach . the hunter region , central coast and sydney were smashed by wild weather on monday , tuesday and wednesday . damage from the storms that hit the coast near lake macquarie . winds reached category 2 cyclone strength . a car is seen among the debris of houses destroyed by cyclonic winds are seen on in dungog . ' he would always round up the kids if they walked too far ahead , he was a cattle dog and that 's what they 're meant to do , ' she said . ' kai found these pups at market and his parents said no at first . ' but kai said `` when i 'm holding him and his heart 's next to mine our hearts are beating as one '' . how can you say no to that ? ' had they not got that dog that day , i do n't want to think about what would have happened . ' an avoca beach resident cleans up her property on the central coast after flooding on wednesday . damage and destruction caused to the arkinstall family home by flooding in stroud in the nsw hunter region . pulver st , in hamilton south in newcastle , was one of the hardest hit streets with nearly every second tree lining the street ripped up , falling on homes .  