ask most players about the hat-tricks they 've scored and they 'll describe in detail how they managed to find the back of the net three times in 90 minutes . but that does n't apply to lionel messi . the barcelona star has scored so many trebles at club level - 32 to be exact - that he ca n't remember each one despite keeping a match ball from every game . messi will be hoping to add another to his list when barca take on psg in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final on wednesday . lionel messi poses with each of the 32 balls he has taken home after scoring a hat-trick for barcelona . messi bends home his side 's opening goal against sevilla on saturday during barcelona 's 2-2 draw . speaking to barcelona 's official magazine ahead of the game , messi revealed that his hat-trick balls have a special place in his home even if he ca n't recall which games they 're from . asked about getting each one signed by his team-mates , the 27-year-old said : ' i always sign it because i believe it is recognition for the whole team . ' without my team mates i would not have achieved all that i have on an individual level and i think that with a hat-trick , more than ever , because i depend on them to score goals , so it is a nice souvenir to have them all sign it . messi celebrates after scoring against sevilla - his 34th la liga goal of the season so far . messi will lead the line for barcelona when they take on psg in the champions league on wednesday evening . ' i keep them at home where i keep all my trophies , but i have thought about doing something special with them , something nice with all the footballs . ' at the moment i have them in glass cases but i am thinking about doing something so that they have a more special place . ' having netted 277 la liga goals for barcelona over the last 10-and-a-half years , it 's little surprise that messi has some trouble remembering the 96 which arrived in just 32 matches . asked if he can recall all of his hat-tricks for the club , messi said : ' right now , as we speak , no . i need to see the goals again or for somebody to tell me something about them to actually remember them . ' messi celebrates after scoring the second goal of his hat-trick against real madrid in march 2007 . less surprising is the one that stands out to him . ' the one i scored against real madrid when we drew 3-3 at camp nou was very special for me , for what it meant in the game and because for me it was my first hat-trick and it kept us ahead in the league , ' said messi . ' even though at the end we didn’t win the league , at that moment it was important and also because it was against real madrid . '