perched on a hotel sofa barely inches from glynis barber , i am trying , as covertly as possible , to scrutinise her rather lovely face . all peachy skin and thick , glossy locks , she also looks trim and toned in skinny jeans . it’s difficult to believe that in the next few months , the actress – remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of itv’s 1980s detective duo dempsey and makepeace – will be collecting her bus pass . from where i’m sitting , she looks barely a day over 40 . it is impossible , frankly , not to wonder whether mother nature has been given a , shall we say , little helping hand . there is no ‘ pillow face’ here or unnaturally shaped eyebrows ( a telltale sign ) . so has she and would she ? scroll down for video . then and now : tearing up the rulebook : glynis barber , pictured left in 1984 , and right , the actress today . glynis barber , pictured at the olivier awards at the royal opera house in london last week . it’s a question that glynis answers diplomatically . ‘ i am a bit surgery-phobic – i am a total coward , ’ she insists . ‘ i don’t judge anyone for doing it – people have to do what’s right for them . but for me a healthy lifestyle is the key . ’ it’s hard to argue with that sentiment . and this , indeed , is why we are meeting . for the past two years , under the tutelage of nutritional therapist fleur borrelli , glynis has changed what and how she eats – and in the process , she says , transformed her health and her figure . she tore up her rulebook too : out went breakfast – instead she has just two large meals a day . out , too , went wholegrains and she even stopped sipping water in the day , something she once swore by to stay hydrated and stave off hunger . so convinced is she that what fleur taught her is the key to long-lasting health and wellbeing that she has co-written a book with her , the in-sync diet , in which she shares their discoveries , backed up , she says , by credible new research . ‘ i had no idea that when i met fleur i would drop a stone in weight and a dress size , gain lean muscle , and have vastly improved energy levels , all while turning upside down the things i previously believed in , ’ glynis says . ‘ but that’s what has happened and it’s why i wanted to share it with a wider audience . ’ the actress ( pictured with co-star michael brandon ) is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of itv’s 1980s detective duo dempsey and makepeace . ironically , glynis once thought herself the last person to need a lifestyle reboot . always fit , she went organic in her late 20s at a time when it was barely heard of . ‘ this was the 1980s so everyone thought i was mad , although it made complete sense to me , ’ she recalls . ‘ my view was it was silly to put chemicals in your body that don’t need to be there , but that was forward-thinking at the time . it was me , prince charles and some hippies . but i stuck to it . ’ glynis , married to her dempsey and makepeace co-star michael brandon , has enjoyed a busy career in theatre and tv , but two years ago started to develop unexplained joint pain and was advised by her osteopath to see fleur . ‘ i was actually pretty resistant at first as i thought the one thing i know is how to eat properly , ’ she explains . but fleur thought differently . ‘ one by one she busted a lot of the myths that were a cornerstone of my diet . ’ first to face scrutiny was glynis’s fondness for wholegrains . ‘ i was surprised as i knew about processed grains but i thought wholewheat was fine , until fleur explained that it creates inflammation in the gut . she told me to cut them out . ’ aging well : glynis , pictured left in her 30s , will be celebrate turning 60 soon , but she looks barely a day over 40 . it meant a gluten-free diet – not easy for a self-confessed ‘breadaholic’ . pasta was also jettisoned , replaced by protein and vegetables . ‘ at first i thought , “ i can’t do this , ” ’ she explains . ‘ but now i don’t miss them at all . i eat salmon , eggs , nuts , organic turkey and salads . ’ and it was not just what she ate but when that fleur also changed . glynis ate little and often in the belief it kept her blood sugar levels regulated . but fleur told her that cutting out breakfast altogether and eating two large meals a day was a better way of regulating her metabolism . this is backed up by new research into intermittent fasting , which shows that better weight control can be achieved with long periods without eating – popularised by the 5:2 diets , in which you consume very few calories for two days of the week and eat a normal , balanced diet the rest of the time . some studies have found the same benefits – which also include lower cholesterol and blood pressure – might be gained by daily ‘fasts’ achieved by eating dinner then nothing else until lunch the next day . then came what glynis drank . ‘ i was one of those people who walked around clutching a water bottle and sipping at it throughout the day , ’ she says . ‘ but new research shows that drinking little and often actually doesn’t help the cells replenish properly . it’s far better to drink a large glass of water when you’re thirsty . ’ glynis tore up her rulebook too : out went breakfast and she even stopped sipping water in the day , something she once swore by to stay hydrated and stave off hunger . initially cynical , glynis says she was amazed by how easy it was to adapt . ‘ what i was trying to overturn were the habits of a lifetime and i thought it would be incredibly hard , but it honestly took a matter of weeks . it’s not set in stone either . if i want the odd blowout , or i really fancy breakfast , then i have it . ’ aided by her regular cardio and hot yoga sessions , she believes she is in better shape than she was 20 years ago . ‘ i have always been fit but i used to get incredibly tired . now i am bursting with energy . ’ and , glynis insists , she is less likely to scrutinise herself . ‘ i actually feel less vain now than i did in my youth . i’m very comfortable in my skin and i’m really not hung up on age at all . you can’t do anything about your chronological age , but how you age is up to you . ’ the in-sync diet , by glynis barber and fleur borrelli , is published by autharium on friday . the actress follows a gluten-free diet , with food like pasta jettisoned , replaced by protein and vegetables . why hydration is key . by barney calman , health editor . we should all drink at least two litres of water a day – about eight glasses . if we do , we’ll be slimmer , have better skin , fewer health problems and the like . right ? well , no , actually . the whole two-litres-a-day idea is based on no real scientific evidence . in fact , one of the only studies to suggest its benefits was sponsored by , you’ve guessed it , a mineral water firm . dehydration can be fatal , and in the case of the elderly , sick children or those with other health problems , a watchful eye should be kept on water intake . but in normal , healthy adults , the body is well adapted to make sure this doesn’t happen . if you drink too little , you get thirsty , and go to the loo less . if you drink a lot , you generally pee it all out . and in fact , the best way to make sure is to check the colour of your urine . ideally , it should be a shade of pale straw and no darker . 