luis suarez scored barcelona 's 1,000th goal in european competition as the catalan giants claimed a 3-1 victory over psg on wednesday night . the former liverpool star scored a brace as barcelona took charge of their champions league quarter-final tie against the french champions . suarez 's strike partner lionel messi shared an image of the duo together inside the parc des princes dressing room via his facebook page and said : ' great game with 2 amazing goals from my friend luis suarez ! ' scroll down for video . luis suarez ( right ) poses with lionel messi after scoring twice in barcelona 's 3-1 win over psg on wednesday . suarez scores his first of the night at the parc des princes - barcelona 's 1,000th goal in european competition . suarez nutmegs david luiz as he eases past the brazilian defender on his way to another stunning strike . luis suarez scores his second goal , sending psg goalkeeper salvatore sirigu the wrong way , to make it 3-0 . suarez celebrates his goal as psg 's players are left dejected after being unable to stop the uruguayan . the uruguayan international scored his first of the night after beating three psg defenders before firing the ball past goalkeeper salvatore sirigu . the barcelona frontman cheekily nutmegged david luiz before curling the ball into the top corner to net his second . suarez 's first goal was barcelona 's 1,000th in european competition and the la liga giants are currently the second highest scorers on the continent . real madrid are the top scorers in europe with 1,016 goals to their name , with bayern munich third on 823 strikes and juventus fourth having found the back of the net on 748 occasions . speaking after the match , suarez said : ' we were n't overly dominant . we played intelligently , and worked hard . ' when you play against an opponent like them you have to play with intensity to get the win . we knew we had to win . there 's 90 minutes still to go and nothing is sorted , but we have a good advantage . '