five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down ' the super slide ' at the sydney royal easter show on saturday night , despite the slide being closed after heavy rain made it too dangerous . it is understood a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide after it was closed earlier in the night due to fears the heavy rain would make the slide particularly slippery . scroll down for video . five staff members left the royal easter show with serious injuries after taking a joy ride on the closed super slide . the easter show 's chief operating officer michael collins told fairfax the slide ' runs way too fast in the wet ' and that 's why it was closed as soon as the weather turned . it is reported the group were travelling at such great speeds that they were unable to stop and broke through the barricade at the bottom of the ride . a 22-year-old woman broke both her legs , a 60-year-old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding while a 23-year-old woman also broke her leg and a 33-year-old man possibly broke his arm . three of the contractors escaped without injury . officials closed the ride earlier that night after deciding heavy rain made the ride particularly dangerous . the 22-year old woman and the 60-year-old man required emergency medical treatment and were taken to westmead hospital , while the others sought treatment at concord hospital . the slide underwent a safety check sunday morning and was cleared for use , as long as there was n't another downpour . the thrill seekers were travelling at such great speeds they were unable to stop eventually running into a barricade at the bottom of the slide . mr collins said although he hopes the employees have a quick recovery , it was their disregard for safety instructions that got themselves into this situation . ' i want to reinforce the message that you should be abiding by directions , if the train station is closed , you do n't climb over onto railway tracks , it is a shame that people have taken it upon themselves to do so on this occasion . ' 