they are the homes provided to give those less fortunate members of our society a roof over their heads . but with the cost of maintenance and repairs to damaged public housing nearing $ 13 million a year in nsw alone , the state government has had enough and is planning to make tenants pay a bond before they move in . communities minister brad hazzard said it was a ' very likely possibility ' the plan would be implemented in the near future . ' the critical argument for it is that at the moment the maintenance costs , including damage from poor tenancy , are in the order of approximately $ 12-13 million per year , ' mr hazzard told daily mail australia . a picture from the nsw department of family and community services shows damage to public housing . public housing tenants will pay a bond under a nsw government plan to recoup losses from trashed properties . the state 's new community services minister brad hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $ 12 million . mr hazzard added that he was unsure as to why public housing tenants have never been made to pay a bond similar to that paid by private renters . ' i 'd like to see at least a reasonable portion of that money saved and put into more public housing . we have very long public housing tenancy waiting lists . ' mr hazzard , who took over the portfolio after the march election , said he was alerted to the fact public housing tenants do n't pay a bond when consulting with workers in the field . he added that introducing a bond was not a new idea or ' rocket science ' . ' my job is to make sure i use taxpayers money very wisely and maximise the opportunities for public housing for other people that wait years , ' mr hazzard said . the minister said it would most likely be a one month bond , paid off over six months to a year . he said it would be possible to make exceptions in certain circumstance – for example women escaping domestic violence . mr hazzard added public housing tenants were already liable for damage but ' they do n't have the money ' . pictured is a trashed public housing property in hornsby , in the northern suburbs of sydney . mr hazzard , who took over the portfolio after the march election , said he was alerted to the issue when consulting with workers in the field . damage can also be seen to the garage door , and the backyard is piled up with junk . ' generally it 's very hard to retrospectively try to get money from tenants when they 've moved out , ' he said . ' this is about sending a forward message , a very clear and upfront message , that you will be responsible for the damage . ' ned cutcher , policy officer at the nsw tenants ' union , said public housing tenants were already liable if they caused damage to properties . ' tenants are always liable for the damage they cause , the question of the bond is really just about making sure there 's a little bit of money there so landlords can have ready access to money , ' mr cutcher said . ' i do n't think the government should be looking at that in the same way as private landlord , who might struggle to cover costs . ' the government landlord is n't going to find themselves in a situation where they 're going to be short of cash . ' mr cutcher added that damage was often unfairly attributed to tenants . green mouldy bread and stacks of filthy dishes seen piling up in the kitchen that has n't been cleaned . mr hazzard said the bond would be able to be paid in instalments . ' they may not have the money to pay it in one hit , that 's understandable , ' he said . ' some of those photos indicate something else is going on , properties are being vandalised it 's not just people not looking after their properties , ' he said . ' tenants are usually very happy to have a social housing property , something they can afford , and it sure beats homelessness so they 'll look after it on the whole . ' problems occur when properties are left vacant for too long , and that 's not an issue that can be solved by hitting tenants up for more money . ' mr cutcher added : ' households who are entering social housing tenancy are facing a number of challenges , and one of those challenges is necessarily a financial one . ' and to place an additional financial burden on people under those circumstances should be a difficult decision for a minister to make . ' ned cutcher , policy officer at the nsw tenants ' union , said public housing tenants were already liable if they caused damage to properties . mr cutcher added that damage was often unfairly attributed to tenants , when houses were sometimes vandalised or left vacant for long periods of time . ' some of those photos indicate something else is going on , properties are being vandalised it 's not just people not looking after their properties , ' he said .   