aubrey de grey ( pictured ) says ageing is a ' disease that can and should be cured ' . with his rasputin beard and lines etched deep into his forehead , aubrey de grey looks like a man a lot older than his 51 years . a penchant for beer , fried food and an aversion to exercise could fool you into believing the lanky ex-public schoolboy cares little about ageing . but you would be wrong . for de grey , a charismatic harrow school and cambridge-educated biomedical theorist , firmly believes there is no reason , with the right ' therapies ' , why any of us should n't reach 500 , 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age . it sounds bonkers but de grey 's theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in silicon valley , the super-rich tech enclave in northern california that is home to more middle-aged billionaires than anywhere else on the planet . paypal boss peter thiel ( worth £1.5 billion ) donated £2.4 million to de grey 's anti-ageing institute strategies for engineered negligible senescence ( sens ) . senescence is scientific jargon for ageing . while many academics mock him , in age-obsessed california de grey now regularly breaks bread and funds his research with donations from some of the sharpest minds in the world , including google co-founders larry page and sergey brin ( who has talked of ' curing death ' ) and larry ellison , of oracle , who are all showing an interest in gerontology , or the study of ageing . google 's bill maris , who heads the computer giant 's investment arm , said : ' we have tools in the life sciences to achieve anything you have the audacity to envision . i hope to live long enough not to die . ' one source at a leading software company told the mail on sunday : ' de grey has tapped a rich vein in silicon valley . he 's become something of a controversial cheerleader for a generation of tech billionaires who have made their fortunes and now , of course , want to live for ever . ' de grey was raised in chelsea by his artist mother cordelia , who left him £11 million when she died in 2011 – £9 million of which he has invested in his company . he spent the remainder on a ' very nice house ' . he never knew his father and became fascinated by seeking a cure for ageing while still at harrow . scroll down for video . ' ageing is a disease that can and should be cured , ' he says . ' i 've been ridiculed but finally people are starting to come round to my way of thinking . anyone who has ever wanted to change the world has been attacked . gandhi said first they ignore you , then they ridicule you , then they fight you and then they say , `` we were with you all along '' . ' de grey 's radical thesis is that ageing can be halted and even reversed by treating the human body like a vintage car – ' replace the parts , clean it up , keep it running smoothly way past its expected expiration date ' . his argument is that cellular decay causes ageing , illness and , ultimately , death , and that technologies being developed now and inventions in the future will allow us to repair and replace damaged body parts at a cellular level – leading to virtual immortality . people will still die in accidents and from suicide , ' but there is no reason that someone living today should n't live to 500 , 1,000 years . as the technologies improve , lifespans will increase ' , says de grey . he believes the first person who will live to be 1,000 has already been born , and cites research that has dramatically extended the lives of mice , worms and fruit flies as proof science is ' catching up ' with his theories that therapies which will genetically alter , replace and repair the cells in our bodies will be the key to eternal life . he accuses the majority of us of being in a 'pro-ageing trance ' , content to accept ageing and death as inevitable , while the reality is that technology will , within two decades , he says , have advanced far enough that we can replace and repair faulty genes , ' clear out the gunk around cells ' and rejuvenate our bodies . it sounds fanciful but as he talks , it is clear that de grey is empowered by the support of the silicon valley billionaires . ' it is a good feeling to finally be getting validation , ' he admits . many academics have dismissed his theories as pie in the sky . it should be noted that much of what he says is theoretical and , critics point out , de grey has never actually done any practical lab work . de grey and his biologist wife adelaide ( pictured ) have an unconventional marriage and he admits to having ' two younger girlfriends ' . nir barsilai , director of the institute for aging research at the albert einstein college of medicine , said : ' based on the biology that we know today , somewhere between 100 and 120 there is a roof in play and i challenge if we can get beyond it . ' the oldest human to date was frenchwoman jeanne calment , who died in august 1997 at the age of 122 years 164 days . de grey has been mockingly compared to a ' messiah ' figure because of his flowing facial hair , and heads turn in the airport bar as he bangs his glass on the table and loudly pronounces that '150,000 people die every day worldwide and of those people , two-thirds die of ageing one way or another . that 's 30 world trade centers every day . if i bring forward the cure for ageing by one day i 've saved 100,000 lives ' . de grey is notoriously eccentric . he refuses to carry a mobile phone ( 'anti-social , nasty things ' ) and has never learned to drive due to a ' mental block ' . ' cars can kill people without it being the driver 's fault , ' he says . he gives interviews to ' spread the word ' and has written several anti-ageing books . last year he featured in a critically acclaimed independent movie , the immortalists . de grey and his biologist wife adelaide , 19 years his senior , have an unconventional marriage and he cheerfully admits to having ' two younger girlfriends ' , aged 45 and 24 . is n't juggling the needs of three women enough to age any man prematurely ? he laughs : ' it keeps me busy . ' critics argue that if he is right and we all live longer , the world 's resources will be stretched by overpopulation , but he hits back by saying : ' society will adapt . people will have fewer children . ' what about the cost of keeping so many people alive ? ' people will continue to contribute to society because they will be healthier and more productive . ' when people think about longevity they forget about the health and then they start to think this whole thing is morally questionable . it might be technologically fanciful but all we do is medical research . i work on stopping people from getting sicker as they get older . the by-product of that is longevity . ' i have no idea if i will live to 100 . i do know i 'd like to have the chance to live to 100 when i am 99 rather than having that choice removed from me by declining health . '