an agency is offering cash bonuses to eastern european lorry drivers because they can not find britons to take up the jobs . truckers from bulgaria , poland and romania , who already work in the uk , are being offered £100 for each driver they manage to lure into britain from their home country . employment agency mainline is offering the incentive to any worker who refers a qualified class a hgv driver to undertake work for four weeks . truckers from bulgaria , poland and romania who already work in the uk are being offered £100 by employment agency mainline ( pictured ) to lure drivers from their home country to work in britain . the company did try a recruitment drive to attract lorry drivers from cornwall to their base in swindon . but they say they were forced to look further afield when that scheme failed . this is despite there being 3,000 jobless residents in swindon . around 4.5 per cent are also unemployed across the south west . the vacancy crisis will re-ignite claims that britain’s generous welfare system has created a generation unwilling to work , while acting as a magnet for foreigners . debbie jameson , from mainline , said those who arrive from eastern europe are willing to work ' as many hours as they can ' - something which she said british workers are less keen to do . she said : ' we do n't just recruit drivers , we also recruit for permanent roles , call centre roles , industrial roles - everything . ' but it 's mainly the skilled workers which we 've been struggling to recruit . numbers of hgv drivers have been dwindling over the years for various reasons . ' ms jameson said one of the deterrents is the £2,000 outlay that is needed to get a lorry-driving licence . she said many still struggle to get jobs after that , because they are newly qualified drivers and do not have any experience . mainline said it will offer to help workers from overseas find accommodation and settle into a new life in the uk . it will also provide them with courses so they have the chance to familiarise themselves with british roads , customs and culture . the company did try a recruitment drive to get lorry drivers to relocate from cornwall to their base in swindon . but they were forced to look further abroad when that scheme failed ( file picture ) . she said : ' as numbers dwindled , we needed to use a bit of ingenuity . so we asked our workers to help us do our jobs by using their contacts in these countries to help fill these positions . ' we also offer it throughout the uk , and it used to be we 'd have drivers from scotland and cornwall and wales come to work in swindon . we 'd find them accommodation and help them settle in , but even that has dried up . ' in places like romania , bulgaria and poland , the standard of living is far lower and wages are lower , and they can come over here to work . ' even though the cost of living is quite high , the people who come to work are men , and they are here to make as much money as possible to support their families . ' it also means they are quite flexible and want to work as many hours as they can , which is something many people here do n't want to do . ' work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith previously claimed that the last labour government’s ‘open-door’ policy led to a huge influx of low-skilled migrant workers while its welfare system disincentivised britons to work . many employers have expressed concerns that they can not get britons to do manual jobs because they feel it is not the kind of work they want . oppositely , in eastern european countries , the average wage is around £7,000 - meaning workers can earn almost double that in the uk , even on a minimum wage . they would also have their wages topped up with tax credits - seen as a major attraction for eu migrants - and housing benefit . in november last year , the uk’s biggest sandwich maker said it was recruiting hundreds of workers from eastern europe for the same reason . bosses from greencore group , which supplies marks & spencer , waitrose , sainsbury’s , tesco and asda , flew to hungary today in search of staff for its new factory . allyson russell , greencore’s human resources director , said the company had tried to recruit in the uk , but that it was ‘ not always the kind of work’ which people wanted to do . last year , the mail found british companies had placed almost 8,000 job adverts trying to recruit romanian nurses , taxi drivers and hotel staff .