a motorist known as mr x who spent five years trying to dodge a £60 speeding fine has been jailed for perjury and perverting the course of justice . the driver , who is named ashley x after changing his surname by deed poll , was caught on camera driving his honda sports car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the m11 in essex in 2009 . instead of coughing up a fixed penalty fine , he initially ignored essex police 's attempts to confirm who was driving the car before making up a series of stories to shift the blame , essex police said . the driver was caught on camera driving his honda sports car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the m11 . pc roy keyes , from the force 's casualty reduction team , said : ' ashley x was determined to avoid paying the £60 fine and having three penalty points on his licence . ' but for five years he tried to deny the offence and committed two serious offences which ultimately led to him being sent to prison . ' x tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts , concocting various stories including that his cousin was driving , faking a letter from that cousin purportedly confirming this and claiming this cousin had already paid the fine . after being found guilty of failing to provide a driver 's details he challenged the verdict at chelmsford crown court and the court of appeal but both claims were rejected . when police looked more closely at the case , they found the ' cousin ' who x claimed had been driving , and discovered he was in fact a friend , who never owned the car and denied writing any letter admitting that he had been the driver . the driver tried to convince authorities that his cousin was driving the car at the time of the offence . x , from ruislip , west london , finally admitted perjury and perverting the course of justice at ipswich crown court on thursday . judge martyn levett sentenced x to nine months imprisonment . he was also ordered to pay costs of £1,200 . essex police praised the crown prosecution service for its perseverance in bringing the case against the 35-year-old motorist . do you know mr x ? if so , please call darren boyle on ( 0203 ) 615 3247 or email darren.boyle @ mailonline.co.uk .