paris saint-germain star david luiz 's ' joker ' status in the dressing room at chelsea was well documented , and he teamed up with ezequiel lavezzi to play a prank on birthday boy zoumana camara . the £50million centre back was part of a duo who conspired to dunk the 36-year-old 's face into his cake on his special day as psg prepare for their ligue 1 trip to face marseille on sunday . camara , a fringe member of the squad this season , had an unexpected dip into his cake that left him with a faceful of it . paris saint-germain birthday boy zoumana camara poses with a cake at their training ground on friday . camara gets dunked into his birthday cake in a prank set up by his team-mates on friday afternoon . but the french defender soon had the cake all over his face thanks to jokers david luiz and ezequiel lavezzi . the frenchman posted on instagram saying : ' thank you all for your messages very happy to share my birthday with you . ' but luiz posted an ' after ' shot following the dunking , with the message : ' happy bday to my happy friend @ z.camara ! what a person ! love u my man ! all the best ! # felizaniversariomano ' . the french champions are still in with a shout of an unprecedented treble , sitting top of ligue 1 with eight games to go , in the semi-finals of the french cup and having reached the last eight of the champions league . luiz was known for his wind-up merchant status at chelsea and seems to have carried it on in paris . lavezzi was also involved in the prank ahead of psg 's trip to face marseille in ligue 1 on sunday . camara is a fringe player at psg and is unlikely to feature in what will be the biggest game of the season . but their abilities are certain to be tested on sunday night in a first vs third clash against marseille at a packed 67,394-capacity stade velodrome . a difficult april schedule makes it important that psg stay top of the table in marseille , having struggled to maintain a title challenge for much of the season . and while camara is unlikely to feature , both luiz and lavezzi could have key roles in the biggest game of the french season so far .