a new york city doorman says he 's been fired for being too good at his job . ralph body , up until march 29 , manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in long island city , queens . the 41-year-old told the new york post he ' gave his life ' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked -- all while keeping a cheerful smile on his face . but that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants -- by taking care of pets and watering plants , among other chores -- did n't sit well with the 2-year-old building 's management , body says . ' they said , ' we know you did it for the right reasons , but unfortunately ... you 're too nice to the tenants , '' he told the post . too nice ? queens doorman ralph body was a smiling fixture in the lobby of the luxury 27 on 27th building in long island city , but was fired for , according to him , being too nice . when body insisted he only did what was asked of him , he says his employers with heatherwood communities said it did n't matter . ' unfortunately , in this case , nice guys finish last , ' body says his higher-up told him . according to the post , the tenants who so adored body have now taken up his cause with a petition to get him reinstated to his job . ' most tenants , especially those who have lived in the building since it opened , can attest to ralph 's kindness and eagerness to make people feel safe and welcome , ' the petition reads . ' the ruthlessness of ralph 's termination is disgusting , unjust , and disheartening . from day one , ralph has gone above and beyond his duties . yes , rules and regulations must be followed , but heatherwood is more than capable of providing coaching and counseling to ensure the best possible outcome for its tenants and staff . ' management company heatherwood communities says body broke the rules . body says he only did what was asked of him , like cleaning cat litter , taking care of pets and watering plants . the petition , on ipetitions.com , had received 72 of its goal of 250 signatures by sunday evening . now he waits , though body could soon get a new job through his staffing company pbs facility services . most tenants in body 's corner blame the building management and not the staffing company for the concierge 's termination . the post reports . but heatherwood , in an email sent to tenants , says that 's not the case . ' it was recently brought to our attention that ralph did not follow pbs 's policies and procedures and after being spoken to several times , it was their decision to reassign him to another building , ' says the letter , which was obtained by the post .  