a leading australian military adviser who worked for the federal government , the raaf and governor-general sir peter cosgrove in east timor has been arrested in the us on child pornography charges . dr adam cobb was taken into custody on friday in portsmouth , new hampshire , for receipt and distribution of child pornography after allegedly uploading images of child pornography to the social networking site , tumblr . if convicted he faces 20 years ' jail in the us . dr adam cobb was taken into custody on friday in portsmouth , new hampshire , for receipt and distribution of child pornography after allegedly uploading images of child pornography to the social networking site , tumblr . the 45-year-old was in the us working as a research professor and director at the prestigious us naval war college in rhode island . cobb took up the position at the us naval war college in june last year after holding senior military and government roles in australia and the us , including a recent strategic policy and planning position at us special operations command in tampa , florida . ' i can confirm that he was a civilian employee and director of the mahan advanced research project at the us naval war college , ' captain christopher dicomitis , a rhode island state police detective , told aap on sunday . cobb appeared in the us district court in providence on friday and was refused bail . an investigation began in january when the national centre for missing and exploited children reported an individual in rhode island had uploaded child pornography to tumblr . the internet connection at cobb 's portsmouth home was identified as the origin of the images . cobb was in the us working as a director at the prestigious us naval war college in rhode island after holding senior military and government roles in australia , including the raaf . laptops and mobile phones were seized from his home , while photos and videos of two females were also discovered on a storage device and a computer allegedly belonging to cobb . educated at the university of sydney , australian national university and university of cambridge , cobb built a reputation as a leading military thinker . according to his biography on the us naval war college website , cobb worked on the 1999-2000 east timor crisis with major general cosgrove , who at the time was commander of the international peacekeeping mission . ' overall , my commanders and i found dr cobb 's work a valuable contribution to our understanding of important issues before us , ' maj gen cosgrove wrote in a review of cobb 's work as lead analyst for the australian parliament defence office . in australia he was special-director , strategic policy with the raaf ; senior defence adviser for the australian parliament ; an australian parliamentary fellow ; and research fellow at australian national university 's strategic and defence studies centre . cobb has also worked at the australian embassy in washington dc and was on the staff of former speaker of the us house of representatives nancy pelosi . dr adam cobb had worked for the federal government , the royal australian air force and governor-general sir peter cosgrove ( pictured ) in east timor .   