paul mcshane has told his hull team-mates it’s time they woke up and realised they are in a relegation battle . it might have been handy if someone had shared the message before they got off their bus in swansea on saturday . if hull do go down , and their final fixtures suggest it is a distinct possibility , then this will be among the missed opportunities they regret the most . what a curious sight to see steve bruce’s players so lethargic , disinterested almost , in the first half against a side with nothing tangible to play for . paul mcshane scores against swansea but hull still fell to a 3-1 defeat at the liberty stadium on saturday . hull defender mcshane is keeping faith that the tigers will avoid relegation despite a tough run of games . hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league . stranger still when you consider their final seven games include fixtures against southampton , liverpool , arsenal , tottenham and manchester united . they didn’t manage a shot on target until they were two goals behind and , as they did against chelsea a fortnight ago , they waited until the game was almost out of sight before stringing a few passes together . that won’t cut it on this run-in and mcshane , whose goal briefly had hull in the game at 2-1 , knows it . he said : ‘it’s like we need to go 2-0 down to get going and that’s not great from our point of view . bafetimbi gomis lifts the ball over hull goalkeeper allan mcgregor to seal a 3-1 victory for swansea . gomis celebrates his second goal of the afternoon to push hull close towards the relegation zone . ‘ the situation is worrying . it’s always worrying when you are down there because there are always twists and turns in the last few weeks . ‘ this has got to be a massive wake-up call because it’s all right when you are a few places above the relegation zone but you look at the points difference and it’s nothing really , a weekend can change it . ‘ we are definitely bang in it . it’s always the same , every year there are teams that put runs together and others who get dragged into it . gomis unleashed a thunderous overhead kick before half-time to capitalise on some poor hull defending . david meyler 's red card left hull in a difficult position , when they were threatening to get back into it . ‘ we have to realise that we are fighting for every point . we need to sort it out . ’ ki sung-yueng put swansea ahead and bafetimbi gomis scored a brilliant bicycle kick for 2-0 . mcshane got hull back in the game before david meyler was sent off and gomis finished the job in stoppage time . the frenchman has now scored eight times this season but it remains to be seen if he stays beyond the summer following his agitations for a move in january . garry monk said : ‘ we can not afford to lose any quality players and bafe is a quality player . we are only looking to add which we have to do if we want to do well next season . ’