it may have been invented for students to use . but youngsters appear to be deserting facebook in droves because it is now so popular with their parents – and grandparents . almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts because they no longer see it as ‘cool’ . the trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures . nearly 60 per cent of britons aged over 55 now have a facebook account , according to research . facebook has even started running television adverts to entice the so-called ‘ silver surfers’ to join . now a survey of around 2,000 britons has revealed that it is having the opposite effect on youngsters . ‘ as parents are signing up , their children are logging off to maintain privacy , ’ said lord jim knight , chairman of online lobby group the tinder foundation . in the poll , a third of facebook users are said to have blocked a family member so they can no longer see their account or do not receive automatic updates . the survey did not take account of the number of youngsters who have effectively blocked their family members by refusing to add them as a ‘ facebook friend’ in the first place . one in ten people aged 16 to 34 signed up to other platforms so they could remain ‘ under the radar of their parents’ . but whilst youngsters may be leaving facebook , they are not giving up on social media altogether . more than half said they had joined twitter , where only 13 per cent of ‘ silver surfers’ said they have accounts . meanwhile , about 40 per cent of youngsters use the picture-sharing website instagram , according to the study commissioned by halifax and carried out by opinium research . logging off : nearly a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their facebook accounts because they no longer see it as ‘cool’ . around the same proportion use snapchat , a social media platform which automatically deletes messages shortly after they are sent . the picture was very different among the over-55s . just three percent have an instagram account and even fewer – around one percent – use snapchat . the way people use these different social platforms is also changing . around a fifth of those aged 16 to 34 use their smartphones at family dinners , posing a threat to the precious mealtimes that used to be the cornerstone on family life . by comparison , just one percent of silver surfers use their smartphones during a meal with their offspring . 