shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a melbourne nightclub just before the easter long weekend . police say the man had been ejected from the club late thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind . police have expressed their ' disgust ' over the incident while the 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries , the abc reports . scroll down for video . shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a melbourne nightclub just before the easter long weekend . it is believed two men had been removed from the venue on swanston street when they allegedly assaulted two male staff members at about 10.13pm . police say the pair , aged 27 and 36 , sustained minor facial injuries when they left the club but did not require hospital treatment . at about 10.53pm , one of the men returned and stabbed the north melbourne man in the back before running from the scene . detective senior constable alex brgoc told the abc ' it was disgusting watching the footage ' . ' the security guard involved was n't even involved in the initial ejection . he had his back turned so he had no opportunity to defend himself , ' he said . police have released cctv footage of the incident , as one of the men is described as having a solid build and dark hair . he was wearing a blue/purple t-shirt , jeans and runners . the second man is described as having a solid build , about 180cm tall with brown hair . he was wearing a maroon t-shirt and dark-coloured pants . police say a man had been ejected from the club late thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind . in a separate incident , early on good friday , another security guard was stabbed in melbourne . police believe a 24-year-old man was refused entry into a nightclub on queens street at about 4.30am when he then allegedly slashed one of the bouncers in the leg and fled . the injured security guard and his colleagues chased after the south melbourne man to the corner of collins street where an alleged assault took place between the two parties . the 24-year-old suffered serious injuries and was taken to the alfred hospital where he remains in a stable condition . the security guard suffered a minor slash wound but did not require any medical treatment . anyone with any information about either of the stabbings should contact crime stoppers on 1800 333 000 .