pensioners aged over 75 will be guaranteed same-day appointments with their gp , as part of tory plans for a huge cash injection for the nhs . david cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service . this is the figure named by nhs boss simon stevens as the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the health service’s accounts over the next five years . david cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service . prime minister said last night he was ‘ utterly committed’ to health service . the move is designed to demolish cynical labour claims that the tories would ‘ cut the nhs to the bone’ and will mean ‘ at least’ an extra £8billion a year for the nhs by 2020 . the prime minister said last night he was ‘ utterly committed’ to the health service . however , the promise that all over-75s will get a guaranteed same-day gp appointment will raise eyebrows among critics who say gps are already struggling to cope . health secretary jeremy hunt last year announced a plan to ‘ train and retain’ an extra 5,000 gps , which tory sources said last night would allow them to deliver the same-day pledge . the royal college of gps welcomed the move as a ‘ good start’ , but warned that , on current trends , an extra 8,000 gps would be needed by 2020 just to stand still . mr hunt said : ‘ the nhs has set out its vision for how we best improve the health service for patients , and today we are backing that plan with the money it needs . but we can only have a strong nhs if we have a strong economy . ‘ we need to do much more to ensure our vulnerable elderly can be treated in the community . that is why we are building on our decision to bring back named gps for the over-75s by ensuring that , as part of this , they are guaranteed a same-day gp service when they need it . health secretary jeremy hunt last year announced a plan to ‘ train and retain’ an extra 5,000 gps . ‘ this means family doctors can focus on giving elderly people the care they need , and prevent unnecessary trips to hospital . ’ the guarantee will build on the new ‘ proactive care programme’ , which requires gps to offer a priority service to their most vulnerable 2 per cent of patients . the decision to back the ‘ stevens plan’ is designed to neutralise labour attacks on the issue . mr cameron said the commitment to find the money would be included in next week’s conservative party manifesto . referring to the care given to his late son ivan , the prime minister said : ‘ as someone who has been supported by the nhs at the most difficult time in my life , i’m utterly committed to ensuring it is there for everyone when they need it too . ‘that’s why i’m backing the nhs’s own plan with the cash required to ensure it can continue to deliver an amazing service to patients and their families in the future . ’ the tory move will pile pressure on labour to put its money where its mouth is on the nhs . this week , labour health spokesman andy burnham said he could not commit to mr stevens’s five-year plan , adding : ‘i’m not in the business of making false promises or giving cheques to the nhs that will bounce a few days after the election . ’ tory sources last night insisted the money could be found through efficiency savings and the proceeds of economic growth . they pointed to official figures showing that nhs spending has increased by £7billion in real terms since 2010 , despite the austerity programme . a source said : ‘ we have delivered a £7billion increase even when the economy was really struggling from labour’s recession in the first few years . now we have got years of economic growth forecast , so it is do-able and we will do it . ’