bayern munich 's treble ambitions are put to the test on wednesday in the german cup quarter-final when their injury-hit side travel to in-form bayer leverkusen . the bavarians , runaway leaders in the bundesliga and through to the champions league last eight where they face porto later this month , are eager to repeat their 2013 treble-winning campaign as the season enters its final stretch . a 1-0 league victory at borussia dortmund on saturday despite a string of absences was crucial to boost their confidence ahead of the cup game , goalkeeper manuel neuer said . bayern munich goalkeeper manuel neuer celebrates after the 1-0 win against borussia dortmund on saturday . neuer made a spectacular in injury time from a marco reus free kick to ensure the three points . ' the 1-0 victory was a very good sign for us , ' neuer , who made a spectacular save in stoppage time to protect their slim lead , said . ' we have to try to carry this momentum to our game at leverkusen . ' bayern were without wingers franck ribery and arjen robben as well as david alaba , who tore a knee ligament and will be out for about two months . they were also missing defender holger badstuber , forcing coach pep guardiola to overhaul his team and play a new-look midfield with captain philipp lahm , xabi alonso and bastian schweinsteiger . ' i would have liked to have played differently but i have to adapt the system to my players , ' said guardiola . neuer advances from his line to beat reus to the ball during the clash at signal iduna park . manager pep guardiola is having to content with a number of injuries ahead of the german cup quarter-final . guardiola , in his second season in charge after winning the domestic double last year , will have the chance to slightly alter his system again with midfielder thiago alcantara making a comeback on saturday after more than a year out injured . the addition of the skilled spain international is undoubtedly a major asset ahead of leverkusen , who crushed hamburg sv 4-0 in their league game on saturday . ribery could also be back in time for wednesday 's game , providing guardiola with more punching power . leverkusen , eager to remain in the top four to secure yet another champions league campaign next season , have won their last five bundesliga games without conceding a goal as they hit top form . former barcelona midfielder thiago alcantara made his first appearance for a year against dortmund . ' we want to advance but we know it will be hard , ' leverkusen 's gonzalo castro said . ' we know what we can do and we can play with confidence . our counter attacks are extremely fast and good . after our 4-0 win and five straight victories our confidence is very high . ' in another all-bundesliga clash borussia dortmund , finalists last season , take on hoffenheim on tuesday eager to edge closer to the final and a possible european spot after a dismal league showing this season . vfl wolfsburg face freiburg and borussia moenchengladbach take on third-tier arminia bielefeld in the other two quarter-finals .