brendan rodgers has launched an impassioned defence of his abilities , insisting there is nobody better equipped to manage liverpool under the fenway sports group model . it has been a difficult week for rodgers , with the meek manner of last sunday’s 2-1 defeat by aston villa in the fa cup semi-final ensuring his position has come under scrutiny like at no point during his three-year reign at the club . fsg , liverpool’s owners , maintain rodgers’ job is not even up for discussion but that has not stopped jurgen klopp – who will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the campaign – being mentioned as a possible successor . brendan rodgers insists he is the man to guide liverpool to success despite a disappointing season . the liverpool manager is under pressure following the fa cup semi-final defeat by aston villa last sunday . but rodgers has been boosted by the news that jordan henderson ( left ) has committed his future to the club . but rodgers has not been rattled by the intensity of the criticism nor is he dwelling on the disappointment . he is concentrating on building liverpool back up and wants the club to be ' really forceful ' when they embark on their summer recruitment drive . ‘ after the weekend there is always emotion , ’ said rodgers , who will again be without daniel sturridge at west brom and is ' unsure ' when he will return . ‘ when you lose a big game this is when you find out you are at a big club because the critics come after you . ‘ three months ago , i was a tactical genius . now i have lost a couple of games and it is not so good . ‘ that is something you have to deal with . when i sit down and look at it , i will hold myself up against anyone to manage this club and to fit the model of what they ( fsg ) want . i am super ambitious in terms of wanting to win and there will be no greater place to do that than here . ‘ of course in modern football there are lots of processes that go on behind the scenes that people will never be aware of . in terms of what we are trying to do , i do not see anyone better in terms of the hand we were given . we are here to win . we do not want to be “ nearly men” . ‘ there is no-one more ambitious . if there comes a time when that is not the case and we move on , there will be no-one who respects the owners more than me . but christ , no , i will fight for my life . if i can get the tools here to help us , we can be really successful . ’ henderson ( left ) is ' over the moon ' after signing new long-term contract at anfield worth over £100,000 a week . the former sunderland player hopes raheem sterling ( pictured ) will follow his lead and commit his future . liverpool have identified a number of targets , principally psv eindhoven’s memphis depay but they must trump manchester united ; burnley striker danny ings and manchester city’s james milner are attractive bosman options but the feeling is the club need to make a statement of intent . ‘we’ve enough potential and players we can develop and improve , ’ said rodgers . ‘ but it is definitely starters we need and we have to be really forceful to get ( them ) . ’ there was some good news for rodgers after jordan henderson completed the formalities of signing his new five-year contract , which is heavily incentivised and worth more than £100,000 per week . liverpool’s vice captain said he was ' over the moon ' to conclude the talks , which began at the start of the season and were successfully negotiated by his agent , neil fewings . he now hopes raheem sterling will follow suit and commit to liverpool’s future like him , sturridge and philippe coutinho . sterling , who told bt sport criticism of his contract talks have been going ' in one ear and out the other ' , will resume negotiations at the end of the season . ‘ raheem is a good friend of mine and he just has to do what he thinks is best , ’ said henderson . ‘ but , if i was giving him advice , i would say : `` this is liverpool '' – i think this is best place for him . that decision is up to him . he is a fantastic player for us . i hope he stays here and develops with us . ' 