the u.s. put the first man on the moon , but in a strange twist of history it appears the russians may have beat america in settling oregon . experts proposed this new theory in a recently released 200-page report on the molalla log cabin , a structure they believe could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before lewis and clark reached the pacific ocean . historic building repairer gregg olson and architectural historian pam hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years and say it is unlike anything else found in oregon . secrets hidden in wood : experts believe the molalla log house ( above ) was constructed as early as 1795 - a decade before lewis and clark reached the pacific ocean . one of a kind : the construction of the log cabin is unlike pioneer building methods at the time - suggesting it was instead made by foreigners . russians in america : historic building repairer gregg olson and architectural historian pam hayden believe the house could have been used by a small settlement of russians sent to the willamette valley as farmers to feed fur traders in alaska . passion project : gregg olson ( pictured ) , of historic building repair , has spend seven years working on the molalla log cabin . the cabin 's intricate construction is not consistent with pioneer building methods , suggesting it was created by foreigners , and more specifically russians . the way the logs are tightly interwoven , secured without nails and leaving no gaps to fill , is similar to russian log cabins of the same time period , when catherine the great was sending envoys to alaska to boost the fur trade . olson and hayden hypothesize that the 18-foot-wide cabin could have been a home for a small group of 10 to 50 russian settlers sent to oregon 's willamette valley as farmers to feed the fur trappers on alaska 's kodiak island . looking for a home : above , a view of the cabin before its roof collapsed and it was moved indoors in 2008 . olson and hayden are currently trying to find a permanent place to house the cabin . the first mobile home : olson discovered that the original builders of the cabin wrote numbers into the boards , so that the structure could be disassembled and reassembled . expert craftsmanship : the boards fit perfectly together so that nothing is needed to fill in the gaps and winterize the structure for winter . many uses : throughout its storied life , the molalla log cabin has been used as a home , animal shelter , machine shed and granary . preserved : the structure was made a historical landmark in 1991 and moved in doors in 2007 when the wood was starting to succumb to the elements . current home : above , the structure as it sits today in a storage facility where olson has been working to preserve the cabin . ' the unique construction and extraordinary craftsmanship of the molalla log house offer fascinating clues to a mystery that we did n't even know existed about the earliest white exploration and settlement of the pacific northwest , ' peggy moretti , executive director of restore oregon , a non-profit helping fund the research , told the oregonian . ' it may well add a new chapter to our history and we hope more evidence will be uncovered to further substantiate pam and gregg 's very compelling theory , ' moretti added . olson and hayden are now hoping to find a permanent location to house the structure , as well as someone with a deeper knowledge of european construction to analyze the cabin . russian expansion : russian merchant grigory shelikhov founded a fur trading settlement on kodiak island in 1784 . above , a rendering of the port . business on the alaska frontier : above , a 1794 drawing of the russian fur trading post in kodiak , alaska . tsarina : russia 's catherine the great encouraged the expansion of her empire to alaska for fur trading . above , a map shows where russian traders set up fur trading business in alaska , and their possible farming settlement near molalla oregon . throughout its storied life , the molalla log cabin has been used as a home , animal shelter , machine shed and granary . it was made a historic landmark in 1991 and moved to a storage facility in 2008 to protect it from further erosion . the oldest evidence of habitation in are the fort rock and paisley caves in lake county , oregon , which date back 13,200 years . by 8,000 bc there were settlements throughout the state . the first europeans to venture to oregon were led by spanish explorer juan rodriguez cabrillo in 1543 . by the 1770s , oregon had become a valuable port for trading to asia . in the wake of lewis and clark 's expedition , which reached the pacific ocean in november 1805 , french canadian trappers and missionaries started arriving in the eastern part of the state . their presence in oregon 's early pioneer history is evidence in the many french names throughout the state including malheur lake , the grade ronde and deschutes rivers and the city of la grande . 