hilary border , 54 , stole £20,000 from her dementia-stricken mother , pictured outside nottingham crown court . a ' wicked ' daughter who stole £20,000 from her dementia-stricken mother and spent it on herself instead of paying care home fees has been spared jail . hilary border , 54 , from newark , nottinghamshire , had power of attorney over her 83-year-old mother dorothy 's affairs when her health deteriorated . the mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for the 83-year-old 's care but when it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid at all . care home staff tried to contact border over an outstanding £16,000 debt over two years before reporting her to police . she pleaded guilty to fraud on the basis she took £20,000 between october 2012 , and november 20 last year , despite the fact that prosecution said it was £39,500 . border was sentenced to 16 months in prison , suspended for two years , at nottingham crown court yesterday . judge andrew hamilton said : ' you stole money from your mum . you were trusted to be her power of attorney to deal with her money . ' it was wicked to steal from someone who was in a care home . ' the owners of the care home seem to have taken pity on your mum . others might not have been so charitable . ' she has dementia and does n't appreciate the wickedness of her daughter , how you have betrayed her trust and stolen her money . ' border was also made subject of an eight-month home curfew and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work . the court heard border 's mother suffered from angina , sclerosis of the liver and seriously low blood pressure . defence attorney ian way said border had taken a small amount of money to ease financial pressures in her own life and the fraud had then escalated . he added : ' she is 54 , of good character . ' she is thoroughly ashamed for what she has done and full of self-loathing.. ' border was sentenced to 16 months in prison , suspended for two years , at nottingham crown court ( pictured ) yesterday . 