rarely can a headline in a matchday magazine have been so prophetic : on pages 16 and 17 of the united review , next to a picture of ander herrera , screamed the words ‘ right place , right time’ . that hasn’t always been the case during the spaniard’s debut season at old trafford . between october 20 and february 17 , herrera was barely sighted and started just three of the 21 games manchester united played in that period , prompting much chatter about his place in the squad . it is no secret david moyes wanted to bring herrera to old trafford on deadline day in august 2013 but red tape scuppered his ambitions ; united pressed ahead with transfer after moyes was jettisoned but his inactivity prompted questions : did louis van gaal want him or rate him ? ander herrera , pictured with juan mata , netted a brace to ensure his side claimed the win against aston villa . herrera has established himself in louis van gaal 's first team plans after missing out in previous months . antonio valencia ( right ) congratulates two-goal hero herrera ( centre ) after the final whistle . the settling in process was not easy but the 25-year-old’s head has never dropped and in the interview with the club publication , herrera made it clear that a lack of action was never going to leave him at loggerheads with van gaal . ‘ i am very happy , he said . ‘ even when i wasn’t playing , i was also happy . i am at manchester united . i feel really lucky to be here . we have to respect his decision . he wants the best for us , the team and we have to follow him always . ’ herrera’s commitment was amply rewarded against aston villa . the brightest spark in a red jersey , he was certainly in the right place at the right time in the 43rd minute , when sweeping a terrific effort past brad guzan to set united on their way . his passing was slick , his movement was clever and it was appropriate he bookended this victory with united’s third in injury time ; it was fifth shot on target in the barclays premier league and , amazingly , his fifth goal . no wonder he left with acclaim from his manager ringing in his ears . ‘ i knew ander has a touch of class , ’ said van gaal . ‘ sometimes he was not composed at the right moment but now he has composure . scoring seven goals in a season when he hasn’t played so much ? i think that’s fantastic . ’