kent sprouse acknowledged almost immediately after he was arrested more than a decade ago that he killed a police officer and another man outside a dallas-area convenience store . a jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death , and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether sprouse was mentally ill at the time of the slayings in 2002 and should be spared the death penalty . no new appeals are pending as sprouse 's lethal injection scheduled for thursday evening approaches . he would be the fifth inmate executed this year in texas , the nation 's most active death penalty state . death row : kent sprouse gunned down ferris police officer marty steinfeldt , 28 , at a gas station outside of dallas before also shooting dead a customer , pedro moreno , 38 , in 2002 . sprouse was convicted of the death of ferris police officer harry marvin ' marty ' steinfeldt iii , who was shot outside the ferris food mart about 20 miles south of dallas . steinfeldt , 28 , was responding to a 911 call about a customer shot outside the store . witnesses said sprouse carried a shotgun into the store the afternoon of oct. 6 , 2002 , while he made a purchase and then walked outside and fired toward two men at a pay phone . he went to his car and appeared to have some trouble with it , then shot and killed a customer , pedro moreno , 38 , who was pumping gas nearby . as steinfeldt drove up , he was met with gunfire and hit twice under the arm where his vest did not protect him . he managed to fire 17 shots and wound sprouse in the chest , leg and hand . court records indicate that sprouse told an officer who accompanied him to a hospital that he believed moreno was an undercover officer , so he shot him . ' and i shot the other officer that was in uniform , ' sprouse said , according to the records . medical tests showed sprouse , a boone county , missouri , native , had taken illegal drugs within the previous 48 hours . ' he started hitting the meth and went crazy , ' jim jenkins , his lead trial lawyer in 2004 , recalled last week . ' even his family was afraid of him . ' kent sprouse , 42 , was sent to death row for a 2002 shootout at a ferris , texas , convenience store that killed police officer harry steinfeldt iii ( right ) andcustomer pedro moreno , whom sprouse had asked for help repairing his car . jurors rejected an insanity defense and pleas for a life prison term . sprouse was charged but not tried for moreno 's death . ' it was a senseless taking of two human lives , ' don maxfield , the now retired ellis county chief felony prosecutor who handled sprouse 's trial , said last week . ' it 's just a sad story all the way around . ' the u.s. supreme court in november refused to review sprouse 's case . ferris police chief sam love said he and several of his officers plan to be outside the huntsville unit prison thursday evening to show support for their deceased colleague . steinfeldt had been with the ferris department about two years after serving as a police officer in the army . ' i do n't think it 's too soon or too long or whatever , ' love said of sprouse 's scheduled lethal injection . ' my feeling is the criminal justice system has done its work and we can move on now . ' scene : sprouse is expected to be executed about 6 pm thursday in huntsville , more than 150 miles southeast of dallas , by lethal injection . the process is expected to take 15 to 30 minutes at most . texas department of criminal justice officials said a recent purchase of pentobarbital means they have enough of the sedative to carry out sprouse 's execution and three others set for this month . the state 's supply will need to be replenished for at least three other executions that are scheduled in may and june . death penalty states have found it increasingly difficult to acquire drugs as manufacturers , bowing to pressure from death penalty opponents , refuse to sell to state prison agencies for use in capital punishment .