we may not be able to hear it , but the earth is constantly oscillating and creating a hum that has been likened to the ring of a bell . it 's long been known that earthquakes and their seismic activity contribute to this ringing , but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role . as so-called short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves , which combine with long , more powerful waves dragging across the ocean 's floor to create the constant hum . it 's long been known that earthquakes contribute to making the earth ring like a bell , but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role . as short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves , which combine with long waves on the ocean 's floor to create a constant hum . earthquakes shake the planet in such a way that the earth can oscillate for months after the seismic event . this oscillation is caused by vibrations and researchers in the mid-1980s found the hum can drop as low as an e flat , 20 octaves below middle c on the musical scale . in the late 1990s , however , seismologists found that the planet does n't just oscillate following quakes , and instead is vibrating at extremely low frequencies all of the time . these vibrations are n't powerful enough to be detected by humans , but are strong enough to register on seismometers and similar . earthquakes shake the planet in such a way that earth can oscillate for months after the seismic event . this oscillation is caused by vibrations and researchers in the mid-1980s found that the hum can drop as low as an e flat , 20 octaves below middle c on the musical scale . in the late 1990s , seismologists found that the planet does n't just oscillate following quakes , and instead is vibrating at extremely low frequencies all of the time . a team of japanese and californian seismologists first suggested ocean waves may cause this hum in 2004 . using data from 2008 , a french team found that ocean waves colliding generate seismic activity , but these waves only take 13 seconds or less to complete a single oscillation . they did n't explain why slow seismic waves - which provide the most powerful bell-like ringing - can last for longer than 50 seconds . so the team studied the movement of ocean waves at the bottom of the seabed . as these long waves travel over the ocean floor they meet resistance , especially as they pass over the steep continental shelves , and this friction helps create long seismic waves , that oscillate much slower . a team of japanese and californian seismologists first suggested ocean waves may cause this constant hum in 2004 . they proposed that as ocean waves move in opposite directions and collide they create microseismic activity . but fabrice ardhuin , a senior research scientist at centre national de la recherche scientifique in france , and his team wanted to put this theory to the test . they began by studying and measuring seismic activity across the globe , including earthquakes , storms and the movement of ocean waves , throughout 2008 . during this time , two seismic events with magnitudes of 6.9 and 7.1 , took place on 3 march and 20 march . but the largest hum coincided with the strongest seismic waves during the johanna storm on 10 and 11 march . that storm generated waves with a peak period of 16 seconds that reached heights of up to 42ft ( 12.8 metres ) . during this storm , a spectrogram found energy levels reached 10 mhz , and lasted 36 hours . by looking at how much energy was generated by the storm , the researchers were able to conclude that the hum was caused by the storm , and was n't the remnants of seismic activity from the events . they could then look at the reasons why . ' ocean waves provide most of the energy that feeds the continuous vertical oscillations of the solid earth , ' said the researchers . during march 2008 two large seismic events took place . but the largest hum coincided with a johanna storm ( right ) . the storm generated waves with a peak of 16 seconds and heights of 42ft ( 12.8 metres ) ( left ) . from this , the team could conclude the hum was caused by the storm , and not leftover from the seismic events . using seismic readings from 2008 , a french team spotted that ocean waves colliding generate seismic activity , but these waves only take 13 seconds to complete a single oscillation . they did n't explain why slow seismic waves - which provide the most powerful bell-like ringing - can last for longer than 50 seconds . ' the hum contains periods longer than 30 seconds , and the primary and secondary peaks are centered around 15 and five seconds respectively . ' motions in all three bands are recorded everywhere on the planet and the team said they can provide information on both the solid earth structure , the ocean wave climate over the past century , and the properties of short period ocean waves . ' yet , the use of seismic data is limited because where and how ocean waves rock the earth is not known , in particular for the hum , ' continued the team . ' the hum is the least understood part of earth 's oscillations . ' using the 2008 data , mr ardhuin and his team spotted that ocean waves colliding generate seismic activity , but these waves only take 13 seconds or less to complete a single oscillation . the team then studied ocean waves at the bottom of the seabed . as these so-called long waves travel over the ocean floor ( stock image ) and continental shelves they create seismic waves that oscillate much slower . this means that earthquakes , colliding oceans and long waves all combine to create the earth 's hum . they did n't explain why slow seismic waves - which provide the most powerful bell-like ringing - can last for longer than 50 seconds . so the team studied the movement of ocean waves at the bottom of the seabed . these waves are known as long because they travel from the floor to the coast and back again . as these long waves travel over the ocean floor they meet resistance , especially as they pass over the steep continental shelves , and this helps create long seismic waves that oscillate much slower . this means that all three theories - earthquakes , colliding oceans and long waves - combine to create the earth 's hum . although the majority comes from the latter . the findings are published in geophysical research letters , a journal of the american geophysical union ( agu ) . mr ardhuin said that by measuring and understanding long , microseismic waves , researchers can learn more about how the earth is structured . ' now we know where this ringing comes from and the next question is : what can we do with it , ' he told the agu .