a pensioner who nearly choked to death on a pickled onion says his labrador saved his life – after jumping on his back to dislodge it from his throat . alan spencer , 67 , was tucking into his dinner when the pickled onion blocked his windpipe . he frantically tried to clear his throat , and after three minutes made his way to the door in a bid to get help from a passer-by . but he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life ‘ slipping away’ as he began to black out – in front of his labradors lexi and nancy . scroll down for video . man 's best friend : alan spencer from withernsea with his dog lexi who saved his life by jumping on his back when he passed out after choking on a pickled onion . thankfully 18-month-old lexi leaped into action and jumped on to the centre of alan’s back , dislodging the onion and saving her owner 's life . he said : ‘ people will say they are only animals and don’t know what they are doing , but lexi is so clever . ‘ she saved my life most definitely . if it wasn’t for her i honestly don’t think i would be here . if it wasn’t for her actions i would be dead – lying in that passageway dead . ’ the pensioner had been tucking into his dinner when he began choking and had begun to feel his ' life slipping away ' . alan , who lives on his own in withernsea , east yorkshire , was tucking into an early dinner of crispbreads with gherkins and pickled onions when he started to choke last thursday evening . lexi , a rare red-coloured labrador , and ten-month-old nancy began to get agitated as he leapt up and tried to clear his airway . retired club singer mr spencer staggered into the hallway in an effort to get to his front door for help , but his legs gave way and he fell face-first towards the floor . but 18-month-old lexi leaped into action and jumped with all fours onto the centre of alan 's back -dislodging the onion and saving her owner 's life . he recalled : ‘ all of a sudden out of the blue i felt this almighty crash on my back . lexi had just jumped straight up in the air and landed right in the middle of my back . all of a sudden the piece of skin shot out of my mouth and i could breathe again . ’ he added : ‘ my back hurt for two or three days afterwards – as did my throat – but i’m fine now . i’ve been spoiling them both since with treats , but every time i cough now lexi turns her head quickly . ’ 