the owner of the east village building that blew up last week and left two dead people could yet face criminal charges , it has emerged . nicholas figueroa , 23 , and moises locon , 26 , both died when the manhattan apartment building collapsed last thursday following a massive blast . investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion , with suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings . scroll down for video . the clean up continued yesterday at the site where several buildings collapsed following the ferocious blaze . a crane removes large pieces of debris as firefighters watch on from the roof of a neighbouring building . firefighters watch the clean up continue at the site of the explosion which killed two people . in august utility workers discovered the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped , it has emerged . nicholas figueroa ( left ) was killed in the explosion while on a date , while moises lucon ( right ) worked at the restaurant and was identified yesterday as the second victim . the new york post reported an investigation is now underway into possible gas tapping , with a criminal case expanded to include haria hrynenko , the building 's landlord . sources told the paper possible charges include second-degree manslaughter and reckless endangerment . the explosion at 121 second avenue in the east village set alight the property , while its neighboring buildings , 119 , 123 and 125 second avenue , were also engulfed before all three buildings completely collapsed to the ground , leaving a massive hole on the corner of the block at 7th street . the medical examiner yesterday confirmed the identity of the second victim using dna analysis as that of restaurant worker moises locon . he had been working six days a week and his family said during his free time he enjoyed taking his nephew to a queens park . he was reported missing after the explosion and his body found days later . another 22 people were injured . meanwhile , in august , utility workers had discovered that the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped , according to consolidated edison . firefighters battle the flames following the explosion at 121 second avenue in the east village last week . the off-duty first responder reached the ground just in time , because just moments later the fire intensified . horror : looking towards the fire from astor place , flames could be seen reaching into the sky . the discovery led con edison to shut down gas service to the building for about 10 days while the building owner made repairs . gas service was restored after the utility deemed it safe , the utility said . inspectors from con ed visited that building about an hour before last week 's explosion and determined work to upgrade gas service did n't pass inspection , locking the line to ensure it would n't be used and then leaving , it was claimed . the work underway was to put in a bigger line to serve the entire building , con ed president craig ivey said . fifteen minutes later , the sushi restaurant 's owner smelled gas and called the landlord , who called the general contractor , chief of detectives robert boyce said . no one called emergency dispatch or con ed . the contractor , dilber kukic , and the owner 's son went into the basement and opened a door , and then the explosion happened , burning their faces , boyce said . kukic - who 's facing unrelated charges of bribing an undercover investigator posing as a housing inspector - declined through his lawyer to comment on the circumstances surrounding the explosion . firefighters continued to blast water at pockets of flames among the rubble the following day . photographs taken on friday showed three buildings entirely collapsed following the explosion . the city 's mayor said it could take up to a week for the rubble to be cleared from the explosion site . 