a cat who went missing after escaping a damaged crate after 14-hour flight from abu dhabi to new york about last week has been found . felix was discovered at jfk airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks . the cat 's owners , jennifer stewart , 31 , and her 34-year-old husband , joseph naaman , were left devastated after their beloved pet when missing from his damaged crate . jennifer stewart and husband , joseph naaman , pictured with their cat , felix , who disappeared april 1 . facebook updates : ms stewart updated her friends after hearing the news that felix the cat had been found . the couple had launched a desperate search for their pet after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from abu dhabi to new york . felix the cat was missing for more than two weeks after he escaped from his crate , which was damaged in transit . the two-year-old grey tabby 's crate was travelling in an airline-approved carrier but it was damaged so badly – apparently while being transferred from the plane – that felix was able to get out and run away . found ! felix the cat was discovered at jfk airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks . the releaved couple were alerted that a cat had been been found at the new york airport . the couple updated their facebook profiles to announce the good news . they wrote : ' felix has been found ! ! ! we got word earlier this evening that a cat had been humanely trapped in the area the scent dogs in last week 's search were most interested in ... and the cat is felix ! ! ! ! ' jennifer later added : ' joe picked him up at jfk and they are on their way home to princeton right now . so happy ! ! ! ! thanks to everyone for your help and positive energy these last two weeks ! we 're incredibly grateful for such love & support ! xo ' . jennifer and joseph never gave up hope and planned to return to the airport to search for felix . the couple was told that the plastic crate broke open after one of the ropes became tangled on something . at the time of the disappearance , jennifer had told mailonline travel that she was n't satisfied with the way felix 's crate was secured and transported on the etihad airways flight . she said his crate was tied down to a large metal pallet and cracked open , apparently when one of the straps got caught on something as it was being moved to a cargo bay after the april 1 flight . she said : ' to find out how he was transported , i was horrified , i was sick . they basically strapped him in like he was an old box . ' if i had known he was going to travel like that we would have looked for other alternatives . ' he is a part of our family . he 's like a dog . he plays fetch and hide and seek , and he 's the coolest little cat . ' jennifer was n't sure which company was responsible for transferring felix from the plane , but a cargo manager called her and her husband into an office after they landed to deliver the bad news . ' we were in shock that this happened . at first i thought he was going to tell me that [ felix ] died . ' he told me his cage was crushed . ' felix 's plastic pet carrier was tied down to a metal pallet while he was transported on the plane . felix the cat disappeared after his crate was damaged after a flight from abu dhabi to new york . while in abu dhabi she had spent weeks researching the best way to transport felix and she initially booked a ticket with a different airline , but there was a problem with the reservation and she was forced to switch to their flight and felix 's to etihad airways . jennifer , a yoga instructor , and joseph , a strategy consultant , couple spent $ 1,200 ( £800 ) to bring felix to the us with them after living in the united arab emirates for three years . they adopted him seven months ago after they found him wandering on the street in their abu dhabi neighbourhood , and they never gave any thought to leaving him behind . the couple adopted the two-year-old cat seven months ago after he was abandoned in their neighbourhood . jennifer and joseph have enlisted the help of a non-profit organisation to locate the cat at jfk airport . the couple never gave up hope that felix would be found , and sought help from a non-profit organisation , where is jack ? , which provided a dog that is trained to track down animals based on their scent . they had previously searched the airport , but were initially unable to access secure areas . an etihad airways spokesperson told mailonline travel at the time of the disappearance that it was investigating felix’s disappearance and continuing to search for the cat . the spokesperson said : ‘ we are working with the ground handlers and other third-party specialists , paid for by etihad airways , to locate the cat . etihad airways said it is working with ground handlers and 'third-party specialists ' to find the cat . ‘ we deeply regret this unfortunate incident and are keeping the owner apprised of the progress of the search . ‘ we will review our pet handling procedures in the wake of this incident , as the safety and care of pets travelling with etihad airways is a top priority . ’ etihad cargo carries more than 200 animals each year and it is ‘ extremely rare’ for one to escape , the spokesperson added .  