the adoptive grandparents of a texas toddler who died after a brutal beating last month are speaking out against the boy 's mother , who they say did n't do enough to protect her son from her boyfriend . christian tyrrell , 22 , was arrested wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the march 19 death of 2-year-old adrian langlais , the son of his girlfriend jessica langlais . john winkler and laura martinez considered themselves adrian 's grandparents , even though they were n't blood related to the little boy . martinez 's son - winkler 's stepson - started dating langlais when she was six-months pregnant with adrian and they continued to babysit the toddler when the two eventually broke up . in a heartbreaking interview with the star-telegram , the couple said they started noticing bruises on adrian last fall , when langlais started dating tyrrell , and say the mother ignored them when they voiced concern . eventually , they reported adrian 's injuries to child protective services , but the agency closed the investigation in february , ruling out abuse from adrian 's parents or tyrrell . a little over a month later , adrian was dead . scroll down for video . abused : christian tyrrell , 22 ( left ) , was arrested wednesday on charges of murdering 2-year-old adrian langlais ( right ) , the son of his girlfriend jessica langlais ( center ) . now winkler and martinez , who are now separated but remain friends , are working together to bring justice for the boy they considered family . while they are happy to see tyrrell 's arrest , both want cps and langlais held accountable for the role they played in adrian 's death . ' they left the child vulnerable . they made that decision and they made the wrong decision , ' winkler told the star telegram . winkler and martinez first met langlais in late 2012 , when she started dating martinez 's son . at the time , she was carrying adrian , her son with former boyfriend ulises hererra . when langlais gave birth three months later , winkler and martinez considered adrian their grandson and started babysitting when his mother went back to work . at one point , langlais broke up with martinez 's son and briefly got back together with adrian 's father . all the while , the couple continued their relationship with langlais in order to be a part of adrian 's life . but last fall , both became seriously concerned when they noticed bruises and other injuries on the little boy 's body after langlais started dating tyrrell . adrian ( right ) died in the hospital on march 19 , the day after his second birthday , from head trauma . tyrrell ( left ) has been accused of causing those injuries . ' i start noticing a change in adrian 's behavior , ' winkler said . ' he 's starting to hit me in the face . sometimes when she brings him over , he 's like in shock . … he clings to me . i 'm telling her [ langlais ] , `` i do n't know what the deal is but there 's something going on here . '' ' when they told langlais about the marks , she dismissed them saying he got them roughhousing with some other children at tyrrell 's mother house . after highlighting the injuries with hererra , the boy 's biological father , and a lawyer , the two decided to go against langlais ' wishes and make a report to cps on december 23 . three days later , they became even more concerned when tyrrell came over to their house to pick up adrian , and the boy appeared scared to leave . ' he immediately ran to me , grabbed me … and was holding on , ' winkler said . ' he would look over and look away from him , and he started crying . he dug into my arm with his little fingernails so much it broke the skin . ' and then tyrrell became angry when winkler told him he would drop the boy off himself when langlais got home . winkler says tyrrell went straight to langlais ' work , and she started sending winkler a slew of text messages , chastising him for not handing adrian over to her boyfriend . laura martinez ( left ) and john winkler ( right ) , who consider themselves adoptive grandparents of adrian , say they started noticing bruises on the boy in november , when langlais started dating tyrrell . ' john you ca n't make decisions like that . i am his mother , ' langlais texted winkler , in messages he shared with the star-telegram . ' and if you keep this up i 'm gon na have to make other arrangement for adrian . ' winkler went on to say that he loved adrian and was just trying to do what 's best for the boy . ' john i do n't appreciate you insinuating that christian is harmful to me and my child , christian loves adrian and is really good with him , ' langlais continued . ' adrian is frightened of him , that is a fact … i am concerned you do not realize it , ' winkler replied . ' that 's your opinion . please mind your own business , ' langlais said . shortly after that , langlais banned winkler from spending time with adrian . winkler says cps never called to interview him after he reported the potential abuse at the end of december , and says he had to follow up in order to speak to an officer about his concerns . in a meeting on february 9 , a cps worker assured winkler that the family was under investigation . but shortly after , the case was closed and adrian 's parents and tyrrell were cleared of any wrongdoing . winkler ( above ) made a report to child protective services at the end of december , but the case was closed in february with adrian 's parents and tyrrell being cleared of any wrong doing . then , just a month later on march 18 , adrian 's second birthday , the boy was rushed to the hospital after seizing in tyrrell 's care . healthcare workers at the hospital reported that the boy showed signs of severe head trauma including multiple skull fractures , bleeding on the brain and swelling around the eyes , neck and head . there was also bruises and bite marks on his body . he died the next day . in separate interviews with police , both adrian 's mother and tyrrell said that the boy started acting strange the day before , after tyrrell put the boy in a time out for not eating his lunch . langlais says she heard tyrrell yell at the boy after taking him into another room where his playpen was , and that adrian immediately stopped crying or making noise . ' you need to start acting better . you know you need to eat , ' tyrrell says he told the boy , according to police . he added that adrian was ' pretty pissed ' off after being spanked and put in time out . langlais says her boyfriend went back into the room about 10 to 20 minutes later and when adrian was brought out , he had bruises on his face and his eyes kept rolling back . tyrrell told his girlfriend and police that when he went back into the room , he found adrian laying on the ground outside of the playpen as if he had crawled out and fell backwards . that night , langlais says her son vomited and had a hard time standing on his own . and when she tried to feed him a slice of banana the next morning , he could n't keep food down . she last saw adrian when tyrrell dropped her off at work around 10:30am and the boy was leaning his head against the side of his car seat ' like he could n't move it ' and only opened his eyes when his mom came to kiss him goodbye . tyrrell 's version of events differs slightly from langlais ' , in that he claimed the boy could stand up and was acting normally after finding him on the ground next tot he playpen . he does admit that the boy later vomited and appeared ' sleepy ' but says the next morning adrian was awake , talking and ' having fun ' . while winkler and martinez are happy with tyrrell 's arrest , the two say they want to see cps and langlais held accountable for the role they plated in adrian 's death . internet searches reveal that tyrrell was more concerned that night than what he descirbed to police . just after 11pm on march 17 , someone searched on his phone ' how to tell if someone has went brain dead ' . similar searches continued that night and into the next morning , about head injuries , concussions , and ' toddler ca n't walk or use right side after hitting head ' . after dropping langlais off at work , tyrrell says he played with the boy back and home . around 1pm , 14 hours after his first suspicious cell phone search , tyrrell called 911 and told a dispatcher that he saw adrian ' stagger ' , fall and then roll his eyes . on wednesday , tyrrell was arrested on capital murder charges for allegedly inflicting injuries that caused adrian 's death . he is currently being held on $ 1million bond . in an attempt to bring adrian'smother and cps to justice , winkler has created a facebook page and written to multiple local politicians . while he is sad to lose adrian , winkler says he is comforted by the fact that the little boy can no longer be abused . ' to know he 's gone is breaking me , ' martinez said in a recent interview . ' but on the other hand , i 'm happy because he 's not here anymore . he did n't deserve the life these people were giving to him . i 'm glad he 's with god .  