former top gear host jeremy clarkson has decided against hosting bbc 's have i got news for you later this month . the tv personality was due to record the show , which he has hosted in the past , on april 23 to be broadcast the following day . the recording would have marked his first appearance for the bbc since being dismissed for hitting top gear producer oisin tymon in a ' fracas ' at a hotel over dinner . scroll down for video . jeremy clarkson will not be hosting an episode of have i got news for you later this month , according to the show 's producers , though they expect him to return to the show later in the year . jimmy mulville , managing director of hat trick productions , said : ' on reflection , jeremy clarkson has decided not to host have i got news for you . ' we fully expect him to resume his hosting duties later in the year . ' clarkson had been a regular feature on bbc television since taking over top gear in 1988 from previous producer noel edmonds . he is credited with taking the show from being a niche motoring programme to the most watched series on bbc 2 . the hosting slot would have marked clarkson 's first appearance on the bbc since he was dismissed from top gear for hitting producer oisin tymon . his brash presenting style and refusal to bow to pc culture earned him legions of admirers and critics , and controversy dogged his career . he was put on a ' final warning ' after allegedly saying a racial slur on air while reciting a nursery rhyme , and drew more unwanted attention after the top gear team were kicked out of argentina last year while filming a christmas special . clarkson 's car had a numberplate which was thought to be a deliberate reference the falklands war , though the bbc denied this . he was suspended by the broadcaster on march 10 when reported himself to the corporation following a row in which producer oisin tymon was punched , splitting his lip . following a week-long investigation , director-general tony hall decided against renewing his contract saying at the time ' a line has been crossed ' . despite clarkson 's unruly behaviour , he received an outpouring of public support , including from his friend and prime minister , david cameron , while a million people signed a petition asking for him to be reinstated . despite top gear being taken off the air , clarkson has not been banned from appearing on the bbc altogether , and so speculation fell on his have i got news for you appearance . the car enthusiast also has a controversial history on that programme , once throwing a pen at team captain and private eye editor ian hislop , cutting his cheek . clarkson has vowed to keep working after being dismissed from the bbc , and will appear on stage for a series of live motoring shows with former colleagues richard hammond and james may . it emerged last week that he will appear on stage with his former top gear colleagues , richard hammond and james may , later this year to fulfil a series of shows planned before he left the bbc . clarkson turned himself in to bbc bosses following the dust-up , and after an investigation director-general tony hall decided against renewing his contract . however , clarkson is not banned from appearing on the bbc altogether , meaning he could have fulfilled his commitment to host the satirical news show , but has since withdrawn . the gigs will be stripped of all bbc branding and content , and billed as clarkson , hammond and may live . that means the shows , which will take in venues in australia , norway , south africa and the uk , will not be able to use clips from the show or feature the stig . the move has sparked rumours that the three men intend to team up to continue their careers together after clarkson 's exit from the corporation , but sources close to the tour say it is just a matter of fulfilling commitments to the fans . the future of the show 's other two presenters - hammond and may - is unclear , with both men 's top gear contracts also having run out . since clarkson 's future was decided , may has been seen meeting with bbc head of content alan yentob , though the details of what were discussed have not been revealed .