israeli scholars are furious after new flooring was fitted ' behind their backs ' by the muslim authority in charge of judaism 's holiest site - potentially covering up clues to the location of the ' lost ark ' . the work at the dome of the rock was simply meant to replace carpet , worn away by thousands of pilgrims at the gold-topped shrine , which overlooks old jerusalem . but when the old carpet was lifted , it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs - which could point to where the gold-cased ark of the covenant was buried 2,500 years ago . the discovery of the cryptic geometric patterns immediately caught the attention of some researchers , thrilled at the possibility of solving the indiana jones-type mystery which touches upon a holy grail for biblical enthusiasts . scroll down for video . hidden : workers place carpets over ancient floor designs in the cave under the dome of the rock , which israeli scholars are angry they did not get the chance to document before they were covered . legend : scholars have suggested the flooring may give a clue as to where the ark of the covenant - imagined here in the 1981 indiana jones film - is hidden , which jewish tradition says is buried under the dome . ' something is there . i do n't know what . but something is hidden there , ' said israeli archaeologist zachi dvira , who studies the site . yet it looks likely it will remain a mystery : scholars did not get the chance to document the designs before workmen began laying the new carpet , paid for by king abdullah ii of jordan , the country which remains the custodian of the area 's muslim holy sites . it has sparked a war of words between the waqf , the muslim authority that administers the al aqsa mosque compound , which includes the dome of the rock , and israeli archaeological authorities , who say the repairs were carried out behind their backs . the scholars also fear the glue being used may permanently damage the floor . israel 's housing minister uri ariel , of the nationalist jewish home party , waded in to the argument to urge an immediate halt to the work . in an alarmed letter sent to prime minister benjamin netanyahu last week , he wrote : ' there is no need to elaborate on how important this site is , where every modification , every excavation with heavy equipment can cause irreparable harm to the foundations of the temple . ' row : the dome of the rock is one of the most contentious religious spots in all of jerusalem , and the argument over the carpet is simply the latest in a long line of battle between muslim and jewish groups . holy : the dome of the rock and its hilltop plaza is considered judaism 's holiest spot and islam 's third holiest . but the waqf reject the accusations . sheikh azzam tamimi , the head of the waqf , said the work is long overdue and has defiantly proclaimed that he was forbidding any israeli involvement . ' our work in al aqsa is transparent , ' he said . ' we are only putting down carpet and felt . nothing more , nothing less . ' they also deny the work will cause any damage . jamal al quda , a member of a group of jordanian carpet layers who received israeli visas for the job , said it was necessary to affix the base layer of thin dark felt before rolling out the carpet above it . ' it comes off my hand , ' he added , rubbing his fingers . heritage : the dome is thought to be one of the most interesting archaeological sites in jerusalem . finance : this latest work , pictured last sunday , is being paid for by king abdullah ii of jordan . this is not the first time tensions have flared over work at the dome of the rock . the dome of the rock is at the centre of competing claims . muslims believe it enshrines the large rock slab where muslim tradition says the prophet muhammad ascended to heaven . meanwhile , jews believe the rock may be where the holiest part of the two ancient temples stood as early as about 3,000 years ago — and where religious jews pray a third temple will one day be built . ancient jewish traditions say the ark of the covenant . which contained the ten commandments , may have been hidden away in a chamber when the first jewish temple was destroyed . the adjacent western wall , believed to be one of the last remnants of the temple complex , is the holiest site where jews can pray . but palestinian officials reject jewish historical ties to the site and the competing claims have been known to spill over into violence . while jerusalem may be the most excavated city in the world , the dome and its hilltop plaza are an archaeological goldmine which has never been properly dug because of the political sensitivities surrounding the site , which is considered judaism 's holiest spot and islam 's third holiest . in 1999 , the muslim authorities who administer the site dug an enormous hole 12 metres , or 40 feet , deep as part of construction for an underground prayer area , dumping 10,000 tons of earth in a nearby valley and an east jerusalem dump . the director of the israeli antiquities authority at the time called it an ' archaeological crime ' . for years , dvira and veteran israeli archaeologist gabriel barkay have been leading a team of archaeologists and volunteers in combing through the dirt for historical finds . the initiative , called the temple mount sifting project , is conducted under the auspices of the elad foundation , a group that also purchases arab homes in contested parts of east jerusalem and helps move jews in . critics say this nationalist agenda should not mix with archaeology . israel 's state comptroller wrote a scathing report in 2010 about the muslim authorities ' illicit work projects at the compound and israel 's failure at enforcing supervision there . israeli officials kept the report classified out of concern that its publication could harm the sensitive relationship with jordan . tens of thousands of worshippers attend weekly friday prayers , and the carpets have been replaced before — most recently 12 years ago , at a time of heightened violence when israeli antiquities officials were granted limited access to the site . social media : leaked photos of the work have fuelled this latest argument between the two sides . past renovation projects were done quietly behind the scenes . leaked photos posted on social media sites — combined with the political influence of israeli nationalists monitoring the site — drew extra attention and fuelled the latest controversy . photos that were leaked to facebook from the off-limits restoration site showed a number of geometric floor patterns never before documented by archaeologists , said frankie snyder , a researcher with the temple mount sifting project . some apparently date to when the crusaders controlled the complex in the 12th century , she said . ' i 'm worried about damage of the original floors , ' said barkay , the archaeologist . ' the patterns were never properly documented . ' israel hasson , the director of the israeli antiquities authority , said once the government body learned about the renovation , it made arrangements with the waqf to send an archaeologist to document some of the floor patterns , but others already had been covered by the maroon and beige carpeting . ' we got to part of them . we did n't get to it all . i wo n't ask anyone to pull up the carpets to document it , ' hasson said . ' we will wait for the next opportunity . we 're sure to be here over the next 2,000 years . '