police are trying to find a gang of vigilante paedophile hunters accused of posing as children online and then beating up men who agree to meet them . the group working in the north-west has been accused of filming the attacks , the latest of which was on saturday , and then sending online messages demanding money to keep the film secret . one teenager has told greater manchester police he was beaten up by the gang , who reportedly tricked him into believing he was meeting an underage girl in a church car park after dark . the 19-year-old thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl he had spoken to on on the internet in atherton - but when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile . attack : one teenager has told greater manchester police he was beaten up by the gang , who reportedly tricked him into believing he was meeting an underage girl in a church car park in atherton ( pictured ) . after escaping , the teenager then reported the matter to police and was promptly arrested on suspicion of grooming . he has been bailed while police investigate . in a second similar incident , concerned shoppers called police when they saw a man being beaten up in market place in wigan at about 2.40pm on saturday . their target , andrew o'neill , 25 , has since admitted in court that he groomed an under-age girl . he had made contact on a dating website with a ' girl ' called alex , wigan magistrates ' court heard . but after booking a hotel room and turning up to meet the girl in wigan on saturday afternoon , he was confronted by a number of men and attacked . concerned shoppers witnessed the assault on market place in the town centre as o'neill was head-butted and lost two front teeth . other members of the group filmed the incident . he escaped the attack and went to the police to report the assault . the video was then posted on facebook with the tag ' nwi nonce busters ' - believed to be a reference to right-wing group the north west infidels . the video has since been taken down . o'neill , formerly of castlehey , skelmersdale , was charged by police after reporting the assault and admitted an offence of attempting to meet a girl under 16 following grooming , between april 11 and 18 . he was remanded into custody for his own safety and will appear for sentence at liverpool crown court on may 11 . nicola ormerod , prosecuting , said : ' the defendant has contacted somebody said to be called ' alex ' on a profile on a dating website . ' general discussions then turn flirty and sexual and she said she is 14 . second meeting : concerned shoppers called police when they saw a man lose his teeth after being beaten up in market place in wigan . ' there 's an arrangement made for the two parties to meet . the defendant has already booked a hotel room and is found in possession of a tube of lubricant . ' it 's been a set-up profile from a group . he thought this person was 14 and has arranged to meet for the relevant offence . ' it has had press coverage over the weekend . it is from a particular group who set this up and the defendant has been assaulted . ' andrea woods , defending , said o'neill had no previous convictions and co-operated with police . o'neill was the second man arrested by police over the weekend following alleged vigilante paedophile stings . a second man , aged 19 , has been released on bail on suspicion of committing a similar offence to o'neill . det insp charlotte cadden from bolton police said : ' these men were targeted because they had illegally arranged to meet up with underage girls online . andrew o'neill , 25 , one of the vigilante group 's targets , has since admitted at wigan magistrates ' court ( above ) that he groomed an under-age girl . ' i want to make it clear that grooming and arranging to meet up with children you have met over the internet is a criminal offence and if you are caught doing this you will be arrested and prosecuted . ' it is unacceptable that this group are posing as underage girls and meeting up with men with the view to either blackmailing them or attacking them in the street . ' if you have any information regarding these incidents , please contact the police as soon as possible . ' the first attacker in the friday incident was white , aged between 18 and 20 , had shaven brown hair and was wearing a white t-shirt and a black tracksuit . he was carrying a black foot asylum drawstring bag and had a tattooed left arm . the second attacker was a white woman , about 5ft 4in tall with reddish , dark hair wearing a grey hoodie and a black top . the third is a white man , aged in his 40s , 5ft 4in tall , wearing glasses and carrying a walking stick , while the fourth is a white man with short brown receding hair and wearing a blue t-shirt . anyone with information can call police on 101 or crimestoppers , anonymously , on 0800 555111 . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .