dramatic footage has emerged of two separate houses being swept away by floodwater as wild weather wreaks havoc along the coast of new south wales . one house was filmed as it was carried along a street in dungog , in the hunter valley , north of sydney . a dungog resident filmed the half-submerged property drifting down the main drag as floodwater laps at its sides on his smartphone . scroll down for video . a house in dungog in nsw 's hunter valley is seen washing away and was captured on a smartphone . similar scenes were evident in lake macquarie with this house floating along the waterway . footage shows the house floating dangerously close to street power lines and almost taking them down with it . large pieces of debris are also seen bobbing up and down in the torrential waters . local resident jade marie identified the house as her aunt 's , according to higgins storm chasers . she said that she had been helping her neighbours escape rising floodwaters but turned around to see water rising around the house . the mother said that she raced back inside to evacuate her partner and children just moments before the house dislodged and started floating away . another recording of a house filmed far away from its usual address was taken by tianna brien , who spotted a houseboat being swept away in toronto , near lake macquarie , west of newcastle . she told the newcastle herald that at first she thought the home was a boat but then realised it was a houseboat . ms brien did n't recognise the houseboat and said that it had likely floated quite some distance . jade marie said it was her aunty 's house that had been swept away , and she got back just in time to save her partner and her children before it was afloat . ms brien said at first she thought the house was a boat , but upon closer inspection realised it was someone 's home . the houseboat was later anchored at at fennell bay , having passed under the bridge in the town 's main road . ms brien said that she had to describe the incident to police several times and added : ' it was going pretty fast . ' three people have already died during the storms that continue to lash the central hunter region . two men and one woman were trapped in the flood water that inundated the streets of dungog , fairfax media reported . the intense weather conditions started on monday , lashing the region with heavy rain and high winds . numerous calls were received by emergency services for assistance , particularly in the stroud and dungog areas . a street in rose bay - in sydney 's east - was flooded after torrential rain fall throughout monday . a fallen tree crashes through a white sedan in a redfern street in sydney 's inner city while firefighters work to clean up . more than 20 people have been rescued from the flooding , and 215,000 homes and businesses are without power . state emergency service personnel and firefighters in stroud , just north of newcastle , have rescued 10 people from rooftops during the state 's wildest weather in five years . there has been significant flooding and flash-flooding in sydney , newcastle and mid-north coast area , as a low-pressure system moved north from sydney , affecting major roads and rail routes . multiple persons trapped in vehicles , being trapped in buildings and being trapped on top of buildings while trying to take refuge from floodwaters , ' ses deputy commissioner steve pearce said . ' there have been a whole range of calls . ' the rescue missions are being shared between the ses , nsw fire & rescue and rural firefighters . thousands of trees have fallen and hundreds of power lines are down . ausgrid said 215,000 customers in sydney , the central coast and hunter were without power as crews carry out emergency repairs to make fallen poles and wires safe . amid the wild weather , firefighters have also dealt with 75 fires . while in mortdale , in sydney 's south-west , trees have been uprooted from sidewalks . a ferry terminal at parramatta has been completely inundated by water on tuesday morning . at gosford waterfront winds were so strong that boats were being pushing towards the shore . the ses is anticipating a lot more calls . ' this weather system is n't abating - we still have cyclonic winds in that area , ' mr pearce said . ' we 're still seeing massive amounts of rainfall and so it 's going to be a challenging and busy afternoon . ' the bureau of meteorology has recorded wind speeds up to 100km/h with gusts up to 130km/h . more rain and strong winds will continue into tuesday evening as another low pressure system builds off the nsw coast . a nsw fire & rescue spokesman told aap that monday night was one of its busiest on record . rescuers received more than 3,000 calls and responded to 1,000 storm-related incidents . a firefighter at port stephens who was hospitalised with head , neck and shoulder injuries after a tree fell on his truck is in a stable condition . off-duty firefighters are being recalled to duty in greenacre in sydney 's west before heading north to newcastle and lake macquarie to help the ses .