china 's leadership has hit back at u.s. president barack obama who condemned the country for constructing an artificial island in the disputed south china sea . only yesterday , obama claimed beijing was ' using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions ' amid reports of controversial land reclamation efforts . but a furious chinese leadership has argued that it is washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle . the war of words come as newly-released satellite images reveal a flotilla of chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the spratly islands - an area which many other nations claim . war of words : china has criticised the united states over accusations it is bullying neighbouring countries by building artificial islands ( pictured ) on the so-called mischief reef in the disputed south china sea . untouched : images from before china began its construction there ( pictured in 2012 ) show no signs of tampering . disputed : but newer images ( pictured in march ) show chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the spratly islands . territory : the area near the spratly islands where china is constructing artificial islands is claimed by many other countries in the region . agressor : after the american president condemned china for building land masses on disputed territory , its furious leadership claimed it was washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle . a chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman said : ' the us leader talked about china 's ' sheer size and muscle ' , but one can also see clearly who has the biggest size and muscle in the world . only hours before obama 's comments , hua chunying added that china has ' indisputable rights ' to the spratly islands and it was ' protecting its nation 's sovereignty ' , according to the bbc . she said the construction was to serve troops protecting the area , civilian activity such as search and rescue operations , scientific research and commercial fishing . ' the structures ... do not affect , nor are they targeted at , any particular country , ' she claimed before adding china would ' continue to strengthen ' its activities in the area . the us-based center for strategic and international studies ( csis ) has has been picturing and documenting the construction of an artificial island known as mischief reef in the south china sea . massive expanses of sand and concrete were being unloaded among the spratly islands in the disputed waters . china used dredging vessels to dig up sediment from the sea before dumping it on submerged coral reefs to make islands , ethan rosen , a geopolitical researcher in china claimed . before-and-after images from the area show aircraft runways appearing from jungle , solid masses where there was once coral and man-made harbours replacing natural reefs . the country claims the work is necessary to safeguard its sovereignty which it asserts over most of the south china sea . but the philippines , vietnam , malaysia , brunei and taiwan all have overlapping claims to the region . construction : the us navy initially claimed china was creating a ' great wall of sand ' ( pictured in february 2014 ) in the south china sea . controversial : a spokesperson from china 's foreign ministry said the country ' indisputable rights ' to the spratly islands and it was protecting its nation 's sovereignty . they claim china is illegally reclaiming the contested area and creating artificial islands with facilities that could have military use . late last month , the u.s. navy reported the latest land mass china had built was 1.5 square miles in size and created by dumping sand on live coral reefs , possibly damaging local ecosystems . it was just one of several artificial islands china had been creating in the region and their exact purpose remains unknown . analysts claim the images circulated by csis reveal that china is trying to create ' facts in the water ' to bolster its territorial claim . manila - one of the most vocal critics of beijing 's actions in the region - has appealed to the international community to intervene after conceding it and other countries in the region are powerless to stop china 's controversial construction . its foreign affairs spokesman charles jose said : ' we are asking the international community to tell china that what it is doing is wrong , and to ask china to stop this reclamation work . china 's declared defence budget of around £97billion this year is 55 times that of the philippines ' £1.7 billion . jose believes beijing is rushing the construction to undermine an upcoming united nations ruling on the philippines ' claim to the territory . he said : ' we think china has a plan and they think they have the means to do it and they can actually do it . aerial photo shows thitu island , part of the disputed spartly group of islands in the south china sea located off the coast of western philippines , pictured on july 20 , 2011 . on thursday , obama waded into the debate by telling a town hall meeting in jamaica that beijing should not push around countries with which it is in dispute in the south china sea . the president said : ' just because the philippines or vietnam are not as large as china does n't mean that they can just be elbowed aside . ' the united states broadly supports its asian allies against chinese pressure and has asserted that freedom of navigation is in the country 's national interest . on friday , hua maintained that china has maintained ' security and peace ' in the region and was working with neighbouring countries . the commander of the u.s. pacific fleet warned the constructions were ' increasing regional tensions and the potential for miscalculation ' late last month . admiral harry harris jr added : ' china is building artificial land by pumping sand on to live coral reefs - some of them submerged - and paving over them with concrete . ' harris said the region is known for its beautiful natural islands but ' china is creating a great wall of sand with dredges and bulldozers over the course of months ' . the dispute centres around hundreds of tiny shoals , reefs and islets in the south china sea known as the spratlys and the paracels . several south asian countries stake claim to the territory , though china tries to control the largest portion of the archipelago . beijing has claimed its right to the collection of land masses is 2,000 years old which , they say , includes the islands in chinese history . taiwan supports its claim , and has its own airfield on the island of taiping . vietnamese officials say their government has ruled over the land since the 17th century whilst the philippines , the closest geographically , says the islands belong to them . in 1974 , chinese forces seized the paracels from vietnam , killing 70 troops . there were further clashes between the two countries in 1988 , with 60 vietnamese soldiers killed . in 2012 china and the philippines were embroiled in a lengthy maritime standoff over a scarborough shoal . the filipino military employed its largest warship for the dispute over the stretch of water which they call panatag . upon boarding a chinese military vessel for inspection , officials claimed they found live sharks , clams and illegal reef . later , vietnamese border agencies refused to stamp passports asserting chinese sovereignty over a handful of the islands and in january it was claimed china would be taken to a un tribunal to challenge its stake .