a british isis fighter has complained about fellow jihadis fleeing the frontline then boasting of their bravery on twitter while posing with their weapons . omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the so-called islamic state under the name abu sa'eed al-britani . last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes . in his latest video the former morrisons security guard , who used to live at home with his mother and has not managed to get himself a jihadi bride , accuses a fellow ' brother ' of running away from the frontline in syria ' when it was only him and me defending the post ' . omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , posts videos online under the name abu sa'eed al-britani . he has complained about jihadis who leave their posts then boasting on social media about their bravery . islamic state fighters pose at the border between syria and iraq . hussain has cautioned ' sisters ' to choose wisely when searching for a spouse among isis fighters . a jihadi poses with a handgun and an isis ring in a social media post . hussain has warned would-be jihadi brides to be wary of fighters who seem to spend too much time online . he said : ' i can recall myself shouting at him to come back as he ran away leaving me alone to defend the position . ' the ironical thing here was that the brother went online the next day and praised how dawlah [ islamic state ] managed to defend an onslaught by the enemy , and how people in the west need to `` stop being cowards '' . ' on other occasions , i have noticed how some brothers praise how `` we '' attacked such and such village , how hard the battle was for `` us '' , etc . yet they were not there . ' a form of tadlees ( twisting the haqq [ truth ] to get self praise ) , not a characteristic stemming from humbleness and sincerity . ' hussain , who has previously issued advice on how jihadists should ' deal ' with wannabe jihadi brides , has now cautioned ' sisters ' to choose wisely when searching for a spouse among isis fighters . he said : ' although there may be nothing wrong with marrying a brother who is constantly online , i would just like to say that its best one does not rush into a marriage contract . ' i have been in sham [ the caliphate ] for just over a year now and i have seen many beautiful brothers who are constant on their ibaadah [ worship ] , warriors in front lines , have amazing military minds , generous towards others , humble , funny , etc . yet are unknown on social media . ' so sisters , please be careful and deliberate when choosing a spouse . we are still human beings , we err and we make mistakes . ' some people 's intentions can sidetrack , especially when on social media platforms . ' a jihadi poses with an ak-47 and a handgun . some fighters boast online about how ' we ' attacked a village when they were n't even part of any isis assault , according to hussein . despite his hatred of the west this isis fighter enjoys showing off his adidas trainers in this online post . hussain himself poses with an ak-47 in raqqa , syria . he often posts videos containing his opinions on life inside the so-called islamic state . the british jihadi decries boastful fellow fighters who are ' always on twitter posting pics of [ themselves ] ' rather than actually fighting on the frontline - which should make would-be wives wary given electronic devices are banned there . he adds : ' the only reason a brother can be constantly on twitter , fb , instagram or other social media platform , is if he 's not on front lines . ' hussain continues that all isis members in the area controlled by the group have guns and not just the fighters . ' just because someone is in sham and has a gun , it does not mean they are a mujaahid , ' he says . ' immaturity makes a person over excited . and being over excited leads to posting pics online with a gun . ' do not be afraid to reject a proposal , there are many brothers here in sham . and some of the most beautiful are those who are always on ribat [ the frontline ] and completely unknown on social media platforms . ' and in a missive posted yesterday hussain railed against jihadis who moan ' like menstruating women ' about the guns they 've been given . jihadists based in atmeh - just one mile from the olive tree refugee camp in syria - have boasted of living ' the goodly life ' in a huge hilltop villa - a far cry from the frontline in the country 's brutal civil war . bethnal green teenagers kadiza sultana , shamima begum and amira abase all ran away from their homes apparently to be jihadi brides . hussain says such girls should chose their husbands carefully . it is feared the three are now married to isis fighters . hussain has complained at how some moan like ' menstruating women ' at the guns they have been given . hussain admits on twitter that it took him 50 minutes to peel 10 potatoes - leaving him too tired to cut them . he says to his ' beloved brothers in islam ' : ' know that yesterday you had nothing of honor in your hands and were subjugated under the laws of the kuffar [ unbeliever ] ' you carried no bullets , no gun , no grenade , nothing of this sort . yet here you are today with honor given to you , so do not boast about what you have been given . ' for you have been given it due to the sacrifices of your brothers before you…the soldiers who fought the battles while you were sitting at home . ' likewise , do not complain when you are given a gun which you do not like… what were you walking around with last month ? in dar al-kufr [ any non-muslim country ] , did you have a brand new russian ak47 ? ' did you have a glock ? you didn’t even have a rusty old gun , yet here you are complaining like a menstruating woman about the very find details of your gun ! ' yet hussain has form when it comes to spending a time posting on social media rather than taking the fight to isis ' syrian government or kurdish enemies or dodging us airstrikes - and he 's not averse to sharing pictures of himself brandishing an ak-47 either . earlier this month he complained on twitter about his difficulties completing the most basic daily jobs including peeling potatoes for his dinner and washing his clothes . in august last august he appeared on bbc2 's newsnight , saying : ' i hate the uk , the only reason why i would intend to return to the uk is when i want to come and plant a bomb somewhere . '