the omens are looking good . after taking the big race on the opening day of the grand national festival , ap mccoy repeated the trick on don cossack to the delight of a huge ladies’ day crowd . mccoy , who will ride hot favourite shutthefrontdoor in the crabbie’s grand national on saturday , struck on day one in the doom bar aintree hurdle with jezki . if the trend continues , mccoy will be celebrating another victory in the biggest race of all . and if he wanted a further sign that the cards are falling in his favour , the last time he won the melling chase – on alberta’s run in 2010 – he followed up the next day in the grand national on don’t push it . ap mccoy celebrates after winning the melling chase race at aintree on friday . mccoy rode don cossack to victory as he prepares for his final grand national on saturday . there may have been some fortune attached to jezki’s victory as favourite arctic fire fell at the last flight when poised to challenge . here , though , there was no luck involved . don cossack was mighty impressive in running away with the grade one betfred melling chase , prompting his trainer gordon elliot to talk of a challenge for the cheltenham gold cup next year . this was one of the more straightforward successes in mccoy’s career , as once he took up the running three fences from home the result was never in doubt . don cossack ridden by mccoy ( second left ) leads the field on the way to victory at aintree . mccoy jumps the final fence on don cossack as he rides to victory in the melling steeple chase . in the end , there was a yawning 26-lengths back to second placed cue card , with john’s spirit back in third . elliott , who won the grand national in 2007 with silver birch , said : ‘ the horse is the apple of my eye . i was delighted to see him sent on when he was , as we know that he stays . it is nice having a winner for ap , as well . he is a genius . he has ridden a good few winners for me over the years . ’ this has been a memorable meeting for elliott , who saddled a first day double with clarcam and tagliatelle . he saddles cause of causes in the big one and hopes are high of a bold show . ‘ when i won the national last time , i didn’t really appreciate it , ’said elliott . ‘ we are looking forward to tomorrow ( saturday ) . ’  