the fbi has joined the search for a man charged with beating his wife to death with a kitchen knife at a dunkin ' donuts in maryland where they both worked . bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , 24 , faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and the fbi announced on wednesday that a $ 20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest . a federal criminal complaint said that patel was last seen at a hotel near newark international airport shortly after his wife was killed on april 12 . he reportedly has his india-issued passport with him . patel is to believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife , palak bhadreskumar patel , to death with a knife inside the fast-food chain . bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , 24 , is on the run after allegedly beating his wife to death with a kitchen knife on april 12 at a dunkin ' donuts in maryland where they both worked . the fbi announced that patel ( left ) faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and is offering a $ 20,000 reward for information about patel 's whereabouts . the body his wife , palak bhadreskumar patel , ( right ) was found on april 12 . patrons called police april 12 shortly after discovering no workers at the dunkin ' donuts on arundel mills boulevard in hanover . according to anne arundel county police , an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area . the woman , patel 's wife , died at the scene . anne arundel county police said an officer responded around 10:51pm . ' the female employee of dunkin donuts was the victim of an apparent homicide , ' the release said . ' this is not a random crime as the victim and suspect were known to each other , ' authorities said in the news release . authorities said that patel had been charged with first-degree murder , second-degree murder , first-degree assault , second-degree assault , as well as dangerous weapon with intent to injure . police said the investigation revealed that patel 's husband hit her in the face with a kitchen knife and then fled . a taxi driver told investigators that she picked up patel on april 12 across from the dunkin’ donuts and drove him to a best western in newark , new jersey , approximately 185 miles away , according to wtop . patel was last seen on surveillance footage at a best western in newark , new jersey , near the newark liberty international airport on april 13 . investigators believe he fled maryland to new jersey to escape state charges . investigators believe he fled to new jersey to escape state charges , but they believe he is still in the united states . they have no evidence that he boarded plane and the fbi put a hold on patel’s passport , preventing him from crossing the border . patel was born in india and was in the united states legally on a visa , but his visa expired at the end of march , according to the fbi . the fbi plans to put up billboards to help locate patel , who is described as weighing approximately 165lb and 5ft 9in tall with brown eyes and hair . according to authorities , patel is considered to be dangerous . both patel and his wife worked at the dunkin ' donuts in hanover , maryland , where the wife 's body was found . one of the store 's frequent customers , idrisa wurie , told the capital gazette ' oh my goodness . i am shocked because they are very nice people . ' a police spokesperson told the gazette police dealt with the couple in the past year regarding a domestic incident . in a statement , dunkin ' donuts said ' we are aware of the tragic incident that occurred at the dunkin ' donuts / baskin-robbins combination restaurant on arundel mills boulevard in hanover , maryland . ' all of us at dunkin ' brands are saddened to learn of the death of crew member palak bhadreskumar patel , and our thoughts go out to her family and friends . ' the franchise owner is cooperating fully with the local authorities in their investigation . as this is a pending police matter , it is inappropriate for us to comment further . ' police have said tips can be called into to 410-222-474 and anonymously at 410-222-4700 .