darren gough makes no secret that he 'll always be the first man into bat for kevin pietersen no matter how sticky the wicket . england 's ninth most successful wicket taker of all-time is a loyal friend to the controversial batsman and was best man at his wedding . pietersen has rejoined surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn his place in england 's ashes squad this summer - and all eyes will be on cardiff for the start of his campaign against glamorgan in just over a fortnight . darren gough , kevin pietersen 's close friend , says his pal only has a small chance of returning for england . pietersen has rejoined surrey in the hope of earning a place in the ashes squad for england this summer . but gough believes there is still only a slim chance of his friend adding to his tally of 104 test match appearances when england start their ashes series on the same ground a few months later . ' i would say it 's a pretty small percentage chance of seeing kevin playing for england again , ' said gough , who is taking part in the second investec ashes cycle challenge to raise funds for the lord 's taverners in july , the uk 's leading youth cricket and disability sports charity , with the inaugural event raising over £280,000 for the lord 's taverners and other charities in 2013 . ' it requires england 's batsman to fail in the west indies and then again against new zealand , which is obviously something no england fan wants . ' the new ecb chairman has given kevin a lifeline and he 's got to make the runs now and put the pressure on . gough believes pietersen will ' disappear to the caribbean premier league ' if he does n't get an england call . gough says he has huge respect for pietersen for pulling out of a big money deal in the india . ' good luck to him , if the others fail and he scores hundred after hundred , which i think he would have to do , the dream might just come true for him but realistically i would say the door is shut . ' if kevin is n't selected for the first test against australia then he will probably disappear to the caribbean premier league and that will be that . ' i have huge respect for him for making that call and pulling out of a big money deal in the indian premier league to give it a shot , it shows just how much he wants it . ' if he got to the point where he 's retiring and he did n't give it that last go , i do n't think he would have been able to deal with that mentally . ' it 's similar to me when i left essex to go back to yorkshire , i had unfinished business in yorkshire and i went back for a couple of years . ' i can live happily ever after on that because i went back and fulfilled what i wanted to achieve and it 's the same for kp . ' controversial batsman pietersen and current england coach peter moores have a fractious relationship . england face australia in just under 100 days time - a team with soaring confidence after their world cup win . pietersen and current england coach peter moores have a fractious relationship but even proud yorkeshireman gough believes the former lancashire coach must be give a bit more time - despite last month 's world cup horror show . moores admits he 's a man under pressure ahead of the three test series in the caribbean , which starts in antigua in just under two weeks . and it does n't get any easier with two test and five one-day internationals against in-form new zealand followed by the arrival of darren lehman 's australia in just under 100 days time - a team whose confidence is soaring . ' we 've got a good coach with england and he knows what he is doing but his personality is more about percentages , ' added gough . ' he gets a lot of stick about stats but every team uses stats . ' gough plans to competes in the investec ashes cycle challenge to raise funds for lord 's taverners charity . while england toil this summer gough has other plans as he competes in the investec ashes cycle challenge which will raises funds for the lord 's taverners charity . gough , the first to admit he 's not got the physique for lycra , will lead a cricketing peleton as they cycle between england 's test match grounds over four days this summer , with the challenge taking place between 12 and 15 july 2015 and will cover over 300 miles between the famous 2005 ashes venues , with the kia oval the finish line in four months ' time . ' i 'm okay on a motorbike but a bike is going to be a big challenge , ' he said . ' we are hoping to raise enough funds to buy five minibuses that can be used to help disadvantaged and disabled children get into sport . ' i 've always liked a challenge and when it 's raising money for a wonderful cause you want to get involved . ' to support goughie 's fundraising efforts please visit lordstaverners.org/ashescycle and keep up with the team 's progress by following @ lordstaverners and @ investecwin – to donate text velo15 £5 or £10 to 70070 . 