sunderland will not suspend adam johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl . the club 's hierarchy have decided that the 27-year-old should be allowed to continue playing for the black cats until the outcome of his case has been decided . a club statement on friday morning read : ' following yesterday 's statement from durham constabulary , the club recognises that the formal legal process must take its course and whilst our position remains unchanged , we will keep the matter under review . ' the club will not be making any further comment . ' adam johnson leaves peterlee police station on thursday after being charged . johnson leaves the peterlee police station on thursday after learning of the charges against him . the 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club sunderland despite the charges . apr 25 - stoke ( a ) . may 2 - southampton ( h ) . may 9 - everton ( a ) . may 16 - leicester ( h ) . may 20 - arsenal ( a ) . may 24 - chelsea ( a ) . johnson has been bailed to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 – the same day sunderland travel to arsenal - where it is expected the case will be sent to crown court . if found guilty , johnson could face a lengthy prison term . in the meantime , he will be available to feature for relegation-threatened sunderland , who are one point above the premier league drop zone and travel to stoke on saturday . he was suspended by the club following his arrest on march 2 but that was lifted when his bail was extended by five weeks a fortnight later . sunderland manager dick advocaat supported the decision not to suspend sunderland . advocaat said : ' he still has to come in ( to train ) . but , in principle , if he feels okay he will be part of the squad . ' it 's not difficult to deal with . the club have made a statement and i stand behind that and i will see what the future will bring . ' click here for the full table . he returned to training under new boss dick advocaat and has featured as a substitute in their last three matches , including the 1-0 tyne-wear derby victory over newcastle . johnson stands accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child , contrary to section 9 of the sexual offences act 2003 . the offences are said to have taken place between december 30 last year and february 26 . he has also been charged with meeting a child following sexual grooming under section 15 of the same act . gerry wareham , cps chief crown prosecutor for the north east , said he believes there is a realistic prospect of conviction and it is in the public interest for johnson to be charged . johnson will now appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20 . the england international ( right ) was wearing a black tracksuit as he attended the hearing on thursday . johnson was accompanied by his lawyer as the sunderland winger arrived at the police station on thursday . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .