a restless baby has been lulled to sleep by her father 's impression of darth vader . madison avery crotty , from san diego , is seen screaming and crying until her doting dad decides to try out his terrifying impersonation . in a new video posted online , the wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as thomas ' buddy ' starts his deep breathing technique . scroll for video . little madison crotty is seen crying until her doting father buddy decided to try out his impersonation . buddy had tried out several types of ‘ white noise’ sounds to try and get madison to sleep . and he 's seen looking delighted to discover that his daughter finds the star wars sound soothing , saying : ' she likes the dark side ! ' at the end of the clip . the crackling , deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what madison might have heard in the womb just a month earlier . it seems that parents really will try anything to get their newborn to stop crying and go to bed - even the dark side . buddy loaded the footage of the precious moment on his youtube channel under the title : the force awakens ... then falls back asleep . it has been viewed more than 4,000 times . buddy loaded the precious moment on his youtube channel yesterday . the crackling , deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what madison might have heard in the womb . the clip , called the force awakens ... then falls back asleep , has been viewed more than 4,000 times . the dark lords of the sith 's heavy-breathing sound was devised by american sound engineer ben burtt in the seventies . the grisly sound of vader 's breathing is so iconic that it even has a trademark - or , rather , a ' soundmark ' . lucasfilm reportedly trademarked 234 seconds of it with the us patent and trademark office in 2014 . the grisly sound of vader 's breathing is so iconic that it even has a trademark - or , rather , a ' soundmark ' . its creator ben burtt says it makes vader sound like a ' life support system ' , ' mechanical ' , and ' part robot ' . the firm 's lawyers describe the sound as ' rhythmic mechanical human breathing created by breathing through a scuba tank regulator . ' an interview with the sound 's designer , burtt , from the lucasfilm archives , shows him describing the process . he says that what started out as a very loud and noise-producing project which made vader sound like a ' moving operating room ' and ' queezing windmill ' , was eventually toned down to the ' life support system ' , ' mechanical ' , ' part robot ' sound we know today .