debt : parents are getting into debt by letting their adult children live at home for longer . grown-up children who are still in their family home are living the ‘ life of riley’ while unknowingly pushing their parents into debt , research shows . the so-called ‘ boomerang generation’ are placing their parents under serious financial pressure by living at home even in their twenties and thirties . now , debt organisations have warned that parents should not be afraid to ask their children for rent and money towards household bills amid fears the british ‘ stiff upper lip’ makes them reluctant to admit when they need help . experts claim grown-up children still living at home are often completely unaware that they are forcing their parents further into debt . research revealed that as many as three-quarters of parents whose children are over 18 still have at least one child living with them . but only 42 per cent charge their children rent – with many admitting they feel too guilty and uncomfortable to ask . and even if they manage to ask their offspring to contribute , most charge them just £150 a month , compared with a typical uk rent of £750 . on top of this , 80 per cent still buy their adult child’s groceries , and 60 per cent cook dinner for them each night , according to the study by website topcashback . parents expressed concern that their children could not afford to move out or were struggling to save for a house deposit . but the survey found the average salary of a grown-up child living at home is £26,000 , giving them a comfortable £1,000 in disposable income each month . half of parents who did charge rent admitted they relied on that money to cover living expenses such as groceries and utility bills . food for thought : eight out of ten parents survey said they still bought their children 's groceries for them . in fact , a second study released today revealed that many debt-ridden parents are falling into deeper financial trouble because of their stay-at-home children . according to debt management specialist payplan , a third of parents in debt who have grown-up children living at home have been forced to take out a loan to meet the costs of housing and feeding them . young adults brought up on the internet are beset by loneliness because they make friends online rather than face to face , a survey reveals . it found many of the so-called facebook generation of internet-obsessed people in their late teens , twenties and early thirties say they feel lonely . one in seven of those who find it hard to make friends are too scared to talk to strangers . their fear of relationships appears linked to how they usually communicate – by text , facebook and email . but unlike older generations they seem to have no time or inclination to talk to their neighbours . the survey of nearly 2,500 people by the big lunch community campaign undermines the idea that loneliness mostly affects the elderly . dr rebecca harris of the university of bolton , who worked on the poll , said : ‘ our brains treat loneliness the same as physical pain . we’re spending less time having social interaction , we have fewer friends than we’d like and we’re finding it harder to make new friends . ’ but half of these parents say they still refuse to ask their kids to contribute to the household pot . jane clack , of payplan , said : ‘ in this country we are renowned for a stiff upper lip , but the truth is that many parents are under emotional strain as a result of their debts . ’ 