mothers and babies have been banned from special screenings at an independent cinema after staff became fed up with clearing away dirty nappies and oversized prams . the manager of the rex cinema in berkhamsted , hertfordshire , cancelled the regular tuesday baby matinees due to a combination of ' whingeing , bitching , snitching and the law ' . james hannaway , who restored and reopened the traditional cinema in 2004 , announced the decision on the company 's website . scroll down for video . ban : james hannaway , manager of rex cinema in berkhamsted , has banned babies from special screenings . he explained that the special screenings , which were introduced in 2007 after complaints over babies being allowed to all matinees , were to allow parents to enjoy adult films with their children . mr hannaway said he was fed up with the whingeing from those attending the screenings without babies , even though they declared they ' might contain babies ' . ' rex staff have enjoyed collecting still-warm nappies from under tables , and who put up with difficult first time mothers with armoured tanks ( prams ) and a not always helpful attitude as they spread everything from the tank everywhere , ' he said . and mr hannaway also claimed that the cinema has been forced to reconsider over the ratings on the tuesday films . he said : ' those who threatened us with the authorities if little-faces turn up in prams for a 15 certificate . clearly babies of 0 to six months are under 15 . ' thank you for such moral vigilance . there 's only so much whingeing , bitching and snitching from all sides one can take . eight years of it is enough . ' screenings : he says he has cancelled the baby matinees ( stock image ) due to ' whingeing , bitching , snitching and the law ' . the issue had been picked up by members of the public , including teresa boad , who wrote on social media that she had ' complained about this a few years ago ' . some have been left disappointed by the ban , blaming other parents . gillian walters said : ' shame how some spoil it for others leaving dirty nappies under tables is disgusting . ' clare ball posted on the cinema 's facebook page : ' very , very , very sad to see tuesday matinee times have changed to 2pm , see you in a few years when i no longer have school runs in the afternoon . ' the 1930s original art deco cinema has one screen in its proscenium and was described by visit the chilterns tourist site as ' possibly britain 's most beautiful cinema ' . it opened on may 9 , 1938 , with heidi starring shirley temple and in the early 1970s the balcony was boxed off to create two screens in the upper circle . the proscenium was soon closed and turned into a bingo hall while films still played in the smaller upstairs screen . on february 28 , 1988 , the cinema was closed and it would be 30 years before a film would be projected onto the screen . beautiful : the 1930s original art deco cinema has one screen in its proscenium and was described by visit the chilterns tourist site as ' possibly britain 's most beautiful cinema ' . after its revival in 2004 , complete with large , comfy seats and a full wine and snack menu , it has received great plaudits and opens with new titles most days and nights . the cinema claims to follow a simple formula involving ' civilised and enticing surroundings ' with a ' warm atmosphere ' . they also boast of cheap tickets and do n't sell popcorn or hotdogs . downstairs , in the stalls , are big red , swivel chairs at small , round , candlelit tables , with white tablecloths to the floor . guest speakers over the years have included martin freeman , imelda saunton and judy dench among dozens of other familiar faces . from april babies are banned for , among other things , being under age . not an easy decision . here’s why : matinees included babies from the outset in 2005 . the experiment proved difficult , too many complaints . so late in 2007 we had to restrict babies to tuesdays only . it was included in the programme for young mums & dads to enjoy their first six months of bewilderment with a popular grown-up film at the rex . here , for a few short hours , they could be reminded that the world they had left was still here . it became , a meeting place , an escape into the latest films everybody ( else ) was talking about . now , due to a combination of whingeing , bitching , snitching and the law , it is over . whingeing : some without babies , upstairs would rarely miss the chance to complain , even though tuesdays matinees declare ' might contain babies ' and do , does , did ! bitching : as above but with the added missionary misery of rex staff , who have enjoyed collecting still-warm nappies from under tables , and who put up with difficult first time mothers with armoured tanks ( prams ) and a not always helpful attitude as they spread everything from the tank , everywhere . snitching : those who threatened us with the authorities if little-faces turn up in prams for a 15 certificate . clearly babies 0to6 months are under 15 . thank you for such moral vigilance . there’s only so much whingeing bitching and snitching from all sides , one can take . eight years of it is enough . finally , the law , with little to resemble intelligence , decrees : only 12a , pg , u certs with little or no adult bite , can be screened when babies are present . sorry babies and parents your time is up . however , saturday kids matinees are always under certificate 15 . so providing you can resist all of the headings above , take your warm nappies etc home , and leave the tanks outside , you’re welcome . all matinees will start at 2pm . 