michelle pfeiffer is the latest hollywood star preparing to hit the small screen . the oscar nominated star known for her roles in iconic films such as scarface , dangerous liaisons and the age of innocence , has teamed up with katie couric to pitch a new television comedy about a morning news program . also involved in the project , in which pfeiffer is attached to star , is diane english , the creator of murphy brown . scroll down for video . michelle pfeiffer ( left ) is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by katie couric ( right ) . the series was created by diane english ( above with candice bergen ) , who was behind the show murphy brown , about a female news anchor . according to variety , pfeiffer 's role will be that of a morning news anchor , making it very similar to the real life role couric played as co-host of today for 15 years . couric will serve as an executive producer and help ' ensure the series strikes realistic notes . ' the creator behind the project , english , was previously the brains behind brown , the show starring candice bergen that centered around a female news anchor and ran for ten seasons , winning 18 emmys . english would also serve as a writer , producer and showrunner on the program . the ladies are currently in talks with hbo , showtime , amc , netflix and amazon to pick up the program . couric will serve as an executive producer , drawing on her experience as an anchor on today for 15 years . pfeiffer would be the one of the biggest stars yet to move to television , joining a group that now includes house of cards stars robin wright and kevin spacey , true detective leads matthew mcconaughey and woody harrelson , and even lady gaga , who recently announced she would be appearing on the next season of american horror story . the actress has kept a low profile for the past 20 years since becoming a mother , only doing a handful of films in that time . she most recently appeared alongside robert de niro in the mob comedy ' the family . '