with superfans already eagerly camped out at st. mary 's hospital ahead of kate middleton 's due date , it seems that the birth of prince george in 2013 did nothing to diminish the undeniable global fascination surrounding royal babies . and it 's not just brits that are starting to make excited estimations , the frenzy has reached america where there are more than a few guesses about royal baby particulars . international research firm , yougov , has conducted a poll asking the uk and the us their opinions on the second child , and it turns out , views are not too different . scroll down for video . william and kate are currently prepping for the birth of the second royal baby , which has spurred guesses on the sex and name . questioning 1713 brits and 1124 americans , the survey revealed that after the excitement of a baby boy in blue in 2013 , this time around , both desire a baby girl . in fact , this landslide opinion was only contested by two per cent of brits and seven per cent of americans , who alternatively want prince george to have a baby brother . when it comes down to a name for william and kate 's potential little girl , the survey revealed discrepancies between what brits and americans want . in the uk , charlotte , alice and alexandra are the leading names , with charlotte scooping the lead with 13 per cent . americans instead favour distinctively prominent royal names , with the top three being diana at 19 per cent , and elizabeth and victoria tying at 12 per cent in terms of popularity . the 2013 birth of prince george did nothing to diminish the undeniable global fascination surrounding royal babies , with many having placed bets on the sex and name of the second child . princess diana was the much-celebrated first wife of prince charles , and also the mother of prince william , before passing away in 1997 . the popularity of the name elizabeth is most likely derived from the name of the current queen , elizabeth ii . similarly , the popularity of the name victoria , is from queen victoria , whose reign of nearly 64 years is the longest of any other british monarch . when it comes down the names for a potential baby boy , the survey revealed much more unified results . both brits and americans agree on james , richard and arthur as their favourite top three boy names , with james scooping the lead , at 27 per cent in the uk and 15 per cent in the us , in terms of popularity . americans have picked diana and elizabeth as their favourite names if the royal baby is in fact a girl . the popularity of these names could have stemmed from prominent names of other royals , including the late princess diana ( pictured left ) and queen elizabeth ii ( pictured right ) . and it 's not only immediate particulars about the unborn baby 's life being discussed ; people were also keen to throw in their two cents about the most suitable roles for the child 's later life . both were in agreement that in the future , baby number two should focus on acting as a good role model for young people . opinions divided when it came to the second most important role.while brits believe the second child of william and kate should also prioritise having a job , americans feel that the next priority should be raising money for charity . although american are showing some interest in the new royal baby , the majority of the us are far less interested in the latest arrival , in comparison to prince george 's birth in 2013 . a poll by yougov revealed that both brits and americans want royal baby number two to be a girl ( picture posed by model ) . according to a new survey by the university of southern california , american are five times less interested in the new royal baby than they were with george . jeetendr sehdev , professor of marketing at usc , told the sunday times : ' they were three times more interested in the birth of jessica biel and justin timberlake 's baby and equally excited by the [ forthcoming ] birth of sophie hunter and benedict cumberbatch 's child . ' only one in 10 americans describe themselves as excited about the second royal baby . some of this is inevitable but it also represents a wider attitudinal shift across the us . ' americans still love great britain ... but the royals are now part of that , not the face of it . ' 