hooked to ventilators in hospital beds , they were on the brink of death . these shocking photos show brothers jeff and joey stallings , who were placed in medically-induced comas after taking a ' bad batch ' of synthetic marijuana in their hometown of mccomb , mississippi . the siblings , both in their twenties , fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking the drug , which is a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana . they were hospitalized on april 6 , within hours of each other , when they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations , vomiting , night sweats and violent shaking . they had to be put on life support . critically ill : this photo shows jeff stallings , who was placed in medically-induced coma alongside his older brother , joey , after taking a ' bad batch ' of synthetic marijuana in his hometown of mccomb , mississippi . on life support : the siblings , both in their twenties , fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking the drug , a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana . above , joey . brothersl they were hospitalized on april 6 , within hours of each other , when they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations , vomiting , night sweats and violent shaking . above , the pair before their hospital stays . fortunately , the pair rallied against the terrifying effects of the drug , and were able to return to home on april 13 . however , they are now facing serious - and in jeff 's case , permanent - medical issues . and these issues are only complicated by the fact that the brothers are both addicted to synthetic marijuana , which is also dubbed spice , mojo , k2 and bliss , and is much more toxic than cannabis . now , their mother , karen stallings , has appealed to others not to smoke the drug , which she says has wrecked her sons ' bodies and has left her youngest , jeff , with permanent kidney damage . speaking to dailymail.com , she said : ' seeing my sons in hospital was 10 times worse than what those photos show . it was just chilling . they were put in induced comas and had to fight for their lives . ' fortunately , they fought the battle and they 're now home . but they 're not well at all . they 're very , very addicted to it and want to get off it . they suffer from shakes , tremors and say random stuff . ' my youngest has to sit down because he gets dizzy . and he has permanent kidney damage . i 'm afraid i 'm going to lose him , that my son will die . that 's something no mother should have to say . ' appeal : lucikly , the pair rallied against the terrifying effects of the drug , and were able to return to home on april 13 . now , their mother , karen stallings ( pictured with jeff ) , has appealed to others not to smoke spice . deadly : the brothers are both addicted to synthetic marijuana ( file picture ) . because the herbs and chemicals in spice vary , it is impossible for users to know what they are smoking - and in what concentrations . recovering : ms stallings told dailymail.com : ' seeing my sons in hospital was 10 times worse than what those photos show . it was just chilling . they had to fight for their lives ' above , jeff ( right ) and joey ( left ) on facebook . the distraught mother , who also has two young daughters , said her sons had purchased a bag of spice in mccomb - as they had done on a regular basis - without realizing it was a bad batch . ' the stuff is all over the town . people are selling it in bags , and jeff and joey got a bad batch , ' she told dailymail.com . she added matter-of-factly : ' it 's going to kill my kids . this is a serious issue . ' synthetic marijuana a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to traditional marijuana . it is nicknamed spice , mojo , k2 , yucatan fire , solar flare and bliss , among other things . the drug is typically smoked by users . it does not give positive results in tests for cannabis . because the herbs and chemicals in synthetic marijuana vary , it is impossible for users to know what they are smoking . they also can not tell what concentrations they are taking - which can lead to fatal overdoses . unlike pot , spice can cause a huge range of symptoms , many of which can be severe . these include tremors , paranoia , seizures , vomiting , hallucinations , chest pain , cardiac problems , kidney damage and brain damage . because the herbs and chemicals in spice vary , it is impossible for users to know what they are smoking and in what concentrations - which can potentially lead to fatal overdoses . experts say the mixture can be up to 1,000 times stronger binding to cannabis receptors compared to traditional marijuana . this means it can activate a receptor on a brain cell with maximum efficacy . in doing so , it can cause severe tremors , shakes , seizures , vomiting , hallucinations , and other frightening symptoms . ms stallings , who works at santa fe cattle co in mccomb , said her sons were left ' flipping out ' . ' they got scared , ' she said . ' it was damaging their bodies . they just mentally shut down . ' family friend jess hurley posted the harrowing images of the brothers hooked to life support machines on her facebook page earlier this month , asking people to pray for their family . she wrote : ' these are my friend 's sons . i taught the man on the right [ jeff ] how to walk and talk as a baby . ' the man on the left is his older brother . they are both on life support at this very moment because of synthetic marijuana . ( spice , mojo , whatever.. ) it 's just not worth it . mother : the distraught mother ( pictured ) , who also has two young daughters , said her sons had purchased a bag of spice in mccomb - as they had done on a regular basis - without realizing it was a bad batch . raising awareness : family friend jess hurley posted the images of the brothers hooked to life support machines on her facebook page earlier this month , asking people to pray for their family ( pictured ) . ' people smoke it because it does n't show up in drug tests . unfortunately , you do n't have to pass a drug test to die either . please spare the judgments . just warn your friends and family . and say a prayer for their mom , karen , and sisters while you 're at it . this is a huge , deadly deal ! ‪ # ‎spicekills‬ . ' she updated the post on april 13 . ' because of prayers and miracles , they are awake and home . however , they face enormous medical bills . please continue to pray for their health and struggles . they deserve the second chance god has given them ! ' she told users from across the world . last year , california teenager connor eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana . connor , 19 , fell asleep after taking the drug . his brain , deprived of oxygen , began to swell and he slipped into a coma . he was declared brain dead at hoag hospital in newport beach hours later . a deadly case : last year , california teen connor eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana . above , connor is pictured brain dead , surrounded by his family , shortly before his organs were donated . ' he gave into ( peer pressure ) - thinking that it was okay , it was somehow safe - and one hit later , he goes to sleep and never wakes up , ' connor’s father , devin eckhardt told ktla at the time . doctors were unable to detect spice in connor 's system - there is no way to trace its everchanging components . however , they knew he had taken it after finding the package of the drug in his pocket . connor 's family donated his organs after his death , in accordance with the teenager 's wishes . they later created a facebook page to warn others about the perils of synthetic marijuana . ' connor eckhardt died after taking one hit of synthetic marijuana ( spice , k2 , potpourri ) . this dangerous substance is legal . help us save lives by sharing , ' read a post on the page . 