a report on the threat posed by australian foreign fighters has cited the abbott government 's ' troubled relations ' with the muslim community as undermining efforts at countering violent extremism . the lowy institute report , released on thursday , says the large number of australians fighting in syria and iraq represents a ' serious national security threat ' but that the risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response . the new report comes just a day after the news of the death of melbourne model-turned-jihadist sharky jama . the australian was reportedly killed in syria while fighting with terrorist organisation islamic state . scroll down for video . a report on the threat posed by australian foreign fighters has blamed the abbott government 's troubled relations with the muslim community for worsening the situation . melbourne'ssharky jama was reportedly shot dead in syria after joining islamic state last year . mohamed elomar ( above ) is a boxer-turned-terrorist who fled sydney to join the islamic state in syria . the department of foreign affairs was unable to confirm sharky 's death as its capacity to do so was ' extremely limited ' . a spokesman for the department told daily mail australia consular assistance was no longer available within syria ' due to the extremely dangerous security situation ' . he further added australians who were involved in overseas conflicts were ' putting their own lives in mortal danger ' . ' any australians fighting with non-state militia in syria or iraq should end their involvement in the conflict now and leave the conflict zone , ' the spokesman said . ' australians are strongly advised not to travel to syria or iraq ; any australians in either country should leave immediately . ' khaled sharrouf 's fled to syria from western sydney . his 14-year-old daughter married mohamed elomar . sharrouf posted a photo last year of his son holding up a severed head , causing international uproar . the new report outlines how returned fighters pose a serious threat to australians . ' returned foreign fighters have been involved in many of the most serious jihadist plots in the west , including in australia , ' the report says . ' returnees from syria have already engaged in terrorist plots in europe , and the large number of australians involved with groups such as is ( islamic state ) and jabhat al-nusra raises well-founded fears of an increased threat at home . ' while much of the responsibility in dealing with the threat will lie with the police and intelligence services , the report says , it adds that programs aimed at countering violent extremism ( cve ) need to be a core element of the response . the report says ' questions remain ' as to how any new cve approach will be implemented by the government , and that ' troubled relations with australia 's muslim communities mean that its efforts to counter violent extremism are not off to the strongest of starts ' . propaganda prop : abdullah elmir , 17 , from western sydney , featured in a high-definition islamic state broadcast earlier this year . australian mahmoud adullatif , who is known as the ' playboy jihadi ' , died recently while fighting for is . melbourne woman zehra duman ( pictured above ) was married to abdullatif and has threatened australia . a successful cve approach should draw on the talent that already exists within relevant communities , the report said , but that ' community co-operation has been undermined ' by a lack of information about changes to the government 's approach , including funding of grant schemes . ' moreover , the poor consultation by the government with the muslim community on much of australia 's new counter-terrorism legislation as well as the prime minister 's ( tony abbott ) claim that muslim leaders are not doing enough to speak out against radical ideas have undermined the prospects for effective co-operation . ' the report said the abbott government 's introduction of number of cve programs , such as $ 13.4 million living safe together initiative , had been welcomed but that there were also valuable lessons to be learned from european countries , which had more experience in addressing the current foreign fighter threat . the wife of australian terrorist suhan rahman ( above ) also urged people to look up u.s. president barack obama 's white house schedule and ' take down that treacherous tyrant ' .