brynn johnson and cassie miller have known each other for some time , but seven months ago they were brought together by a terrible tragedy . cassie was in her car picking up brynn 's son for preschool in tenino , washington , when she accidentally ran over brynn 's younger daughter , 17-month-old rowyn , who was killed . incredibly though , brynn forgave cassie for what happened , acknowledging what happened as a horrific accident . ' it 's a hard thing to accept and a hard thing to swallow to this day , ' cassie told komo news . scroll down for video . pulled together by tragedy : brynn johnson ( left ) lost her young daughter rowyn in september last year after cassie miller ( right ) accidentally ran over the little girl with her car . the two dealt with the tragedy together . tragic : rowyn was only 17-months-old when she was killed instantly in the driveway of her home in tenino , washington , in september last year , by one of her mother 's friends . ' i mean , i struggle every day . ' brynn then added : ' and both of us blame ourselves . ' ' i think more so than blaming the other person we blame ourselves . ' the women helped each other get through the tragedy , which occurred on september 16 last year . in order to deal with their grief , they started a charity initiative called raise for rowyn , which raises money for families who have experienced child tragedies . i really feel a lot of the time i 'm just living for her and doing her work , ' cassie told komo . ' and i do want to make her proud . ' brynn added : ' her and god have this plan and we 're helping all of these families for them . ' the women even planted a memorial garden at brynn 's home to honor rowyn and the place she died . memorial : the women planted a garden in memory of rowyn and have also started a charity to help other families who have experienced a similar type of grief . r.i.p . : the women say they believe they were meant to help others following the death of rowyn . brynn ( left ) is pictured here with rowyn as a baby and her older young , while cassie ( right ) is also pictured rowyn , not too long before her death last year . on the raise for rowyn website , brynn explained what happened to her little on that fateful day last september . her and cassie 's sons had just started preschool together . ' we were working to get the boys loaded in the car when little 17-month-old rowyn climbed backwards down the front porch steps in her baby blue pajamas to come see us , ' the site noted . ' her big brother did not want to go to school that day and he was crying . ' having known one another for quite some time and our kids being in daycare together , we decided to just shut the car door and go anyway , knowing his tears would be short lived . ' we waved one last time , and the car slowly pulled forward . ' somehow in a matter of seconds rowyn was not where we thought she was . ' paramedics say that rowyn was killed instantly , and despite our desperate attempts to save her life there was nothing we could have done . ' the tragedy of september 16th has left holes and emptiness in many hearts . ' there is nothing we can do to rewind the day , but we hope to honor her memory with raise for rowyn . ' making a difference : the two women now run a charity called raise for rowyn and held their first fundraiser this month in washington . another is set for august . coming together : brynn and cassie say they think about rowyn every day , and hope their charity will help others get through their own personal tragedies . raise for rowyn had a fundraiser in april 18 and there is another one scheduled for august . the initiative has already raised enough to help three families struck by tragedy .   