tabby cat george turned up 128 miles from its home after apparently hitching a ride in a caravan . a runaway cat turned up 128 miles from his home after apparently hitching a ride in a caravan . george was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in north wales and was found on a doorstep in west yorkshire five weeks later . he has now been reunited with his owners after julia hill , who found the 18-year-old tabby outside her home in calderdale last week , posted on a lost and found cats facebook group . owners steven davison , 71 , and his wife susan , 68 , from llanrwst in the conwy valley , could n't believe their luck when their daughter gemma davison-lemalle , 30 , saw a picture of her childhood pet on the page . mrs davison-lemalle said : ' it 's a miracle . around a month ago , my dad drove to the garage in llanrwst and as he got out of the car , he thought he saw a cat running off in the corner of his eye . ' at the time he thought nothing of it and did n't say anything but when we got home that afternoon george was nowhere to be seen . ' we think george must have sneaked into the car and ran towards the caravan site that is nearby . ' we ca n't think of any other way of him getting to yorkshire other than stowing away in a vehicle or caravan belonging to a tourist . ' it 's absolutely bonkers to think he travelled so far . we wo n't be letting him out of our sight ever again . ' she revealed her pet had been was rescued from the bryn-y-maen animal shelter in colwyn bay when he was a kitten and was living with her parents when he disappeared . her mother , susan , said : ' goodness only knows how he got that far - he 's always been a curious cat but he 's never done anything like this before . he has now been reunited with owners steven davison and his wife susan ( pictured together with george ) . ' we thought we 'd lost him for good so it 's amazing to have him back . we 're over the moon . ' but the mammoth cross-country journey took its toll on the 18-year-old cat and when the family went to collect him they realised he had cat flu . ' when we got there we realised he was n't very well . he had cat flu , ' said gemma . ' he 's back where he belongs and he is happy and settled . ' ms hill , who found george and started the appeal , said the cat was ' poorly , thin and grumpy ' when he turned up on her doorstep . ' the cat just turned up outside my house last week , ' she said . gemma davison-lemalle , 30 , saw a picture of her childhood pet on the facebook group and got in touch . the 128-mile journey from llanrwst in the conwy valley to calderdale , west yorkshire , would have taken a minimum of four-and-a-half hours including two bus trips and three train changes . ' i took him to the local vets to see if he was chipped and they found he was registered to an address in north wales . ' he was so poorly , thin and grumpy , i think he may have died if we had n't taken pity on him . she added : ' i 'm sad he 's gone but i 'm really pleased he has gone home to his owners . ' steve and sue were so pleased to see him , he was sat outside when they arrived . ' it 's still a mystery how he got here , but hopefully he 's none the worse for his adventure . ' the 128-mile journey would have taken a minimum of four-and-a-half hours including two bus trips and three train changes . gemma said : ' we ca n't thank julia enough for taking such good care of him for us . we 're so excited to have him back . ' he has now been reunited with his owners ( together left ) after julia hill ( right ) , who found the 18-year-old tabby outside her home in calderdale last week , posted on a lost and found cats facebook group . 