jordan henderson insists he couldn’t be happier after completing the formalities of signing his new long-term contract . the 24-year-old liverpool midfielder put pen to paper on thursday morning on a deal worth more than £100,000 per week that will keep him at anfield until the summer of 2020 . henderson’s current terms had 12 months to run but leaving merseyside was never an option . henderson is the latest big name in brendan rodgers’ squad to commit his future to the club – deals for philippe coutinho and daniel sturridge were completed earlier in the campaign . jordan henderson is ' over the moon ' after signing a new long-term contract with liverpool . the club 's vice captain puts pen to paper on a deal which will keep him at liverpool until 2020 . henderson seen in training for liverpool at melwood on thursday afternoon . henderson shakes hands with liverpool captain steven gerrard during training at melwood . liverpool , who are expected to confirm that jordon ibe has signed a similar long-term extension before the end of the week , have been in negotiations since the start of the season with henderson’s advisers . he has not let the talks distract his focus and has been one of liverpool’s most consistent players , producing 13 assists and seven goals from midfield and , significantly , being promoted to the role of vice captain . rodgers will consider henderson for the role of club captain after steven gerrard moves to la galaxy at the end of the campaign but , for now , the england international is delighted to have agreed terms on a contract that will take him through the peak years of his career . ‘i’m over the moon that it’s all done just so i can concentrate on the future and what needs to be done now , said henderson , who arrived from sunderland in a £16million deal in june 2011 , when kenny dalglish was manager . jordan henderson , in action against aston villa at wembley on sunday , has agreed a new liverpool deal . henderson has enjoyed a strong campaign and could be handed the armband when steven gerrard leaves . asked if there was ever a point when he thought negotiations might not reach a successful conclusion , henderson replied : ‘ not really , no . for me it was just a case of leaving it to the club and my agent to sort it out . ‘ i always said that i wanted to stay at liverpool and there was no other club that i would go to . i wanted to commit my future and it was just a matter of time for my agent and the club to sort it out . thankfully today it’s done . ' henderson is keen to add to his trophy cabinet after winning just one trophy since sealing a move to liverpool in 2011 . ' hopefully we 've got many years ahead of winning trophies , ' henderson told liverpoolfc.com . ' i 'm the same as every other player , i want to be playing at the highest level - in the champions league , winning trophies and being very successful . ' i had good conversations with the manager about the future of the football club and it was very bright , i was very pleased with what i was hearing . ' i want to be a big part of that and hopefully i can . ' i feel there 's a lot of potential , but we need to start turning that potential into winning things . i 've got a good feeling that we can do that . ' henderson arrived from sunderland in a £16million deal in june 2011 , when kenny dalglish was manager . the liverpool midfielder shoots during liverpool 's fa cup semi-final defeat by aston villa . rodgers added : ' jordan is a brilliant professional and his dedication to his career and football in general makes him a role model to all young players . ' he has faced adversity in his time at liverpool , but his improvement , growth and development is entirely down to his own hunger , commitment and willingness to learn and be better . ' the fact he has made such a long-term commitment to liverpool is a sign of his belief in what we are looking to do here . he will have a crucial role to play as we look to take this side forward and look to add success to the progress we have made . ' i am very excited about our future and what this group can achieve together ; today 's announcement is another important positive step forward . '