if you struggle to get your child to go to school in the morning , don’t blame them - it could be your fault . our willingness to learn - or lack thereof - is significantly influenced by our genes , according to a large study . the researchers found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents . our willingness to learn is significantly influence by our genes , according to a study by goldsmiths university in london and ohio state university . more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research ( stock image shown ) . psychologists from goldsmiths university of london , and ohio state university in the us studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries , including the uk , canada , japan , germany , russia and the us . the researchers said they were surprised by the results , believing that the twins’ shared environment - elements such as the teachers and the family that they had in common - would be a larger factor than genetics . instead , genetics and non-shared-environment factors had the largest effect on the children’s motivation to learn , whereas the shared environment had negligible impact . genetics and non-shared-environment factors were found to have the largest effect on the children’s motivation to learn , whereas the shared environment had negligible impact ( stock image shown ) . a review of 308 studies involving more than 1.1 million children has now completely overturned this long-held stereotype . the study , which looked at data from 1914 to 2011 , suggests that girls do better in school than boys - and have been doing so for at least 100 years . the research also claims that girls do better at all ages , in all subjects and all over the world . according to the data , compiled by the university of new brunswick in canada , girls have been outperforming boys throughout their academic careers , from infant school to secondary school . accordingly , we should not jump to conclusions that a poor teacher or the child themselves is to blame for a lack of motivation in the classroom , the researchers said . ‘ we had pretty consistent findings across these different countries with their different educational systems and different cultures , ’ said professor stephen petrill , of ohio state university . ‘ it was surprising . the knee-jerk reaction is to say someone is not properly motivating the student , or the child himself is responsible . ‘ we found that there are personality differences that people inherit that have a major impact on motivation . ‘ that doesn’t mean we don’t try to encourage and inspire students , but we have to deal with the reality of why they are different . ’ the results don’t mean there is a specific gene for how much children enjoy learning , he added , but they suggest a complex process , involving many genes and gene-environment interactions that help influence a child’s motivation to learn . the study will be published in the journal personality and individual differences .