the father of a 6-year-old girl whose teeth were so rotten her life was endangered pleaded guilty to reckless endangerment . kenneth wanamaker jr , 37 , pleaded guilty on friday , weeks before a scheduled trial in the northhampton county , pennsylvania , case against him after the vast majority of his daughter 's teeth were found to be abscessed . a dentist had testified the girl 's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health . kenneth wanamaker jr , 37 , of northhampton county , pennsylvania , pleaded guilty to reckless endangerment after his daughter 's teeth were found to be in a possibly fatal condition ( file photo , august 14 ) . a dentist report said that the girl had fourteen abscessed . she had been scheduled for surgery in march but did not have the procedure because her parents did not set up a pre-operation examination . fourteen of the girl 's 20 teeth were either abscessed , and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay , the dentist said , according to the morning call . she had been scheduled to have surgery on her teeth in march but did not end up having an procedure because her parents never scheduled a pre-operation examination . wanamaker also pleaded guilty to false swearing and is eligible for parole . his sentence is two months to a year in prison , but he 's been in jail since having his bail revoked in december for failing to enroll in drug treatment and was still behind bars as of friday afternoon . defense attorney mark freeman said the girl 's treatment was put off while the family looked for an affordable way to pay for it . authorities still are investigating wanamaker and his partner jessica hoffman , 32 , in connection to the deaths of wanamaker 's other children . a seven-month-old baby boy tyler died of pneumonia in 2011 , and there were two stillborn deliveries since 2007 , one of which was linked to his hoffman 's methamphetamine abuse , prosecutors said . wanamaker ( right ) and his partner jessica hoffman ( left ) 32 , are also being investigated for the death of their 7-month-old baby boy in 2011 . wanamaker said that he and his partner are raising a happy , well-adjusted family that is involved in activities such as youth car racing . the mother had tested positive for meth in 2013 after arriving at the hospital with one of her still born baby krystopher 's arms already out of the birth canal , the morning call reported . she gave birth to another child last year . a district attorney said that he would reach a decision about further prosecutions within several weeks . wanamaker will also pay a $ 750 fine to local division of children , youth and families and complete 15 hours of community service as part of his sentence . hoffman , 32 , was said to have gained back custody of her children after complying with court supervision . the father told wpvi that he and his partner are raising a happy , well-adjusted family that is involved in activities such as youth car racing . other charges against wanamaker have been withdrawn . hoffman 's case has been moved to june after she received a new lawyer . arrangements are being made for the daughter to have oral surgery this summer .