it had seemed fake tan was here to stay after becoming a beauty staple for many women who wanted to emulate their favourite celebrities’ bronzed looks . but their determination to achieve the perfect glow appears to be fading away in favour of adopting a lighter look . the number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter ( 24.1 per cent ) from the year before , bringing the value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million . the number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter from last year . the product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including victoria beckham ( left ) and sam faiers ( right ) . georgia percy , of retail analysts kantar worldpanel , which gathered the data , said it suggests women are ‘ tending towards a more natural look’ . she added that artificial tanning products were the hardest hit sub-sector of the sun care market . and sandra vaughan , a beauty consultant for artificial tan brand fake bake , said the pale look is now more fashionable . fake tanning had become part of many women’s regular beauty regime thanks to its popularity among celebrities such as former spice girl victoria beckham , the stars on strictly come dancing and the cast – both male and female – of reality tv show the only way is essex . but even the towie crew themselves admit the look can easily go wrong . sam faiers , who was a brand ambassador for fake bake , has described her horror at looking unnaturally orange on occasion . pale skin icons include the likes of keira knightley , pictured ( above ) at the 87th annual academy awards , cara delevingne and gwyneth paltrow . she said : ‘ just before christmas i overdid it with the fake tan . i made my legs too dark and i just thought , what have i done ? ! ’ other towie performers have admitted similar errors , including lauren goodger , who was a particularly vivid colour when attending a woman’s own event last year . even the programme itself has ridiculed the dangers of fake tan . charlie sims became a laughing stock after emerging from a spay tan session designed to improve his appearance and self-esteem only to look like an orange extra from the famous tango tv commercials . his sister , chloe sims , famously stripped off to be the face and body of montana tan’s starship range . georgia percy , from kantar worldpanel , said sales of artificial tanning products were the hardest hit sub-sector of the suncare market in 2014 . ‘ as with total suncare , the key contributor to decline was fewer shoppers , suggesting women are tending towards a more natural look , ’ she said . lou ellerton , of consultants the value engineers , told the grocer magazine : ‘ reality tv shows were effectively ongoing ads for fake tan but they passed their peak . 'it’s like fake tan has been off the air for a while . ’ pale skin icons include the likes of keira knightley , cara delevingne and gwyneth paltrow . the weather has also played a part , she said . ‘ if skin is not on show , why dress it up ? ’