marcelo bosch basked in the gratitude of his team-mates after kicking saracens into the semi-finals of the champions cup in dramatic scenes in north paris . bosch , striking the ball into a strong wind , landed a 55-metre penalty in the final act of the last eight showdown against racing metro to snatch a 12-11 victory at the stade yves-du-manoir . it completed a scarcely believable win given saracens had been battered for most of the match only to display remarkable tenacity and set up a semi-final appointment with clermont in st etienne in two weeks . marcelo bosch kicks the winning penalty as saracens beat racing metro 12-11 . bosch is mobbed by his team-mates after scoring the kick that won his team the game . saracens director of rugby mark mccall admitted he was surprised to see bosch taking the penalty . ' with kicks like this you 're either the hero of the day or the bad guy , so i 'm happy that it went my way . i just stayed relaxed and fortunately it went through the posts , ' bosch , 31 , said . ' sometimes they ask me if i 'm keen to take the long-range kicks and because of the wind it was not a good distance for the other kickers . i said ' why not ? i can take it ' and the rest is history . ' the last time i did a kick like that was when i was 21 and playing for an amateur club in argentina . it was from more or less the same range against our classico rivals . ' it was a great memory for me , but it was a long time ago . i tried to be as relaxed as possible because we had the wind in our face and i did n't want to force it . ' it was the last minute of the game so i was tired and tried not to think about what it represented . ' bosch also executed a try-saving tackle on racing wing juan imhoff when all his argentina team-mate had to do was fall over the line for a potentially decisive final-quarter try . ' juan is a real player . he 's like a striker - always smelling the goal . i followed him and fortunately stopped him from scoring at the end , ' bosch said . until bosch delivered the knockout blow - referee nigel owens awarded the penalty with 10 seconds left on the clock - a full blooded quarter-final that was often a poor spectacle appeared to be destined for a home win . saracens fly-half charlie hodgson kicked one penalty and full-back alex goode supplied six points to keep the match favourites in sight . two second-half penalties from scrum-half maxime machenaud , who also crossed for the game 's solitary try in the 27th minute , placed racing in control that the parisians only relinquished as owens was preparing to blow for full time . ' i was surprised to see it was bosch taking it because i though it was in alex goode 's range , ' saracens director of rugby mark mccall said . ' but the wind was very strong , so it was bosch 's range . he had the nerve and balls to say he wanted it , which is half the battle . he hit it pretty sweetly . ' marcelo is pretty cool . he 's pretty laid back , but like anybody , that 's one of those kicks that if you miss it can cause the damage . ' i 'm very grateful that he held his nerve . he also made the tackle on our goalline that kept us in the match as well . chris ashton ( left ) of saracens is tackled by juan imhoff of racing metro in the quarter-final clash . alex goode ( centre ) of saracens sprints with the ball as jamie roberts ( right ) approaches . ' we were n't great in the first half even though we had a very strong wind behind us . but that 's where it turned around and i 'd say our second half performance was as courageous , brave and hard working as i 've seen . ' we went hunting and kept knocking them down and scrapped for absolutely everything . ' racing 's wales centre jamie roberts was distraught at the outcome . ' i 'm hugely frustrated and gutted for the team . we thought we had it in the bag . that last minute cost us so fair play to marcelo with the kick at the end , ' roberts said . 