a 60-stone woman once dubbed ' britain 's fattest teenager ' has been dramatically lifted out of her home by a crane during a seven-hour emergency operation to take her to hospital . a number of roads had to be closed in the neighbourhood as firefighters worked to remove georgia davis , 22 , from her specially-adapted flat in aberdare , south wales . at the height of the operation yesterday , neighbours said there were 12 fire , police and ambulance vehicles at the property . scroll down for video . georgia davis , 22 ( pictured ) has been lifted from her home in aberdare , south wales , by a crane during a seven-hour emergency operation to take her to hospital . the young woman has previously had to be removed from another property in 2012 . at the height of today 's operation , neighbours said there were 12 fire , police and ambulance vehicles at the property . french doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to winch the morbidly obese woman out of her home using the crane . it is the second time ms davis has had to be rescued in such a way . an eye-witness , who asked not to be named , told the daily mirror : ' it 's absolute chaos . there 's 999 vehicles everywhere and dozens of emergency service workers . ' all the roads are shut down and parents and school transport ca n't get to the nearby schools and colleges , it 's been complete lock down all day . ' retired margaret evans , 79 , who also lives on the road , said she believed that ms davis fell and was unable to get back up again . she told mailonline : ‘ there was loads of traffic here . they had the crane and they shut all the roads . i don’t think they could get her out of the house . ‘ they were here for ages , all afternoon . there were police cars in the middle of the road and no one could get in or out . ‘ they tried to get her out and they had to take out the french windows eventually . there were so many people crowded watching . ‘ somebody said she fell , if she did i expect she couldn’t get back up again . ‘it’s not very nice , it was quite a disturbance . ’ ms evans said she had a stint in hospital at the same time as ms davis a few years ago . she said : ‘ they had to put three hospital beds together for her and she had her own room . ‘ somebody said she’s 50 stone now . i know she was 30 stone in hospital . ’ french doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to lift the young woman out using the crane . today 's operation ( left and right ) took seven hours . an eye-witness , who asked not to be named , said it was ' absolute chaos ' . several roads had to be closed . neighbour janice love described ms davis as a ‘lovely’ person and said she always gives her a wave when she passes her house . she said : ‘i’ve spoken to her a lot of times and she’s so nice . i’ve got daughters that age and it’s so sad . ‘ we wave into her through the window and sometimes she stands outside with her dog . she always waves back and is more than happy to chat . ‘ she has two friends living with her , one i think is her carer . ‘she’s very quiet . i hope she’s going to be alright . she’s such a lovely person . ’ ms davis , who has suffered with yo-yo dieting for most of her life , also had to be removed from another property on a crane in 2012 . during that incident , a 40-strong team of builders , scaffolders and crew from all three emergency services was involved in the complex operation to remove ms davis from her home . as well as knocking down walls , the emergency services were forced to build a temporary ramp from the first floor of the house to the pavement to get her out . local traffic also had to be diverted . the operation to cut into her home , which came after she telephoned her mother to say she could n't stand up , cost emergency workers an estimated £100,000 . the young woman also had to be removed from another property on a crane in 2012 . a 40-strong team of builders , scaffolders and crew from all three emergency services were involved in that incident . as well as knocking down walls , the emergency services were forced to build a temporary ramp from the first floor of the house to the pavement to get her out . local traffic also had to be diverted . after that rescue operation , ms davis was admitted to the prince charles hospital in merthyr tydfil where she stayed for several months due to suffering organ failure . while there , she dropped down to 40stone . at the time she vowed to lose more weight and get her life back on track , saying : ‘ i 'm sick of being like this - i 'm getting my life back . ’ she went on to lose 18st in four months . ms davies , who has suffered from bullying for most of her life , originally started to gain weight when she began comfort eating following the death of her father . but in august 2008 , a 33st ms davies was told by doctors to ' lose 20 stones or die . ' spurred into action , she attended a £3,600-a-month diet academy in the u.s - dubbed ' fat camp ' - for nine months , during which time she shrank to 18st and beat her type 2 diabetes . while at the wellspring academy in north carolina , she was seen by behavioural coaches , food psychologists and fitness trainers and encouraged to walk 10,000 steps every day . but , after returning to the uk in june 2009 , she discovered her step-father had cancer . she moved back into her parents ' home and started putting on weight again . in less than a year , she had piled on another ten stone . miss davies , who has suffered from bullying for most of her life , originally started to gain weight when she began comfort eating following the death of her father . she is pictured here as a toddler . her mother says georgia was always a large child . she is pictured here eating a lolly as a toddler . the 5ft 6in woman admitted how she used to order up to 20 kebabs each week from a takeaway and gorge throughout the day on chocolate , crisps and two litre bottles of coca cola . her mother lesley has also previously spoken of her guilt over the woman 's obesity . in an interview , she said she and her daughter had started comfort eating after her husband geoff died when ms davis was five . but she said she had later made a determined effort to change their diets – such as making her own chips instead of buying them from the takeaway . a spokeswoman for cwm taf university health board said : ' we can confirm that the fire service was brought in earlier today to assist us with access to a property in order to safely transport a patient into hospital . we do not comment on individual patients . '