a dog who was living in a shelter for the past five years has finally gone home to a loving family in new york state after his photo was shared on social media . chester , a 6-year-old pit bull mix , had been housed at the north fork animal welfare league on long island . the poor pooch had been living in new york state shelters since 2010 and it looked as though things were going to remain that way , until a picture that was shared online garnered sympathy from across the country . scroll down for video . how could you say no ? this is the picture that secured chester a loving home . long-time coming : chester , a six-year-old pit bull , was found as a stray and had been living in shelters for the past five years . welcome to the family : on friday morning , dana dor , her husband adi , and their boys , aidan and brandon , headed from their lake ronkonkoma home to meet chester . the shelter , which is based in riverhead on long island posted a picture on thursday that was hard for dog-lovers to resist . it showed chester with a sign around his neck . an image that was clearly designed to tug at the heartstrings of dog-lovers . ' why does n't anybody want me ? i 've been waiting 5 years . everyone at the shelter tells me what a good boy i am . so why has no one adopted me ? i promised to be good and love my new family . please maybe you are my new family/ i sit and wait for you to come , ' the message pleaded . the picture was shared more than 6,000 times and inquires about adopting chester poured in from all over the world . ' it was crazy . i posted the original photo on the league 's facebook page and by later that day there were over 6000 shares , ' nfawl manager gabby stroup said . ' there were more phone calls then i can count ; the phone just never stopped . people called from illinois , north carolina , south carolina , mississippi , michigan , oregon , new jersey wisconsin , nova scotia , australia and more — people were tearing up as they called . ' tugging at heartstrings : staring with his sad puppy dog eyes into the camera , chester sat with a paw draped over a sign which read : ' why does n't anybody want me ? saying goodbye : saturday morning , volunteers came to the shelter to say good-bye to chester , a longtime favorite among those who 'd come regularly to walk him and give him belly rubs and kisses . within a couple of days of the posting , chester was adopted by a family with two sons from new york . they came to take him home on saturday . ' a woman named dana called me inquiring about him ; a friend of hers from michigan had shared chester 's picture on her page , ' ms stroup said . ' dana and i talked about chester for a bit ; she wanted to talk it over with her family . ' on friday morning , dana dor , her husband adi , and their boys , aidan and brandon , headed from their lake ronkonkoma home to meet chester . ' they came and met him and it is just a perfect match , ' stroup said to southold local.com . ' it was by far the most amazing thing i have ever seen — the amount of people who shared and called or emailed was amazing . this was one of the happiest days , ' ms stroup said . yesterday morning , volunteers came to the shelter to say good-bye to chester . after five years , he had become a longtime favorite among those who 'd come regularly to walk him . so happy together : dana dor said the family lost two yorkies , five years ago , the same amount of time that chester has been waiting for his forever family . ' we think he was waiting for us , ' mrs dor said . part of the family : adi dor sets up a cage for chester to sleep in at his new home . settling in : chester had found his perfect match in the dor family and was soon taken for a new life at their lake ronkonkoma home . the dors arrived and chester seemed to like the family instantly , covering their faces with licks and kisses . ' we saw him and we felt connected . it was meant to be , ' adi dor said ; his wife said her husband had tears in his eyes the first time he met chester . their two young boys were delighted with the new addition to their family . they had been asking for a dog for some time . ms stroup said it was all down to the power of facebook and the pleading message that hung around chester 's neck . the shelter has received a lot of attention as a result of chester 's plight and intends to use it 's facebook page to help other long-term residents of the refuge find new homes . puppy power : using the power of social media the animal shelter took a picture of the poor pooch and posted it onto a facebook page where it received 6,000 likes and chester found a loving home .