classical singer camilla kerslake was centre of attention at sunday 's olivier awards after she suffered a wardrobe malfunction as she arrived with england rugby skipper boyfriend chris robshaw . wearing a daring , backless black dress , camilla , 26 , showed off more than she bargained for in her revealing floor-length gown . despite being accompanied by robshaw , who played for harlequins in their 29-26 premiership victory over gloucester 24 hours earlier , the cameras were firmly trained on the singer . scroll down for video . daring : camilla kerslake showed off more than she bargained for in a daring backless gown at the olivier awards with mastercard in london on sunday where she was accompanied by chris robshaw . posing with their arms around each other , the 'pre-engaged ' couple looked the picture of happiness . ' chris and i are on the same page and we definitely plan to get married in the near future , ' the singer recently told the mail on sunday in her first interview about her famous boyfriend . ' some people call it a pre-engagement . it 's all about timing – at the moment we 're both so busy with work . pre-engaged : camilla was joined by her england rugby captain boyfriend chris robshaw but her dress was the focus of attention . ' i even had to spend valentine 's day outside in the cold sandwiched between hordes of angry men as i cheered chris on during his game . ' 'pre-engagement ' is a growing trend , with thousands of couples now choosing ' promise ' rings ahead of a formal proposal . camilla , though , has her eye on the real thing , and has been spotted scouting engagement rocks at tiffany . racy : camilla flashed more than hint of sideboob in her dramatically racy floor-length gown . one way to get attention : kerslake 's dress made sure she stood out on the star-studded red carpet . so far , her 6ft 2in boyfriend has been notably reticent when friends have quizzed him on the subject . but camilla appears undeterred . ' it 's tricky now as i 'm currently locked away in the studio recording my third album and chris is obviously incredibly busy and focused on his rugby and the six nations . ' but he gets back from england camp in april and the six nations boys have some time off in may and weekends off in june , so we 'll have more time to ourselves then , ' she added . ' as soon as things calm down for both of us work-wise , we 'll start making plans . ' tight game : robshaw ( not pictured ) played for his club harlequins against gloucester on saturday . loved up : the happy couple cosied up to each other as they arrived for the awards in london on sunday . meanwhile , memphis : the musical and carole king show beautiful lead the race for britain 's equivalent of broadway 's tonys , with a clutch of nominations each , including best new musical . memphis , set in the segregated 1950s american south , has nine nominations , including best actress in a musical for soul-singer star beverley knight . beautiful has eight , with katie brayben a contender for her performance as chart-topping songwriter king . the other nominees for best new musical are sunny afternoon , the story of the kinks , and imelda marcos-inspired here lies love , created by david byrne and fatboy slim . inseparable : the classical singer met chris when she performed at a charity dinner in 2011 . leaving little to the imagination : the dress showed off every inch of the blonde singer 's body . best-actress nominees are gillian anderson for a streetcar named desire , kristin scott thomas for electra , imelda staunton for good people and penelope wilton for taken at midnight . best actor contenders are james mcavoy for the ruling class , tim pigott-smith for king charles iii , mark strong for a view from the bridge and richard armitage for the crucible . former x factor judge nicole scherzinger is guaranteed an ovation when she takes to the stage at tonight 's olivier awards , but could be going home with a gong as well after she was nominated for her role in the revival of cats . the singer will share the bill with names including talking heads frontman david byrne , downton abbey 's laura carmichael , dame judi dench , chiwetel ejiofor , pixie lott and russell tovey . a beauty : she styled her blonde hair to one side , while wearing dramatic red lipstick and taupe eyewear to give the look a perfect flourish . scherzinger , nominated for best supporting actress in a musical for her role as grizabella in cats , will perform memory from the hit show . there will be huge cheers if there is a win for 89-year-old angela lansbury , up for best supporting actress for playing scatterbrained psychic madame arcati in blithe spirit . other nominees include gemma arterton who is up for best actress in a musical for her made in dagenham performance - her first onstage singing role - as factory worker rita o'grady . she is pitted against tamsin greig ( women on the verge of a nervous breakdown ) , beverley knight ( memphis the musical ) and katie brayben ( beautiful - the carole king musical ) . new productions memphis the musical and beautiful - the carole king musical lead the nominations for individual productions , with nine and eight nods respectively . pose for cameras : she happily perfected her red pout as she made her way down the red carpet . beaming : the gorgeous couple looked to be in great spirits as they arrived together at the star-studded event .