a husband has penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother . steven nelms writes in the essay 's introduction that he ca n't afford his wife to be a stay-at home . ' i do n't at all mean to offend anyone with this post , ' he writes . ' i 'd like to explain exactly what that means so that no one thinks i 'm in any way devaluing stay-at-home moms . ' steven nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother to their two-year-old son ezra . ' on the contrary , i mean that i quite literally can not afford my wife to be staying at home . ' nelms told the independent journal review that his wife , glorianna , stays at home with the couple 's two-year-old son ezra because of high child care costs . but nelms said working has always been a part of gloriana 's life , who had been employed since she was 14 and was contributing to her family 's income when she was 17 . ' getting a paycheck was significant part of feeling valued and appreciated for all the hard work she did to provide for herself and help her family , ' he sad . so nelms , from plano , texas , decided to write an essay , which was posted on we are glory , in which he would break-down the monetary value of everything his wife does to care for the family . ' yes , my wife is my son’s mother and it is a natural result of being a parent to love and care for your own child , ' he writes . ' there is also a very quantifiable dollar amount that can be attributed to the services rendered . ' ' i am in no way trying to simplify , objectify , or devalue the priceless love of a mother for her child , ' he wrote . ' but let’s be real . pay day feels good for a reason . because you’re seeing your hard work appreciated in a tangible way that lets you “ treat yo self” ' . in the essay nelms says he ' ca n't afford ' his wife to be a stay-at-home mother , and then breaks down the monetary value of all that she provides . ' i would have to make over $ 100k to even begin to be able to cover my living expenses as well as employ my wife as a stay-at-home mom ! ' he writes . nelms said that he felt ' ashamed ' for every time his wife felt she did n't have ' as much right to our income as i do ' and that his income ' does n't even come close to covering what she does for our family ' . nelms estimates that the childcare his wife provides is worth $ 36,660 a year , the annual-salary for a full-time nanny . he also estimates this his wife does $ 5,200 worth of cleaning a year , $ 12,480 of cooking , and $ 13,520 for buying groceries and running errands . after adding that his wife helps deal with the family 's finances and does the laundry , he concludes that his wife 's annual salary should be $ 73,960 . ' i would have to make over $ 100k to even begin to be able to cover my living expenses as well as employ my wife as a stay-at-home mom ! ' he writes . ' in short , i can’t afford for my wife to stay at home . and i’ve tragically failed to show my wife the appreciation that she deserves . ' nelms admits in the essay that he has felt ' ashamed ' every time he has ever made his wife feel guilty of humored when she has bought something for herself . ' i am ashamed that she has ever felt like she does n't have just as much right to our income as i do . the fact of the matter is that our income does n't even come close to covering what she does for our family . ' ' she loves me , loves our son , and loves our family , so obviously she isn’t doing any of those things for a paycheck or even for recognition . ' ' but it certainly doesn’t hurt to know that as a stay-at-home mom her appraised salary is nearly double my actual income . ' nelms concludes the essay by telling his wife ' you are more precious than rubies . ' nelms concludes the essay by telling his wife ' you are more precious than rubies ' .