a man accused of chopping up his friend 's body and dumping his severed head in an apartment block 's recycling bin had previously started a bloody fight at his gym , it has emerged . carlos colina , 32 , is being held on $ 1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in cambridge , massachusetts on monday . the remains of jonathan camilien , 26 , including a torso and limbs , were found in a duffel bag near the campus of massachusetts institute of technology on saturday morning before his head was found in colina 's apartment building across the street , according to the police report . now the boston herald has unearthed police reports and witness accounts showing colina had intimidated fellow gym users and even fought them before being thrown out . accused : carlos colina is pictured at his arraignment in cambridge , massachusetts on monday after human body parts were discovered in a duffel bag and a head was found in his building 's recycling bin . colina previously worked out at the cambridge athletic club but was kicked out following a fight over gym equipment on november 24 . a witness told the herald how colina started punching a much smaller man all over his body as the man unsuccessfully tried to fight back . he suffered bloody cuts to his head , the witness said . ' the trainers broke the fight up , ' he said . ' carlos gets up and starts walking away , yelling , `` i 'm a beast ! i 'm a beast ! ’ like he was proud of himself . ' the victim suffered broken ribs in the attack , whdh reported . colina has an outstanding assault and battery case pending against him from the fight . the witness said that before the november incident , colina stood and glared at other gym users if they were using gym equipment he wanted . ' intimidating ' : colina , pictured in photos he posted to facebook , also has an outstanding assault and battery case pending against him after he allegedly attacked a fellow gym user last november . ' threats ' : a witness said colina had also intimidated other gym users when he wanted to use equipment . colina is believed to have known his alleged victim ; he is friends with his younger brother , christopher camilien , on facebook . the two brothers lived together in somerville . middlesex district attorney marian ryan said camilien 's death is considered a homicide , even though colina has not been charged with murder . she said analysis of evidence and more information from the medical examiner are needed to determine if additional charges are warranted . ' we are not seeking anyone else in connection with the discovery of these human remains , ' she said . no motive has been released . colina and camilien were last seen returning to the building just after 11pm on friday , according to the investigation , and a neighbor reported hearing an argument coming from the apartment . colina was seen in surveillance video from nearby biogen offices exiting the apartment building at about 4.15am on saturday carrying a duffel bag , authorities said . scene : a vacuum could be heard inside his building , pictured , after police discovered the victim 's head . probe : police stand by where the remains of jonathan camilien were discovered in cambridge on saturday . he returned to the apartment building empty handed . a saw , rope and cleaning supplies were found in colina 's apartment , which is located one block from the cambridge police department . he also had wounds on his face and neck and a vacuum could be heard during the search when police discovered the victim 's head , according to theboston globe . defense attorney john cunha jr. called it a sensational case . ' obviously the circumstances of the case are sensational enough , ' he said . ' i 'm not going to exacerbate it . ' a pretrial hearing has been scheduled for april 14 .