a cross-dressing robber who allegedly held up a northwest melbourne service station with a homemade machine gun is in custody . wearing a blonde curly wig , red lipstick , a mauve skirt and wide brimmed hat , the man allegedly robbed the taylors hill store last month , police say . he allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a homemade machine gun he pulled out of a bag before making off with cash . scroll down for video . this is the moment an unsuspecting shop assistant came face to face with a man dressed as a woman brandishing a fake firearm during a robbery in watervale , victoria . a 23-year-old taylors hill man was arrested over the incident on thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery . police said on friday a 23-year-old taylors hill man was arrested on thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery . he was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates court at a later date . a police statement said that investigators were told the cross-dressing robber entered the service station on taylors road in taylors hill just before 7.30pm . the man walked to a drink fridge and after browsing what was on sale he went to the counter where he confronted a female staff member . the man was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates court at a later date . as the shop assistant looks on the robber reaches down into the black bag he 's been carrying . the robber pulls out what appears to be a fake machine gun from his bag . he suddenly produced what appeared to be an imitation machine gun from a black bag and demanded the money from the till . the staff member handed over a quantity of cash which the robber placed in a bag , along with the fake firearm , and made his exit from the store . other customers were in the store at the time of the robbery , however no one was injured during the incident . pointing the fake machine gun directly at the shop assistant he demands the money from the till . the terrified shop assistant does what they 're told and opens the till to give the robber the cash .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .