authorities have said an underground electrical fire is blamed for a explosion that sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet above a buffalo street in a blast that was captured by a television news photographer . the fire began around 11:30 a.m. sunday on tupper street in downtown buffalo , wgrz reported . police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes , according to the television station . interview : this man was speaking to a local news station when the second of three explosions sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet above a buffalo street . close encounter : the cover flew high into the air as the man yelled 'heads-up ! ' several times . a buffalo fire department official told wgrz the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air . a wgrz photojournalist was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred about a half-block behind him - and a manhole soon went up toward the sky . ' we were uh , had pretty much evacuated the building , ' the man said on camera . ' we were waiting for the children to finish evacuating - ' the video then shows the cover flying high into the air as the man yells 'heads-up ! ' several times . the cover landed near a firefighter and a utility truck . there were no injuries , wgrz reported . the man soon continued his interview with the nbc affiliate , saying ' that fire 's traveling , cause the first manhole actually was a little bit up the street on tupper . danger : a buffalo fire department official has said the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air . back on the ground : the cover landed near a firefighter and a utility truck . ' that second one was right here at the corner , so the fire seems to be coming down the street towards this way , and pretty much what you just seen right there is what we heard a moment ago when the first explosion took place . ' the man told wgrz ' it 's definitely startling . ' a third explosion took place around 2pm sunday , the buffalo fire department told the news station . the fire department 's capt . keith burke told wivb ' apparently the wires in the manholes were burning and there were some small explosions happening so national grid arrived on location . ' national grid told local media it was figuring out what was behind the fire . incident : firefighters were spotted on the scene in downtown buffalo on sunday . threat : smoke is seen emanating . police reportedly evacuated two buildings sunday . response : both fire and police vehicles swarmed the buffalo street on sunday . 