a tennessee high school 's football coach was assaulted in his office tuesday , allegedly by a student who 'd inquired about trying out for the team . ron aydelott , head coach for the riverdale high school warriors in murfreesboro for nearly ten years , suffered serious facial injuries in the attack , which will require surgery . witnesses said aydelott in no way provoked the attack but that the 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt ' disrespected , ' reports news channel five network . scroll down for video . attacked : ron aydelott , head coach for the riverdale high school warriors in murfreesboro for nearly ten years , suffered serious facial injuries after being attacked by a 17-year-old student tuesday . ' he basically just got attacked , ' principal tom nolan told the daily news journal . ' the kid just went nuts on him . coach aydelott was sitting down at his desk and the guy just kept whaling on him . ' he finally stopped . the kid then walked into the office , put his hands behind his back and surrendered . ' the boy was reportedly in the coach 's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team . the student was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault , according to a statement from the rutherford county sheriff 's department . ' it 's been pretty crazy since that [ the alleged assault ] happened , ' student jasper hold told news channel five . ' a kid came in and i guess they got into it and ended up fighting . ' ' he basically just got attacked , ' murfreesboro 's riverdale high school principal tom nolan said . ' the kid just went nuts on him . coach aydelott was sitting down at his desk and the guy just kept whaling on him . ' longtime coach : aydelott has been a coach at riverdale nearly 10 years . prior to that , he coached football at hillsboro high nearer to nashville . in addition to coaching riverdale 's football team , aydelott teaches driver 's education classes . aydelott was transported to a hospital then transferred to vanderbilt hospital in nashville . ' he will have to undergo some surgery , ' nolan said . ' we 're just in total shock . ' the boy is due back in court wednesday , where he 'll learn whether he 'll be held as a juvenile offender or adult . according to wkrn , the student has no history of disciplinary problems at the school . as for coach aydelott , students were sending their positive thoughts in the hope he 'll be back to normal soon . ' i hope he makes it through because he was my teacher for a time and he was pretty nice to me and to my other fellow students . so i hope that he gets better soon , ' student kera pasquerilla said . ' he will have to undergo some surgery ' : the longtime coach suffered serious facial injuries . police say the parent , annika mckenzie , 34 , walked into alverta b . gray schultz middle school in hempstead , new york last week without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter 's math teacher , catherine engelhardt . mckenzie believed engelhardt had ' put her hands ' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day , according to abc 7 . engelhardt refused to speak with mckenzie , telling her to first get a security pass . a fight then ensued . authorities say the teacher was shoved against the wall , placed in a headlock and thrown to the floor . several students also became involved in the attack , including mckenzie 's 14-year-old niece . another teacher was able to break up the melee and attend to engelhardt . she was unconscious for several minutes and rushed to winthrop university hospital . attacked and left unconscious : this photo , taken inside alverta b . gray schultz middle school in hempstead , new york , on wednesday , shows math teacher catherine engelhardt knocked out following the assault .    