an australian plus-sized model has revealed her skinnier counterparts have only ' one cracker and a couple glasses of water ' per day to keep thin in the lead up to fashion week . laura wells has found international success as a size 14 model , including appearing in cosmopolitan and australian women 's weekly magazines . having lived and worked with other less curvy models in new york city , wells has seen the shocking sacrifices they make to keep skinny . scroll down for video . laura wells ( left ) has found international success as a size 14 model , including appearing in cosmopolitan and australian women 's weekly magazines . ' it goes to the extremes - no food being eaten , prescription dietary pills , agents telling girls that they’re only allowed to have one cracker and a couple glasses of water leading up to fashion week per day , ' wells told australian women 's weekly . the model believed this was not healthy and also took a toll on their mental health as well . ' these girls are going to the extremes to look like that and not being booked for any jobs and they 're living with a plus-sized model who 's working every single day , and comparing themselves to me who 's eating really healthy , ' she said . in the interview with the magazine , wells also revealed she was very resistant to taking up a career as a fashion model . wells was spotted by talent scouts in new york city in 2005 and said at first she was offended at being asked to be a plus-sized model because of her misconceptions about the term . the 177-centimetre beauty was studying science and law when she was spotted in new york city by talent scouts in 2005 . she said she felt insulted the first time she was asked to be a plus-sized model because of her misconceptions about the term . ' i wanted to punch everyone in the face ... [ i thought ] basically they were calling me fat , ' wells said . ' that was my perception of the word `` plus size '' , that people were calling me `` fat '' . ' she has modelled for myer , macy 's , david jones , bloomingdale 's and asos to name a few brands . wells said while she was a plus-sized model who was defined as someone who was ' four to six sizes bigger than a standard model ' , she was not 'plus-sized in reality ' . since then wells has gone to model for macy 's , bloomingdale 's , myer , david jones , berlei and asos . despite her career breakthroughs , she thinks people 's perception of body image still has a long way to go . ' it 's slowly changing but not to the extent where it needs to be , ' wells said . ' it needs to be at the point where it’s celebrated anymore ... why isn’t it just seen as normal ? '   