more than 200 yazidi prisoners have been set free in northern iraq after nearly a year in islamic state captivity , kurdish military has said today . the freed prisoners said that they had been led to believe they were being led to their execution , but instead , were piled onto a minibus that drove them to peshmerga positions . the yazidis , made up of women , children and the elderly , are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect . fear : the 216 prisoners , including 40 children , believed they were being led to their execution , but instead , were piled onto minibuses that drove them to a handover southwest of kirkuk . released : an elderly man is being cared for by peshmerga troops while a young girl cries as she is being offered water by a kuridsh soldier after their release . relief : a newly released yazidi woman reacts upon her arrival in the village of himera , southwest of kirkuk , after she and hundreds of other yazidis had been held captive since last summer . praise be : two elderly women give thanks for being set free . some of the yazidis are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect . free at last : a mother hugs here young child in celebration at being released . the freed yazidis were taken away by ambulances and buses to receive treatment and care . saved : this elderly yazidi woman was one of the lucky ones to be released . no reason was given for the decision by isis . the 216 prisoners have been held captive in the islamic state since last summer when militants attacked their villages in the area around sinjar in northwestern iraq . general hiwa abdullah , a peshmerga commander in the northern iraqi city of kirkuk , said that about 40 children are among those released , while the rest were elderly , some of whom were too exhausted and disoriented to speak . no reason was given for the release of the prisoners , which took place in himera just southwest of kirkuk , 180 miles north of baghdad . the freed yazidis were taken away by ambulances and buses to receive treatment and care . one elderly woman said she had been captured by the insurgents last august when they overpowered kurdish forces in the sinjar area and proceeded to purge its yazidi population , killing hundreds and taking thousands captive . emotional scenes : once the yazidi prisoners , made up of women , children and the elderly , realised they were not being executed but freed , many broke down by the roadside . newly released members of the yazidi minority , including one girl with an injured leg , wait for medical help after being set free by isis . saved : an officer from the kurdish forces carries an elderly yazidi woman at the checkpoint in near kirkuk . a woman splashes her face with water given out by a kurdish peshmerga soldier . the 216 yazidis piled onto a minibus that then drove them to peshmerga positions . yazidi families embrace after isis let them go . about 40 children were among those released . a man shields his face from the hot sun . yazidi community leaders were there to receive the freed women , children , elderly and disabled and an ambulance was on standby . the woman , who asked not to be named , said she had told her son and two young daughters to run away as the militants closed in , but stayed behind herself because she was unwell and did not want to slow them down . ' i had lost hope of seeing my children again , but today it has happened , ' she said as they embraced her and wept . it was not clear why the radical jihadists had decided to release the yazidis , whom they consider devil-worshippers , but the group previously freed 200 more it was holding under similarly mysterious circumstances . yazidi activists say many remain in the hands of islamic state , which has often subjected women to rape or sexual slavery . iraqi yazidis are seen at the entrance of a checkpoint in kirkuk after their release by the islamic state militants near kirkuk , northern iraq . the 216 prisoners have been held captive in the islamic state since last summer when militants attacked their villages in the area around sinjar in northwestern iraq . the united nations said last month that the islamic state may have committed genocide against the minority . some of the yazidis said they had been held in the islamic state stronghold of tel afar most of the time , but in the days leading up to their release , they were moved from one town to another in islamic state 's self-proclaimed caliphate . yazidi community leaders were there to receive them and an ambulance was on standby . yazidi activists say many remain in the hands of islamic state , which has often subjected women to rape or sexual slavery . the united nations said last month that the islamic state may have committed genocide against the minority . the yazidis are an ancient , predominantly kurdish people who follow their own religion derived from islam , christianity and zoroastrianism .