watching the first male skier to ever clinch four straight world cup titles fly through snowcapped slopes is impressive enough . but talented marcel hirscher added a little extra flare to his downhill slalom run by bringing the pistes alive with a colourful display . the skier teamed up with the red bull media house and starelation to create the unusual stunt , using coloured powder packed into the poles he swerved around . rainbow run ! marcel hirscher performs during the project ' marcel hirscher colours ' at reiteralm near schladming . blue eruption ! the coloured powder was flung across the slopes as the talented skier went passed . ' it was a surreal experience – simply amazing ! ' said the four times world champion skier , marcel hirscher . ' we wanted to bring a new , cool element into skiing , ' hirscher said on the red bull website ' . the process involved 11 cameras , a specially-enhanced slope , and three days to set up before creating the incredible video in one take with the 26-year-old austrian . marcel hirscher slalomed in and out of poles filled to the brim with coloured , biodegradable powder , which erupted upon contact . six gopros , and a range of other cameras , including a hand held one by the skier captured the dazzling rainbow effect , which surrounded him at every turn . as the run required more ice than snow , a section of the reiteralm slopes in austria had to be watered , so that it could freeze over night in preparation . the team had to get up at 4am to set up the cameras to capture the rainbow run in one take from a number of angles , before the ice melted . the most difficult part of the incredible video as filming it from all angles , without getting another cameraman in the shot . ' we wanted to bring a new , cool element into skiing , ' hirscher said on the red bull website , ' and create unforgettable images . and i think we succeeded ! ' ' it was a surreal experience – simply amazing ! i could n't ski with the speed i normally do in races , even though the course was very steep in the first part , up to 75 percent incline , ' he explains . ' at each gate i was blinded for a split second because i had to ski through a cloud of yellow and blue . ' the team had to get up at 4am to set up the cameras to capture the rainbow run from a number of angles , before the ice melted during the day . the biodegradable powder was placed in slalom poles along the course , and multiple cameras were set up to capture the effect from different angles . rainbow powder ! after winning the overall world cup title four years in a row , alpine skier marcel hirscher took a day off and had some fun at his local resort with his race skiis and some crazy colors , resulting in one of the most vibrant ski runs to date . talented ! this year the skier became the first men 's skier ever to clinch a fourth straight world cup overall title . respect for the environment was a priority from the beginning of this project ! the team has assured that the plants and wildlife have neither been damaged nor disturbed at any time during the project . marcel 's explosive slalom run is a red bull media house production realised by starelation . record achievement ! this year hirscher became the first male alpine skier to win the overall world cup title four times in a row . respect for the environment was a priority from the beginning of this project ! the team has assured that the plants and wildlife have neither been damaged nor disturbed at any time during the project . now your usual slope ! the team picked vibrant colours which would contrast heavily with the crisp white snow . the team wanted to get as close as they could to the skier but without any cameramen appearing in any shots . one chance ! the team knew they had one attempt to get the shot , as once the powder had been released it would ruin any other shots . born in annaberg-lungötz , salzburg , hirscher made his world cup debut in march 2007 . marcel 's father ferdinand hirscher said on his website : ' marcel and i have been travelling to various races since his childhood . i contribute with my experience from this . i make sure that we – together with the coaches and the service crew – get to the maximum as a team . ' the talented skier has 30 pairs of ski boots and 100 pairs of atomic redster racing skies prepared for use before every season . impressive feat ! the team took three days to prepare , shoot and edit the colourful video . success ! marcel hirscher poses for a portrait during the project ' marcel hirscher colours , ' with the colourful slopes in the background .