an emotional david raven reflected on a ' dream come true ' after his last-gasp winner sent inverness through to their first-ever william hill scottish cup final at the expense of favourites celtic . defender raven slotted home the deciding goal four minutes from the end of extra time as caley stunned 10-man celtic 3-2 at hampden park to set up a final showdown with falkirk . the 30-year-old raven , who has only managed a handful of goals in his entire career , struggled to describe how he felt following an eventful match which he admitted could have gone either way . david raven ( second right ) celebrates with his inverness team-mates following his extra-time winner . the celebrations continue on the pitch as inverness rejoice in reaching the william hill scottish cup final . he told sky sports : ' i do n't know really , a bit emotional to be honest , got tears in my eyes . i thought it was just our day and to score the winning goal today is a dream come true . in a cup semi-final against celtic , i ca n't believe it . ' it was topsy-turvy and it could have gone either way . ' celtic took an 18th-minute lead through virgil van dijk 's brilliant free-kick and then had loud claims for a clear penalty turned down just before half-time when the ball struck josh meekings ' hand a yard from goal . that was a key incident in the match , as was the penalty that was awarded to inverness in the 55th minute which saw celtic goalkeeper craig gordon sent off for bringing down marley watkins . greg tansey slotted home the penalty to make it 1-1 and raven would end up settling the match right at the death after edward ofere and john guidetti had made it 2-2 in extra time . the caley defender hailed his late winner as ' a dream come true ' ahead of the final against falkirk . celtic players stand dejected on the pitch with their hopes of a treble over following their 3-2 loss . inverness boss john hughes said : ' the sending off changed the game in inverness ' favour , but as i said before the game , what these boys have done for me since i came to the club , they deserve that today . ' i 'm absolutely delighted to be there . ' well done to the boys and supporters . on their final opponents , hughes said : ' a small club , falkirk have had some wonderful times there and it 'll be a right good cup final , and hopefully it is for scottish football . ' 