nigel farage is touring the country hoping to show how britain can cope without europe . but the ukip leader 's campaign came to an embarrassing halt when on a tour of a hinge factory he met an hungarian worker who spoke no english . after an awkward exchange with ivan loncsarevity at the plant in essex , mr farage was quick to insist he did not want to send eu migrants home to stop them taking the jobs of young britons . scroll down for video . ukip leader nigel farage had an awkward exchange with hungarian ivan loncsarevity at a hinge factory in essex . mr farage 's immigration policy has been shrouded in confusion for weeks , as the party flip-flops between setting a target for net migration and insisting targets do not work . he wants an australian-style system to set targets for the level of skills needed for someone to come to britain in search of work . at present no limits can be put on workers from elsewhere in the european union under freedom of information rules . mr farage today visited hinge manufacturer nico in clacton , essex to promote his party 's election policies . he was campaigning with ukip mp douglas carswell ( left ) who hopes to hold the seat he won after defecting from the tories last year . after meeting several workers , he struggled to make small talk when he met 62-year-old hungarian mr loncsarevity . he has lived in colchester for five years after travelling to the uk for work , but could not answer any of mr farage 's questions as he does not speak any english . his colleagues described him as ' relatively low-skilled ' . mr farage has previously railed against the number of people from elsewhere in europe working in the uk . last year he said : ' when you boil it down to romania , bulgaria , poland , hungary , latvia , lithuania and estonia , over a million of their workers are in britain and only 42,000 british citizens are working in those countries . ' mr farage was campaigning with ukip mp douglas carswell ( left ) who hopes to hold the seat he won after defecting from the tories last year . but today he insisted he would not want to send mr loncsarevity back to hungary . ' ukip has never said anyone should leave the country , so the question is entirely baseless , ' he told reporters . ' one of the big problems that we 've got in engineering is a real shortage of young people studying engineering to go into trades such as this , which is regrettable . ' we 've got rid of technical colleges and encouraged more and more young people to go to university and study degrees which are not directly linked to industry such as this . ' if there 's no british person trained to do that job , then that says more about us than them . ' nico 's manufacturing manager , steve dalton , said that the firm needed to look to eastern europe to fill a skills gap and on occasion had flown potential employees from poland . mr dalton said he was not a ukip supporter but did not oppose the party 's proposal of an australian-style points system designed to limit the number of immigrants . he said : ' there needs to be some controls but presumably , if we needed to fill a skills gap , we would still be able to do that under such a system . ' the company employs 130 people , six of whom are migrants from eastern europe . finance director gillian hagger said : ' a lot of industries in the uk do need migrant workers . ' the area we 're in means we 've got a large pool to recruit from but sometimes we find their skills are limited . on those occasions we have had to look further afield , including flying interviewees in from poland . ' mr farage was quick to insist he did not want to send eu migrants home to stop them taking the jobs of young britons . later mr farage visited the town 's copping community centre with douglas carswell - the first person to be elected as a ukip mp after defecting from the conservatives . he met supporters and again spoke of the lack of young british people pursuing careers in manufacturing and leaving engineering firms with a ' genuine shortage ' of skilled workers . he said : ' we will say that anyone doing engineering at degree level should not be paying any tuition fees . ' in november , ukip 's mark reckless suggested that european migrants would only be allowed to stay for a ' fixed period ' if britain chose to leave the eu . mr farage later insisted there had been ' confusion ' and insisted ukip respected the ' rule of law and british justice ' .