it is the radio format that has delivered the latest chart hits , news and talk shows in stereo to homes around the world for decades . but now the characteristic hiss of interference that accompanies most fm broadcasts is set to fall silent . norway has announced that it will be the the first country in the world to switch off its fm radio signal . twiddling the knobs of a radio will no longer be necessary as analogue services switch off in favour of digital . the norwegian government said it will turn off its fm transmitters on january 11 2017 . now with the ever expanding number of digital radio services and growing numbers of people choosing to listen to internet radio , it seems likely other countries will follow norway 's example . the uk had planned to switch off its own fm service by 2018 but the plans were later shelved following objections from commercial radio stations . it is now not expected to happen until sometime after 2020 when digital listeners are expected to outstrip those using analogue stations . streaming has topped cd sales in revenue for the first time in the united states as music listeners flock to on-demand services and internet radio , industry figures showed . data for 2014 showed a major shift to streaming as opposed to physical sales and permanent downloads , with rapid growth both for on-demand services such as spotify and rhapsody and internet radio providers such as pandora . streaming revenue totaled $ 1.87 billion , edging out the $ 1.85 billion earned by cd sales , according to data of the recording industry association of america . streaming helped stabilize the bottom line for the long-troubled industry , with overall revenue from recorded music going up two percent to $ 4.86 billion to mark the fourth year of growth . listening figures currently show that digital radios account for 37.9 % of all listening hours in the uk . in the us , around 85 % of american adults still listen to am/fm stations . norway , however , has just five national fm broadcasting outlets while there are 22 national digital radio stations . the norwegian government said there was space for a further 20 digital radio stations and nrk , norway 's public service broadcaster , will be the first to switch off its fm service . the norwegian ministry of culture estimates that the switch to digital radio could save £17 million a year ( nok 200 million ) . thorhild widvey , the country 's minister of culture , said : ' radio digitisation will open the door to a far greater range of radio channels , benefiting listeners across the country . ' listeners will have access to more diverse and pluralistic radio content , and enjoy better sound quality and new functionality . ' digitisation will also greatly improve the emergency preparedness system , facilitate increased competition and offer new opportunities for innovation and development . digital radios , like above , might look retro but can give listeners access to more stations than ever before . growing numbers of car stereos now come with digital radio as standard , leading to a drop in fm listeners . ' more than half the population already has access to local radio on dab , and there is considerable potential for further local channels . ' the switch off of fm services could create other problems - leaving millions of households with legacy electronics unable to pick up a signal . fm radio , which was first invented in 1933 , transmits information by modulating the frequency of the carrier wave . this produces a high quality analogue signal that travels over short distances but can be prone to interference . fm radio became the popular way to transmit stereo broadcasts and it also became hugely popular with pirate radio stations . digital radio by comparison uses digital modulation - compressing the audio signal into a specific bandwidth spectrum . this allows more radio stations to be crammed into the bandwidth space and can produce clearer reception .