greece has demanded more than £200billion in compensation from germany for nazi atrocities during the second world war . the government yesterday unveiled its final calculation for the war reparations stemming from occupation by the third reich . the radical left syriza party says germany owes greece nearly 279billion euros , or £204billion to compensate it for looting and war crimes . greek prime minister alexis tsipras raised the reparations issue when he met german chancellor angela merkel in berlin last month . the german government says the issue was resolved legally years ago . the demand comes just days before greece is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the international monetary fund . yanis varoufakis , the greek finance minister , has said the country ‘ intends to meet all obligations to all its creditors , ad infinitum’ . greece suffered a brutal occupation at the hands adolf hitler’s forces in 1941 . more than 40,000 people are believed to have starved to death in athens alone . yesterday a parliamentary committee established by greek prime minister alexis tsipras for the first time put an official number on the reparations claim . it includes the cost of a 10billion euro forced nazi loan made by the bank of greece and the return of archaeological treasures . the revised figures amount to nearly 10 per cent of germany 's gdp . mr tsipras raised the reparations issue when he met german chancellor angela merkel in berlin last month . he has called the reparations question a ‘ moral and ethical’ issue for his country . the new figure was revealed yesterday by greek deputy finance minister dimitris mardas . ‘ according to our calculations , the debt linked to german reparations is 278.7bn euros , ’ he told a parliamentary committee investigating responsibility for greece 's debt crisis . mr mardas said the reparations calculation had been made by greece 's state general accounting office . berlin paid 115m deutschmarks to athens in 1960 in compensation – a fraction of the greek demand . greece says this did not cover payments for damaged infrastructure , war crimes and the return of the forced loan . yanis varoufakis , the greek finance minister , has said the country ‘ intends to meet all obligations to all its creditors , ad infinitum’ . yesterday a parliamentary committee established by greek prime minister alexis tsipras for the first time put an official number on the reparations claim . germany insists the reparations issue was settled in 1990 legally and politically before germany reunified . syriza politicians have frequently blamed germany for the hardship suffered by greeks under the tough bailout conditions imposed by international lenders . ministers have floated the idea of seizing german assets in the country to compensate the families of victims of nazi war crimes . a poll carried for greek radio found more than 80 per cent of greeks agreed with the pusuit of nazi war debt claims . yesterday greek mps also voted to establish a committee examining the circumstances of its 2010 bail-out by eurozone creditors and the imf to the tune of 240billion euros . ‘ after five years of parliamentary silence on the major issues that caused the bailout catastrophe , today we commence a procedure that will give answers to the questions concerning the greek people , ’ mr tsipras said . finance minister yanis varoufakis has claimed the economy was unfairly lumbered with the liabilities that it is now struggling to pay off as its coffers run empty . he has claimed europe dealt with his country 's bankruptcy by ‘ loading the largest loan in human history on the weakest of shoulders - the greek taxpayer’ .