an ohio woman was shocked this month when an officer cited her for leaving her dog in a hot car but , instead of writing a ticket , the cop forced her to sit inside to see how it feels . the strongsville pet owner was inside a walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot . the officer then had the woman sit inside with the windows up and ignition off . and this is n't the first time an animal-loving officer has employed the unorthodox punishment . in the recent ohio incident , the woman was left ' looking uncomfortable ' as she sat in her unventilated nissan sentra , but drove away with just a warning and her tail between her legs . scroll down for video . unorthodox : a cop ordered a woman in this ohio shopping center to sit in her hot car this month after officers discovered her dog locked inside her nissan sentra as she shopped in walmart . in truth or consequences , new mexico last june , the pet owner in question was n't as eager to put the incident behind her . shelly nicholas filed a report against an officer who told her to sit in her car after someone called to report a dog was inside with no ventilation in 90 degree heat . nicholas reasoned that she 'd only been away ten minutes . ' you can wait in the truck and close the door you know , since it 's not that hot , ' the officer is heard saying to nicholas in body camera footage later obtained by kob . however , in her report , nicholas characterizes the officers words as an ' order ' and the footage does not show her actually sitting in the hot car as police wrote her a ticket . sweating it out : last year , shelly nicholas in truth or consequences , new mexico was told to sit in her hot car after her dog was found locked inside with no ventilation . she filed a report against the officers , but body cam footage later revealed it was more of a request than an order . declined to do it : nicholas declined to sit in the the hot car with the door closed in spite of the officer 's request . while this may not be a legitimate police practice , officers have reason for concern in these situations , according to the american veterinary medical association . while nicholas argued she 'd only been gone 10 minutes , the avma says that temperatures can rise 20f inside a car in that short amount of time . in 20 minutes , the temperature can rise by nearly 30 degrees . even on a 70f day , writes the avma , the interior of a car can reach 110f after one hour . even short periods in such heat can cause heat stroke and irreversible organ damage in your dog . h/t huffington post .    