justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the coachella music festival over the weekend . the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california . a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area . scroll down for video ... off-stage drama : justin bieber was reportedly put in a chokehold by security and booted out of the coachella music festival on sunday after trying to gain entry to drake 's gig , pictured here at the event on friday . the drama unfurled on sunday night when the canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to drake 's gig . they showed they had proper wristbands , but were told by bouncers that the area was at capacity , according to the report . eyewitnesses told tmz that bieber argued with security and said he could n't stand in a huge crowd without being swamped by fans but security told him to leave . pictured : justin bieber is shown being approached by the security guard at coachella . not getting in : bieber and his entourage were trying to gain entry to watch drake 's performance on sunday . chokehold : the scuffle between security and bieber was caught on camera by a festival go-er . bieber insisted that he was personally invited by drake , had been waiting to see him perform and angered security by standing his ground , according to the article . a staffer at the coachella valley music and arts festival at that point came up to bieber and said she would escort him inside the artist 's area . what he missed : drake performed with madonna , seen here wiping his mouth after she surprised him with an onstage kiss . she grabbed bieber by the arm and was walking the singer and his bodyguards inside , when festival security came up from behind and allegedly put bieber in a chokehold . bieber 's team tangled with security and the singer was then ordered to leave the festival . sources close to bieber told tmz that he voluntarily left and was considering taking legal action against the security guards . good times : justin is shown on saturday with kendall jenner at the star-studded music festival . time to leave ? bieber and kendall are pictured on saturday , before the drama kicked off on sunday night at coachella . jen 's pirate booty la vie off-the-shoulder crop top at nasty gal . crop it like it 's hot . visit site . coachella seems to be the one place where kendall lets loose in terms of her style and is open to experimenting ; she just wants to fit in with her jenner-ation ! the catwalk strutter has a flair for festival fashion , and she always pulls out all of the stops at this annual la music festival . take this gypsy style outfit which comprises of an off-shoulder white crop top and flowing black maxi skirt with thigh splits , tied together with a statement waist belt . the top is by jen’s pirate booty and is the perfect take on summer bohemian vibes . styled with everything and anything from denim cut offs and brown boots to maxi skirts and sandals , this off-shoulder top will set pulses races however you wear it . and the best part is that it 's attainable for us mere mortals ; it 's only $ 88 at nasty gal , so hurry up and buy it with a click to the right before it sells out . she 's a normal teen at heart ! if you want to emulate kendall 's look for even less , take a gander at the style edit below at our top picks from the likes of charlotte russe , guess , and more . re : named solid off shoulder crop top . visit site . charlotte russe chevron off-the-shoulder top . visit site . guess off-the-shoulder eyelet top at bloomingdale 's . visit site . free people willow crop top . visit site . party time : justin was spotted heading into an neon carnival after party on the second day of the music festiva . troublemakers : justin was also seen hanging out with chris brown at the nylon party on friday . the altercation meant that bieber missed drake 's set - that featured a surprise performance from madonna . while on stage , madonna kissed the rapper and his less-than-impressed reaction was caught on camera . bieber had been spotted on friday and saturday at the outdoor music festival . just landed : justin on monday shared an instagram snap with the caption saying he just arrived in europe . lost his temper : justin is shown in march 2013 as he tussled with paparazzi in london . he was hanging out on friday night with kendall jenner , 19 , at a party at beacher 's madhouse . the baby singer on saturday night took in the music with her yonger sister kylie , 17 , and other members of their entourage . bieber shared an instagram snap on monday showing himself on the staircase of a parked jet and writing in the caption that he just landed in europe . here comes trouble : bieber had been partying at the popular music festival over the weekend , seen here on friday . partying : justin had been enjoying the music festival with kendall and kylie jenner . bond : justin and kendall appeared to very close throughout the festival ( pictured above at the bootsy bellows estate sponsored by mcdonald 's & chevrolet ) . saying their prayers : justin and his pal also posted this shot from the festival before it all kicked off . 