aaron ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since the start of last season , none more vital than a dramatic extra-time winner in the fa cup final . but his last one — the only goal of the game at burnley — meant the world , because it was for someone special . ‘i’ve had a tough few weeks , ’ said ramsey , who pointed skywards after scoring at turf moor . ‘i’ve been on an emotional rollercoaster of late . my gran passed away a few weeks ago and she meant an awful lot to me . we had a great relationship and i’ve dedicated my last couple of goals to her . aaron ramsey celebrates his goal against burnley by dedicating it to his late gran who passed away . ‘ her name is eileen . she’s on my mum’s side and we used to call her nanny leany . she was 84 . she was an incredible woman . ‘ she lost her husband early in her life and raised seven kids on her own and in those days it was an incredibly difficult thing to do . she was always happy , making jokes and i had that sort of outlook on life . she always believed in me and gave me reassurances . it has been a difficult time . ’ his grandmother would have been proud of young aaron as he took time out from preparations for today’s fa cup semi-final against reading to pay his tribute to her . just as she must have been proud of his career in football and the way he rebuilt it after a badly broken leg . ‘ she used to watch me play and would take me to games when i was eight or nine , ’ ramsey added . ‘ she would always be asking how i was doing . she didn’t go to my games but i got her sky to watch a few . she would always complain it was not on normal tv . ’ ramsey will be on ‘ normal tv’ when the bbc screen today’s semi-final from wembley , as he was last may when his 16th goal of a prolific season won the fa cup and ended arsenal’s nine-year wait for a trophy . ‘ it was a great day and a great moment in my career , ’ he said . ‘ it was a relief as well . ’ ramsey points to the sky has the goalscorer is greeted by arsenal right back hector bellerin at turf moor . ramsey and bellerin celebrate on the deck after the welsh midfielder had fired home for the gunners . arsenal had fought back from two down against hull and 108 minutes had elapsed when ramsey fired his side into a 3-2 lead before going off on a celebratory sprint which he ended flat on his back , exhausted , beneath a pile of jubilant team-mates . ‘ i was knackered , ’ smiled ramsey . ‘ we were in extra-time and my celebration , i didn’t really know what to do . i was just running about and it all caught up on me then so i needed a couple of seconds just to get my breath back and realise just what i’d just actually done . it was definitely overwhelming . and it was a great way to finish the season for me personally and for the team finally to win something . it was an amazing feeling . ramsey wheels away in celebration after scoring in extra time at wembley against hull city . ramsey is joined by spanish midfielder mikel arteta during the fa cup final at wembley in 2014 . the welsh goalscorer is mobbed by his friends as they celebrate his goal at wembley in 2014 . ‘i’m no different to anyone else . my dream was always scoring a goal in the fa cup final and i had managed to live my dream . then to see how much it meant to people when a quarter of a million came out on the streets the next day . it was a beautiful day and you could see everyone was in it together . ’ ramsey had played in the 2008 fa cup final for cardiff aged 17 , but his winners’ medal now takes pride of place in a display cabinet in the study at his home . ‘i’ve a few shirts in there , my debut shirt at cardiff , the fa cup winners’ shirt , some boots to mark my achievements , ’ said ramsey . ‘ and there’s a big desk in there which i never use . the welshman looks chuffed as he sets his eyes on the gleaming silverware he helped earn his side . goalscorer ramsey hugs his fa cup following his goal against hull city at wembley in 2014 . more than a quarter of a million fans took to the streets to celebrates arsenal 's 2014 fa cup success . ‘ that feeling you get after winning is difficult to get . everyone realised we wanted more . we are putting pressure on ourselves to get the best from each other and i feel we’ve done that in the second half of this season . ‘we’ve really stuck by each other , worked hard for each other and we want another feeling like we had last season . we do push ourselves as a team and i think the title is getting closer . last season we started really well and maybe faded away . we lost against the bigger teams , but this season we’ve done better against them . this season , we didn’t start too well but the second half has been really good and consistent . i feel we are very close . ’ if chelsea collapse against the odds in the title race , arsenal are best placed to pounce after a run of 33 points from a dozen barclays premier league games since new year’s day . ‘that’s still a possibility , ’ said ramsey . ‘ you can’t rule it out . you can’t . when you have that momentum , it is still possible . even though it will be difficult we have to win our remaining games and see where that leaves us . ‘it’s going to be difficult . chelsea have a lot of points , so they will have to slip up a few times for us to catch them . so it will be difficult , but it’s still possible . ’ his optimism reflects the mood in arsenal’s camp , very different from this time last year when they went into an fa cup semi-final stifled by the desperation to end the trophy-free years and arsene wenger’s uncertain future . they staggered past wigan on penalties . arsenal goalkeeper lukasz fabianski makes a save against wigan athletic during fa cup semi final match . fabianski 's save helped arsenal to progress to the fa cup final which they won at wembley in 2014 . arsenal are stronger and more solid now , with more weaponry , flair and freedom than last year . but that does not mean they will swat reading aside . ‘ we probably did feel the pressure , ’ admitted ramsey . ‘ but we got through and went on to win it and we haven’t got that sort of pressure now . that pressure is gone because we won something and there is no more of this “ nine years” . ‘it’s a different sort of pressure , but one we’ve been up against many times when we’ve played lesser teams . it’s important not to take the game lightly . we just have to focus and if we manage ourselves correctly , we will go through . ’ arsenal manager arsene wenger will be hoping to add another piece of silverware to his collection .