why buy a fishing boat , when you can make one out of household furniture ? auckland coastguards have had the shock of their life after receiving an alert that about 5 homemade ' boats ' were taking part in an annual fishing event on sunday . the attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating subaru car . scroll down for video . auckland coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race that saw asubaru take to the water . the race also saw a couch strapped to a few tyres and being pulled along by a dingy . coastguards took to the water near gulf harbour , off auckland 's whangaparaoa peninsula after receiving a call out about the event from a member of the public . one vessel capsized just outside of the harbour , causing three people to have a bit of a paddle , however no one was injured . the voluntary rescue unit , hibiscus rescue and north shore rescue lent a hand to the fishermen as alcohol appeared to be involved during the event . coastguard hibiscus took to their facebook to post their surprise at the unique vessels . ' these guys and gals were having a great time today ! ' they wrote . ' it was great to see everyone wearing lifejackets ! not sure who won the fishing comp ? ' a video was also released by the coastguard showing two men on a dodgy dingy being transported back to the shore . hibiscus rescue and north shore rescue lent a hand to the fishermen as alcohol appeared to be involved . one vessel capsized outside of the harbour , however besides getting a bit wet , no one was injured . the men can be heard yelling ' safety first , safety first , ' before throwing was appears to be a beer can at another vessel . according to the new zealand herald , the event has been happening for years and is aimed to spread positivity through the community . an attendee who asked not to be named said that safety was always paramount and the strong winds at army bay were monitored . ' it 's all about people building boats . these guys have spent a year restoring boats and we 've had a lot of positive feedback from the community . it 's 100 per cent positive , ' he said . ' we 're just locals , just mates , having a good time . ' the travellers were issued with a warning by police but no charges were laid . 