a 32-year-old woman was harassed and intimidated last week when she tried to pick up her four children from the fundamentalist mormon sect she bravely left to escape an abusive husband . sabrina broadbent tetzner , 32 , fled the sect headed by convicted rapist warren jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children ( ages 8 to 13 ) last week . but when she tried to pick up her children from the colorado city , utah community where they have been living , she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids . ' lots of members from the community started showing up . they surrounded her vehicle , the home , fences and the yard . they were kicking the van . they even tried to put a cow and chickens into her vehicle , ' ex-cult member flora jessop , who helped tetzner through her legal battle , told ksl . scroll down for video . intimidation : an ex-fundamentalist mormon tried to get her four children back from the sect and was met by 600 cult members physically barring the reunion . surrounded : sabrina broadbent tetzner , 32 , is seen inside her van as she waits to be reunited with her children on friday . escaped : tetzner ( left ) left the flds sect headed by warren jeffs eight years ago and was granted full custody of her children ages 8-13 last thursday . visitation : since leaving the sect , tetzner remarried and had another son , who is now a toddler . pictured about with her youngest son and her four children from her previous marriage on a visit in december . victory : ms tetzner pictured outside the mohave county court after winning custody of her children . cell phone footage shows swarms of polygamists surrounding tetzner 's van , the women dressed in conservative floor-length dresses in varying pastel colors . a mohave county judge ordered the sect to turn over the children at 5pm thursday , but tetzner says that when she got to the compound at the arranged time her kids were nowhere to be seen . it was only at midnight that they returned , and were quickly shepherded into their aunt samantha holm 's house where several dozen fundamentalists kept them from seeing her mother . 911 : tetzner eventually had to call police , who took out a search warrant to pry the children from their aunt 's home . pictured above in photos posted to facebook . tetzner spent the night in her van , fearing the vehicle would be torn apart if she left it unattended . when even about 600 cult members surrounded her vehicle in the morning , and kept her from reaching the home where her children were staying , tetzner called police to intervene on her children 's behalf . sheriff 's deputies had to take out a search warrant to pry the children from the house and into their mother 's waiting arms . new life : tetzner pictured above with her new husband and their toddler son in a photo posted to facebook last year . reunion : tetzner and the four children she won in a custody battle last week pictured above on a visit in february 2014 . the style : in december , tetzner showed off both of her daughters long hair and how she braided it into the plait sported by most fundamentalist girls and women . allegedly , the children were not so happy to leave , since cult members had scared them into believing their mother was taking them to hell . deputies escorted tetzner and her children all the way back to their home in northern utah , and reportedly flds members tailed them the whole way there . feared leader : tetzner left the cult a year after leader warren jeffs ( pictured ) was arrested for organizing marriages between men and underage women in the religion . he is currently serving a life sentence but continues to head the church from behind bars . some allegedly beat the family there , since they found the home completely trashed with with animal feces smeared on the walls and several pieces of furniture broken when they arrived home . fearing further attacks from the flds community , the family is living in a safe house for the time being . ' we want to thank all of you for your love and support these last few days . we have the children they are safe and we 're heading home , ' tetzner wrote on her facebook page friday evening . photos on tetzner 's facebook show she has been able to visit with her children in the past , spending time at home and taking them out to a creek for fishing . in one set of photos , tetzner shows off her daughters ' long hair and how she braids it into the traditional plait worn by most fundamentalist women . since leaving the sect , she has remarried a man named chase tetzner and the two appear to have a toddler son together . a photo posted to her facebook in august 2012 , shows her in a half-white , half-camouflage wedding dress . defenders of children , a non-profit group that has been aiding tetzner through her custody battle , said they fear for her safety and are raising money to pay for a security system and new clothes for the woman 's children . tetzner left the flds church eight years ago , about a year after the cult 's leader warren jeffs was arrested for organizing marriages between men in his cult and underage girls . he is currently serving a life sentence in prison , but continues to head the church from behind bars . custodial interference charges are pending against samantha holm , the aunt who initially would n't hand over tetzner 's children .