jose mourinho insists eden hazard is in a one-horse race to scoop the player of the season award . the chelsea forward has been outstanding this season and will be a leading contender to claim both the pfa and football writers ' awards next month . the belgian will face stiff competition , namely from tottenham 's harry kane , but mourinho claims anyone who tips a player other than hazard is merely making mischief . chelsea manager jose mourinho is backing his forward eden hazard ( right ) to win player of the year awards . mourinho believes that ' it should n't even be a debate ' that hazard should claim the top prizes this season . hazard has been in superb form for chelsea this season and instrumental to their title charge . mourinho insists that hazard will be able to fend off competition from the likes of spurs ' harry kane ( centre ) . ' it should n't even be a debate , ' said mourinho . ' if somebody throws other names on the table , it 's because he wants to sell papers , get more clicks or throw some sand into people 's eyes , because this player is by far the best player in the season . ' hazard is likely to feature at queens park rangers on saturday but diego costa will miss four weeks after aggravating a hamstring injury against burnley last weekend . it means the striker will miss clashes with manchester united and arsenal . mourinho is prepared to risk the availability of cesc fabregas and nemanja matic — both one booking away from a two-match ban — for the matches against chelsea 's rivals , saying : ' we try not to get a yellow card during the match , to play football . we know ( the risks ) , but the game is a three-point game . ' meanwhile , chelsea defender wallace — on loan at vitesse arnhem — has been arrested on suspicion of an offence in a nightclub . the dutch club refused to comment on the nature of the alleged offence , but a police spokesman was quoted by local media stating it was ' sexual ' . wallace was later released without charge . chelsea striker diego costa is set to be out of action for four weeks after aggravating a hamstring injury . mourinho will risk playing cesc fabregas for chelsea 's matches with their rivals , despite his yellow card tally . chelsea defender wallace ( left ) , on loan at vitesse , has been arrested following an alleged nightclub incident . 