a florida man arrested this weekend for pointing a laser at passing cars was later found hiding a bag of marijuana up his rectum , according to police . jesse roepcke , 27 , from summerfield , was busted in ormond beach sunday on charges of pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia . while in jail , police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside . surprise find : jesse roepcke , 27 , pictured left and right , was taken to jail sunday for allegedly pointing a laser at passing cars . as he was been strip-searched , a bag of marijuana fell out of his rectum . dangerous pastime : police say roepcke spent sunday evening riding around ormond beach , florida , with his fiancee brandie tate ( pictured ) and shining a light in other drivers ' faces . roepcke was then hit with additional charges of possession of marijuana and smuggling contraband into prison . according to an arrest report , officers received a 911 call from a concerned motorist saying that someone shined a laser in her face as she was driving along south atlantic avenue , reported the daytona beach news journal . investigators said the suspect also pointed the laser at other drivers as his fiancee , brandie tate , drove him around ormond beach sunday night . when officers tracked down the couple and pulled them over at a stoplight , mr roepcke allegedly said that he was just having some fun , and that he did n't know it was illegal to point a laser at people , reported the station wftv . his 28-year-old fiancee reportedly said to the arresting officers that she had warned roepcke not to shine the laser in people 's faces . police also seized a ‘ smoking device’ from the pair 's car , which reeked of pot . it later tested positive for cannabis . ms tate told officers she had warned roepcke not to play with the laser on the road . fun-loving guy : the 27-year-old told police he was just having fun with the laser and did not know it was illegal . the 27-year-old mr roepcke was hauled off to volusia county jail , where during a strip search he was ordered to cough , causing an 18-gram bag of marijuana to fall out of his rectum , the report stated , according to myfox orlando . roepcke was ordered held in jail on $ 4,250 bail . online records indicate that the 27-year-old had served six years in prison for an armed burglary and grand theft . 