warren sapp was charged with soliciting prostitution and two counts of assault in february . warren sapp made many highlight-reel plays during the course of his hall of fame career , but the former nfl star might be better remembered for his off-field exploits thanks to a new video . sapp was arrested the night after the super bowl in phoenix , arizona , on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women . in a police video released on monday , sapp , 42 , cries , cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on february 2 in the renaissance hotel . in the video obtained by tmz , sapp admits he paid for oral sex and that ' everyone got naked ' after he ' put $ 600 on the table ' in his hotel room . the two women who were arrested along with sapp were britney osbourne , 23 , and 34-year-old quying boyd . sapp continued : ' we 're in the bed and i start taking pictures of the two ladies naked and doing what they 're doing . ' so i 'm taking pictures because i 'm silly like that sometimes . ' scroll down for video ( warning : graphic and sexually-explicit content ) . in a police video released on monday , sapp , cries , cackles and confesses during his prostitution arrest . britney osbourne , 23 ( left ) , and quying boyd , 34 ( right ) , were both arrested in phoenix along with sapp . the incident allegedly took place very early on february 2 at the renaissance hotel in phoenix , arizona . he told police one of them began performing oral sex on him - they stayed safe and used a condom - but the other annoyed him by chatting . when it became too much , sapp told her : ' why do n't you use your mouth on me , instead of using it . ' just go . just move . your girl’s doing a good job . i’ll be done with her in a minute . ’ after sapp asked to have sex , the woman who was performing oral sex asked for a tip . that request apparently prompted an argument and the first video of the interview ended . in surveillance video that was taken in the hotel lobby , sapp ( left ) can be seen walking and talking with a man . in the second clip , sapp is informed he will be going to jail and then left alone in the room . he began repeating , ' oh my god . oh my god ' before asking : ' are you kidding me ? ' in between cackles and sobs , sapp added : ' i 'm going to be booked as a john . ' i got ta go to jail ? ' police became involved after a female contacted them and said she had been assaulted . both women had minor injuries that were consistent with a struggle , but sapp denied he assaulted them . sapp was fired from his job at the nfl network and could get six months in jail and three years probation if he is convicted . he was charged with soliciting prostitution and two counts of assault . sapp was inducted into the football hall of fame in 2013 - his first year of eligibility . he is 42 . osbourne is facing a prostitution charge of her own while boyd was cited for failure to register with the state as an escort . they have both denied the charges . sapp played 13 seasons in the nfl , first with the tampa bay buccaneers and later with the oakland raiders . he was inducted into the football hall of fame in 2013 - his first year of eligibility . in recent years , sapp , a divorced father of two , has been struggling with financial problems , which culminated in 2012 when he filed for bankruptcy . in november of that year , the super bowl champion was forced to sell his home in florida for $ 2.1million . months earlier , sapp auctioned off a 240-pair collection of rare air jordan sneakers worth $ 6,500 to pay his creditors . sapp has yet to comment on the video .