the principal of a school in canberra has been suspended after it was revealed that an autistic boy was locked in a metal cage . it was announced yesterday an investigation was underway after it emerged a 10-year-old autistic bot was put in a 2m by 2m structure by his teachers at a canberra school . the cage was specifically designed for him to as a ' withdrawal space ' while in class . scroll down for video . the cage was specifically designed as a ' withdrawal space ' for the 10-year-old autistic boy . act education minister joy burch ( pictured ) said it is a horrifying situation . the minister said an investigation into the incident is underway . ' this structure could not be deemed acceptable in any way shape or form , in any of our public education schools , hence it was withdrawn , ' she said . the principal has been removed from the school and two teachers with expertise in disability education have been assigned to the school . the structure was in place from march 10 to march 27 , according to act education minister joy burch . shadow education minister kate ellis said the mistreatment of students with a disability was ' shocking and deeply disturbing ' . ' the abuse or neglect of students with disability is absolutely unacceptable , ' ms ellis said . ' all students – including those with disability – deserve to be recognised as learners and supported to achieve their best , ' she said . ' as a society , we have a responsibility to ensure our schools are safe and caring environments for all students , at all times . ' it was also revealed that the school only removed the cage when they were ordered to do so by the act education department after they received a complaint from the boy 's parents . ms burch said words could not describe her disappointment and horror at the situation . the minister also said an investigation into the incident is underway . ' this structure could not be deemed acceptable in any way shape or form , in any of our public education schools , hence it was withdrawn , ' she said . ' i have initiated an absolute thorough investigation as to the why this structure was allowed to be put in place . ' i have also made assurances through the school executive and through our support teams that the child and the family involved is given the utmost support over this time . ' ms burch said she was ' very angry and very disappointed ' with the incident and said the cage had no place in a classroom . act education directorate director-general diane joseph ( pictured ) said the ' confronting ' structure was ' entirely inappropriate and unacceptable ' . the issue came to light after a complaint was made to the children and young people 's commissioner about the cage and the name of the school can not be revealed due to privacy reasons . act education directorate director-general diane joseph said the ' confronting ' structure was ' entirely inappropriate and unacceptable ' . ' the space was basically a fenced-in structure inside a classroom , ' ms joseph said . ' the structure was built for one particular student . ' the decision to erect such a structure raises so many questions . i have asked for the investigation to be treated with the upmost urgency . ' the horrific news comes as organisations and people come together to recognise world autism awareness day . the day is designed to raise awareness and much-needed funds through unique measures .  