teenager becky watts had to be identified by her dna after her dismembered body parts were found . the body of murdered teenager becky watts had to be identified by her dna , an inquest into her death has heard . becky , 16 , went missing from her bristol home in february and her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later . an inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings , involving her step-brother , take place . nathan matthews , 28 , faces a single count of murdering his step-sister , while his girlfriend shauna hoare , 21 , is accused of perverting the court of justice . jaydene parsons , 23 , james ireland , 23 , and karl and donovan demetrius , both 29 , are accused of assisting an offender . miss watts was living with her father darren galsworthy , and her step-mother , anjie , before she went missing from their home in st george , bristol , on february 19 . her disappearance sparked a huge search . the teenager 's remains were found 11 days later on march 2 , at a house in the barton hill area of the city three miles away . the inquest at flax bourton in somerset did not give a cause of the teenager 's death . none of miss watts ' family were present . coroner 's officer deborah neil told the court : ' her death was confirmed on march 3 by a pathologist . she was identified by dna . ' the brief circumstances are that rebecca was reported to the police as a missing person . ' she was found later at an address in the barton hill area . she underwent a post-mortem examination at flax bourton and people have since been charged in connection with her murder . ' avon coroner maria voisin adjourned the inquest until the outcome of criminal proceedings . she said the case would be reviewed in august . scroll down for video . a funeral service for the teenager will take place on april 17 at st ambrose church in the whitehall area of the city . members of the public have raised almost £5,000 towards the cost of the funeral . a notice published in the bristol post said the church was reserved for family and close friends but the service would be relayed to mourners outside . afterwards there will be a private family burial . mr galsworthy and his wife anjie said in a statement : ' becky was approaching the threshold of her adult life ; she had so much to look forward to and love to share with all that were close and dear to her . miss watts ' remains were discovered 11 days after her disappearance at a house in barton hill . ' we will miss her so much . ' all of us as a family , including those that knew becky would like to express our most sincere gratitude to everyone that donated towards this day . ' becky 's death has touched the hearts of so many people ; some from as far away as the other side of the world . ' we never expected that response but we are so very grateful for your thoughts , your prayers and your donations . miss watts had been living with her father in st george , bristol , when she went missing . ' it is because of your kind support that we know the day will be a fitting tribute to a much loved daughter , grand-daughter , sister , niece and friend to so many people . ' we ask for your co-operation with regards to becky 's final laying to rest at the cemetery . ' we would like this to be very private and out of the public gaze , allowing us to say our final goodbye as we lay her to rest . ' matthews , of warmley , south gloucestershire , appeared at bristol crown court on march 26 , along with five others charged in connection with the death . his girlfriend , shauna hoare , 21 , of cotton mill lane , bristol , is accused of perverting the course of justice by lying to police . jaydene parsons , 23 , james ireland , and karl and donovan demetrius , both 29 , are accused of helping dispose of and conceal becky 's body parts . a plea hearing has been set for august 4 , with a provisional trial date of october 5 . all six defendants have been remanded in custody .      sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .