ruby walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in the latest promotional advert for betting firm paddy power . the 22-second clip shows the two-time grand national winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it as the bookmaker gears up for saturday 's big race at aintree . irish jockey walsh , who is riding ballycasey in the race , starts the clip by saying : ' this is how i 've been getting ready for this year 's grand national . ' the clip starts with champion jockey ruby walsh describing how he will prepare for the grand national . the two-time national jockey appears to then leap over the speeding car on his horse . the horse clears the car , which paddy power say was travelling at 40mph , and lands . walsh celebrates with a raised arm after completing the ' stunt ' . paddy power claims he jumped straight over the car , which was said to be travelling at 40mph . the horse barely clears the car 's roof before landing . walsh stands upright and raises his right arm in apparent celebration after the horse lands and gallops away . it is not the first time the bookmaker has produced a controversial advert ahead of a major racing festival . in february 2012 , a publicity stunt prior to the cheltenham festival featured a suited hitman firing tranquillizer darts at unsuspecting members of the public , promising to ' take care of the chavs - veterinary style . ' it was inspired by loutish racegoers fighting at ascot . another advert released ahead of the 2012 cheltenham festival showed a clip of transgender racegoers and invited viewers to spot the ' stallions ' from the ' mares . ' walsh pictured after riding sempre medici to victory on irish grand national day at fairyhouse last week . the irish jockey will ride ballycasey in saturday 's grand national at aintree . it was banned from television broadcast by the advertising standards authority ( asa ) after it received 92 complaints the ad was offensive and condoned and encouraged harmful discriminatory behaviour . although banned from tv , both adverts remain easily accessible on the internet . another advert ahead of the ryder cup last year saw ukip leader nigel farage feature in a spoof political broadcast in which he was ' swinging for europe ' . walsh , 35 , has twice won the grand national before - on papillon in 2000 and hedgehunter in 2005 . 