as the champions league quarter-finals are settled this week , players from manchester city , chelsea , arsenal , liverpool and manchester united will watch on with jealousy at a number of their former team-mates still involved . there are 23 current and former premier league players still involved in europe 's top competition . seven alone have manchester united connections : cristiano ronaldo , patrice evra , carlos tevez , paul pogba , dimitar berbatov , gerard pique , plus javier hernandez who is on loan at real madrid . here is a list of the players enjoying life outside english football and dining at europe 's top table . chelsea , arsenal , liverpool and manchester city have all been knocked out of the champions league . xabi alonso . was at : liverpool ( 2004-09 ) now at : bayern munich ( v porto , tue ) . won the champions league with liverpool following the miracle of istanbul in 2005 . a spanish world cup winner , the 33-year-old will be important for bayern , 3-1 down from the first leg . xabi alonso will be lining up for bayern munich looking for his third champions league triumph . alvaro arbeloa . was at : liverpool ( 2007-09 ) now at : real madrid . one of rafa benitez 's spanish imports at liverpool , arbeloa 's versatility at right-back or left-back have helped him enjoy an excellent career . returned to anfield this season to help real win 3-0 . alvaro arbeloa is a former liverpool right back and now operates at real madrid in spain . gareth bale . was at : southampton , spurs ( 2005-13 ) now at : real madrid ( v atletico , wed ) . the only british player left in the champions league , £86million bale scored for real in last year 's final but has been criticised by real fans and is an injury doubt for the second leg against atletico . gareth bale signed for real from tottenham for £86m and scored in the champions league final last season . dimitar berbatov . was at : spurs , man utd , fulham ( 2006-14 ) now at : monaco ( v juventus , wed ) . has played champions league finals for bayer leverkusen and united and now going for the hat-trick with monaco . scored at the emirates in the last round to help knock out arsenal . dimitar berbatov played in the premier league with spurs , man united and fulham and is now at monaco . jerome boateng . was at : man city ( 2010-11 ) now at : bayern munich ( v porto , tue ) . still a mystery why it did n't work out for him at the etihad . failed to win a starting place , yet he 's won the champions league and world cup since returning to germany with bayern . jerome boateng ( left ) has made a name for himself at bayern munich after struggling with manchester city . yohan cabaye . was at : newcastle united ( 2011-14 ) now at : paris st germain ( v barcelona , tue ) . newcastle manager alan pardew said it was the £19million sale of cabaye to paris that made him think there were no long-term prospects at st james ' park . the midfielder also interested arsenal . yohan cabaye ( left ) joined psg for £19million from newcastle and played against barcelona last week . ricardo carvalho . was at : chelsea ( 2004-10 ) now at : monaco ( v juventus , wed ) . turns 37 next month but finding a new lease of life in monaco after six years at chelsea and a move to real madrid . won two titles at stamford bridge alongside centre-half partner john terry . ricardo carvalho is still going strong at monaco five years after leaving premier league leaders chelsea . patrice evra . was at : manchester united ( 2006-14 ) now at : juventus ( v monaco , wed ) . fantastic left-back who won five premier leauge titles and the champions league at old trafford . chose to leave united last summer and set for a serie a title in his first season in italy . patrice evra won the champions league with manchester united in 2008 and is now at juventus . javier hernandez . is at : manchester united ( 2010- ) on loan at : real madrid ( v atletico madrid , wed ) . mexican striker dubbed chicharito was allowed out by louis van gaal and played for real against liverpool in the champions league group stages . played for united in 2011 cl final . javier hernandez is currently on loan at real madrid after being allowed out of manchester united . david luiz . was at : chelsea ( 2011-14 ) now at : paris st germain ( v barelona , tue ) . called a “playstation” player by gary neville for his lack defensive awareness , luiz won a cl medal with chelsea but was embarrassed by a luis suarez nutmeg in last week 's first leg for psg . david luiz scored the winner for psg to knock former club chelsea out of the champions league . javier mascherano . was at : west ham , liverpool ( 2006-10 ) now at : barcelona ( v paris st germain , tue ) . steely midfield player who has been reinvented as a centre-half at barcelona , where his lack of height does n't appear to have hindered him . the argentine won the cl with barca in 2011 . javier mascherano played for liverpool for four years before joining la liga giants barcelona . luka modric . was at : spurs ( 2008-12 ) now at : real madrid ( v atletico madrid , wed ) . skilful midfield player who was part of real madrid 's side that won la decima ( their 10th european cup ) against atletico last season . was blocked by spurs from joining chelsea but signed for real . luke modric poses with fellow former tottenham midfielder gareth bale after winning the competition in 2014 . gerard pique . was at : man utd ( 2004-08 ) now at : barcelona ( v paris st germain , tue ) . made only 23 appearances for united before returning “home” to spain and went on to help barcelona beat his former club in two champions league finals in 2009 and 2011 . gerard pique 's barcelona beat his former club manchester united in the 2010 champions league final . claudio pizarro . was at : chelsea ( 2007-09 ) now at : bayern munich ( v porto , tue ) . peruvian striker whose chances at chelsea were restricted by didier drogba , nicolas anelka and andriy shevchenko . now 36 , still used as a squad player at bayern and faced man city this season . claudio pizarro struggled for opportunities at chelsea and is a squad player for bayern munich at 36 . paul pobga . was at : man utd ( 2010-12 ) now at : juventus ( v monaco , wed ) . one of sir alex ferguson 's rare mistakes to let him leave united after just four substitute appearances . the french midfielder is now a multiple serie a winner and valued at £60million . manchester united must regret letting paul pogba leave on a free to juventus three years ago . pepe reina . was at : liverpool ( 2005-14 ) now at : bayern munich ( v porto , tue ) . popular goalkeeper who was the penalty shoot-out hero when liverpool won the fa cup in 2006 . now used as a dependable substitute should the world 's best ' keeper manuel neuer need a rest . pepe reina made his name at liverpool in the champions league and is now the no 2 at bayern munich . arjen robben . was at : chelsea ( 2004-07 ) now at : bayern munich ( v porto , tue ) . an important member of jose mourinho 's first two title-winning teams but has arguably gone on to become even better at bayern , scoring the winner in the 2013 champions league final v dortmund . it seems like an age ago that arjen robben was at chelsea - he is still a star man at bayern munich . cristiano ronaldo . was at : manchester united ( 2003-09 ) now at : real madrid ( v atletico , wed ) . won the champions league with united in 2008 but left the following year for a then-world record £80million . with madrid , has stood alongside lionel messi as the greatest player of his generation . cristiano ronaldo left man united for a then-world record £80m and scored in the final last year . maarten stekelenburg . is at fulham ( 2013- ) on loan at : monaco ( v juventus , wed ) . dutch international goalkeeper was part of the fulham side that got relegated last season . been understudy in the principality this season . maarten stekelenburg is still technically a fulham goalkeeper but is loan at ligue 1 side monaco . luis suarez . was at : liverpool ( 2011-14 ) now at : barcelona ( v paris st germain , tue ) . one of the most controversial players in premier league history , suarez was banned for biting and racial abuse yet still won footballer of the year . outstanding in the previous round v man city . luis suarez left liverpool last summer and never played in the champions league for the reds . carlos tevez . was at : west ham , man utd , man city ( 2006-13 ) now at : juventus ( v monaco , wed ) . his lowest point came in a champions league tie for city against bayern munich when he allegedly refused to warm up when roberto mancini wanted to use him as a substitute . carlos tevez played for three teams in the premier league and is still going strong at juventus . fernando torres . was at : liverpool , chelsea ( 2007-15 ) now at atletico madrid on loan from ac milan ( v real madrid , wed ) . was part of the chelsea squad that won the champions league in 2012 , scoring against barcelona in a famous semi-final at the nou camp . back at his first club trying to recapture his old form . fernando torres is looking to restore his reputation at atletico madrid after struggling with chelsea and milan . thomas vermaelen . was at : arsenal ( 2009-14 ) now at : barcelona ( v paris st germain , tue ) . arsenal 's club captain was sold to barcelona for £15million last summer but is still to make his debut for the catalan giants following a hamstring tear suffered at the world cup . will be back soon . thomas vermaelen has yet to play a game for barcelona after signing from arsenal for £15m last summer . 