american airlines is tapping into the youth market with the introduction of their new in-flight music . new indie music was first piped into the cabin - during boarding and disembarking - a few months ago and has quickly become a hit with passengers . in fact , many have taken to twitter to share their approval of the new on board playlists , which feature rockers such as the xx , haim , phantogram and hozier . american airlines is targeting a younger demographic with the introduction of their new ' indie ' cabin playlists . according to buzzfeed news , on an internal blog , american airlines representative , barbara delollis , discussed the company 's decision . ' for 2015 , they sought out a style of music that 's upbeat yet not distracting , helps american stand out from the competition and appeals to younger generations , ' she wrote . and it takes a lot for a track to make the cut . according to delollis , the songs are n't just those ' you might find on the ipad/spotify of a gen xer or millenial . foster the people is just one of many indie rock bands that are included on american airlines ' new playlists . tracks from hozier ( left ) and lykke li ( right ) were also hand selected to be played on board the flights . while boarding and while disembarking , specially selected indie rock music will now be piped into the cabin . the change comes on the heels of unfavourable customer feedback about the airline 's previous cabin music , which were instrumental piano versions of pop songs . brian richardson , senior manager of american 's in-flight entertainment and connectivity , also shared his thoughts about the switch on the same internal blog . ' the instrumental versions of pop songs had become tired and people were ready for a change , ' he added . one twitter user was especially excited to hear one of her favourite bands , phantogram , on board . washed out , or ernest greene , is an electronica singer-songwriter and record producer from georgia . hozier 's take me to church was one of the biggest songs of the year - and can now be heard on board . phantogram ( left ) and the xx ( right ) are two of the featured artists on american airlines new cabin playlists . one customer mused that boarding his american airlines flight felt like heading into a trendy nightclub . for this twitter user , the best part of his flight was the boarding music playlist - and arriving safely , of course . some passengers are n't totally excited about the change , like this man , who liked the previous elevator music . he also shared his excitement about seeing customers on board take out their smartphones and use the shazam app to identify the songs playing . ' who would 've thought that we 'd be introducing some people to these indie artists ? ' he wrote . the indie music is paired with the airline 's new state-of-the-art cabins and , so far , all mainline and some regional aircraft have adopted the in-flight playlists . mailonline travel has contacted american airlines for comment .  