rihanna is always ahead of the fashion curve . which is why when the singer headed out to a restaurant in santa monica to eat on tuesday night without a bra , she was most likely paying a nod to the latest trend - ditching the bra . in the past , the luxurious italian eaterie would have probably raised eyebrows at the bajan star 's attire , but in 2015 she is one of a number of celebrities who are deciding to ditch their underwear . scroll down for video . when rihanna headed out to eat at a restaurant in santa monica this weekend , she left her bra at home . the singer is one of h a growing number of celebrities who are opting to ditch their lingerie . these days , more and more stars are opting to ditch their bras when it comes to day-to-day clothing . few women are unfamiliar with the joy of removing the bra after a long day on their feet . but it seems that in 2015 , this liberation now extends to clothing choices when out and about too . and the loose-and-fancy-free look is also a big feature on red carpets , with rita ora and nicole scherzinger both leaving the bra at home when attending a-list parties recently . to see which celebrities are adopting the bra-less trend , read on ... rita ora flashed some flesh in a sheer top as she attended a charli xcx gig in london last month . kim kardashian decided to leave her bra behind as she went out for a date with kanye west in west hollywood . rose huntington-whiteley left the bra at home when she went out partying at nice guys nightclub in hollywood last week with orlando bloom . scout willis looked every inch the happy hippie on a night out at the chateau marmont in hollywood last sunday . sophie monk decided to go braless as she nipped out for a trip to the salon in sydney last weekend . rod stewart 's daughter ruby opted for a partially unbuttoned shirt with no bra while out shopping in la on tuesday . amanda holden caused a media frenzy when she went bra-less in a skintight khaki number at the britain 's got talent auditions in birmingham in february . miranda kerr used to earn a living modelling lingerie , but the star decided to ditch her bra as she did some errands in santa monica last month . nicole scherzinger ensured she was free to manoeuvre around the dancfeloor by leaving her bra at home for the olivier awards after party this weekend . toni braxton is 47 , but that did n't stop her ditching the bra and looking fabulous at a uncf an evening of stars fundraiser on tuesday night . 45 year old rachel hunter grinned for the cameras as she headed out to the shops in cannes this week without her bra . if you 're feeling a little daring this season but find ditching your bra slightly daunting , lydia jones , who is ceo of online retailer wantherwardrobe.com , has some great tips for feeling confident and sexy in your new dress . - invest in a pair of nipple covers from your local department store , these are great for creating a smooth look whilst also hiding any embarrassing moments during the colder weather ! - body tape is great for keeping your plunging neckline or open sides in the right places so you feel comfortable and confident all night long - just make sure you invest in a higher market brand so the tape sticks on place . - avoid light polyester fabrics in colours such as white and cream , these tend to go see-through and are difficult to reduce exposure . - choose fabrics that have a heavier weight to them such as a crepe or cotton , these will avoid the risk of exposing any nipple covers or body tape and will stay in place much easier . - if you 're feeling a little exposed , try a longer hairstyle as this will cover you up slightly . 