john carver knows only too well that a tyne-wear derby can make or break a manager . his first in the dugout was as assistant to ruud gullit in august , 1999 , when on a sodden night at st james ' park the dutchman left out alan shearer and duncan ferguson and paid for his selection with his job after a 2-1 defeat . carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season and knows what impact a victory – or a loss – could have on sunday afternoon . john carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club against sunderland on sunday . gullit controversially decided not to start star players duncan ferguson and alan shearer in 1999 . carver was assistant to former newcastle manager ruud gullit who managed the club between 1998 and 1999 . his memories of gullit 's downfall remind him of such consequences . ' we were at the old training ground at durham cricket club and i was in the room with steve clarke and ruud , ' recalls carver . ' all of a sudden , he started talking about what the team was going to be against sunderland . i said , ' sorry ruud , what did you say there ? ' . ' he said he was going to leave out alan and duncan . i said , ' do you know how important this game is ? ' . ' he said , ' i have played in some massive derbies . i 've played in them in holland and london and i played in the milan derby too ' . ' i said , ' yeah , but you have n't played in one like this ruud ' . ' and then we just walked out of the room . he seemed set on the fact that was what he was going to do . ' i talked about it being a motivation for the opposition seeing alan and duncan on the bench . but he had no concerns whatsoever . ' i actually thought , ' if we do n't win it , he 's gone ' . i said to steve , ' is he writing his resignation before the game ? ' . gullit 's selection gambit did not pay off and newcastle ended up losing 2-1 to sunderland at st james ' park . ' we actually went 1-0 up but they turned it around and then the heavens opened . it was a dreadful night . ' the following morning shearer went to see gullit , only ferguson had beaten him to it , knocking the door off the hinges , legend has it . by the end of the week he had quit . carver was also by alan pardew 's side during the last four derby defeats , a factor the former manager admits did him little favours with the toon army . in that respect , carver knows how much a positive result could aid his chances of landing the job on a permanent basis . ' in the eyes of the fans , if you win a derby game , it 's massive , ' he said . ' i 'm not saying everything else is forgotten , but it certainly helps your case . if i come off and it 's not been a football match but we win 1-0 , i 'll be delighted with that . ' we had a good football match last weekend ( 2-1 defeat at home to arsenal ) and got nothing for it . at the end of the day , it 's all about getting the win . ' carver was also assistant manager to alan pardew , who lost four successive games against sunderland . 