a dartmouth college judicial committee has ' derecognized ' a fraternity that partly inspired the 1978 cult classic ' animal house ' because some new members received brands on their backsides . it found alpha delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations . the fraternity has until next monday to appeal the decision . alpha delta president ryan maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options . booted out : a dartmouth college judicial committee has ' derecognized ' alpha delta after several pledges received brands on their backsides . regardless of the outcome of an appeal , inge-lise ameer , interim dean , has the authority to withdraw recognition of alpha delta . she 's taken evidence from the committee under advisement . attorney george ostler said last month alpha delta acknowledged a small group of members voluntarily chose to get brands on their backsides , but said the practice - which he compared to a form of self-expression akin to piercing and tattoos - was never a condition of membership and has since stopped . a sophomore pledge of alpha delta reportedly agreed to be branded on his backside in the fall of 2014 , according to a whistleblower . by agreeing to the branding , the pledge would theoretically be allowed to avoid ' more drinking-intensive pledge activities ' . when the pledge went home for winter break , he realized something was wrong with his brand and went to the doctor , gawker first reported last month . toga ! the 46-year-old greek organization partly inspired the 1978 national lampoon 's animal house starring john belushi ( pictured center ) . he had to be hospitalized after it was determined the brand was infected . medical personnel alerted the college , which is in hanover , new hampshire , and the school handed down a suspension . this is not the first time alpha delta has been linked to branding . making changes : dartmouth college president philip hanlon - who was a member of alpha delta in the 1970s - announced this year a series of reforms to eliminate problems he said were ' hijacking ' dartmouth 's future . a 1992 rolling stone article reported that ' a few pledges were reportedly branded against their will this year ' . alpha delta brothers did not deny that allegation at the time . the pledge whose brand became infected is now a brother in the fraternity . the greek organization has received bad publicity over the past four years . in 2011 , two students were hurt when they plummeted from the roof of the alpha delta house , reported valley news . two years later , the notorious frat was indicted for serving alcohol to minors . that same year , alpha delta was force to issue an apology for organizing a ' bloods and crips ' themed party . then in october 2014 , alpha delta was suspended for committing alcohol violations . earlier this year , dartmouth college president philip hanlon - who was a member of alpha delta in the 1970s - announced a series of reforms to eliminate problems he said were ' hijacking ' dartmouth 's future that included high-risk drinking , sexual assault and a lack of inclusiveness on campus . the college is banning hard liquor on campus , ending pledge or probationary periods for all student groups to reduce hazing , developing a mandatory sexual violence prevention program and creating new residential communities . alpha delta was initially founded by members of the gamma sigma society but dissociated from its parent corporation and renamed itself the alpha delta fraternity in 1969 . 