the family of a former civil servant have spoken of their fury after he left his £1million estate to turkish carer nermin kancefer ( above ) , who he met just 14 months before he died . the family of a former civil servant have spoken of their fury after he left his £1million estate to a turkish carer he met just 14 months before he died . dennis sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help nermin kancefer months after she moved in to his £615,000 flat . he disinherited his surviving relatives who had been the intended beneficiaries for more than 20 years . four months later , he died at the age of 87 . his family claimed the carer exploited the ' vulnerable ' childless widower , who had parkinson 's disease and was in poor health . but the mother-of-one , 50 , insists mr sears had a change of heart after falling out with his family . mr sears 's family challenged the will but agreed a £50,000 settlement in august after they were told legal costs in the case could reach six figures . his nephew peter harris , 49 , told the mail the family had always got on well with the various carers mr sears had following his wife kath 's death in 2009 . but he claimed within months of miss kancefer 's arrival she was calling him ' daddy ' and they felt ' something was not right ' . he said mr sears ' suddenly ' turned on his nephews and niece , accusing them of conspiring to put him into a nursing home . he instructed solicitors to serve harassment notices to prevent them contacting him . four months after she moved in , in february 2012 , mr sears paid £3,000 to buy miss kancefer out of her agency contract so she could work for him privately . he also gave her rings which had belonged to his wife of 40 years . he changed his will in august 2012 leaving the bulk to charity and some to miss kancefer , but changed it again in december that year leaving everything to her . his estate included his three-bedroom riverside flat in walton-on-thames , surrey , and £400,000 in shares and cash . mr harris said he and his four siblings visited their uncle – whose late wife was their mother 's sister – once a month and he had spent christmas with their family for decades . he added : ' we built a rapport with dennis 's carers to ensure he was happy and well cared-for . this all changed suddenly when nermin appeared on the scene . we were incredibly close , he was ensconced in the family . ' all of a sudden there was a dramatic change in his behaviour . she convinced him we wanted to put him in a home and were only after his money . it was so far from the truth . our only concern was for dennis 's welfare . ' he said fighting the will had been ' difficult ' as his uncle was proved to have been of sound mind when he changed it . ' we just want people to know the warning signs so this does n't happen to anyone else , ' he added . dennis sears ' estate included his three-bedroom riverside flat in walton-on-thames , surrey ( above ) , and £400,000 in shares and cash . miss kancefer strongly denied any wrongdoing and said mr sears was ' extremely happy ' with her . she said he was ' angry ' with his relatives and it was his decision to disinherit them . she told the mail : ' i had a special connection with dennis . he gave me love like i never had from my father . ' she added : ' when i found him he was in a very bad condition but he really recovered and was enjoying life . ' she claimed she did n't find out about mr sears 's second will change until after he died . asked why she thought he left everything to her , she said : ' because he was looked after very well . ' she said mr sears had felt ' bullied ' by his relatives . ' if he was unhappy why should he leave it to them , ' she said , adding : ' if my son does not treat me well i will do the same . ' surrey police fraud officers were investigating the case but yesterday made the decision to take no further action .