manchester united 's thumping 4-2 derby victory over city is the latest vindication for the methods of manager louis van gaal . the dutchman spent long periods of the season under fire for the disjointed performances of his misfiring team but is now basking in the glory of a dramatic upturn in fortunes . convincing victories over tottenham hotspur , liverpool and city have fans believing in van gaal 's fabled philosophy . with a place in the top four all but assured and local bragging rights restored , here are five things the manager changed to transform united . manchester united players celebrate chris smalling 's goal during their 4-2 victory ove manchester city . here comes the belgian . who is this marauding midfield menace ? marouane fellaini was public enemy no 1 last season , appearing to epitomise everything that was wrong with united under david moyes . the scapegoat with the funny hair found it no laughing matter and this season has thrived under a manager who is utilising his strengths . van gaal is brave enough and bold enough to throw the big man into the action and give him licence to attack , regardless of aesthetics . if his unplayable form continues , expect sales of those daft wigs outside old trafford to rocket . marouane fellaini celebrates after the influential belgian gave the red devils a 2-1 lead on sunday . fellaini leaps to meet ashley young 's cross with a header to send old trafford into a state of euphoria . last season , fellaini struggled to make an impact at old trafford and was heavily criticised by fans . ander-nother one comes good . some united fans will tell you that they always knew ander herrera would do the business , he just needed the opportunity . van gaal however , will say that the box-to-box basque boy is now thriving because he has taken on board his advice . the manager bemoaned a lack of composure from herrera which saw him start just one premier league match from october to mid-february . since his return he has provided a cutting edge that united lacked until their spring rising . van gaal will no doubt claim similar credit for the resurgence of a reborn ashley young . spanish midfielder ander herrera has been in impressive form for louis van gaal 's side . the united boss congratulated herrera after another good performance as united defeated rivals city . figuring out what 's the mata . juan mata failed to live up to big expectations last season and looked like another who would prove to be a big-money flop . in fairness , it was a tall order to perform in a sinking side and some wondered if , given an apparent lack of pace , he would ever fit in . the man who arrived in a helicopter , however , finally has lift-off . surrounded by willing runners he is now a key cog in a well-oiled machine . loved by chelsea fans , he is now close to being adored in manchester . the special juan . juan mata slots the ball past goalkeeper joe hart to give his side a commanding 3-1 lead against city . mata celebrates in front of the united supporters after firing his side into a two-goal lead . reputation counts for nothing . van gaal has been dropping hints about his philosophy all season . the message came loud and clear when he was asked why he had preferred unproven teenager james wilson to £280,000-a-week loan man radamel falcao . ' if a player cost £95m or £5,000 it’s not any different for me , ’ van gaal told us . ‘ you have to prove yourself . ’ it is that mantra that has seen the likes of falcao , £60m angel di maria and old pal robin van persie spend large parts of the season checking their backsides for splinters and has paved the way for the re-emergance of the likes of mata , herrera , fellaini and young . radamel falcao ( right ) has had to settle for a place on the bench after failing to impress van gaal . record £60million signing angel di maria has also been made to sit on the bench by the united boss . stumbling across a system . despite snatching unlikely victories , united had laboured for long chunks of the campaign with the atmosphere at old trafford often flatter than a ( dutch ) pancake . not now . the three at the back is long gone and while it might not be the 4-4-2 the frustrated fans chanted for at qpr , the 4-1-4-1 ( with a special mention for michael carrick ) some would say the boss was forced into thanks to injury is not far off . by luck or design it is working . the theatre of dreams is rocking again and the nightmare of last season seems a million miles away . michael carrick has been key to united 's recent form as his side move up the premier league table . 