this is the moment a young boy 's dream came true when he met his hero r2d2 at a star wars convention and the pair danced along the corridor together . the child 's infectious giggles can be heard after r2d2 followed him around star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california and the pair began spinning around each other in circles . clearly a fan , the boy was dressed in a star wars t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair to promote the new film , the force awakens . a young star wars fan giggled in delight when he was approached by his favourite character r2d2 . the robot began turning in time with the boy and he can be heard on video giggling loudly and uncontrollably . in the video , which shows the boy giggling with delight , the blue and white robot dances approaches him and copies the child as he begins to turn on his wheels . as the youngster makes his way down the corridor the robot follows him and pauses , mirroring the child 's every move . he is then heard giggling loudly and uncontrollably as other children watch the pair . chris lee , who claimed he was in charge of the robot , wrote on youtube : ' this was the second interaction that we had with this awesome kid . r2d2 approaches the boy at the convention and begins to copy his actions as he turns in his wheelchair . the robot spins around in time with the young fan , much to his delight when he realises what is happening . as the child speeds off down a corridor r2d2 follows him , beeping loudly and flashing his lights . ' he was having so much fun and laughing continuously . even his parents and some people in the crowd ( me included ) started giggling uncontrollably . ' he said the child 's reaction was one of the highlights of the convention for him . the trailer for star wars : episode vii - the force awakens , which debuted at the event on thursday , was viewed 88 million times worldwide in the first 24 hours . directed by jj abrams , the movie opens in the us on december 18 . 