yoko ono has led the tributes to john lennon 's first wife cynthia calling her a ' wonderful mother ' with a ' strong zest for life ' after she died at the age of 75 following a short battle with cancer . the second wife of the beatles singer said she was ' very saddened ' by the news , adding that she was ' proud ' how she and cynthia had ' stood firm in the beatles family ' . cynthia , who married lennon after meeting him in college , died yesterday at her home in spain . a message on her son julian 's website said he was at her beside throughout , and the family ' are thankful for your prayers ' . scroll down for video . yoko ono has led the tributes to john lennon 's first wife cynthia , posting this photo of the two women with their sons sean and julian . she wrote underneath : ' when we were very happy together ' . cynthia lennon , who died at her home in spain yesterday , later penned memoirs of her time with her famous husband , who eventually left her for yoko ono . this memorial website set up for her by her family carried an image of her surrounded by a love heart and a brief statement explaining she had died after a ' short but brave ' battle with cancer . in the statement , yoko said : ' i 'm very saddened by cynthia 's death . she was a great person and a wonderful mother to julian . ' she had such a strong zest for life and i felt proud how we two women stood firm in the beatles family . please join me in sending love and support to julian at this very sad time . ' yoko also posted a picture which had been taken in 2010 of the two women with their sons , julian and sean . she captioned the picture : ' when we were very happy together . ' cynthia lennon , nee powell , married lennon in 1962 and stayed with him as he rose to global stardom with the beatles until the couple divorced in 1968 . but the pair divorced in 1968 after cynthia discovered her husband 's relationship with the japanese artist . former beatles paul mccartney and ringo starr added their condolences . writing on his website , mccartney , 72 , said : ' she was a lovely lady who i 've known since our early days together in liverpool . she was a good mother to julian and will be missed by us all , but i will always have great memories of our times together . ' left , a rare photograph taken during a private family holiday shows the couple relaxing on a boat . right , cynthia and her and lennon 's son julian are pictured together at a show in 2006 . john lennon and cynthia board a flight from heathrow to new york in 1964 before thousands of adoring fans . starr , 74 , tweeted : ' peace and love to julian lennon god bless cynthia love ringo and barbara xx . ' john lennon and cynthia met at college and married just as lennon 's career with the beatles propelled him to fame . julian also tweeted a picture of his mother , who was 75 , inside a heart with the message ' in loving memory ' . he also posted a moving video tribute to his late mother with a song he had written in her honor . ' you gave your life for me , you gave your life for love , ' it begins , showing footage of him as a young boy with his parents . it also shows footage of cynthia with john during the early days of beatlemania . ' the love you left behind will carry on , ' julian sings in a style influenced by his late father . it concludes with the words : ' i know you 're safe above . ' cynthia met lennon at art school in liverpool in 1957 and the couple married just before beatlemania transformed her husband from a jobbing musician into one of the most famous men in the world . at the height of the beatles ' early success , she was kept so far in the background that many of lennon 's female fans were not even aware of her existence , and she stayed at home bringing up julian while the fab four toured the world and topped the charts . cynthia lennon pictured with the beatles in 1964 during their rose to global stardom . the couple ( pictured together left and right in 1964 ) divorced in 1968 after cynthia discovered her husband 's relationship with yoko ono . cynthia lennon grew up in a middle-class community on the wirral , met john lennon while they were both students at the liverpool college of art . the pair married in 1962 , when cynthia was just 22 , after she became pregnant with their son julian . beatles ' members george harrison , paul mccartney , and the beatles ' manager , brian epstein - who was best man - all attended . the lennons bought kenwood , then a 22-bedroom home , in weybridge , surrey , for £20,000 in 1964 . kenwood became the place to visit for the other beatles , various american musicians and total strangers that lennon had met the previous night in london nightclubs . while she had suspicions of lennon 's infidelity over the years , with friends telling her that lennon had had numerous affairs as far back as their time together at art college in liverpool , cynthia ignored the warnings . the lennons ' marriage troubles came to a head in february 1968 when lennon drunkenly confessed to sleeping with other women during their marriage . lennon suggested cynthia take a holiday with friends . she returned to find her husband sitting across from yoko ono on the floor - staring into each other 's eyes . in one of her book 's she wrote that she then found yoko 's slippers outside their bedroom door - shocked and upset she left the house to stay with friends . the couple share a laugh together in 1964 . cynthia later described her role in their relationship as like a ' walk on part ' . in later years , cynthia wrote in her book of how she was mistreated by lennon as he soared to fame . the beatles ' only authorised biographer , hunter davies , said the couple 's friends at art school never thought the relationship would last because they were such different characters . cynthia lennon , pictured in 1968 , divorced from the hit songwriter after he met yoko ono . after years of trouble , the marriage finally ended in august 1968 when yoko ono discovered she was pregnant . fearing a lengthy divorce process , the couple settled outside of court , with lennon agreeing to pay cynthia £100,000 and give her custody of julian . the divorce prompted paul mccartney to pen the beatles ' classic hey jude to help julian cope with his parents ' separation . he changed the name julian to jude in the song . the line ' take a sad song and make it better , ' is about the lennons ' broken marriage and its impact on their son . cynthia learned of lennon 's death on 8 december 1980 , while she was staying with friends in london . she married italian hotelier roberto bassanini in 1970 , divorcing him in 1973 . in 1976 , she married john twist , an engineer from lancashire , but divorced him in 1983 . in an interview to publicise one of her books , 2005 's john , she told good morning america : ' i have read so many books and seen so many films , and it 's like we do n't really exist . we are like walk-on parts in his life . we did spend 10 years together . ' recalling their early days , she said : ' you could n't resist being around him . you could n't resist watching what he was up to . i mean , he was a total rebel . everybody was amazed by him . ' author hunter davies , who wrote the only authorized beatles biography in 1968 , described cynthia as a ' lovely woman ' . he said that unlike john , she was ' quiet and reserved and calm ' and ' not a hippy at all . ' he said their friends at art school never thought the relationship would last because they were so different . in her book , cynthia described being mistreated by john . julian was their only child together . he said : ' when i was writing the book i spent two years with them , visiting her home and spending time with her . ' i think it was the attraction of opposites between them . when they got together at art school everyone was amazed - she was seen as refined and reserved and nobody thought they would last . a never-before-seen dossier detailing the bitter breakdown of john lennon 's marriage to his first wife cynthia was uncovered in february after nearly 50 years . the five-page document , drafted by the solicitors dealing with the beatle 's divorce in 1968 , reveals details of his increasing drug use and his affair with yoko ono . it centres on claims made by dorothy jarlett , lennon 's housekeeper of four years , on what she saw while working at the lennon family home kenwood in weybridge , surrey . the papers detail his mood swings , aggressive behaviour towards his young son julian and heated arguments between him and cynthia . mrs jarlett describes how yoko ono would visit the country pile while cynthia was out of the country , and how she once found the pair in bed together . she reveals how lennon became nonchalant towards his wife around 1967 - five years after they tied the knot - when the beatles were at the height of their fame . she said lennon was uninterested in playing the father figure role and that he would smack julian if he misbehaved . the statement was made to herbert oppenheimer , nathan and vandyk - a firm of solicitors in london employed by cynthia following the breakdown of the marriage . the document has never been seen before because lennon and cynthia settled out of court , with lennon agreeing to pay her £100,000 and give her custody of julian . cynthia and her son julian pictured together in 2006 at the opening of the beatles ' love by cirque du soleil . cynthia was often left to look after the couple 's son julian ( pictured together in 2011 ) at home by herself as lennon traversed the globe with the beatles . the mother and son , who were extremely close , attend the unveiling of the john lennon monument in 2010 . julian yesterday released a moving song written in tribute to his mother . the two remained close right up to her death .