a kansas mother who uses marijuana to treat a debilitating disease is now fighting for custody of her child after the 11-year-old boy disagreed with an anti-drug presentation at his school . shona banda , 37 , who published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for crohn 's disease , has a custody hearing monday in garden city , kansas . her boy was taken by authorities on march 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services . medical marijuana activist shona banda , 37 , is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home . the department of children and families in the small midwestern town then contacted police who went to banda 's home , according to the garden city telegram . she did not give authorities consent to search her home , but they returned several hours later with a warrant and discovered marijuana in plant , oil , joint , gel and capsule form along with paraphernalia for the drug . two ounces of cannabis in plant form and one ounce of oil were reportedly seized . video supposedly of the incident posted on youtube shows officers arriving at banda 's house without a warrant , standing in her backyard and refusing to let the woman enter her house for fear that she could disturb evidence . ' it is not public property , you don’t have a warrant , ' banda is heard telling the police of her backyard , but a sergeant responds that it 'doesn’t matter ' . the boy was given temporarily to his father , who is separated from banda , but returned to state custody on thursday ahead of the hearing . no charges have yet been filed against the mother . banda wrote a book that detailed how she used cannabis oil to treat her debilitating crohn 's disease . police asked to enter the activist 's house ( pictured ) , but she denied them entry until they arrived with a warrant . ' for him to have spoken up in class i can’t be upset about because he hears me daily on the phone talking with people , encouraging people to speak up and speak out , ' she told ben swann of her son . ' my son says different things like , ‘ my mom calls it cannabis and not marijuana , ’ banda said . the mother , who was diagnosed with the inflammatory bowel disease crohn 's in the early 2000s , said that she had been losing weight and was ' on her death bed ' before she began using cannabis oil in 2009 . crohn 's , where the body 's immune system attacks the gastrointestinal system , causes pain , diarrhea , menstrual problems , lack of appetite and fatigue . banda said that the marijuana worked much better than any medicines that had been prescribed for her and she was soon able to walk without a cane , she said in a youtube video . she says that her son was pulled out of school and interrogated by police without her . a go fund me page has raised more than $ 20,000 for banda 's legal defense . supporters plan on rallying outside the courthouse when the author goes in for her custody hearing on monday . video posted on youtube shows the officers standing in her backyard ( left ) and denying banda entry into her home ( right ) because she may have disturbed evidence . banda says that her 11-year-old was pulled out of school ( pictured ) and questioned by police after his statements . possession of any amount of marijuana is illegal in kansas and can land offenders with up to a year in jail and a $ 1,000 fine . repeat offenses are a felony and can lead to up to three and a half years behind bars , according to the marijuana policy project . banda and her son had previously lived in colorado , where marijuana is legal for recreational use , roughly one hour driving from garden city . a medical marijuana bill that would allow some patients to use cannabis oil was in the process of going through the kansas state legislature earlier this year , according to the kansas city star . twenty-four states have laws allowing medical marijuana , while four and the district of columbia have legalized recreational use by adults .