just over 60 per cent of americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change . but within the us , opinions on global warming vary wildly between states , local communities , and congressional districts . people in california , for instance , are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central us . click on the interactive map below to find out which regions think global warming is happening . now a new interactive map has revealed public opinion in all 50 states , 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties . to create the map , researchers at yale university asked people if they believed global warming is happening and whether they were worried . they were also asked questions such as whether they would support research into renewable energies and what they think about carbon limits . nationally , 52 per cent of americans are worried about global warming . but , as the results show , this national number glosses over the geographic diversity . concern about global warming ranges from an estimated low of 38 per cent in pickett county , tennessee , to a high of 74 per cent in washington , d.c . the results also identify significant variation within states , and one surprising result is texas . here , public concern about climate change ranges from a low of 39 per cent in king county to a high of 61 per cent in travis county . just over 60 per cent of americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change . pictured are the percentages of people who are worried about climate change , divided by different counties . concern about global warming ranges from an estimated low of 38 per cent in pickett county , tennessee ( pictured ) , to a high of 74 per cent in washington , d.c . the earth experienced its hottest month of march since record-keeping began in 1880 . there 's been no break from the globe 's record heat - the first three months of 2015 have all set new high temperature marks . last month 's average temperature soared to 56.4°f ( 13.6°c ) , which is 1.5°f ( 0.85°c ) above the average for the 20th century . scientists warn that fossil fuel burning is pushing more greenhouse gas into the atmosphere , leading to increased temperatures , melting of polar ice and glaciers , and rising seas . the data , released last week by the national oceanic and atmospheric administration ( noaa ) takes into account global averages across land and sea surfaces . it follows earlier announcements from us government scientists that 2014 was the hottest year in modern history . ' although a majority of people in every state think global warming is happening , this analysis makes it possible to see how much opinions differ within each state , ' said peter howe of utah state university , the lead author of the paper . ' these differences are partly due to the fact that different groups often think differently about the issue . ' for example , hispanics and latinos tend to be more worried about global warming than other racial or ethnic groups , which can be seen on the map in counties with more latino residents . ' hawaii , california , vermont and massachusetts are the four states that are most worried by climate change . three are coloured in orange , which means that at least 50 per cent of the people in every county are concerned about climate change . the data used in is based on 12 surveys conducted between 2008 and 2013 by the yale project on climate communication . to validate the model , the research team conducted separate surveys in four states and two cities . they found the estimates were within three percentage points of the independent surveys at the state level and four percentage points at the city level . ' most of the action to reduce carbon pollution and prepare for climate change impacts is happening at the state and local levels of american society , ' said anthony leiserowitz , a research scientist at the yale school of forestry and environmental studies . ' yet elected officials , the media , educators , and advocates currently know little about the levels of public and political will for climate action at these sub-national levels . leiserowitz added that state and local surveys are costly and time-intensive , and as a result most public opinion polling is only done at the national level . in texas , concern about climate change ranges from a low of 39 per cent in king county to a high of 61 per cent in travis county ( pictured ) . pictured are the number of adults who believe global warming is taking place . the results are divided by congressional district . the researchers say many americans believe that even if it exists , global warming is not their problem . ' this model for the first time reveals the full geographic diversity of public opinion in the united states at these critical levels of decision making , ' he said . earlier this year , research by the same group the number of people in america who believe climate change is n't happening has risen to 23 percent , up seven percentage points since april 2013 . the researchers also say many americans believe that even if it exists , global warming is not their problem . ' over years of research , we have consistently found that , on average , americans view global warming as a threat distant in space and time – a risk that will affect faraway places , other species , or future generations more than people here and now , ' an earlier report by the group said . ' people who prior said do n't know are increasingly saying they do n't believe it , ' said leiserowitz . he told livescience media coverage surrounding the release of the ipcc report in september may be the explanation for the shift . while the report made a strong case for human-caused climate change , the majority of global media coverage focused on the question of whether there has been a ' pause ' in global warming . ' media frames can be really important in shaping the way people interpret the news , ' he said . the findings divide americans into six distinct subsets . sixteen percent are ' alarmed , ' sure global warming is happening and concerned about it . on the opposite end of the spectrum are the ' dismissive , ' who comprise about 15 per cent of the public and who almost all see global warming as a conspiracy theory or hoax . changing either of these two groups ' opinions about climate change is nearly impossible , the report found . this graph reveals the percentage of people in each state who support funding research into renewable energy sources . new york , vermont and illinois are among the states with the highest levels of support . just over 60 per cent of americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change . but within the us , opinions on global warming vary wildly between states , local communities , and congressional districts . people in california , for instance , are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central us .