a romanian woman being deported from new zealand after leaving her partner , has been told she must leave her two-year-old son behind . 34-year-old nicole mihai was told by the immigration agency that she will now have to return to romania as she is not a new zealand resident . however , the family court have ruled that her young son , chris , is not able to reside further than 50 kilometres from his new zealand father . she now faces a distressing battle with the immigration agency who insist chris 's future living arrangements ' are not their problem . ' a romanian woman being deported from new zealand after relationship broke down , has been told she must leave her 2-year-old son , chris behind . nicole mihai was told by new zealand immigration that once her visa expires , she must return to romania . ' i go to sleep at night and and wake up in the morning and think today may be the last day with my son , ' ms. mihai told daily mail australia . ' i go to sleep at night and and wake up in the morning and think today may be the last day with my son , ' ms mihai said . ms. mihai separated from her new zealand born partner after a two-year relationship . she was awarded full custody of their son , with her ex partner having little contact with chris . once they separated , immigration had ms mihai 's visa cancelled . ' i had to apply for a temporary visa and residency , ' she said . ' that was almost a year ago , and i 've been fighting with them ever since . ' according to ms mihai , the immigration agency have informed her that her application has nothing to do with chris and therefore he is none of their concern . ' immigration does n't take all of the facts into consideration , ' she said . in order for chris to move to romania to be with his mother , his father would need to sign a contract allowing him to go , which ms mihai strongly doubts . ' even if he signed and chris were to come with me , we would have to live in a two bedroom home with my mother , my sister and her child , ' she said . ' it would be very hard for me to get a job and my mother can not support all of us . ' ms mihai moved to new zealand seven years ago and worked as a waitress on minimum wage . she admits that she does struggle just like all other single mothers , but she has a new job as a branch manager and her and her son are happy in new zealand . ' my son was born here ... he does n't know anything else , ' ms mihai said . a ruling from the family court said ms mihai 's son chris must remain within 50 kilometres of his kiwi father . the 34-year-old vows to fight this battle until the end and will not give up her life with her son . ' from monday to friday , eight til six , he 's in daycare with his friends and for me to take him to a strange place where he does n't know anybody would be very difficult for him . ' ms mihai does not know when the end point to this battle will be , but she has had her temporary visa extended until june 26 which is when she is expecting to receive a final decision . however she said she will fight this battle until the end and will not give up her life with chris . ' i 'd rather die than live one day without my son , ' she said . ' i 'm just hoping that everything will get sorted and i can just move on with my life and my son 's life . '         