a british holidaymaker had to be forcibly removed from a manchester-bound plane in egypt after he allegedly threatened to kill other passengers . the plane was minutes away from take-off at the airport in the red sea city of hurghada when an unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane , a witness said . flight tcx2515 was taxiing to the runway at the time , but was forced to return to its stand , where the man was removed by an armed officer . a witness said the unruly passenger was removed by an armed officer , causing a delay for travellers . tony penner , a passenger on the plane , told the manchester evening news that the disruptive man punched a bus door and uttered threats as travellers were being driven to the plane on friday night . mr penner , 53 , said : ‘ he was with his partner who was also unsteady . he started shouting “i’ll kill anybody who gets near me on the plane” . ‘ it was a shocking thing to hear . we felt threatened . then he started punching the bus door . he wasn’t a happy chap . ’ the man boarded the plane despite the drama on the bus , and he left passengers feeling nervous after causing more problems on board . the drama unfolded after passengers spent time in the red sea tourist resort of hurghada , egypt . the captain announced that the plane would return to its stand , and passengers applauded when the man – who had a large build and tattoos – was removed , said mr penner . he told the manchester evening news : ‘ as soon as the steps went down an officer with a pistol came on board . ‘ he and the pilot chucked the guy off . he was complaining that everyone was picking on him . ’ passengers were delayed for 40 minutes before the plane departed for manchester without the man on board . a thomas cook airlines spokesperson told mailonline travel : ‘ we have a zero tolerance policy towards any behaviour on board affecting the safety and welfare of our crew and customers . ‘ we 'd like to thank those on board for the patience during the short delay to their flight home . ' it was unclear whether the man was detained or charged with a crime , and the airline would not reveal whether the man has been banned from its flights . thomas cook referred media to egyptian authorities and the foreign & commonwealth office . mailonline travel has contacted the fco for comment .