in a world where online shopping is king , toshiba hopes technology can change the in store experience - with a robo-assistant . the firm 's humanoid robot is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in tokyo to help customers find their way around . the female-looking robot , named aiko chihira , will only speak japanese - but she is also capable of sign language . scroll down for video . toshiba 's humanoid robot known as aiko chihira , is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in tokyo . chihira in the work outfit created for the robot . however , chihira is unlikely to engage in smalltalk its makers admit . instead the robot was created to appear , talk and move as humanly as possible . chihira blinks , bows and moves its mouth and lips smoothly while speaking . a toshiba spokesman told the wall street journal that chihira is programmed with multiple human-like expressions , and that it will offer six-minute guidance to customers with information about the department store including events . chihira has appeared at exhibitions and events , but this is the first time it will provide customer service . the robot’s appearance wasn’t modeled on any specific person but was designed to give a friendly impression , according to toshiba . the robot will be set up at the mitsukoshi department store in nihonbashi , tokyo , on monday and tuesday . ms chihira uses sign language to introduce itself to humans . toshiba describes the eerie android , which has blinking eyes and a fixed smile , as having the appearance of ' a friendly young woman . ' at present , the android can mimic only simple movements , such as exchanging greetings and signing in japanese . the technology was first shown off at ceatec 2014 in japan . one of the most popular devices there was te connectivity 's dinosaur robot , the te saurus , which lets users experience a close encounter with a 6ft 11 ( 2.1 metre-tall ) reptile droid . a smartphone application makes the dinosaur walk or jump , while a shake of the smartphone prompts the te saurus to bark . te saurus can also play trivia games as users answer questions through the app . another highlight is omron 's three-legged robot , which is capable of playing a relaxed game of ping pong . it watches its human opponent to predict the ball 's path , and can even decide to take it easy on opponents by missing a few hits . the robot’s appearance wasn’t modeled on any specific person but was designed to give a friendly impression , according to toshiba . with five motors to control paddle movement , it is programmed to serve the ball in a way that makes it easy for the player to return . ' this ping pong robot is really a demonstration of how a robot can interact with a person and react in an appropriate manner , ' said takuya tsuyuguchi , an omron manager . ' we envision this robot perhaps being used in a factory or production line and having a role in which it would have to interact with a worker to do or build something . ' this would involve the robot understanding the needs of its human counterpart and behaving appropriately . ' toshiba 's humanoid robot is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in tokyo , one of the most popular devices is te connectivity 's dinosaur robot , the te saurus , which lets users experience a close encounter with a 6ft 11 ( 2.1 metre-tall ) reptile droid . but the company soon hopes to integrate its technologies in areas including sensing , speech synthesis , speech recognition and robotic control to create a more social robot by 2020 . the goal is to design a companion for the elderly and people with dementia , to offer telecounselling in natural speech , communicate through sign language , and allow healthcare to keep an eye on elderly people . weebles may seem like basic toys now , but in their day they used an impressive weight system based on the laws of physics to ‘ wobble but never fall down . ’ to bring this childhood toy into the modern-day , a japanese firm has created a troop of weeble-style robotic cheerleaders who dance and move while balancing on a ball . and thanks to built-in gyroscopes and infrared sensors , the robots perform in perfect synchronicity - but never fall over . the murata cheerleaders were built by murata manufacturing . instead of wheels , the cheerleading robots balance on a removable ball , which rolls in its housing to help the machines dance and move . they remain upright due to three advanced gyro sensors , which incorporate inverted-pendulum control technology , to detect tilt angles . similar gyro sensors are commonly used in digital cameras , car navigation systems , and more recently , the electronic stability control ( esc ) systems that prevent cars from skidding . each robot is equipped with four infrared sensors , and five ultrasonic microphones to detect surrounding objects , even in the dark . and , based on the differing speeds of sound and light waves , this system determines the relative positions of the robots within a 172 square feet ( 16 metre square ) space . meanwhile a group of 14-inch ( 36cm ) tall cheerleader robots showcased their flawless choreography . murata manufacturing , an electronic component manufacturer , presented the cheerleaders with colour-changing pom-poms that use gyroscopic sensors to roll on spherical bases in unison without losing their balance . ' these robots use our proprietary balancing technology combined with technology that prevents , in real time , the robots from clashing together , ' said tomoyuki mori , a murata engineer . a group of 14-inch ( 36cm ) tall cheerleader robots showcased their flawless choreography.murata manufacturing , an electronic component manufacturer , presented the cheerleaders with colour-changing pom-poms that use gyroscopic sensors to roll on spherical bases in unison without losing their balance . ' it also uses technology that coordinates the movement of all the robots together in a synchronised manner . ' instead of wheels , the cheerleading robots balance on a removable ball , which rolls in its housing to help the machines dance and move . they remain upright due to three advanced gyro sensors , which incorporate inverted-pendulum control technology , to detect tilt angles . similar gyro sensors are commonly used in digital cameras , car navigation systems , and more recently , the electronic stability control ( esc ) systems that prevent cars from skidding . each robot is equipped with four infrared sensors , and five ultrasonic microphones to detect surrounding objects , even in the dark . and , based on the differing speeds of sound and light waves , this system determines the relative positions of the robots within a 172 square ft ( 16 metre square ) space . over 500 companies and organisations are exhibiting at ceatec japan , which will be held until october 11 in chiba , east of tokyo . a model displays japanese mobile communication giant ntt docomo 's mobile navigation device ' yubi navi ' ( finger navigator ) which uses tactile sensations to guide the user at the ceatec electronics trade show .