breakthrough ? : early tests carried out on cancer cells ( like the one pictured ) have shown survival rates in mice were boosted by more than 50 per cent . a new technique that effectively gives a personal treatment for cancer has been found by scientists . it harnesses the power of the body’s immune system and targets it at tumours . early experiments have demonstrated that the new method could revolutionise cancer care . scientists have found a system of priming the body’s immune system to recognise , attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung , skin and bowel tumours . the team which carried out the research found that early trials ‘ profoundly retarded’ tumour growth in mice . survival rates were boosted by more than 50 per cent , according to results published in the journal nature last night . the scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for the first clinical trial on humans . british experts said it is the most promising sign yet that ‘personal’ treatments may be effective in treating a wide range of cancers . until now most cancer drugs have been designed according to the type of tumour they are attacking – a broad-brush approach in which the type of drug is selected depending on the body part in which the tumour is sited . but the new focus on personal cancer therapy instead aims to harness each individual’s immune system and give it a boost depending on the genetic make-up of the tumour itself . the ground-breaking technique may provide a universal blueprint for vaccines that can target a wide range of human cancers . and it overcomes the problem of cancer presenting an ever-moving target that constantly evolves to evade the immune system . scientists last night welcomed the german team’s breakthrough . professor kevin harrington , from the institute of cancer research , london , said : ‘ this study provides the first evidence that we may be on the threshold of being able to produce individualised vaccines directed against specific mutations present in a patient’s tumour . advances : people with skin cancer are now being recruited for the first human trial . ‘ rapid production of purpose-built vaccines appears possible and can now be tested in carefully designed clinical trials . ‘ as yet , this approach must be seen as experimental but it potentially represents a new way of harnessing the power of the immune system against cancer . ’ the scientists , led by dr ugur sahin , of johannes gutenberg university in mainz , identified tumour-specific mutations linked to the different cancers and showed that many of them could be recognised by the body’s immune system . they then created vaccines based on the body’s own rna – a genetic messenger – which encouraged the immune system to direct itself towards the weakest part of the tumour . the treatment was shown to boost the body’s t-cells , which detect , hunt down and destroy cancer cells . of the mice treated , two-thirds were alive after 100 days . of those that did not receive treatment all died within 65 days . when repeated vaccinations were administered , ‘ tumour growth was profoundly retarded’ , the authors wrote . professor peter johnson , from the cancer research uk centre at southampton general hospital , said : ‘ this technique provides the first evidence that it may be possible to direct the immune system to fight cancer using personalised vaccines . ’ 