britain is paying professional aid workers up to £1,000 a day . david cameron has been criticised for ramping up aid spending . britain is paying professional aid workers up to £1,000 a day to work in africa and asia as part of a huge push to meet government targets on aid spending , it was claimed last night . spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years and now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending , an investigation revealed . hundreds of ‘ team leaders’ working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year once the costs of their expenses , security and accommodation are taken into account , an investigation found . daily rates of between £800 and £1000 are commonplace , the times newspaper claimed . the revelations will return attention to britain’s growing aid budget , which now accounts for some £12 billion of public spending a year . the coalition government committed to spending 0.7 per cent of national income on foreign aid – and even passed legislation to enshrine the target into law . that target means that aid spending will increase every year if the economy grows , even if other areas of government spending face swingeing cuts . david cameron has been criticised for ramping up aid spending while slashing funding for the police , defence and justice . the details of consultant spending sparked outrage among backbench tories who have opposed the aid target . philip davies , who is tory parliamentary candidate for shipley said : ‘ when people think of overseas aid they think of people who have aid their homes damaged by an earthquake , a hurricane or a tsunami . they don’t expect to be lining the pockets of consultant fat cats . ‘ this is what happens when you are judged only by how much you are spending . how you actually spend the money becomes immaterial . it leads to grotesque waste and overspending . ’ the department for international development said it uses private sector companies as well as charities to deliver aid projects if they were the best placed to do the job . but officials insisted that spending on external consultants giving advice to the department had fallen . a spokesman said : ‘ dfid has slashed spending on external consultancy and advisory services by 98.9 per cent since 2009 , down to just £200,000 last year , but we rightly continue to use the private sector where it delivers aid projects on the ground that are effective and the best value for money . ’ afghan widows queueing up and waiting to receive aid in kabul , afghanistan . the times quoted anonymous ‘insiders’ claiming that private firms were making huge profits of 50 per cent on aid projects . a report in january by the national audit office found civil servants at the department went on a £1billion spending spree over eight weeks to hit the government target . money was spent at the end of last year on humanitarian programmes but mps questioned whether the rate of spending meant it achieved value for money . the coalition aid commitment – meant dfid was required to spent some £11.46 billion in 2013.. . but in june that year officials realised they would have to spend another £2.7billion in november and december to hit the target . months later that target was revised up again by another £1billion over those two months , taking the total to £3.7billion . the nao report said the burst of spending that raised concerns the money was not used wisely . it said : “ given the limited time available the department could only choose activities where funds could be paid out during 2013 . it may therefore have missed opportunities to get the best outcomes from this spending . ” 