cesc fabregas wore a special protective face mask on sunday as he scored the winning goal in chelsea 's 1-0 victory over qpr . having broken his nose last week , the spaniard netted with just two minutes to go following a poor clearance from qpr goalkeeper rob green before removing the mask to celebrate . fabregas suffered the break during chelsea 's win over stoke city last saturday , taking a hit to the face from charlie adam 's forearm minutes before the scot struck a 66-yard wondergoal at stamford bridge . cesc fabregas wore a protective mask during chelsea 's clash with qpr after breaking his nose last week . fabregas removed the mask as he celebrated scoring a late winner for chelsea against strugglers qpr . the spaniard , pictured at loftus road , suffered the break during chelsea 's win over stoke city last saturday . the protective mask was branded with the fabregas ' initial and squad number for the premier league clash . sportsmail exclusively revealed the shield fabregas would wear against qpr on wednesday . fabregas wrote this note to the orthopedic centre and its craftsmen stefano duchini and lucilla pezzoni . fabregas travelled to milan on tuesday with chelsea medical director paco biosca to have the mask fitted . on sunday , fabregas started the game for chelsea and took to the field - complete with mask - sporting two large bruises around his eyes . sportsmail exclusively revealed the shield fabregas would wear at loftus road on wednesday . the former barcelona star travelled to milan to see a specialist , who produced masks for fernando torres , petr cech and demba ba previously , in the hope of returning to action as soon as possible . the mask , branded with fabregas 's initial and squad number 'c4 ' , was made by the ortholabsport , an orthopedic centre in milan , and their craftsmen stefano duchini and lucilla pezzoni . the centre became famous for its work with former chelsea players torres and ba , but also work with manchester city , fulham and european clubs including inter milan and shakhtar donetsk as well as the italian national team . fabregas travelled to milan on tuesday with chelsea medical director paco biosca to have the mask fitted . the 27-year-old , who played on for the entire 90 minutes against stoke , started for the blues against qpr as chelsea look to extend their lead at the top of the barclays premier league table . fabregas suffered the break during chelsea 's win over stoke city last weekend , taking a hit to the face . the 27-year-old played on for the entire 90 minutes at stamford bridge last saturday despite the knock . chelsea captain john terry was forced to wear a protective face mask after fracturing a cheekbone in 2007 . fernando torres ( right ) , pictured in action against basle in 2013 , also wore a mask during his time at chelsea .