although st mary’s hospital in london is the first choice of venue for the delivery of the royal baby , hospitals in reading and norfolk are on standby . the duke and duchess of cambridge’s second child could be the first royal to be born outside london for 85 years . although st mary’s hospital in west london is the first choice of venue for the delivery , two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the duchess leaves the capital . kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at kensington palace , less than two miles from the lindo wing at st mary’s where prince george was born in 2013 . but it is understood that the royal berkshire in reading and queen elizabeth hospital in king’s lynn , norfolk , have been told to prepare in case she goes into labour nearby . the 33-year-old may visit her parents in bucklebury , berkshire , this week – just 12 miles from the reading hospital . or she could opt to stay at anmer hall , the royal couple’s country home in norfolk near queen elizabeth hospital . the duchess’s private obstetricians have been warned that they could be called to either location , the daily telegraph reports . princess margaret was the last member of the royal family to be born outside london . she was delivered at glamis castle , scotland , in 1930 . the duke of cambridge and prince harry were both born at st mary’s , while the prince of wales , prince andrew and prince edward were delivered at buckingham palace . although the duchess’s due date has not been officially confirmed , she told well-wishers at a charity event last month : ‘i’m due mid-april , to the end of april . ’ bookmakers have predicted that the baby will arrive on april 24 or 25 . prince william is due to attend a wreath-laying ceremony at the cenotaph on april 25 to mark the centenary of the first world war’s gallipoli campaign . a royal spokesman said : ‘ the duke’s intention is to be at the commemorations . being the 100th anniversary , it is very important to him . ’ it is believed the royal berkshire in reading and queen elizabeth hospital in king’s lynn , norfolk , have been told to prepare in case she goes into labour nearby . pictured : the couple with their first born , prince george . st mary’s hospital in west london is the first choice of venue for the delivery and is where the duchess of cambridge gave birth to prince george . final preparations are underway at the hospital for the delivery . 