a personal trainer who claims to have helped gwen stefani get into shape hit a woman so hard that she lost a tooth and was left lying unconscious in a pool of blood , a court has hard . mike heatlie , 42 , launched the violent attack on fiona mccartney outside a nightclub in edinburgh because she did not give him a cigarette . heatlie , from edinburgh , was once voted as one of the city 's most eligible bachelors and claims to have helped train stefani before her 2009 u.s tour . at the time , she described him as ' superman ' . personal trainer mike heatlie , 42 , ( left ) , who claims to have previously work with gwen stefani , launched the violent attack on fiona mccartney , 43 , ( right ) outside a nightclub in edinburgh . but ms mccartney is now facing a £7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home after being assaulted by the personal trainer . he pleaded guilty at edinburgh sheriff court in march to the attack . he is due to appear again on april 22 for sentencing . speaking for the first time about the attack , ms mccartney , a legal pa from greenbank in edinburgh , said : ' i used to love going out on saturday nights . but since the attack i have been very wary and like to be home by a certain time . ' i do n't like to go out to nightclubs now and i get very panicky in crowds after this unprovoked attack . ' i 'm on sleeping tablets from a doctor because i do n't sleep at all . i still have this constant reminder and feel i ca n't move on because i still have the injuries from that night . i 'm reminded every day of this attack . ' ms mccartney said the incident unfolded after heatlie approached her while she was with a friend outside the jam house club in march last year . the edinburgh-based trainer apparently worked on and off with the no doubt singer ( pictured ) since 1997 . a testimony which claims to be from stefani appears on heatlie 's website , which describes him as ' completely passionate ' and a ' wonderful motivator ' . he asked the pair for a cigarette but neither woman had one to give him . he then lashed out and punched her , she said . ms mccartney said she still suffers from numbness and aching in her mouth . she is also due to have expensive and painful dental work , over the next few months . heatlie ( pictured above ) pleaded guilty at edinburgh sheriff court to the attack . speaking about the incident , heatlie said : ' this was an unfortunate incident that occurred last year . ' i have been in touch with ms mccartney and the situation is now very amicable and both parties , i 'm sure , would like to move on from it . ' in a text message , which ms mccartney said had been sent by heatlie to her partner , the trainer wrote : ' please pass on my sincerest apologies to your partner fiona , i wanted to get in touch but obviously could n't with the case proceedings . ' this incident , that i have virtually no memory of , has turned my life upside down and i ca n't imagine how it has impacted fiona 's . ' i am so sorry , this is completely out of character for me , i 've never been involved in a violent incident in my adult life . ' heatlie used an endorsement from stefani to help promote his new studio when it opened six years ago . at the time , she described heatlie as being ' completely passionate about health and fitness ' . she said : 'i’m so happy for mike that he’s opening his own studio . i know it will be a huge success . i can’t wait to start working with him again in preparation for our summer tour . ' mike is completely passionate about health and fitness and is a wonderful motivator . ' he is tireless , compassionate and makes working out something to look forward to . he is the superman of my tour . '