on friday night i’ll be wearing bath’s no 6 shirt for the second time in a premiership game . the switch from midfield has worked for myself and the team , so i’m hoping i can carry on playing in the back row for the rest of this season . the change of position was a decision my head coach , mike ford , made after the champions cup quarter-final against leinster . he phoned me a day after that game to discuss playing me in the back row to maximize my on-field minutes in our run home , to what i call ‘ the big dance’ : that’s the finals . he thought no 6 would suit the way we are trying to play as a team and also suit my personal strengths and i agreed . sam burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time for bath on friday night . bath head coach mike ford believes burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow . burgess is still adapting to the 15-man code with his ball-carrying technique coming under scrutiny . in league , for nine years , my game has been about taking short balls and looking for holes . at bath , that is what our forwards do , so moving into the pack makes sense and allows me more time on the field , which is what i need to keep improving my union brain . we’ve got , hopefully , five weeks left in the premiership and if all goes well i will stay at six , but i don’t want to be pigeon-holed . i’ve found that has happened a lot since i switched codes . whether i’m playing at 12 , playing at 13 or playing at six , to me , it doesn’t make much difference to my attitude . i’ve found only subtle differences between the positions . despite enjoying playing at flanker , i have not given up on a centre spot in my future in the game . i had a go at six earlier in the season in a couple of a-league games , but obviously that is not the same standard . now , i feel more comfortable at the breakdown than i did a few months ago and i’m even getting to grips with the line-out . burgess began his union career in the centre but is set to finish the season as a back rower . i find myself on the ball more , but i was disappointed by a few dropped balls . i never seemed to drop the ball as much in league ! we’re addressing that now — my technique going into contact can improve . in union , you can contest for the ball more in the tackle than you can in league , so i’ve had to adapt a bit . i was maybe leading with the ball a bit too much . another subtle difference between the codes is that in union players throw spin passes whereas in league , i was used to end-over-end passes . now i’ve played in two positions , it is interesting to compare them . when i was in midfield , i thought that being a back was tougher and now i am in the pack , i realise that the forwards are the ones putting in the hard yards , but i’m sure if i go back into the backline , i’ll change my mind again ! it was a great experience to spend time with the england squad . burgess makes a strong carry during bath 's european champions cup clash with montpellier in december . it was fantastic for me to rub shoulders with those players and pick up a few tips . i didn’t go in there with any mind-set other than to be myself and enjoy spending time with players i wouldn’t normally get to sit down and have a brew with . training was intense and i enjoyed it . you never know when the opportunity will come round again , so i just tried to make the most of it . stuart ( lancaster ) wants me to do well in the game and wants me to be around the top players in that environment as much as possible , which is great . the former rugby league superstar spent time with stuart lancaster 's england squad during the six nations . he just told me to keep doing what i’ve been doing . obviously he has some pretty tough decisions to make , but he was pretty straight-up with me about where i stood . he told me i wouldn’t be part of those six nations matches , but he was very happy with how i’m going . i was at the last game against france . it was a great day for the sport and showed how freely people can play when the situation allows it . the atmosphere was unbelievable and the other players i spoke to said it was probably the best atmosphere they had ever experienced at twickenham . burgess was recently linked with move back to the nrl with manly where his brother luke ( pictured ) plays . that’s why i’m here ; to be around that sort of atmosphere and to test myself on the best stage . it would have been wonderful to be part of that game . at around that time there were rumours in australia that manly wanted me back in the nrl . my brother , luke , is there and suddenly my name was being mentioned , but anyone who knows my personality knows that there’s no way i would go back until i have given it a very good crack in union . for now , i’ll keep giving my best in that bath no 6 shirt . sam burgess is a canterbury ambassador and face of the since 1904 fashion collection . to see the range , visit www.canterbury.com .