the official word from arsenal is that jack wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season . not to manchester city , not to anyone . wilshere is one of arsenal’s own , a product of the fabled hale end academy and an example to young recruits that it is possible to make a first-team breakthrough . the reality is that wilshere will sit with his influential father , andy , at the end of the season to discuss whether a move to city would enhance his career and not just his bank balance . jack wilshere takes on stoke 's charlie ward during the arsenal u21s game at the emirates on tuesday night . wilshere was making his first appearance for the gunners since recovering from ankle surgery . wilshere has not featured for the first team since he was injured against manchester united on november 22 . the england midfielder lays on the old trafford turf dejected after he suffered an ankle injury . whatever manager arsene wenger has to say before arsenal’s clash with burnley on saturday , wilshere to manchester city , as revealed in sportsmail on wednesday , is undoubtedly in the works . he is on the list of txiki begiristain , city’s director of football . at 23 , he is a young english player who could bring down the average age of this city squad — if they could prise him from the emirates . it will not be easy . wilshere has always maintained that he wants to remain at arsenal for the rest of his career . city , though , offer a fresh start and it is possible that wilshere needs a change of environment after another frustrating season on the sidelines . england manager roy hodgson has preferred to deploy wilshere in a defensive role for the national team . manchester city have snapped up several players from arsenal in recent times , with varying degrees of success . gael clichy . transfer fee : £7m . arsenal : 1 premier league title ( 2003-04 ) , 1 fa cup ( 2005 ) . man city : 2 premier league titles ( 2011-12 , 13-14 ) , 1 league cup ( 2014 ) . verdict : decent deal . kolo toure . fee : £15m . arsenal : 1 premier league title ( 2003-04 ) , 2 fa cups ( 2003 , 2005 ) . man city : 1 premier league title ( 2011-12 ) , 1 fa cup ( 2011 ) . verdict : decent deal . emmanuel adebayor . fee : £25m . arsenal honours : none . man city honours : none . verdict : bad buy . samir nasri . fee : £24m . arsenal : none . man city : 2 premier league titles ( 2011-12 , 2013-14 ) , 1 league cup ( 2014 ) . verdict : top transfer . bacary sagna . fee : free . arsenal : 1 fa cup ( 2014 ) . man city : none . verdict : decent deal . it is also a well-trodden path for arsenal players in recent seasons , with emmanuel adebayor , samir nasri , gael clichy and bacary sagna leaving the rhythmic , first-touch football at the emirates for super-sized salaries at city . it is not an easy decision , particularly with the vulgar salaries on offer at the etihad and the inevitable accusations of being a mercenary , but this is key moment in wilshere’s career . the midfielder is already paid handsomely — £130,000 a week all in when he starts for arsenal — but injuries are a constant source of frustration for wilshere . he has not played a first-team game for arsenal since november 22 , when he was substituted 55 minutes into the 2-1 defeat by manchester united at the emirates with an ankle injury . in the past , wilshere has been built up too soon , championed as a future arsenal and england captain when he has yet to even make 100 starts for his club in the barclays premier league . even former england captain steven gerrard claimed he had the ability to become one of the best midfielders in the world before he played brazil at wembley in february 2013 . ‘jack’s got a bit of everything . he can tackle , pass , get up and down the pitch , create a goal or score a goal , ’ said gerrard at the time . ‘ he ticks almost every box , and he’s going to get better and better . he has the potential to become one of the best in the world . ‘ i don’t want to put any pressure on him , but having played against him and seen him in training , he’s a one-off . he’s a lot better than your normal premier league midfielder . ’ the truth is that wilshere needs time , room to breathe again after being championed ever since he scored that magnificent goal for arsenal’s reserve team against west ham at barnet’s underhill stadium in 2008 . wenger was there that night , grinning with approval in the stands after the 16-year-old’s curling left-foot effort confirmed his status as one of the club’s rising stars . he earned instant comparison to liam brady . gael clichy ( left ) and samir nasri are just two gunners who have left for manchester city in recent seasons . arsene wenger 's side are currently second in the premier league and face burnley on saturday . since then wilshere has made the grade with the first team , an established member of a core group of players who are enjoying the club’s soothing possession football . on present form arsenal are the best team to watch in the premier league and wilshere , recovering from his latest injury , would dearly love to be part of it . although dad andy is a west ham fan , his son is arsenal through and through , as he demonstrated after last season’s dramatic victory over hull city in the fa cup . during the victory parade , just hours before he joined up with the england squad to begin preparations for the world cup in brazil , he mischievously grabbed the microphone to ask the fans : ‘ what do you think of tottenham ? ’ the answer was well-publicised at the time , but the more pertinent question is whether wilshere can reclaim his first place in this developing arsenal team . wilshere could struggle to break into a side containing alexis sanchez ( left ) and mesut ozil next season . with england , manager roy hodgson plays him at the base of his midfield diamond , but at arsenal wenger prefers him in a pairing behind the main attackers . with mesut ozil , alexis sanchez , santi cazorla and aaron ramsey the favoured attacking players behind olivier giroud , this is not an easy team for wilshere to get into next season . at 23 he has time on his side and even at the end of this season there are still three years to run on his current contract . soon enough there will be a decision to be made for all concerned .