space lasers are best known for blowing people - and planets - up in science fiction , and even the odd bond movie . but one scottish scientist is hoping they could , in fact , be the answer to heating our homes in the future . however , he has n't ruled out the chance of someone could potentially use them for weapons . space lasers : dr adrian quarterman has suggested space lasers could be used to power homes in the future - but says the beams will be nowhere near as powerful as imagined in films like star wars ( pictured ) . dr adrian quarterman , of dundee university , is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy , the times reported . the satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light . the energy it then creates , using semi-conductors , can be shot back down to earth . if it works , it could mean solar power could even become viable in scotland , or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas . the physicist told the times : ' what this will do is be able to fire at solar panels to boost the energy they are receiving . ' initial trials in scotland were successful , but dr quarterman is now hoping to move the trials to portugal . similar ? : tokyo rresearchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the iss which would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in earth orbit ( artist 's illustration shown ) . unlike the lasers in the movies , however , they will not be powerful enough to blind a pigeon , let alone blow up a planet . and it is quite different from ideas unveiled in a paper earlier this week , which could see the international space station fitted with lasers to clear up ' space junk ' . the system , suggested by researchers at the riken research institute in tokyo , would use a telescope already mounted on the station to find and target pieces of debris up to 62 miles ( 100km ) away . powerful pulses from the laser would then push space junk into earth’s atmosphere , where it would burn up . but this laser would also not be powerful enough to be turned into a weapon : the pieces it targets will be less than a centimetre in size . however , dr quarterman has acknowledged you ' might possibly have to worry a bit about who is in control ' of his satellites .  