a make-up artist has applied her formidable skills to transform herself into a very seasonal figure - the easter bunny . maria malone-guerbaa , 41 , from london , used nothing but paints to turn herself into an uncanny painting of a grey rabbit with blue eyes , wearing a red bow tie . the mother-of-two said she did n't use any prosthetics or special effects to achieve the amazing result . scroll down for video . make-up artist maria malone-guerbaa ( left ) just used paints to transform herself into a bunny . the final result took three hours to achieve after maria simply googled pictures of bunnies , picking one she liked best and replicating the image on her face . she used her own brushes and kryolan paint , special dense , long-lasting make-up used by professionals working with stage actors . maria began her project by painting a white base layer to create the shape of the rabbit 's face and ears , adding the animal 's eyes ( below her own ) and nose and mouth ( over her own ) . the sides of her face and forehead was then painted with black paint , to form the bunny 's entire head . with grey paint , black dots stippled over the top and finally details like whiskers , and the bow tie that is drawn from maria 's neck up to her chin , the look was complete . maria explained her inspiration for her rabbit scheme : ' my last couple of projects have been animal-themed so , with easter coming up , it had to be a rabbit this time around . ' it takes me about three hours in total and i 'll stop every 20 minutes or so to take a picture of my progress . ' i just went on my iphone and searched for rabbits on google images . you get so many then that you can just form your own picture . ' the final result has earned thousands of likes on instagram , along with her other posts showing how she transformed her face into jack nicholson from the shining , stevie wonder , a cougar and freddie mercury . maria used only her brushes and professional kryolan paints to create bunny ears , bright eyes and a nose . she captioned the picture : ' i 've got # hare in my face ! ' she said : ' it 's amazing to see other people enjoying my work . i ca n't quite put into words how flattering it is and it makes the whole thing worthwhile . ' one lady even got in touch who 'd been inspired to try it out herself . that was the pinnacle for me : it was so humbling to think that my work had inspired someone else to do the same thing . ' originally from limerick , maria says she 's always had a passion for art but only began doing celebrity lookalikes after she started face painting for parties for her children sophia , 14 , and adam , 11 . she posted pictures online and added the caption , ' i 've got hare in my face ' . 