the traditional cookie cutter wedding no longer exists - new reports suggest brits are ditching tradition in favour of alternative practices when it comes to getting hitched . two of the biggest changes are the fact that religious services have fallen out of favour and that brides are opting for bold colour schemes for their big day . a new study , which has tracked the decisions of brides and grooms over the past five years interviewed 1,893 newlyweds and compared them to answers they have collated since 2010 . scroll down for video . a new study has revealed the changing habits of british weddings . when it comes to honeymooning 18 per cent of us are now choosing to holiday in the uk compared to 8 per cent five years ago . the study showed that couples are shunning religious ceremonies when it comes to their big day with services falling from 40 per cent to 35 in the past five years . registry offices have seen an increase in bookings by two thirds , going from three per cent to nine per cent since 2010 , and 50 per cent of bride and grooms have opted for some form of civil ceremony when getting hitched . tradition seems to be out of the window when it comes to paying the bill . in 2014 , just seven per cent of uk couples allowed the bride 's parents to pay the entire bill , down from nine per cent in 2010 , while over a third of married couples in the uk ( 31.4 per cent ) covered their entire wedding bill themselves . the trend for cupcakes is falling out of favour sinking from appearing at 15 per cent of weddings to just 10 per cent , however cheese towers are on the up by three per cent since 2011 . the study by hitched.co.uk also showed that spending on weddings as a whole is increasing , up by 3.4 per cent year on year , outpacing the economic growth of 2.8 per cent . the average cost of a wedding is now £16,020 ( compared to £15,494.54 in 2013 ) . forking out for our own weddings seems to be having a knock on effect as lavish honeymoons are less popular than they once were . newlyweds are now choosing to honeymoon closer to home , with 18 per cent opting for a vacation in the uk , compared to eight per cent just five years ago . 32 per cent choose europe , an increase of 11 per cent in five years , while honeymoon visits to the rest of the world has plummeted from 71 per cent to 50 . it seems that many are also less keen to jet off immediately , with just 39 per cent of us going on our honeymoon within two days of the wedding , compared to 47 per cent in 2010 . peach bridesmaid dresses are out as the favoured colour scheme for a wedding is now purple . it 's good news for bridesmaids though - peach is no longer the colour scheme of choice for dresses . purple is now the most popular colour in the uk ( 19 per cent ) , followed by blue ( 18 per cent ) . another favourite that has fallen out of favour is cupcakes - in 2011 , 15 per cent of weddings opted for them as an alternative to a traditional wedding cake , but they are now chosen by just 10 per cent of couples for their reception . this does n't mean you will necessarily have to choke back some heavily iced fruit cake though , as five per cent of couples now have a cake made of cheese , up from two per cent in 2010 . caroline hendry , editor of hitched.co.uk says that our changing attitudes towards weddings are seeing new traditions created . she said : ' as well as a snapshot of trends that might come and go we can see some longer term patterns emerging , with the decline of the religious ceremony and the expectation that parents would foot the bill . ' couples seem more keen to foot the bill for drinks , but at the same time they are still under financial pressure , so other things need to give like the lavish honeymoon with more couples honeymooning in the uk or europe or taking longer to save . '