the families of five chinese feminists detained by police for more than a month facing charges of ' picking quarrels and provoking trouble ' have issued a plea to authorities for their release . the female activists were arrested the weekend before international women 's day , as they were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport . the five women - li tingting , 25 , wei tingting , 26 , wang man , 32 , zheng churan , 25 , and wu rongrong , 30 - have been linked to several stunts over the last few years which aim to highlight issues such as domestic violence and the poor provision of women 's toilets in china . the chinese feminist activists ( all pictured ) have been detained by police for more than a month and face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged with ' picking quarrels and provoking trouble ' . they now face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged . prosecutors will announce later today whether the women should be formally arrested , released or have their cases sent back to the police , their lawyers said . the vague charge of ' provoking trouble ' has been increasingly used by chinese police under president xi jinping to detain and jail protesters from holding small-scale demonstrations . the activists were described as ' young , kind-hearted , and full of a sense of responsibility to society , ' ten of their parents and spouses wrote in a letter to beijing prosecutors which was posted online on saturday . ' these five girls , who we care for and love deeply , have not made a mistake , let alone committed a crime , ' they said , adding ' they have all striven to uphold our nation 's basic policy of gender equality ' . activist li tingting , 25 , ( pictured ) poses with letters protesting about the poor provision of female toilets - she and others have since been arrested . ' supporting gender equality and the interests of women is no crime ! ' their detention on march 8 has prompted renewed condemnation of china 's tight controls on political activists from human rights groups as well as the us . police interrogations of the women - several of whom suffer from chronic health problems such as asthma and an unspecified heart condition -have focused on a 2012 stunt named ' occupy men 's rooms ' , one of their lawyers , liang xiaojun , told afp on sunday . prosecutors have until monday to formally approve their arrest or police will be obliged to release the women , he added . the parents said in their letter that the women ' have been detained for over a month and we have not had a decent explanation ' . ' please restore their freedom and dignity as soon as possible ! ' they added . meanwhile china has lodged a formal protest with washington after u.s. vice president joe biden and secretary of state john kerry called for the release of the activists , the foreign ministry said on monday . the tussle over the activists could further strain ties between china and the united states , which frequently grapple over everything the value of the yuan currency to china 's growing military assertiveness . biden tweeted on saturday that china should release them , saying , ' we urge chinese leaders to show respect for women 's rights , ' and adding , ' rights of women and girls should never be suppressed . ' activtsts wei tingting , 26 , ( left ) wang man , 32 , ( right ) face charges of ' picking quarrels and provoking trouble ' . in a statement on friday , kerry said the u.s. government backed the efforts of the activists , saying , ' we believe that chinese authorities should also support them , not silence them . ' china has lodged ' representations ' with the united states over the comments , foreign ministry spokesman hong lei said . ' we urge the united states to respect china 's judicial sovereignty and not use any pretext to interfere in china 's internal affairs , ' he told a daily news briefing . ' china is a country of rule of law , ' hong added . ' china 's legal authorities will handle this case in accordance with the law . ' hillary clinton , the democrats ' 2016 presidential front-runner , annoyed beijing last week with similar calls to free the women . britain and the european union have also expressed concern about the case . president xi jinping 's administration has detained hundreds of activists in the past two years , in what some rights groups say is the worst suppression of human rights in two decades . activists say the women 's cases have become a measure of beijing 's resolve in crushing all forms of civil society . zheng churan , 25 , ( left ) and wu rongrong , 30 ( right ) face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged .