mauricio pochettino believes harry kane deserves to pip eden hazard to the player of the year award . that two forwards are the leading contenders to scoop the pfa accolade after their nominations this week . hazard is the red hot favourite to land the prize after his excellent season with chelsea . harry kane has been nominated for pfa player of the year after a standout season for tottneham . spurs boss mauricio pochettino says kane deserves to win the award for his impact on english football . but pochettino says kane , who could become the first spurs player to score 30 goals in a season since gary lineker achieved the feat 27 years ago , should take the award . ' i think that hazard is a very good player , he 's fantastic , a great player . but the impact that harry has had on english football is massive . ' maybe the impact is bigger than hazard and his performances . ' everyone knew that hazard is a brilliant player . ' but i think not too many people expected that harry kane would show the performances that he has this season . kane will have to beat off competition from eden hazard if he is to claim individual gong . kane 's scintillating form in front of goal this season has earned him international recognition . eden hazard - chelsea . diego costa - chelsea . harry kane - tottenham hotspur . alexis sanchez - arsenal . david de gea - manchester united . philippe coutinho - liverpool . this is the difference i believe . ' meanwhile , pochettino has defended the club 's decision to play a one off pre-season game against the mls all stars in colorado on july 29 . in the past , the argentine has spoken out against the idea of summer tours in long haul destinations . but pochettino , who are also travelling to malaysia and australia for a post-season tour , said : ' it 's only one game . we go there and back . ' it 's nine hours . it 's very important for us because it 's a very important game because it 's against the all-star with the biggest stars , it 's only one game , it 's after three weeks training here . kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for tottenham this season . ' i think it 's a good possibility to go on monday and come back after the game on wednesday . ' we only spend three days . it 's not a pre-season tour where you spend maybe 14-15 days away . ' on a pre-season , you need good pitches for training . you have a problem with traffic like happened on the last pre-season tour . it 's not proper to prepare . ' it 's a good possibility because it 's a prestigious match . maybe we 'll play against kaka or david villa - a very good test for us . '