thirty years ago this month something as basic as two men hitting balls around a table with a stick gripped the nation by the throat . it was as iconic a moment of the eighties as duran duran , yuppies , football hooliganism and mrs thatcher handbagging the unions . it was steve davis — lean , robotic and unsmiling — versus dennis taylor — tubby and splendidly bespectacled . ‘ and so the lights go down , ’ whispered commentator ted lowe to 18.5million viewers . ‘ the players shake hands . one of these lucky chaps will pick up the title , the trophy and £60,000 . ’ steve davis ( left ) and dennis taylor pose with the trophy before their world snooker final in 1985 . davis was leading the final 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day . taylor pounced upon the error from davis to overturn the difference and lead 9-7 overnight . the 1985 final was watched by 18.5million , a bbc2 record , but it is way behind the most-watched sporting events : 1 . 1966 world cup final 32.30m . 2 . 1970 fa cup final replay chelsea v leeds 28.49m . 3 . 2012 london olympics opening ceremony 27.3m . 4 . 2012 closing ceremony26.3m . 5 . 1984 winter olympics torvill and dean23.95m . 6 . 1998 world cup england v argentina 23.78m . with those words the biggest british television audience for a post-midnight programme and bbc2’s biggest for anything ever , settled down to watch the 35th and final frame of the 1985 world championship , a torture of edgy , error-ridden , nerve-frayed snooker lasting 68 minutes . before reliving those late agonies , we should go back a little further because davis remembers the turning point of the match not as the black he overcut with his last , disastrous shot of the tournament , but something as innocuous as a green ball in the ninth frame . he was leading 8-0 while taylor , as davis put it , was ‘ struggling to find the end of his tip with the chalk , never mind the pockets’ . davis says now : ‘ if ever i was going to have therapy , it would not be about the black . anybody could miss a ball under pressure . the green was a different story because i didn’t need to play it . i should have played safe and waited for a better chance . ‘ if there is one shot in my whole career i want to go back and play again , it is that one . i missed it and it let dennis in . ’ from being on the verge of 9-0 down , taylor fought back to 9-7 overnight . ‘ i woke up screaming every hour , ’ recalls davis . he was the world no 1 , winner the previous two years , and had made the perfect start . ‘ what could go wrong ? ’ he muses now . ‘ the green . ’ taylor performs his famous finger-wagging celebration after sinking the final black . to rake up that final with davis even now is to intrude into a type of personal grief . ‘ while i am happy to talk about it , i’m slightly aggrieved that nobody celebrated the 25th anniversary of me beating john parrott 18-3 in 1989 , ’ he says , three-quarters joking . ‘ dennis loves it , of course . we say that every opportunity he gets in the commentary box he somehow manages to turn the conversation around to the ’85 final , even when we are discussing a free ball . ’ davis’s lead went from 14-11 to 15-12 to 15-15 to 17-15 . then all square at 17-17 . snooker was in its heyday , with cartoon-book characters such as hurricane higgins and whirlwind white putting it second only to football in national popularity and this frame was the zenith . davis sipped his water sparingly throughout . taylor frequently muttered to his mother , who had died , aged 62 , a few months before . it provided him with a welcome distraction from watching davis dominating the table . but the championship came down to the final four balls . taylor needed them all . he potted a great long brown , a difficult blue and a tricky pink . taylor went over to kiss the little lady on the trophy before taking on the black . davis led again 14-11 but the pair were eventually all square at 17-17 in sheffield . the final came down to four balls left on the table and taylor needed them all to claim victory . taylor looks to the trophy for inspiration before taking an important shot in the final against davis . davis missed a black that seven out of ten times in competition he would have converted . ‘ i don’t know why i did it to this day , ’ he said . ‘ i think it was either i am going to win you with this shot or lose you with it . i had made my mind up i was going to go for it . ’ taylor tries to double the black into the middle pocket . ‘ the crowd opposite the pocket were in a better position than me to see it and they started cheering , ’ says taylor . ‘ but it missed by a fraction . ’ davis then plays a superb safety shot , doubling the black from one end to the other . taylor tries to double it again , this time up and down the table . it falls safe . davis fluffs his next shot and lets taylor in — a long black through the blue and green spots and his first genuine chance to take the title . ‘ i twitched on it , ’ recalls taylor . ‘ it was the biggest twitch ever seen at the crucible . my head came up and the cue jerked at it . i missed it by so much the black came back and i almost fluked it at the other end . ’ now here was davis’s chance : a cut into the bottom corner pocket . ‘ i walked away thinking there was no way he would miss it , ’ says taylor . thirty years on , davis reckons he would have potted this shot nine times out of 10 in practice and seven out of 10 in competition . ‘ it was tough but gettable and i was meant to be the man who got everything , ’ he says . referee john williams calls for silence . davis approaches the table . ‘ i remember that walk was surreal , an out-of-body experience . my legs had gone . it did not feel as if any part of my anatomy was playing that shot . ’ he crouches in total silence but overcuts the ball . davis : ‘ i knew i’d lost it at that moment . ’ he put his hand to his head . he was white . the black he had left was straight forward . only nerves could cause taylor to flunk it . there were more cheers . taylor , the underdog , was anecdotally most people’s choice to win , though ironically it turned out that his future wife , louise , was supporting davis as she watched the match at home . taylor remembers : ‘ i couldn’t believe i was coming back to the table . as i took the shot , i didn’t even grip the cue ; i let it rest in my hand , so i would have to let go of it and it wouldn’t deviate . ’ it worked , and the black was sunk . taylor potted a straight forward black to win the final after 14 hours and 50 minutes of snooker . davis looks at the ground after losing the final he had never been behind in until the last ball hit the pocket . taylor kisses the trophy after finally emerging victorious after his lengthy duel with davis . and so after 14 hours and 50 minutes of snooker , for every second of which taylor had been behind , he was the champion of the world . he held his cue aloft in both hands above his head and pumped it over his head . he wagged his finger . it was an ‘ i told you so gesture’ aimed at his friend trevor east , head of itv sport , who had watched all but one session of taylor’s entire championship campaign . it was 12.19am and time for bed . ‘interesting’ by steve davis is published by ebury press , priced at £20 . 