nick cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to mariah carey - and she is furious about him betraying her . mariah rejected nick 's numerous demands for a $ 30 million divorce settlement so now he 's writing the book — saying he plans get his payday for being married to her one way or another - and there is nothing she can do about it because he already signed the deal last week with major publishing company simon and schuster . simon & schuster has confirmed to daily mail online that the book is being published by gallery books , an imprint of the high-powered publisher . ' mariah was willing to give nick $ 10 million but he said ' hell no ' and demanded $ 30 , ' a family friend tells the daily mail exclusively . ' mariah says it is what they agreed to in the prenup before they got married . scroll down for video . battle of wills : even though they have a prenup that would pay nick $ 10million , nick wanted more . when mariah refused he decided to get his payday through a book deal . but nick insisted he needs and deserves more than what they originally talked about , but mariah would n't budge . now nick is being very vengeful , dating other women in public including nicole murphy , michael strahan 's ex , the source says . ' mariah kept telling nick she was not going to give him a penny more than $ 10 million , ' says the friend . ' he told her he could write a book and get $ 30 million and much more for a movie deal for all of the crap she put him through over the years . ' mariah told nick nobody cares what he has to say and told him to take it or leave it because that 's it - not a penny more . ' the friend believes nick asked for an outrageous amount from mariah so when she said ' no ' he could use that as an excuse to go to the book publisher . nick hardly needs mariah 's money- although she is worth more than ten times his value . the actor and host of america 's got talent has an estimated net worth of $ 20 million . mariah is worth about $ 225 million . the estranged stars have been going back and forth about this since nick filed for divorce in december . he was finally tired of arguing with her . ''he says she is being unreasonable so he has to do what he has to do . ' now mariah is angry , devastated and scared that nick will reveal her inner most secrets and make her look like a desperate fool . ' mariah was crazy about nick and trusted him with everything in her life but , now she feels he has turned out like every other man in her life and she is completely crushed , the friend reveals . mariah , 45 , and nick , 34 , have been battling about money and custody of their twins since he filed the divorce papers four months ago and even though there is a prenuptial agreement nick is willing to air their dirty laundry — for a big fat check . us singer marih carey and her husband , us movie maker and actor nick cannon , leave the hotel to have a dinner at the eiffel tower in 2012 to celebrate their fourth wedding anniversary . battle for the babies : who gets custody of twins monoe and moroccan cannon is another issue in the divorce battle . mariah and nick were married on her private estate in the bahamas on april 30 , 2008 and they welcomed their twins monroe and moroccan on april 30 , 2011 . however , in august 2014 , nick confirmed that he and his wife , mariah had been separated for a few months and he filed for divorce on december 12 , 2014 . ' nick says he is going to tell the world about mariah 's drug use , her strange eating habits , psychosis , what she has said about other artists , her sexual proclivities and her parenting skills . it which will really be hurtful , ' the insider continued . ' and nick is also going to explain why he thinks he should have full custody of the twins . mariah has admitted she never wanted children and nick is going to tell the world why she felt that way . ' if nick was not willing to spill all of their nasty and salacious secrets he would not have gotten a book deal . so obviously , simon and schuster feel this is going to be a blockbuster and they signed him up . ' 