tim tebow will sign with the philadelphia eagles on monday , just in time for the off-season program , espn 's adam schefter reports . the agreement with tebow , 27 , stemming from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month , has been finalized , reports say . tebow 's last regular-season nfl game appearance was in december 2012 with the new york jets , from which he was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and run just 32 times in his lone season on the team . scroll down for video . tim tebow will sign as a quarterback with the philadelphia eagles on monday , espn 's adam schefter reported . he will join the team just in time for the start of the off-season program . though tebow has n't been a part of an nfl organization since 2013 , he spent the last two season training with noted throwing coach tom house , who also worked with new england patriots quarterback tom brady . the new england patriots made tebow one of their final roster cuts in 2013 and he spent last year as a college gridiron television commentator when no nfl team wanted him . prior to agreeing to sign tebow , the eagles wanted to trade backup quarterback matt barkley , but could n't get enough in return , schefter said in a facebook post . the eagles decided to still bring tebow on to the roster so he could be present for the team 's whole off-season program . it was originally reported after his training session with the eagles that tebow would not be joining the team . but now he will join a crowded quarterback roster , which included sam bradford , march sanchez and barkley . tim tebow 's last regular-season nfl game was with the new york jets in 2012 . not only will this give philadelphia three former first-round picks at the quarterback position and another decorated college player , but it will also reunited tebow and sanchez , who were teammates when they both were on the jets roster . tebow 's pursuit of being an nfl quarterback is back on , after being on hold since being cut from the patriots . ' i will remain in relentless pursuit of continuing my lifelong dream of being an nfl quarterback , ' tebow wrote on twitter after he was released by new england , according to schefter . since then , tebow spent two full seasons training with noted throwing coach tom house , who also worked with new england patriots quarterback tom brady . he has also been working for espn and as an analyst for the sec network . tebow has an 8-6 record as an nfl starting quarterback with a career 48-per cent completion rate for 2,422 yards with 17 touchdowns and nine interceptions . philadelphia eagles coach chip kelly has made several off-season moves this year . his remake of the eagles ' roster has included trading star running back lesean mccoy to buffalo , then signing offensive player of the year demarco murray to replace him . clearly , kelly - who took over personnel duties after last season - is unafraid to look anywhere for possible upgrades . although tebow had some success in denver , his inaccurate passing and lack of pocket presence has plagued him in the nfl . his strength has been running the ball or improvising .