jordon ibe is on the verge of signing a new long-term contract as brendan rodgers prepares to re-launch the exciting teenager’s season . liverpool offered ibe fresh terms in february after he had a deep impression in a sequence of games , particularly against everton and tottenham , that coincided with an improvement in the club’s fortunes . a deal has now been agreed and it is simply a case of the highly-regarded ibe , who has been absent since damaging knee ligaments against besiktas on february 26 , putting pen to paper . jordon ibe in training for liverpool at melwood as he prepares to make a return from injury . ibe is set to sign a new long-term deal at liverpool after breaking into the first team this season . rodgers says ibe , 19 , has looked ‘ absolutely sensational’ after stepping up his rehabilitation work in the last couple of weeks and he could come straight back into the starting line-up against newcastle on monday night . the issue rodgers must address is whether to stick with the 4-3-3 formation he used at blackburn in the fa cup last wednesday or revert to the 3-4-3 system that had been the catalyst for an improvement in results . one thing liverpool’s manager has conceded , though , is that daniel sturridge is unlikely to recapture his very best form this season , given all the injuries he has suffered . ibe , pictured in action against tottenham , damaged his knee ligaments while playing against besiktas . sturridge , who has only scored four goals in his last 15 games , admitted last week that he felt it would have to wait until the new campaign to show last year’s sparkle and his manager agrees , following 12 months in which he has suffered thigh , calf and hip issues . ‘it’s a long time out , ’ said rodgers . ‘ when you’re out for that length of time it maybe takes you the same amount of time to get back again . ‘ the key for him was to get back and be fit but he needs a good pre-season under his belt , a total run at pre-season and hopefully he’ll be fine for next season . until that point we have to maximise what we can get out of him . ’ brendan rodgers prepares his liverpool team for the visit of newcastle to anfield on monday . daniel sturridge is yet to rediscover his best form since returning from a lengthy injury lay off . rodgers added : ‘ every player is different . with daniel there’s been a number of injuries that he’s had and that’s before he came here . he had a fairly sustained run last season and served us well but this season has been difficult . ‘ he just needs to find a way to physically and mentally try to keep himself as fit as he can but sometimes that isn’t all down to you — sometimes it’s about luck as well . ’