paul gascoigne 's daughter bianca was mugged by a gang on bikes in central london and had her phone which reportedly had private texts from the former england midfielder stolen . former model bianca was targeted by the gang of eight on tuesday afternoon as the 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone . the attackers are understood to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag , but ran away when she fought back . bianca gascoigne , the daughter of troubled ex-footballer paul , who was mugged by a gang . bianca , pictured with paul and brother regan , had her phone stolen which reportedly contained private texts . miss gascoigne took to her twitter page after the attack , where she branded her muggers ' lowlifes on bikes ' . the theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated given the nature of the texts stored on her phone . according to the sun , she told a friend : ' i was walking across the road and was suddenly surrounded by this gang of eight . they were all hooded up so i could n't see them properly . it was terrifying . ' a friend also told the newspaper : ' she 's furious because these lowlifes will be able to go through private texts , some were with her dad paul . ' bianca later tweeted about the mugging , branding them ' lowlifes ' . she wrote : ' beautiful day shame it just got ruined by being robbed ! got ambushed by a bunch of lowlifes on bikes . ' a scotland yard spokesman said : ' police were informed of the theft of a mobile phone , which happened at about 3.45pm on tuesday in wimpole road , marylebone . an appointment has been made to speak to the victim . ' england great gascoigne celebrates after scoring his famous goal against scotland at euro 96 . teddy sheringham joined gascoigne as he celebrated doubling england 's lead against the scots . gascoigne adopted bianca and her brother mason after he married her mother sheryl in 1996 . they also had a child together called regan . the couple divorced two years later but bianca and the former rangers hero are still said to be close . she has appeared on several reality tv shows including celebrity love island and celebrity coach trip , and currently runs the gaslight club in central london . last year , she hit out at twitter trolls who attacked her saying she should have done more to help her step-father , who has had a well-documented battle with alcohol abuse . it came after he was led away from his home by police and an ambulance crew following worried neighbours ' calls to emergency services . one online bully told the glamour model her step-father was ' done ' and another branded her ' attention seeking ' . but she hit back , tweeting : ' there are some sick twisted people out there have some compassion do n't know why people feel the need to be so nasty & have opinions they know nothing about . ' last month former tottenham hotspur and newcastle united midfielder gascoigne insisted he was healthy and was n't drinking again during a tv appearance on bt sport .