with his infinite supply of supercars , private jets and beautiful women , billionaire businessman tony toutouni is threatening to become the new king of instagram . the 42-year-old entrepreneur - who chronicles his immensely extravagant lifestyle on the photo-sharing site and is usually seen next to stacks of cash and bikini-clad models - admits ' it 's not that hard to get any girl you want ' . his outrageous posts , which have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months , are threatening to steal him the king of instagram crown from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy dan bilzerian . scroll down for video . the new king of instagram ? tony toutouni has amassed a huge following on the photo-sharing website thanks to his outrageous extravagance . surrounded by women : the billionaire businessman appears to spend much of his excessive life in the company of stunning women . toutouni , who goes by the name @ lunatic-living on the site , said : ' what man in this world ca n't say this is n't the lifestyle they want to live ? it 's a lifestyle that every man wants to live and i enjoy living it . ' as a single guy , i dated many , many women . being young in la and having anything you want , it 's not that hard to get any girl you want . ' his instagram account uses the line : ' they say it is better to be poor and happy than rich and miserable , so i compromised ! moderately rich and just moody . ' the billionaire downplays the new rivalry with his friend dan bilzerian , who was dubbed king of instagram last year and has a staggering eight million followers . he said : ' i do n't want to compete with dan but people are saying that i 've grown dramatically and extremely fast i can tell you that . ' but dan is actually a friend of mine and the whole instagram thing started because he was posting on it . ' i saw that his instagram following was growing pretty fast so i started doing it . the more i posted , the more people would tag and tag . ' never far from his side : toutouni , 42 , is often pictured showing off his extreme wealth by posing next to wads of cash . wild debauchery : one photo uploaded by the billionaire shows scantily-clad women at a party with cash scattered across the floor . rivalry : toutouni is threatening to take the crown of king of instagram from his friend , the super-wealthy user dan bilzerian ( right ) . controversial figure : dan bilzerian , also dubbed the king of instagram , got in trouble with the law after pornstar janice griffith , 19 , attempted to sue him for $ 85,000 when he threw her off his roof and into a pool , breaking her foot . los angeles-based toutouni made his fortune after buying a nightclub in hollywood , california , when he was just 19 years old . he explains : ' it became very successful and so i sold it and purchased another one . i also invested in car dealerships and different ventures - restaurants , bars . i 'd build businesses to be successful and then sell them for a profit . ' his shockingly excessive posts gets their fair share of criticism online . ' sure i get hate on instagram , ' he says . ' i have feminists who hate me with a passion and church people who want to cure me because i have ' issues ' . toutouni has recently started seeing a regular girlfriend but does not expect his instagram antics to calm down . he says : ' i like to do all kinds of things . i 've paid for boob jobs and given away truckloads of gifts for kids . i like to do funny stuff for fans . ' poolside pose : the billionaire strikes his usual rude pose on the balcony of his los angeles mansion as four scantily-clad women look on . rude gesture : the tattooed arm of toutouni is visible as the billionaire swears at a suitcase full of cash in this instagram post . collection of luxury cars : this photo captures the super-rich playboy 's poker room , filled with a number of supercars and classic vehicles . travels in style : the american entrepreneur enjoys a lavish lifestyle and many of his photos feature private jets and helicopters . the previous so-called king of instagram , poker player dan bilzerian , has never been far from controversy since his rise to online fame . he was recently forced into making a public safety announcement in order to avoid jail after being arrested for placing homemade explosives inside a tractor before shooting them . the film shows a stony-faced bilzerian speaking from behind a desk in his lavish home , complete with gun-shaped candle holder , an action figurine of himself , and a bizarre painting , while lecturing people on ' responsible ' gun ownership . and at the end of last year he found himself on the end of a lawsuit after model vanessa castano claimed he kicked her in the face in a nightclub . footage from the scene appears to show bilzerian dancing on a stage in a club in south beach , miami , with the crowd below him , before he lashes out with his foot . he was also facing a lawsuit for $ 85,000 in lost earnings after he threw pornstar janice griffith , 19 , off the roof of his home and into the pool below . however she landed short , breaking her foot . she had tried to claim money for shoots she could not attend following the accident . bilzerian fought back , claiming the model grabbed at his t-shirt at the last second , nearly dragging him off the roof with her . the charges were eventually dropped . bilzerian is reportedly worth $ 100 million , making the bulk of his cash as a high-stakes gambler after developing his skills as a student at the university of south florida . four of toutouni 's female friends pose provocatively on his huge sofa at his la mansion while he makes his trademark swearing gesture . enjoying the view : a scantily-clad female friend stands on a balcony looking over the skyline of what is thought to be los angeles . boast : toutouni says ' what man in this world ca n't say this is n't the lifestyle they want to live ? it 's a lifestyle that every man wants ' . do n't forget your helmet ! one instagram photo sees a half-naked woman sat on top of a motorbike overlooking la 's skyline . famous wealthy friends : the billionaire is pictured with boxer floyd mayweather , who is also known for posing next to piles of cash . poser : flanked by a horde of female groupies , the super-rich businessman flips the bird in what has become his rude trademark gesture . boast : toutouni says ' what man in this world ca n't say this is n't the lifestyle they want to live ? it 's a lifestyle that every man wants ' . heated snap : in one of his outrageous posts , a scantily-clad woman poses on top of the kitchen stove at his la mansion . another provocative pose : a female friend donning lingerie and high heels stands in front of one of toutouni 's many cars . bottoms up : toutouni poses in front of dozens of bottles of spirit and champagne in this photo uploaded to his account . soaking up the rays : toutouni says ' being young in la and having anything you want , it 's not that hard to get any girl you want ' . airfield : the 42-year-old poses at the door of a limo in front of dozens of private jets in another extravagant photo shared with his following . settling down ? despite the endless snaps of half-naked women seen on his instagram account , he says he currently has a regular girlfriend . vast business empire : toutouni has invested in car dealerships and a number of other ventures including restaurants and bars . road to riches : la-based toutouni made his fortune after buying a nightclub in hollywood , california , when he was just 19 years old . bizarre snap : one of the photos sees a woman bending over to pick up a hen in front of a butler presenting a bottle of liquor on a tray . criticism : toutouni admits ' i have feminists who hate me with a passion and church people who want to cure me because i have ' issues ' . tagline : he writes ' they say it 's better to be poor and happy than rich and miserable , so i compromised ! moderately rich and just moody ' . rapper friend : here toutouni is seen brandishing his usual middle-finger gesture along with hip-hop artis flavor flav . generous with money : the super-wealthy businessman said he has paid for boob jobs for women and given away ' truckloads of gifts for kids ' . filling up the cars : toutouni and a friend , seen showing off their designer watches , stop at a gas station in their hugely expensive vehicles . enviable aquarium : a scantily-clad woman is seen bending over to clean toutouni 's lavish fish tank at his home in los angeles . huge wealth : based in los angeles , toutouni posts endless photos and videos of beautiful girls , stacks of money and private jets .  