the british army is struggling to recruit enough technical experts for a secretive psychological warfare unit intended to combat islamic state’s domination of the internet and social media . the specialised 77 brigade , launched with great fanfare in january in response to the jihadis’ mastery of online propaganda , is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel . earlier this year , it was widely reported that the brigade would be made up of 2,000 social media and psychological warfare exponents who would enable uk forces to fight wars ‘ in the information age’ . but the mail on sunday can reveal that even when fully operational , the brigade will number just 454 regular and reservist troops . and in a letter to his troops , the brigade’s commander says he has failed to recruit enough ‘talent’ to challenge is’s ascendency online . the british army is struggling to recruit enough technical experts for a secretive psychological warfare unit intended to combat islamic state’s domination of the internet and social media ( stock image above ) . brigadier alastair aitken says he needs computer whizzkids skilled in ‘ social media , financial operations and counter-criminality’ but admits that civilians with the relevant experience are not natural recruits for the army . the role of these keyboard warriors was expected to include covertly leaking messages about british successes to the enemy , via platforms such as twitter , facebook and instagram , and contacting jihadis directly to spread false information . brigadier aitken’s letter adds : ‘ we are potentially not attracting the broadest range of talent from across the nation . ‘ capacities such as social media , financial operations and counter-criminality will need an increased diversity of talent , opinions , skills and viewpoints . members of isis regularly post on social media and just two days ago french television network tv5monde was hacked by individuals claiming to belong to the group . ‘ we may need to redesign our terms and conditions of service to attract those that have these skills . ’ the letter suggests some reservist troops will lose their posts in 77 brigade , while many soldiers do not know what roles they will be assigned . sources say this has led to a ‘ mutinous atmosphere’ at the brigade’s hq – denison barracks in hermitage , berkshire . last night , the ministry of defence said reservists who lost their posts in 77 brigade will be offered alternative roles .