ian walters , 51 , allegedly killed his wife tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph . a church treasurer accused of murdering his wife deliberately veered his 4x4 off the m1 causing it to explode as it hit trees , a court heard today . leicester crown court was told that two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck being driven by ian walters as it crashed into a line of trees near markfield , leicestershire . yesterday the court was told that his wife , tracy walters , died after making a flurry of calls to police about sex-obsessed husband in the days leading up to the m1 crash , including one that morning . prosecutors allege that walters , a driving test examiner , deliberately steered his mitsubishi l200 off the motorway after his wife said she wanted a divorce and made allegations of domestic abuse . walters , 51 , denies the murder of his wife , who died in hospital two days after the high-speed crash . a jury of nine women and three men was told yesterday that walters , of swindon , was returning home with his wife from a 'make-or-break ' week away in north yorkshire which ended in an argument . giving evidence to the second day of walters ' trial , several witnesses described how passing motorists went to aid the couple , both trapped in the wreckage of the 4x4 . the first witness , robin goss , told jurors the driver of the pick-up appeared to have made a ' conscious , deliberate ' decision to steer towards the hard shoulder . mr goss , a 39-year-old training consultant from buckinghamshire , told jurors he was up to 150 metres behind the l200 , doing around 70mph in the inside lane . ' everything was normal , ' mr goss told the court . ' then all of a sudden i saw this car just swerve violently across to the left . ' it completely disappeared and i remember looking into the hard shoulder . then i saw what looked like a little explosion . ' bits of tree and bits of plastic came out in front of me . when i saw the dogs , i started to put together what had happened . ' child protection worker gary donald , who was driving a kia picanto on the southbound carriageway , also gave evidence to the court about the crash on march 21 last year . he told jurors he saw the pick-up veer sharply from right to left - performing ' almost a straight turn ' - and move towards a line of trees . the couple , who were said to have had a ' troubled ' relationship , had married in cyprus in 2012 but their relationship is alleged to have become abusive soon afterwards , jurors heard . ' the canopy of all the trees shook - i would use the word ' imploded ' - and there was luggage , bits of car , and parts of tree flying into the air , ' mr donald said . under questioning from defence qc christopher millington , mr donald agreed that time-lapse cctv footage of the l200 showed a ' rather less dramatic ' veer than he had described to the court . witness steven prince , a passenger in a range rover which stopped at the scene , told how he attempted to reassure mrs walters before she was cut free . giving his recollection on the aftermath of the crash , mr prince told the jury panel he did not witness the moment of impact but had seen a cloud of dust . ' i looked left and i saw two dogs out where they should n't be and i saw the car that was already in the tree . ' after the crash , the metalwork of the vehicle had to be ' unpeeled ' from around mrs walters by emergency crews , the court was told . the mitsubishi l200 veered onto an embankment near junction 22 of the southbound carriageway in march last year . pictured : emergency services at the scene of the crash . prosecutors allege that walters , a driving test examiner , deliberately steered his mitsubishi l200 off the motorway after his wife said she wanted a divorce and made allegations of domestic abuse . after getting out of his mother 's car , mr prince said , he ran along the hard shoulder towards the crashed vehicle . ' the car was a hell of a mess , ' mr prince added . ' i did n't bother looking at the driver 's side because i thought whoever was in there was going to be squashed . ' the court heard that the witness then made his way to the passenger side of the vehicle , where he saw a hand sticking out of the wreckage . he said : ' she said she was dying . i told her she would be alright and that i was n't going anywhere , just to calm her down and make her feel at ease as much as i could . ' prosecutor charles miskin qc asked mr prince if mrs walters , who was aged 48 , had said anything else . ' no , other than that she could n't breathe , ' mr prince replied . ' she kept on telling me that and she kept on saying that she was dying . ' the trial , which may last for up to a month , was adjourned until next week .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .