it 's the ultimate treat for benedict cumberbatch fans and stands an imposing 6ft tall - just like the man himself . but shoppers at london 's westfield stratford city shopping centre looked more than a little surprised to discover a chocolate sculpture of benedict cumberbatch in their midst . one lady was spotted cautiously approaching the edible artwork before quickly backing off , while another could n't quite hide their smile of surprise . scroll down for video . finishing touches : the sculpture is readied for its big unveiling at westfield stratford city shopping centre . oh dear : reaction to the sculpture was mixed , with some shoppers bursting into laughter . even less impressed was the shopper who stood stony-faced in front of the creation for several moments , while another burst into laughter as soon as she spotted it . it did , however , prove an immediate hit with a pair of police sniffer dogs who wagged their tails as they gave it a thorough sniffing down . the artwork , which has been given pride of place in the shopping mall 's atrium , was commissioned by uktv to mark celebrate its screening of the third series of sherlock . it took a crew of eight people to complete the sculpture , which took over 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg . does it look like me ? benedict cumberbatch strikes a pose with james corden during an oscars party . mixed reaction : a pair of police sniffer dogs loved the sculpture but shoppers looked baffled . hilarious : a lady bursts into laughter after spotting the 6ft homage to mr cumberbatch . not amused : a shopper looks thoroughly unimpressed as she contemplates the artwork . luckily for cumberbatch , who usually enjoys a considerably more complimentary response to projects he 's involved in , the piece will only be in residence temporarily . the 38-year-old actor , who is currently expecting his first child with wife sophie hunter , 37 , is n't the only famous face to have found himself the subject of an edible artwork . in the run up to the release of 50 shades of grey , bakers created not one but two 6ft gateaux paying homage to jamie dornan . one depicted the actor in the grey suit beloved of his 50 shades character christian grey , while the other showed him topless and came complete with an edible six-pack . award-winning : both jennifer lawrence and her cake alter-ego have won awards . homage : the cake , which triumphed at a show last november , was inspired by the hunger games . actress jennifer lawrence has also been immortalised in cake , with baker lara clarke creating a sweet treat designed to resemble the 24-year-old 's hunger games alter-ego , katniss everdeen . the confection , which was baked ahead of the release of mockingjay part one in november , met with the approval of lawrence herself , who , when asked about it , said ms clarke was ' incredibly talented ' . other a-listers to get the culinary treatment include kevin bacon , whose likeness was made from bacon , and taylor swift who featured on a cake . the duke and duchess of cambridge were turned into a tasty-looking pizza , while president barack obama had his likeness sculpted from butter . immortalised : the duke and duchess of cambridge have been turned into pizza in the past . ribute : kevin bacon has a bacon sculpture to his name while jamie dornan has been made into a cake .