a father and son were shot dead in an execution-style murder moments after party guests left their home in a quiet neighborhood . nicholas pence , 25 , and his father david , an oil company manager , had been celebrating a victorious football game in their garage in new orleans , louisiana , on wednesday . but moments after jovially waving goodbye to the last-remaining revelers shortly before midnight , they were both shot dead at close range in an attack that shocked and baffled the quiet community of metairie . they were found by david 's wife , nicholas 's mother , who had been in a bedroom when she heard gun shots . scroll down for video . shocking : nicholas pence , 25 , ( left ) and his father david , 56 , ( right ) were shot dead 'execution-style ' at home on wednesday night after a football party in their garage , or ' man cave ' . police believe it was a botched burglary . tragic : they were found lifeless by elizabeth pence ( center ) , mother to nicholas ( second left ) and wife to david ( right ) moments after the shooting , which has left the quiet neighborhood of metairie in mourning and shock . charged : police arrested dexter allen , 17 , ( left ) , and haraqyon degruy , 18 , ( right ) in connection with the killings . on sunday , police revealed 18-year-old haraqyon degruy and her friend dexter allen , 17 , have been charged with the double killing . neither have a ' significant ' criminal history , officers revealed . the police investigation has failed to determine at link between the alleged assailants and their victims , or a motive . david pence , a manager at a new orleans branch of the international oil firm baker hughes inc , was shot three times in the chest while sat in an armchair . nicholas was shot in the face and back . he was found lying on the floor of their so-called ' man cave ' . elizabeth pence dialed 911 to report the shooting , and the theft of her purse , ipod and iphone . friends of nicholas , known to friends as nick or ' peezy ' , have set up a fundraising page to supplement funeral costs and support his surviving mother and sister . the family lived on clifford drive , a leafy part of metairie , which is one of new orleans ' wealthier areas . initial reports suggest it could have been a botched armed burglary , as allen and degruy were linked to earlier car break-ins . addressing a press conference on sunday , jefferson parish sheriff newell normand said : ' once again , this particular happenstance was completely , totally , shock-the-conscience type of homicide — obviously execution-style , very close . ' members of the community have expressed their horror , describing nicholas and david as outgoing and lively neighbors . ' they were very good people . they got along with everybody . ' close family friend paul meyer told wwl tv . ' i ca n't comprehend how someone could do this to a family like that . ' another friend said he was in the garage with nicholas just minutes before the murder . police believe 17-year-old allen fired the fatal shots before running to the car and saying ' i just shot two people ' to degruy , who allegedly drove off , the new orleans advocate reported . degruy has been charged with two counts of being an accessory to first-degree murder and one count of vehicle burglary . allen is being held on charges of fleeing police and two counts of first-degree murder . weapon : col john fortunato of the jefferson parish sheriff 's office holds the heavy-duty gun which authorities believe was used to kill david , an oil company manager , and his son nicholas after their party this week . a police report says the younger pence had pointed out a suspicious white toyota crawling through the street . neighbor and friend michael soignet has described the agonizing moment mrs pence returned to the address , saying : ' she just gave me a strapping hug , and i choked up . she choked up . there were just no words . ' describing the victims to the new orleans advocate , she said : ' you 'll never find anybody that 's going to throw out a bad word on them , and if somebody does , they do n't have their story right . ' this had to be a random act . it had to be . '