diddy certainly isn’t pulling any punches when it comes to putting his money where his mouth is ahead of the mega-fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao . the rapper and producer placed a $ 250,000 bet with hollywood actor and friend mark wahlberg that ‘money’ mayweather will come out on top in the bout . in the video posted to instagram , diddy originally suggests a $ 100,000 wager , before being raised by wahlberg as the duo chat while sitting by a swimming pool . diddy and mark wahlberg placed a bet of $ 250,000 on the floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao mega-fight . diddy offers to place a bet of $ 100,000 on mayweather in the las vegas mega-fight next weekend . wahlberg accepts but raises the stake to $ 250,000 on the mega-fight as he takes on the rapper . diddy puts his money where his mouth is and the duo agree to put $ 250,000 on the showdown . the pair share a joke as they agree to the wager in front of a swimming pool . but diddy and wahlberg aren’t the only ones planning to splash the cash ahead of the las vegas fight , which is expected to gross over $ 300million . american boxer adrien broner has revealed he will be putting down $ 10,000 on a stoppage during the fight . and if that wasn’t quite enough , the 25-year-old three-time world champion also admitted he could put as much as $ 50,000 down on the fight which takes place this weekend . boxing duo mayweather and pacquiao are just days away from their mega-fight in las vegas . pacquiao in training with freddie roach at the wild card gym leading up to the fight . mayweather trains during a media workout in preparation for saturday 's fight with pacquiao . the las vegas mega-fight is set to shatter revenue records too , with contributions from five title sponsors amounting to $ 13.2million , roughly three times the previous highest amount . for instance , tecate have paid $ 5.6m to become the official beer of the fight and the main ring mat sponsor , beating a $ 5.2m bid from corona . meanwhile , sales of pacquiao merchandise have soared 10-fold in the build-up to the fight , with retailers in his native philippines struggling to keep up with demand . fans have been snapping up pacquiao t-shirts , boxing gloves , figurines , baseball caps and jackets ahead of the fight , believing they will soar in value should he beat mayweather . in all , the fight is expected to give the las vegas economy a $ 1bn-plus boost with as many as 300,000 fans descending on the nevada city just so they can say ' i was there ' on the night . 