the force was n't with everyone during the star wars : episode vii - the force awakens panel held at california 's anaheim convention center on thursday . carrie fisher , 58 , who is reprising her role as princess leia , and mark hamill , 63 , who is luke skywalker , were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the december film was rolled out . not on hand was harrison ford , who is the franchise 's han solo . producer kathleen kennedy explained the 72-year-old was ' resting ' after miraculously surviving a march plane crash in los angeles . scroll down for trailer ... together again : carrie fisher , who is reprising her role as princess leia , and mark hamill , who is luke skywalker , were arm in arm on the stage in anaheim on thursday before the second trailer for star wars : episode vii - the force awakens was rolled out . in recovery mode : not on hand was harrison ford , who is the franchise 's han solo . director jj abrams explained the 72-year-old was ' resting ' after miraculously surviving a march plane crash in los angeles ; here the actor is seen in july after an accident on the star wars set . it was announced early on that ford would not be a part of the panel ( though later he was the high point of the trailer ) . ' he 's not here today but he 's in everyone 's thought , harrison ford , he 's a total bad a*** . ' the amazing thing about harrison – and i do n't think anybody out there will be surprised – is he is the only person who could make an emergency landing on a golf course in front of two doctors , ' producer kennedy said . the a team : kathleen kennedy , pictured center , said , ' the amazing thing about harrison – and i do n't think anybody out there will be surprised – is he is the only person who could make an emergency landing on a golf course in front of two doctors ' ; to her left is director jj abrams . they have a bond : both hamill and fisher thanked the fans for their support over the decades . the vet meets the new faces : fisher smiled as she posed with john boyega and daisy ridley . kennedy said he was home resting , and getting well as fast as he can . ' i ca n't even begin to tell you how much he wanted to be here , ' she said . ' when we open the movie , han solo will be very active in what we are doing . ' abrams then chimed in . ' he 's doing great and he 's working hard , ' abrams said . ' i had respect for him all my life , but i 've never had more respect for a guy until i saw how he landed that plane . the way they were : ( from left ) hamill , fisher and ford in the original star wars movie in 1977 . ' he 's more of a hero in that move than in all the films he 's been in , ' he added . ' by the time the movie opens he will be very actively involved . ' abrams also called the veteran actor , who is married to calista flockhart , a ' real hero . ' ford was also injured on the set of the star wars film and production was brought to a halt . but he recovered without any long-term issues . fisher came out on stage in a black blazer and red skirt . next was peter mayhew , who plays chewbacca . last was hamill . the audience went wild for over 10 seconds . ' chewie , we 're home ' : ford was featured at the end of the trailer for star wars vii . she 's taking care of him : ford 's wife calista flockhart has been seeing to her husband 's needs ; here they are pictured in 2008 . when asked about her iconic hairstyle , fisher said , ' the buns are tired now so i do n't think we 'll have the futuristic buns but we will have an alternate that will not include the metal bikini . ' she also thanked the fans and made a twisted joke about how she is glad people have played with toys of her - referring to her princess leia dolls - which drew laughs . hamill added , ' george originally called the film the most expensive small film he ever made . ' he then thanked the fans for their ' passion . ' ' my entire adult life i have felt such love from you . you 're more than just fans , you 're family . ' on the run : daisy and john can be seen running from an explosion in the trailer . r2d2 then appeared on stage and an image from the movie was shared with the robot in it . the ' tinkerers ' were also brought out to talk about working with the droid . next came bb-8 , a rolling droid that appeared in the first star wars vii trailer . it made noises while circling r2d2 . daisy described her character , ' she is a scavenger and very solitary until she meets another character and that 's when the adventure begins . ' down for now : an aircraft is buried in sand on a new planet . oscar added , ' he 's been sent on a mission by a certain princess and he meets john boyega 's character and their fates are forever intertwined . ' john then said he would not confirm whether he was a stormtrooper or not . anthony daniels also made the event - he plays c3po . and then came the trailer . no fear : a pilot is seen in battle in the film that has a december release . the clip was the first time the vet character han solo , played by ford , was seen . he was joined by chewbacca at the end of the trailer and is heard saying , ' chewie , we 're home . ' the trailer opens on what appears to be the newly revealed desert planet jaku . as a speeder races across the sands we see an ancient downed star destroyer and a skeletal x-wing , which clearly crashed there from orbit decades ago . we then see an unknown pair of hands holding the mangled mask of darth vader , melted and disfigured from the sith lord 's funeral pyre at the end of return of the jedi . a hint of the old era : a skull of darth vader - aka anakin skywalker - is shown in the beginning of the clip . we hear hamill 's voice reprising a line from the 1983 film : the force is strong in my family . my father has it . i have it . my sister has it . he then appears to hand a lightsaber to another unseen character - a strong suggestion luke skywalker has had a child . daisy , oscar and john are then all introduced in the clip and it is hinted that they are in allegiance . harrison appears with chewbacca only at the very end . the menace is always there : stormtroopers are also seen in the trailer , and they are located in a snowy location . where is this ? : in the opening scene , a desert planet is shown that is not tatooine , but rather a new place jj abrams said was jaku - it is not known how that is spelled or what lives there . star wars celebration is a multi-day festival produced by lucasfilm that 's dedicated to star wars past and present . the most recent event , held in germany in july 2013 , had more than 20,000 attendees . during the panel , jj talked about his love of the franchise . ' i was 11 years old when star wars come out , ' he said . ' that moment transported me . it was the first time a movie made me laugh that way ... . the film was brilliant and had such heart and the biggest thing for me was that it had such hope . ' shooting in abu dhabi was an incredible thing . shooting star wars is a western and a fairy tale ... shooting in abu dhabi was just that , ' he added . the stars in real life : oscar , daisy and john side by side at the panel . the star in the film : oscar as a pilot , daisy as a scavenger and john , who at one point is a stormtrooper . they then flashed a scene of the team in the desert . ' it 's a planet called jaku , people thought it was tatooine , but it was jaku . ' he did not explain how jaku was spelled or where it was . in november the first trailer came out and it lasted only 88 seconds . opening some 30-years after return of the jedi , the teaser kicked off with british actor boyega , playing finn , racing across a desert landscape dressed in full stormtrooper regalia . a parched , disembodied voice tells us of an ' awakening ' and reminds us of the dual energies that are ' the dark side ... and the light . ' the droids showed up too : also on stage were the new robot bb-8 ( left ) and the old robot r2d2 ( right ) , which looked a bit banged up . behind the scenes : not only was the trailer shared , but so were shots from the making of the movie . british actress ridley is the next new star to appear as she drives a hover vehicle towards a desert town , while oscar isaac is seen as a fighter pilot , looking rather like a young luke skywalker when he 's headed for the death star . the first trailer also delivered what was initially suggested during the forthcoming film 's development - a clear departure from the over-indulgent use of cgi that blighted parts one , two and three of the science fiction saga . it also confirmed the welcome return of the iconic millennium falcon , and it is seen dodging laser blasts in a brief battle sequence . a new lightsaber made its debut , complete with a sword-like hilt , as an ominous cloaked figure marauds through a dark , snow-layered forest setting . the film opens december 18 , 2015 . the man with a plan : jj abrams spoke about the exciting project on stage . the veterans : mark , carrie and anthony daniels waved to the crowd of loyal followers . dark side : several storm troopers attended the event as they walked in a uniform line while standing in the background at the event . the gang 's all here : several star wars diehards posed for snaps together while dressed in their costumes . 