a 115-year-old detroit-area woman now listed as the world 's oldest living person still makes plans for a fishing trip each year and credits god for her longevity . jeralean talley of inkster tops a list maintained by the los angeles-based gerontology research group , which tracks the world 's longest-living people . gertrude weaver , a 116-year-old arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days , died on monday . talley was born may 23 , 1899 . scroll down for video . the world 's new oldest person : jeralean talley was born on may 23 , 1899 , and credits her long life to her faith . celebrations : jeralean talley attends church as she celebrates her 114th birthday , making her the oldest living person in america , in inkster , michigan may 26 , 2013 . talley was born in rural montrose on may 23 , 1899 . asked for her key to longevity , the detroit free press reports that she echoed previous answers on the topic . ' it 's coming from above , ' she told the newspaper . ' that 's the best advice i can give you . it 's not in my hands or your hands . ' michael kinloch , 56 , of wayne county 's canton township , is a gm engineer and longtime family friend of talley 's through their church . he said talley 's mental state is ' is very sharp . ' r.i.p : just days after becoming the world 's oldest documented person , 116-year-old gertrude weaver died monday . she is seen here on her birthday on july 3 , 2014 . arkansas supercentenarian gertrude weaver , born in 1898 to sharecropper parents , died on monday , after inheriting title from 117-year-old japanese woman just last week . ' it 's unfortunate that other people passed away , but this has certainly elevated her , ' kinloch said . ' she 's feeling no pain . she just ca n't get around like she used to . ' talley 's husband died in 1988 and five generations of her family have lived in the detroit area . in 2013 , her 114th birthday drew the attention of president barack obama , who said in a personal note that she 's ' part of an extraordinary generation . ' supercentenarian : jeralean talley sits at the head table during a celebration of her 115th birthday at the new jerusalem missionary baptist church in inkster , michigan may 25 , 2014 . kinloch said he 's looking forward to taking talley , despite her advanced age , on their annual fishing trip . ' we go to a trout pond in dexter , ' a community about 40 miles west of detroit , kinloch said . ' she really likes that . '