david luiz should not play in central defence again after his horror show in psg 's 3-1 defeat against barcelona , according to former england boss glenn hoddle . the ex-chelsea defender came off the bench in wednesday night 's champions league quarter-final first leg and was nutmegged twice by luis suarez in the build-up to the uruguayan 's two goals . luiz suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago but hoddle , who insists that the brazilian has always been a defensive liability , believes he still showed his naivety even if he was n't fully fit . luis suarez puts the ball through david luiz 's legs on his way to scoring his second goal of the night . luiz suffered the same fate when suarez weaved his way into the box for barcelona 's second goal . the brazilian was left with his head in his hands after allowing suarez a clean run at goal . asked about luiz 's defending for barcelona 's third goal , the sky sports pundit said : ' even if you 're not 100 per cent fit you ca n't show that lack of intent . ' he 's the last man on the pitch when suarez picks the ball up and starts running at him . he realises he 's the last man and the very last thing ( you should do ) when you 're last man is jump in . you bide time for your team to get around you . ' he does what an eight year old who has n't been coached does . he tries to win it by putting both of his feet together but when he does that he ca n't move anywhere . suarez nutmegs him again . ' some of luiz 's best performances for psg - and former club chelsea - came when he was deployed in a central midfield role with less defensive responsibility , something hoddle believes manager laurent blanc should consider from now on . sky sports pundit glenn hoddle described luiz as a ' liability at the back ' after psg 's defeat . luiz defended like an 'eight-year-old who has n't been coached ' in this challenge , according to hoddle . suarez tucks home the first of his two goals against psg after nutmegging luiz with ease . he added : ' for me he 's a liability at the back . he always has been . you have to find a place ( for him ) in midfield or even at right back . ' he 's a footballer who likes to play in the playground when there 's no shape to the game . he 's a talent but that 's not what top football is about . ' however hoddle 's fellow pundit , former arsenal striker thierry henry , was quick to point the blame in the direction of blanc , who chose to introduce the 25-year-old after an injury to thiago silva . henry said : ' if david luiz was n't fit enough to start the game , why does he come on as a sub after 21 minutes ? luiz looks dejected after contributing to his side 's 3-1 defeat in their champions league quarter-final first leg . jamie redknapp also admitted that luiz can be a liability but thierry henry questioned the player 's fitness . ' from a coaching point of view , why would you put him in ? if he 's not fit enough to start , why do you put him in ? ' sportsmail columnist jamie redknapp , who was also in the sky sports studio , showed some sympathy for luiz but pointed towards the sheer number of high-profile errors made by the former benfica man in recent seasons . responding to henry , redknapp said : ' i do agree with you but i 've seen him do that every single week in the premier league . ' that 's one of the reasons chelsea were quick to get rid of him . defensively , at times , he 's a liability . '