adam leheup , 34 , was cleared of rape and sexual assault by a jury at blackfriars crown court . an architect who was wooing 35 woman online was cleared today of raping a blind date hours after they met . adam leheup , 34 , had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old telling the jury the woman ' freaked out ' when he tried to comfort her about her saggy breasts . during the week long trial the woman , who can not be named for legal reasons , claimed leheup ignored her cries of ' no ' and afterwards said : ' in my experience girls say no , but they do n't mean it ' . but following their deliberations a jury at blackfriars crown court found the university of greenwich graduate , a technical co-ordinator on the £500million nine elms point development not guilty of rape and sexual assault . the self-confessed first date addict had spent nearly a year on police bail before eventually being charged and appeared emotional , emitting a slight gasp , as he was cleared . leheup told the jury they enjoyed a night-long date , which included wine and cocktails , with the young woman responding to his physical advances and allowing him to remove her bra in her bedroom so he could massage her back with oil . ‘ i noticed she had unusually saggy breasts , she seemed uncomfortable about that , ' he told the jury . ' i tried to comfort her by kissing and touching them , then she freaked out . ’ he had fought back tears as he told jurors he never had sex with the young woman and did n't do anything she did not consent to . leheup of hersham , surrey , revealed he was communicating with thirty-five woman at the time and regularly having sex with six of them , but stopped short with the complainant . ' she said : ' stop ' once and i turned to my side and started to go to sleep , ' he told the jury . ' when girls have said nothing is going to happen , i 've ended up having sex with them , ' he added . the pair had met her just hours earlier on july 9 , 2013 , after the pair chatted on the ' let 's date ' mobile phone app . leheup ended up returning to the woman 's flat in the early hours of the morning after he missed his last train home . ' i told him nothing was going to happen , but he started to kiss me and i could tell he was naked , ' the complainant told police , the court had heard . ' he took my clothes off and was on top of me and penetrated me and i was shouting : ' no ' a lot , but he was not listening . leheup appeared emotional after he was cleared of the charges following a week long trial at blackfriars crown court . ' i was saying : ' no ' , but he thought it was a joke or something . then maybe he realised i was serious and he calmed down . ' he said : ' girl 's say : ' no ' , but they do n't mean it . ' i just wanted him out . my flatmate said she was going to call the police , but he laughed at her and said it would just be a domestic . ' parkour and free-running fan , leheup was arrested after he left the woman 's flat . when questioned by police the architect said his date did not object to being touched intimately by him . leheup walked free from court after the jury returned the not guilty verdicts .