an epic stunt by the ecuador tourist board saw it fool a group of 40 visitors into thinking they had flown to costa rica to enjoy the delights of its famous port town golfito . but in fact , the group of tourists were exploring the activities on offer in the country 's napo province , in the amazon rainforest . the publicity stunt saw the tourists enjoy white water rafting , swimming near waterfalls and hiking , but it seems that costa rica was not amused by the ruse . the creative prank was executed by the ecuadorean airline tame , ecuador 's tourism ministry and ministry of transport and public works . the unusual video sparked a diplomatic incident , with the costa rican government and ambassador to ecuador complaining to the authorities and resulting in ecuador issuing an apology . the creative project was executed by the ecuadorean airline tame , ecuador 's tourism ministry and ministry of transport and public works . but the stunt sparked outrage from the costa rican tourism institute , the presidential palace and the foreign ministry . as ecuador residents arrived , not in costa rica but another ecuador airport , tena , where they were given fake stamps in their passports as they went through a staged passport control . no attention to detail was spared as huge posters were placed over the welcome billboards at the airport . adverts depicting imperial beer and ' esencial costa rica , ' costa rica 's national brand , were displayed in the airport to throw the group off the scent . even fictitious immigration documents and car licence plates were created to make the group think they were in golfito , a port town in costa rica . on top of all that organisers used mobile phone and gps blockers to keep passengers from using technology to discover the hoax . the tame airline staged the prank in a bid to demonstrate that ecuador should be considered a top tourist destination . a fake passport control was set up , which even gave out fake stamps for passports . the unsuspecting tourists took part in a number of exciting activities , from white water rafting to hiking . the prank was captured by video but following complaints , the tourism organisers in ecuador took the video down . ' we 're unhappy about their use of our country to trick their people into getting to know their own country , ' costa rican tourism minister wilhelm von breymann told the tico times . the trip aimed to show citizens that ecuador can be a great tourist destination , featuring many incredible site like the breathtaking volcanic crater lake , quilotoa . the prank was captured by video but following complaints , the tourism organisers in ecuador took the video down . in a note posted on the foreign ministry 's website , the government stated : ' the costa rican government expressed its discomfort at the use of its image in publicity about ecuadorean tourism . ' the ambassador alejandro solado spoke with the highest ecuadorian authorities about the display in the publicity video and the south american country will take the post down from the internet . ' the ecuadorain ambassador ricardo patino then followed up with an apology to costa rica and confirmed ecuador had sent a letter to the government to settle the matter . although they were previously considering legal action , they have since accepted the apology , la nación reported . costa rican outlet la nación uploaded it on youtube where it has been viewed by 60,000 people . at the end of the trip , the organiser tore down an ' esencial costa rica ' banner that had been posted at the airport to throw the group off the scent . this revealed the ecuadorean tourism slogan : ' love life ' . tame , the largest airline of ecuador , was part of the big-scale prank , and helped the tourism group to fool the visitors . 