a paralyzed former police officer who advocated for wheelchair users has died after accidentally driving his atv off an idaho cliff and plunging 500 feet . tom mctevia , 42 , who was left without the use of his legs following another atv accident 11 years ago , was traveling with a group and driving his friend tina hoisington , 45 , near an overlook at lake pend oreille in bonner county on sunday . when the group stopped for a photograph around noon , mctevia 's atv got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over , witnesses told selkirk fire rescue , the cda press reported . a firefighter reached the first victim 's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock , and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge , fire rescue said . a helicopter recovered their bodies . loss : 42-year-old tom mctevia , pictured on a trail he campaigned to make accessible for wheelchairs , has died after accidentally plunging over the edge of an idaho overlook while on his atv . victim : his passenger and best friend , tina hoisington , pictured , also died in the accident on sunday . the news has stunned the community of coeur d'alene , where mctevia had long campaigned for wheelchair users to get better access to outdoor activities . mctevia , a navy veteran and father-of-one , had been left paralyzed in another atv accident in 2004 , when he was an orofino police officer . he suffered a spinal cord injury that left him without the use of his legs and with limited use of his arms and hands , and he was forced to leave the police department , the spokesman review reported . despite his physical challenges , he continued to live an active lifestyle and enjoyed kayaking , hunting , skydiving and cycling by operating the bike with his hands . he moved to coeur d'alene in 2006 and volunteered at the records department of the coeur d'alene police department . crash : a fire rescue image shows the damaged atv after the fall . both victims fell out of the vehicle . scene : they were at this scene overlook at at lake pend oreille in bonner county when they fell . in 2009 , he took part in the national veterans wheelchair games in spokane . most recently , he pushed for the city to make a section of a 1,500-foot trail at tubbs hill accessible to wheelchair users by making the incline gentler . ' he just absolutely felt so passionate about that project , ' orofino mayor ryan smathers told the cda press . ' he missed being able to walk in the outdoors , so he at least wanted to still experience the outdoors . ' in february , he spoke to live well cda magazine about his outlook on life . ' i do n't like the word `` handicap '' , ' he said . ' i do n't like the word `` disability '' . disability is a state of mind , or it 's a broken-down vehicle on the side of the road . active : mctevia was left paralyzed by another atv accident in 2004 but continued to stay active . hobbies : he continued to go kayaking , hunting and skydiving despite his physical challenges . ' i 'm minorly inconvenienced . every person on this planet has an inconvenience , and it is all in how you approach it . ' mctevia leaves behind one son , who lives in california and graduated high school last year . friends told krem that mctevia and hoisington , from lewiston , idaho , were best friends who went on dozens of outdoor trips together . she had worked at the lewis clark credit union as a loan officer for 15 years . ' our hearts are breaking , ' ceo trisha baker said in a statement released on monday . ' tina touched so many lives… we will miss her laugh and her awesome sense of humor . '