if you 've managed to so far miss out on the addictive , award-winning netflix juggernaut which is house of cards , you 'll probably just remember robin wright as the actress who played jenny , tom hanks ' bohemian childhood sweetheart , in forest gump . or of course , you may know her as sean penn 's ex-wife . they met in 1989 just year after he split with madonna , had their first child two years later , and spent the best part of two decades in perceived marital bliss . but by personal choice , robin 's acting career is one that dwindled rapidly after her golden globe nominated performance in the film which cemented the mega-star career of her co-star hanks . scroll down for video . robin wright eschewed hollywood fame to raise her two children instead , after meeting and marrying actor sean penn shortly after his high-profile split with madonna in 1989 . reem acra fall 2013 . golden at the golden globes . visit site . well kids , it 's official . awards season has begun . last night the golden globes kicked off the seemingly never ending round of red carpet events that will keep us entertained for the next two months . and one our favourite actresses stayed on theme for the night in a golden dress . robin wright , who won the best actress award for her role in house of cards , wore a slinky dress from reem acra 's fall 2013 collection and looked stunning in it . the halter neck showed off her toned shoulders while the sparkly sheen worked beautifully against her skin tone and blonde crop . reem acra is a red carpet favourite and often chosen by the a-list for their big nights . olivia wilde , taylor swift , beyoncé and zooey deschanel all love her feminine designs that effortlessly mix colour and a striking silhouette . if you have a big event coming up that requires a statement dress then you ca n't go wrong in a metallic maxi . try sequins at belle badgley mischka and aidan mattox or channel robin 's halter neck style at jill stuart . then add a box clutch but keep jewellery to a minimum so the dress does all the talking . belle badgley mischka sequin cocktail dress ( now on sale for $ 113.40 ! ) at dillard 's . visit site . jill jill stuart pleated halter dress at shopbop . visit site . laundry by shelli segal beaded-neckline blouson dress at saks fifth avenue . visit site . aidan mattox beaded halter gown . visit site . robin and sean penn were officially divorced in 2010 following nearly twenty years of marriage , during which they had two children , daughter dylan penn , 24 , now a fashion model and son hopper penn , 21 , an actor . it 's a well documented case , robin 's eschewing of fame to raise to her children instead . but does she have any regrets ? now that she 's had another taste of on-screen success thanks to her role as power-hungry first lady claire underwood , does she wish she had n't given it all up so easily twenty years ago ? nope , not at all , the actress has revealed in an interview with giles hattersley for the the sunday times style magazine . talking about choosing between fame and family , when big movie offers were reportedly pouring in off the back of forest gump 's success , robin has said that it was an easy decision to make . ' i do n't look back and think , 'f*** , i missed putting my kids to bed for four straight years because i was in the theatre . ' playing first lady claire underwood in hit american tv series house of cards , robin has found acting success for the second time , already winning a golden globe for best tv actress . sean penn and charlize theron made their relationship public last summer , and are now rumoured to be engaged . it 'll be penn 's third marriage , following his divorces from madonna in 1989 and robin wright in 2010 . making reference to her famous decline of a big interview with vanity fair , along with starring roles in robin hood : prince of thieves alongside kevin costner , and batman forever with val kilmer , robin says she was never even interested . ' i did n't want to work four movies in a year and be on every magazine cover . six months away ? bullshit . do n't have kids ! ' the actress , who did make an arguably notable appearance in another of costner 's movies , message in a bottle , instead says the time she spent at home with her two children , daughter dylan , now 24 , and son hopper , now 21 , was a gift in itself . robin wright and sean penn 's daughter dylan is an aspiring actress and fashion model , enjoying her first taste of success with a recent campaign for italian fashion designer ermanno scervino . 1994 tear-jerker forest gump earned robin a golden globe nomination and a fistful of major movie role offers , but she turned her back on a high profile hollywood career after discovering she was pregnant . now that her full-time mothering is done and the kids have flown the nest however , it appears robin is back with a power dressing bang . her role as kevin spacey 's on-screen wife has already won her a golden globe for best tv actress , and her house of cards wardrobe has inspired millions of women around the globe . not to mention her kick-ass attitude and short blonde crop . robin's role as kevin spacey 's on-screen wife has already won her a golden globe for best tv actress . clare underwood 's powerful house of cards wardrobe has inspired millions of women around the globe . ' i feel really good about being a little bit elusive . it 's paid off , ' she says of her mid-life success . it 's not just her acting career that 's had a rejuvenation , however . following her 2010 divorce from sean penn , who is now dating charlize theron and rumoured to be engaged , robin has bagged herself a empowering attitude to ageing , plus a fiance , ben foster , 14 years her junior . robin sasy that she has no regrets about delaying her career , or her split from penn . the 49-year-old recently told vanity fair magazine that her sex life with 34-year-old fiance , actor ben foster , is extraordinary . declaring that she ' loves ' being older , after celebrating her 49th birthday earlier this month , robin is fast becoming an icon for women everywhere . along with the continued success of house of cards , thedue to star in upcoming film everest alongside jake gyllenhaal and keira knightley later this year . she 's also launching a line of pyjamas called pour les femmes , the proceeds of which will help fund charities working in the congo to help rape victims rebuild their lives . maid marian in robin hood : prince of thieves was eventually played by actress mary elizabeth mastrantonio , after robin turned it down upon discovering she was pregnant with her first child , daughter dylan . robin did star alongside kevin costner in later film message in a bottle in 199 , one of the few movies she made while raising her two children dylan and hopper penn .