president barack obama invited the super bowl champion new england patriots to the white house on thursday - but could n't help but get one last deflategate joke in . the president opened his speech on the south lawn by remarking ' that whole ( deflategate ) story got blown out of proportion , ' referring to an investigation that 11 out of 12 footballs used in the afc championship game were under-inflated . but then came the zinger : ' i usually tell a bunch of jokes at these events , but with the patriots in town i was worried that 11 out of 12 of them would fall flat . ' scroll down for video . boo ! hiss ! president barack obama elicited groans and a thumbs down from head coach bill belichick after cracking a deflategate joke while honoring the super bowl champion new england patriots . obama also quipped that he wished chicago could learn something from boston 's championship-winning ways . disapproval rating : head coach bill belichick gives the thumbs down after obama cracked a de-flate gate joke that left the whole team groaning . obama received a custom jersey and a custom football from the team at the white house on thursday . the patriots assembled behind him groaned . coach bill belichick , who is notoriously humorless , responded by giving the president a thumbs down . obama was flanked by belichick and billionaire patriots owner bob kraft . missing from the occasion , though was the super bowl mvp and the team 's biggest star - tom brady . a spokesman for the team cited ' prior family commitments ' as the reason brady , 37 , did n't attend the ceremony . sports commentators , including retired football great boomer esiason , speculated that brady snubbed obama because he 's from the ' wrong political party . ' the superstar athlete has been to the white house before . he does have three other super bowl rings , afterall . but all the prior championships were under the bush administration . february 's win was the first for the patriots since obama took office . brady has also met obama at least once before , as well . he was pictured with the then-us senator at the 2005 white house correspondents dinner . showoffs : the new england patriots gathered the team 's four super bowl trophies won under coach bill belichick ( right , next to president barack obama ) . brady won his fourth super bowl ring in february - and his first since president obama took office . tom brady met president barack obama at least once . he is pictured here with the then-us senator and rival quarterback donovan mcnabb in 2005 . it 's not clear what brady 's prior commitment was . his supermodel wife gisele bündchen , usually active on social media , gives no hint where the family is today if not in washington . brady led the patriots to his fourth super bowl victory in february after defeating the seattle seahawks 28-24 . despite his arm and movement being somewhat diminished by age , brady 's leadership and calm under pressure also won him super bowl mvp - his third . whatever is taking up brady 's time this week , he made time next week to be ringside at the floyd mayweather jr.-manny pacquiao fight in las vegas next weekend . according to sport illustrated , brady appealed directly to cbs president les moonves for tickets to the much-touted matchup . patriots tight end rob gronkowski could n't help but mug for the camera as the commander in chief gave a speech . obama walks with billionaire patriots owner bob kraft and coach bellichick to the speech . secretary of state john kerry , a former massachusetts us senator , greets belichick 's girlfriend linda holliday at the ceremony . brady went to the white house to meet president george w bush after winning the super bowl in 2005 and in 2004 . he 's not going to be there this year . patriots players julian edelman and danny amendola snap pics in the white house before meeting president barack obama on thursday .  