johnny depp has one of the most distinctive faces in hollywood , but he 's almost unrecognizable in the first trailer for his latest film black mass . in the long-awaited trailer for the film to be released this september , depp plays james ' white ' bulger - the notorious boston gangster who topped the fbi 's most wanted list for 16 years before he was finally arrested in 2011 . the trailer was one of several warner bros screen at cinemacon on thursday , and the creepy two-minute clip was a highlight of the day . scroll down for video . american gangster : the first trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of boston gangster james ' whitey ' bulger was released thursday . johnny depp plays the notorious criminal in the film . unrecognizable : in the trailer , depp is completely transformed for the role . he looks several years older , with grey slicked back hair and his brown eyes changes to a grey-blue . bulger pictured in a 1973 mugshot , right . with thinning blond hair slicked back meticulously , disarming grayish blue eyes , and speckled , pink skin , 51-year-old depp is transformed into a menacing presence in the generation-spanning story about the alliance between bulger and the fbi . ' this is a film about the abuse of power , ' said director scott cooper . ' in the city of boston at this time , criminals and lawmen were virtually indistinguishable . ' depp , he said , gives a ' performance for the ages . ' the trailer opens up to depp eating dinner and complimenting the host and asking about the marinade . the host , played by actor david harbour , initially tells depp it 's a family secret but eventually caves and spills the recipe . dinner talk : the chilling clip begins with a friendly depp complimenting his host , played by david harbour ( far right ) , on the steak they 're eating . daggers : when harbour quickly gives up the ' family secret ' recipe , depp turns cold and goes into a lecture on spilling secrets . most wanted : the rest of the trailer shows flashbacks of bulger 's darkside : carrying out hits and womanizing . killer : depp stands threateningly over a man in this clips previewed in thursday 's new trailer . evil laugh : depp eventually breaks the scary silence over the table and breaks out into an unsettling cackle . that 's when depp turns serious and goes on a chilling monologue about the importance of keeping secrets . ' i was just say- ' a nervous harbour answers before depp cuts him off . ' just sayin ' gets people sent away . just sayin ' got me a nine-year stretch in alcatraz , you understand ? so just sayin ' can get you buried will quick , ' depp says . a silence falls over the table for several seconds , before depp breaks out in an unsettling cackle . on set : depp is pictured above filming black mass last july , along with co-star peter sarsgaard ( right ) . the crime drama is based on the 2001 book black mass : the true story of an unholy alliance between the fbi and the irish mob written by dick lehr and gerard o'neill . the film also stars joel edgerton , benedict cumberbatch , kevin bacon , peter sarsgaard and dakota johnson . bulger had a long career of run-ins with the law , dating all the way back to when he was just 14 years old . in the early 70s , after spending nine years in prison for armed robbery and truck hijacking , bulger returned to boston and joined a prominent irish mob in south boston . as he became climbed up the rankings of the mob , bulger was recruited in the mid 1970s to become an informant for the fbi , supplying the bureau with information on a rival crime family . then in 1997 , bulger was outed as an informant in newspaper reports and he went on the run when his own handler said he was about to be hit with an indictment . captured : bulger pictured on the left in 2011 , after he was finally arrested after 16 years on the run . he is currently imprisoned in a maximum security prison in florida . depp on the right . starting young : bulger 's criminal history stretches all the way back to when he was just 14 years old and a part of a boston street gang . for the next 16 years , bulger evaded law enforcement until he was finally caught on june 22 , 2011 at a santa monica , california apartment he shared with his longtime girlfriend . he went on trial two years later on 32 counts of racketeering , money laundering , extortion , weapons charges , and ties to 19 murders . he was found guilty on 31 of those charges in august and sentenced to two consecutive life in prison sentences in november 2013 . the 84-year-old is currently incarcerated at an all-male federal high-security prison in sumterville , florida . jack nicholson 's character in the oscar-winning film the departed is thought to be loosely based on bulger . 