southampton manager ronald koeman admits morgan schneiderlin may have played his last game for the club . the midfielder has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury , but tottenham are weighing up a bid for the 25-year-old , who has two years left on his £30,000-a-week contract , interest from arsenal was rejected by southampton last summer , but koeman says the upcoming transfer window will be more testing for a player with ambitions to play in the champions league . morgan schneiderlin may have played his last game for southampton after damaging knee ligaments . the french midfielder has been linked with a move to arsenal and tottenham this summer . southampton manager ronald koeman has admitted that schneiderlin may leave the club this summer . the southampton boss said : ‘it’s more difficult ( than last year ) , i understand because i got the possibility as a player to change team and go to a big team , barcelona , from holland . ‘ we try to keep him for longer , we do everything , but there is a “stop” where we can’t do more and then it’s all about the decision of the player . ‘ i don’t know ( if he’s played his last game ) , or about interest or about bids . we would like to keep everybody but sometimes it’s difficult . there aren’t any serious bids for the player . he is happy but it’s up to him . ’ while koeman says that schneiderlin 's season is over , the player himself has not given up on making it back before the end of may . he tweeted : ' sad about my injury .. i am not giving up on coming back before the end of the season ! thanks to everyone for their support ! ' koeman also conceded that he may be forced to consider selling nathaniel clyne if the england right back does not sign a new contract within the next 10 days . manchester united have shown interest in clyne , who is entering the last year of his deal , and despite the offer to make him one of saints’ best-paid players , he is stalling on signing . ‘ the club is offering the maximum we can , ’ koeman said . ‘ in football if you go into your last season of a contract , we don’t like that . ’ koeman also conceded that he may have to consider selling nathaniel clyne if he does not sign a new contract . 