a former bodyguard who struggled to bond with his nine-year-old autistic son has finally mended their relationship - by becoming his second mother . until two years ago , 50-year-old roxy wallace was a bodyguard called bob , who lived a reclusive life , plagued by depression . the long-term condition was caused by bob 's belief that he had been born into the wrong body , a turmoil which made it impossible to have a meaningful relationship with his son william . scroll down for video . happy families : roxy , who was formerly a bodyguard called bob , has finally mended her relationship with her nine-year-old autistic son william by becoming his second mother . transition : roxy ( left ) struggled with depression after secretly wanting to live life as a woman . she told her wife jo , 44 , ( right ) about her feelings two years ago and says she is now the ' luckiest woman in the world ' . committed : the pair , who married in 1994 , are now happier than ever , following roxy 's transition . but , in october 2013 , roxy finally revealed the truth to 44-year-old jo , her wife of 20 years . with jo 's full support , roxy started on the journey of gender reassignment - a move which has finally given her the parent-son relationship which has always been missing . jo and roxy are still together , now in a lesbian relationship . and for william , ' mummy roxy 's ' new lease of life has changed everything - and he has no desire for ' grumpy daddy ' to return . ' i love my second mummy so much . i never want my daddy back ' , he said . roxy , from churchdown , gloucestershire , began to struggle with depression shortly after marrying jo in 1994 . it led to crippling migraines , a condition which made roxy distance herself further from the family . but roxy is now happier than ever , after starting hormone treatment with the full backing of her family . she hopes to have full gender reassignment surgery by christmas . she said : ' my biggest fear was pushing my family away - but my depression was so bad that 's what i was doing anyway . i just did n't realise at the time . ' my family have been so supportive of me , and it 's helped me grow and improve as a person . i now feel like the luckiest woman in the world . vows : jo , aged 23 on her wedding day , has supported roxy - pictured as 29-year-old bob - during her transition . roxy changed her named by deed poll and hopes to have gender reassignment surgery this year . roxy began to struggle with depression after the pair were married ( left ) . she had become a full-time carer for the couple 's son but the pair never really bonded . pictured right : bob , then 42 , with william , 14 weeks . ' not only has my amazing wife stood by me , but my son and i are closer than ever . ' when i was bob , william was so closed off but now he calls me `` mummy roxy '' and is so much more affectionate and cuddly . i feel so blessed to have such a fantastic family . ' in 2006 , when jo gave birth their son , roxy became a full-time carer for william . but the pair never really bonded . roxy said : ' i was so depressed and in pain every day that i convinced myself that jo was going to do a runner and i 'd be left without her or william , so i put up a wall between us . ' i 'd feed , water and bathe him but i never connected with him emotionally . ' looking back now , i had never felt right in myself . ever since i was about eight years old , i 'd never been into football and just wanted to read jackie magazine . secret : roxy finally told jo how she felt in october 2013 while the pair were watching tv . pictured : jo , then aged 22 , with bob , then 28 . ' growing up i thought maybe i was gay because i was so girly , even though i was n't attracted to men and i was bullied constantly for being effeminate . ' finally , in october 2013 , while roxy and jo were watching tv , roxy revealed her secret . jo said : ' we were just slobbing on the sofa like any other night when bob just blurted out that he was a woman , and wanted to start living as a woman . ' in my mind it came out of nowhere , but suddenly everything made sense . ' bob had been a miserable recluse for years and i 'd always known something was eating him up inside . i was shocked , but all i wanted was for bob to be happy so i agreed to help him . ' after all , i had been in love with him for 20 years and it did n't matter to me what he looked like on the outside . ' william ( pictured left and right with roxy ) , who adores ' mummy roxy ' , has no desire for ' grumpy daddy ' to return . ' i love my second mummy so much . i never want my daddy back ' , he says . she added : ' watching bob become a recluse had been so painful . i could see he was in turmoil but even he did n't seem to know why . ' it was such a hard time for us and we stopped going out with friends all together . ' after that , the pair set the wheels in motion for roxy 's transition . they bought her female hormones online and a new wardrobe . and in the following july , roxy legally changed her name by deed poll . jo added : ' we go out clubbing all the time now - roxy is the best friend i have ever had . she has all the qualities that made me fall in love with bob , only more . ' william is thrilled too . he loves having two mummies . ' roxy added : ' i was n't the best dad in the world but i 'm making up for lost time by being a better mother . ' bob was so masculine and afraid to show emotions but roxy is very tactile and loving . ' nothing makes me happier than when william jumps on me , throws his arms around me and gives me a huge kiss . ' 