a married couple were killed in a light aircraft crash as they made a surprise visit to see family during the holiday weekend . david and margaret-ann rous were on an easter getaway when their private plane crashed into hills during bad weather in the scottish highlands . the pair had arranged a secret visit using mr rous’s light aircraft to see his wife’s mother and sister on an island in the inner hebrides on saturday . newlyweds : dr margaret-ann and david rous died when their light aircraft crashed into a scottish hillside while flying from their home in dundee to make a surprise to see family on the the hebridean isle of tiree . tragedy : the couple – who had been married for less than a year – were found in the wreckage of the aircraft . but when the couple failed to turn up at the island’s airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane , a search party was scrambled . the wreckage of the plane and the couple’s bodies were found in hills in argyll six hours later as aviation experts said the flight may have encountered poor visibility . shocked residents on the island of tiree paid tribute to the ‘wonderful’ dr rous , 37 , who had been married to the 28-year-old structural engineer for three years . the couple , who are understood to have been planning a family and to move into a larger property , can be seen revelling in married life in photographs posted online . alongside images of their honeymoon in venice , one poignant photograph , posted only months before the crash , shows the smiling couple wearing headsets in a plane cockpit . dr rous’s sister johann yesterday described the gp as her ‘ absolute rock’ , and said learning about the crash led to ‘ the hardest day of my life’ . dr rous met her husband when he visited tiree , where she grew up , several years ago . lives cut short : it is understood the couple were moving to a larger house and were planning to start a family . the couple lived in a £260,000 semi-detached house in newport-on-tay , just across the river from dundee where dr rous worked as a family doctor . neighbours said that despite mr rous often working away from home , the couple frequently held parties for them to make friends . dr john holliday , tiree’s local doctor for almost 30 years , said : ‘ i had known margaret-ann since the 1980s . she captivated everyone that knew her . she was absolutely gorgeous in every way . she became a much-loved gp in dundee and i have no doubt that she was a wonderful doctor with her charm and great empathy . surprise visit to see family : the couple were flying in mr rous 's piper cherokee from dundee , where they lived , to tiree , where dr rous grew up , to spend the weekend with her mother and sister . scouring the landscape : a coastguard search and rescue helicopter , a royal navy helicopter from hms gannet and an air ambulance were all scrambled to make a search after radar contact with the plane was lost . ‘ she immediately touched the hearts of everyone who came into contact with her . ’ paying tribute to mr rous , originally from gillingham in kent , he added : ‘ he was a really nice man and a very talented structural engineer with a bright professional career ahead of him . ‘ together they made a fine couple . we can only imagine what the family must be suffering . ‘ a cloud has fallen over tiree , but the island community will come together as it always does at times like this . ’ private jet : the couple were flying in a piper cherokee light aircraft ( like the one above ) when tragedy struck . the tragedy unfolded after the couple set off from dundee airport in mr rous’s single-engine piper cherokee plane on saturday . radar contact was lost at around 1.50pm as they travelled over the remote beinn nan lus area of glen kinglass . coastguard and royal navy helicopters , as well as an air ambulance , were called , and found the wreckage at 8pm on the northern side of glen kinglass , above loch etive . the air accidents investigation branch is now examining possible causes of the crash . local aviation expert david howitt said that the conditions were poor at the time , adding : ‘ i have been taking weather readings here for 50 years , and on saturday the weather was very , very dubious . there was some very poor visibility . ’ iain mackinnon , part of the coastguard team that searched the area , said : ‘ at the loch surface it was almost perfect visibility , but in terms of using the rescue helicopters they were very restricted . ’ 