a sickening propaganda image linked to the islamic state terrorist group has surfaced showing a newborn baby sleeping next to a grenade , a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate . the image , which has not been verified , was re-posted to twitter on sunday by an anti-isis activist in syria with the warning : ' this child will be risk to you not just to us ' . abu ward al-raqqawi , a self proclaimed ' founder of the syrian revolution , ' believes the chilling image was released to radicalise the next generation of jihadis . terror experts have revealed to daily mail australia the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity , as well as a compelling window into life within their self-declared caliphate . scroll down for video . the sickening image of a newborn baby pictured next to a handgun , grenade and islamic state birth certificate . the post says the newborn child is called ‘jrah’ , while its mothers name is ‘om’ and its fathers name is ‘abu . ’ it also claims the certificate next to the baby is an ' isis issued id for a child . ' the image was believed to be posted by abu ward al-raqqawi in the hope of garnering attention to the international threat posed by isis . the image has yet to be verified but it bears strong similarities to earlier isis propaganda . last september , a harrowing image was released by the group of a baby dressed as a fighter lying on an islamic state flag beside grenades and enormous automatic firearms . in august , notorious australian terrorist khaled sharrouf posted a twitter image of his seven-year-old son gripping the severed head of a syrian soldier , with the accompanying caption ' that 's my boy ! ' the chilling snapshot was re-posted by anti-islamic state activists in hopes of garnering international attention to the threat posed by the depraved militant group . the image bears a strong resemblance to earlier isis propaganda , such as this image of a baby lying on an isis flag surrounded by weapons . australian national university terrorism expert dr clarke jones told daily mail australia the image appears to be authentic . ‘ by showing the birth certificate , and the fact that the group are indoctrinating babies , i think isis are indicating they will be around for a long time . ’ ‘it’s an interesting signal of life within the caliphate . obviously by posting opposition to the islamic state from within their borders the activist is operating with great risk . ’ jones said the post could be an international plea for military intervention on account of the rapid deterioration of life in raqqa , the stronghold of the islamic state . in august , notorious australian terrorist khaled sharrouf released this image of his seven-year-old son holding a severed head . isis has made it a policy to groom children to take part in jihad , brainwashing them from a very young age . online propaganda is an integral part of this process , with the group using scores of social media accounts to disseminate their messages to youths around the world . in february , australia 's attorney-general george brandis announced an $ 18 million initiative to battle extremist propaganda in australia . the operation , which will be launched in july , will employ a team of technology experts to assess the impact of extremist propaganda . the government also plans to seek the help of platforms such as google , twitter and facebook , to counter extremist messages . khaled sharrouf with his gun-wielding sons : isis has made it a policy to groom children to take part in jihad , brainwashing them from a young age . another image spread online by the group shows a boy barely school age clutching an automatic rifle . 