rajul patel ( pictured ) has been jailed for stealing £30,000 worth of jewellery and valuables from members of gyms across london . a serial thief who stole £30,000 worth of irreplaceable rolex watches , jewellery and iphones from wealthy gym members has today been jailed for 32 months . rajul patel , 35 , targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at virgin active health clubs across london after obtaining memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor . in one spree , patel stole a man 's platinum wedding ring , first-year anniversary ring , and a 40th birthday bracelet , isleworth crown court was told . he was finally stopped when another gym member spotted him returning to the changing room lockers just five minutes after beginning his workout . when challenged about the items he was removing , he replied : ' do you not trust me ? ' patel tried to escape arrest by running from the gym into a nearby shop but was discovered hiding behind a clothes rack . prosecutor paul casey said a conservative estimate of the goods stolen during the two-month spree , not taking into account the items unreturned , was ' between £25,000-£30,000 . ' mr casey told the court : ' the facts of these burglaries begin with the identity documents of a doctor ritesh sharma being stolen from his gym that he attended on the 12th of september 2014 . ' there followed a number of thefts with dr sharma 's identity being used by this defendant . ' it seems they bore a physical resemblance and he was able to use that photo identity before he was eventually apprehended on the 8th of november . ' on that date he attended the kensington active gym using dr sharma 's identity . ' it was shown to staff and he was told he would need to pay an additional £25 , as this particular branch was a premiere gym . ' mr casey told the court that dr sharma almost came under police suspicion in relation to the thefts - such was the use of his identity cards . patel took a samsung galaxy mobile phone worth £200 and a pair of bose headphones , also worth £200 , belonging to peter culak , at virgin active in wimbledon on september 13 . at the clapham branch patel grabbed a brand-new iphone six worth £600 , a £1,500 ring , a rolex oyster watch worth £2,500 , a £150 designer purse , three credit cards and £910 in cash belonging to oliver budworth . indian-born patel stole horace treviss 's cartier watch worth £6,000 , his £1,200 cartier ring and a second ring by bvlgari worth £1,300 , as well as £50 cash when he was working out at the chain 's wandsworth gym on october 24 . patel targeted the virgin active in notting hill on november 4 , taking nicholas little 's £500 iphone as well as £50 cash . hours later he went to the mayfair branch , taking robby surya 's £2,000 bag containing a £500 iphone , and £8,000 rolex watch , a £100 jacket , a driving licence and three credit cards . patel struck again , shortly before he was arrested on november 8 when he raided the changing rooms at the virgin active gym , in old court place , kensington . he took a £10,000 rolex , a £500 samsung mobile phone , an iphone worth £600 and a dunhill wallet worth £200 belonging to ivan pavlov . mr pavlov also lost two credit cards , a £600 necklace as well as £50 cash . one of patel 's victims , simon parkinson , sat in court during sentence , explaining that he had suffered from depression and was forced to take time off of work after the ' sentimental ' and ' irreplaceable ' items were stolen . these included a phone , which stored pictures of the first year of his daughter 's life . patel also took his platinum wedding ring which he had saved for several years , a wedding anniversary ring , and a 40th birthday silver bracelet . sentencing patel , judge molyneux said : ' between september and november 2014 you stole a gym membership card and a driving licence belonging to dr ritesh sharma , and you carried out eight burglaries . in one instance , patel stole a man 's platinum wedding ring , first-year anniversary ring , and a 40th birthday bracelet , isleworth crown court ( pictured ) heard . ' whatever were the precise circumstances you have pleaded guilty to the theft of the cards . ' you resembled him and decided to use his card to enter gyms across london where you stole from lockers . ' the goods that were stolen were of a high value , in monetary terms between £25,000 and £30,000 . ' but far more importantly they were of a high sentimental and emotional value to those who they belonged . ' it must have been clear to you that this was the case - one of those items was a wedding ring which was invaluable to the owner . ' judge molyneux said the thefts had had ' lasting consequences ' on mr parkinson . ' these offences were planned and organised , and took place over a period of months , ' she continued . ' whether this began opportunistically is to some extent irrelevant . ' the court heard depression , gambling addiction , and the collapse of his business lay at the root of patel 's offending . patel , a married father-of-one whose parents came to the uk from tanzania , had spiraling debts to finance companies , credit card companies , and his relatives . he has a degree in computing and is a middle child , with siblings enjoying successful careers in medicine . the court was told patel had brought ' shame ' upon his family , and since his arrest had been working as a dominos pizza delivery man . patel , of kingston-upon-thames , admitted eight counts of burglary and one of theft . three others counts of burglary were left to lie on file .