former real madrid ace kaka and canadian international cyle larin proved the difference as orlando city earned all three points against portland timbers at a sold-out providence park . canadian international larin reacted quickest to chest home the delivery of kevin molino in the first-half before kaka sealed the win with a penalty in the closing stages of the match . darlington nagbe proved the timbers biggest threat , but aurelien collin and co stood strong in defence to earn orlando their second away win of the season . former real madrid ace kaka runs at the portland timbers defence at providence park in oregon . like so often in the early stages of this season , all eyes were on former real madrid ace kaka as traveling orlando looked to continue their unbeaten away run . creating chances for fun has been the brazilians job since arriving in america , but it was english representative ridgewell who had the biggest influence of the first-half . ridgewell , who enjoyed spells with birmingham city and west bromwich albion , failed to deal with a clearance as orlando threatened the timbers defence . his week header fell kindly to molino who flashed the ball across goal before the ball struck larin and evaded goalkeeper adam kwarasey . on first glance the goal seemed fortunate , but video replays showed larin turn and chest the ball into the goal smartly to give orlando the lead . kaka 's second-half penatly helped orlando city win their second away game of the season . nagbe tried and failed to rally the lacklustre timbers in the second-half , but his teammates struggled to get on the same wavelength as the liberian attacker . the hosts were lucky to end the game with all 11-men when goalkeeper kwarasey took down substitute carlos rivas in the closing stages . kwarasey avoided dismissal but was unable to stop kaka from doubling orlando’s lead from the spot to send adrian heath’s side third in the table . major league soccer star darlington nagbe goes close with an effort against orlando city at providence park .