a texas university that booked matthew mcconaughey as its may commencement speaker has broken the silence on the texas-born actor 's speaking fee . the university of houston said in a statement tuesday that it was paying mcconaughey speaking fees totaling $ 135,000 plus travel expenses , as well as a $ 20,250 commission to the celebrity talent international booking agency engaged by the university . meanwhile , the statement says mcconaughey is donating his fees to his jk livin foundation , which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future . got $ 135,000 : a texas university that booked matthew mcconaughey as its may commencement speaker has broken the silence on the texas-born actor 's speaking fee . the university initially balked at revealing mcconaughey 's fee , citing a confidentiality agreement with the booking agency . however , the university says its business with the agency is now finished . ' the university has concluded its business with cti and , therefore , is no longer bound by its confidentiality agreement with the agency , ' the university said in a statement . it was cti , however , that initially opposed the disclosure after the houston chronicle filed a foia request concerning the fee -- which will be paid through taxes and tuition . the booking agency argued a ' reporter or someone ' might create ' unfair negatives online , ' the chronicle reports . the university will also pay a 15 percent booking fee to cti , or $ 20,250 . the university did not divulge the fees it 's paid to previous speakers , though it is not uncommon for schools to pay celebrities and other biog name speakers top dollar . according to the uh release , jk livin ' serves more than 2,000 students at 24 programs in california , texas , louisiana and washington , d.c . ' ' i 've had the instincts to help since i was a kid , ' mcconaughey says . ' i was raised that way . as a kid i was pushed to go give time in my community , and it felt good . you learn as a kid . ' the university of houston is a public institution and one of texas 's largest colleges . officials there initially balked at revealing mcconaughey 's salary but has since said a confidentiality agreement is no longer binding .  