a florist in eastern washington state fined $ 1,000 for refusing to sell a same-sex couple wedding flowers and also facing a consumer-protection lawsuit has netted more than $ 87,000 in a crowdfunding campaign . the seattle times reports that nearly half of the money on the gofundme.com page set up in february for 70-year-old barronelle stutzman came in the last several days . supporters compare stutzman 's benefit page to an indiana pizza shop that raised more than $ 800,000 after closing when the owner said the shop would n't cater a gay wedding . supporters : an online campaign for richland , washington florist barronelle stutzman ( pictured ) has raised over $ 87,000 after the florist was fined for refusing to provide a gay couple with flowers for their 2013 wedding . refused service : couple robert ingersoll ( left ) and curt freed ( right ) were longtime customers at stutzman 's shop , and while she was fine providing them flowers before , she cited her religious beliefs when declining to service their wedding . stutzman , owner of arlene 's flowers and gifts in richland , washington , received the fine in benton county superior court in march after refusing to serve same-sex couple robert ingersoll and curt freed in 2013 . when longtime customer ingersoll came to arlene 's flowers and asked for the flowers , the devout southern baptist told him her ' relationship with jesus christ ' would n't allow her to do the wedding . after they were refused flowers , ingersoll and freed went ahead with a smaller wedding than they had planned . they got married in their home with 11 guests and flowers from another florist . in a february ruling , benton county superior judge alexander ekstrom found that stutzman 's refusal to provide flowers because of sexual orientation violated washington 's anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws . along with the fine , the judge 's ruling also requires that everything arlene 's flowers sells to opposite-sex couples has to be available at the same price to same-sex couples . attorney general bob ferguson , whose office requested the fine , said in a statement friday that the ruling is a reminder of the reach of washington 's anti-discrimination laws . ' my primary goal has always been to end illegal discrimination , ' ferguson said . ' i 'm pleased that today 's ruling clearly prohibits discrimination against same-sex couples . ' before ferguson 's office filed the consumer-protection lawsuit against stutzman , it had sent her a letter asking for an agreement to no longer discriminate , which she refused . ferguson 's statement friday said the office would not have sued if stutzman had accepted the agreement . breaking the law : in february , a benton county judge ruled that stutzman 's refusal to provide flowers for the ceremony was a violation of anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws . above , stutzman 's shop .