the duke of edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his australian knighthood by the queen , in recognition of his contribution to the commonwealth nation . prince philip was presented with the award on wednesday by his wife , despite significant criticism of australian prime minister tony abbott following the announcement in january that he had recommended the duke for the honour . the citation recognises the 93-year-old duke of edinburgh 's long service to the british monarchy and the commonwealth , adding : ' he has served australia with distinction and is patron of over 800 organisations . ' scroll down for video . the duke of edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his australian knighthood by the queen . the duke of edinburgh , who served in the royal navy throughout the second world war , wore 17 medals and decorations when he visited the new ssafa charity headquarters in central london in november 2013 . ' for three quarters of a century , prince philip has served the crown , and the wider commonwealth . he served originally as an officer in the royal navy and then as a member of the royal family , ' the citation said . mr abbott’s announcement on australia day - celebrated on january 26 - that the queen’s consort would be awarded his nation’s highest award prompted questions over the wisdom of knighting a british royal on a day meant to commemorate their countrymen . the media dubbed the decision to make philip a knight of the order of australia a ' knightmare ' , and incited public criticism from within mr abbott 's own backbenchers as well as the opposition . ' i stand by the decision . i understand why some people do n't like it , ' he said . ' i respect their right to be critical ... and i take it on the chin , i take it on the chin , ' mr abbott told reporters at the time . the prime minister - who confirmed he did not consult his own chief of staff peta credlin - said there would be ' considerable more consultation around these awards ' in the future . mr abbott said in a speech at the national press club this month that he accepted the decision was a ' captain 's call ' , and he ' probably overdid it on awards ' . the queen presented the duke with the insignia of a knight of the order of australia ( pictured ) . the investiture ceremony was held at windsor castle on wednesday . australia’s high commissioner , alexander downer ( above right ) , was present during the ceremony in the castle’s white drawing room . ' i just want to make it clear that all awards in the order of australia will henceforth be entirely a matter for the order of australia council , ' he said . during the investiture ceremony , held at windsor castle , the queen presented the duke with the insignia of a knight of the order of australia . australia’s high commissioner , alexander downer , was present during the ceremony in the castle’s white drawing room . the accolade is just one of dozens of awards received by philip , who is already a knight of the order of the elephant in denmark , a royal chief of the order of logohu in papua new guinea , and a knight grand cross of the order of the netherlands lion . mr abbott’s announcement on australia day - celebrated on january 26 - prompted criticism . mr abbott said prince philip ( right ) had made a ' great contribution ' to australian society during his time . he is also a knight of the garter , a knight of the thistle , a knight grand cross of the order of the british empire , an earl , a baron and the lord high admiral of the royal navy . the prime minister 's office first sought advice about giving the queen 's husband a knighthood in november 2014 , department of prime minister and cabinet officials confirmed in january . they also revealed the letters patent for the order of australia had to be amended because the duke of edinburgh was not an australian citizen , making him an ' honorary ' knight only . mr abbott sent a cover letter to the queen with the amended letters patent in mid-december . the queen agreed to the recommendation to knight her husband on january 7 , 2015 . the 92-year-old duke joined the royal navy in 1939 , aged 19 , and served throughout the second world war and on until 1953 , when he gave up his active career in the navy after the queen ascended the throne . since then he has held various military posts , including admiral of the fleet and lord high admiral of the royal navy . array of honour : the duke of edinburgh , who joined the royal navy straight from school in 1939 , wore 17 medals and decorations when he opened the new headquarters of armed forces charity ssafa in late 2013 . the duke 's medals as seen above , left to right : queen’s service order , new zealand : this is awarded by the government of new zealand for service to the country . 1939-1945 star : a campaign medal of the british commonwealth awarded for service during the second world war . atlantic star : awarded this in 1945 for service in the atlantic during the second world war . africa star : awarded in 1945 for service in africa during the second world war . burma star ( with pacific rosette ) : awarded for service in the burma campaign in the second world war . italy star : awarded for service in italy and surrounding areas in the second world war . war medal 1939-1945 , with mention in dispatches : awarded to those who served in the armed forces or merchant navy for at least 28 days between 1939-45 . the oak leaf on the ribbon denotes the mention in despatches . king george vi coronation medal , 1937 : these medals were made to commemorate the coronation of king george vi and queen elizabeth . queen elizabeth ii coronation medal , 1953 : a commemorative medal made to celebrate the coronation of queen elizabeth ii . queen elizabeth ii silver jubilee medal , 1977 : a commemorative medal created in 1977 to mark the 25th anniversary of the queen 's accession to the throne . queen elizabeth ii golden jubilee medal , 2002 : a commemorative medal created in 2002 to mark the 50th anniversary of the queen 's accession to the throne . queen elizabeth ii diamond jubilee medal , 2012 : a commemorative medal created last year to mark the 60th anniversary of the queen 's accession to the throne . canadian forces decoration ( 4 bars ) : this honorary award was presented to the duke in april this year . new zealand commemoration medal , 1990 : this was awarded only during 1990 to around 3,000 people in recognition of contributions made to new zealand life . malta george cross 50th anniversary medal , 1992 : this is a commemorative medal awarded by , or in the name of , the president of malta . greek war cross , 1950 : this is awarded for heroism in wartime to both greeks and foreign allies . the duke earned his for his bravery in fighting the italians when they invaded greece in 1941 . croix de guerre ( france ) with palm , 1948 : a french military decoration to honour people who fought with the allies against axis nations in the second world war .