the nhs handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £13million in 2014 and 4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills costing£29million , damning analysis has found ( file image ) . the nhs is spending millions on prescriptions for suncream and toothpaste , a damning analysis has found . some patients are even being given hangover tablets and yakult yogurt drinks . critics said it was ‘ludicrous’ that such items were being handed out when the nhs was rationing routine treatments . it has prompted concern that patients are abusing the system by demanding prescriptions for household essentials which are cheaply available at their local chemist . the figures came on the day that britain was ranked only 27th in the world for health and wellness – below slovenia , spain and portugal – and 111th out of 133 countries for obesity . in 2014 , the nhs handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £13million . another 4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills cost £29million , while 1.4million were written out for multi-vitamins , at £4.2million . other bathroom cabinet items routinely being prescribed by gps include calpol , vaseline , strepsils and toothpaste , according to the health and social care information centre . roger goss of patient concern said : ‘ this is ludicrous . every week we hear of patients being denied another cancer treatment or refused cataracts while others are being prescribed toothpaste . whoever is prescribing this or authorising it must have completely lost their mind . ’ doctors admit that some patients abuse the system and arrive at surgeries with shopping lists of toiletries and remedies . but their contract states they must prescribe any medication they think is ‘necessary’ , meaning patients can claim that most remedies are needed even if they are cheaply available from a chemist . the nhs is facing a huge black hole in its finances , with chief executive simon stevens predicting that by 2020/21 , there will be a gap of at least £8billion in its annual budget . only last month it stopped providing funding for 19 life-extending cancer treatments because there was not enough money to pay for all the patients who needed them . the nhs has also been forced to ration many routine treatments which are considered to be non-urgent , such as hip and knee replacements and cataract operations . dr anita sharma , a senior gp in oldham , greater manchester , said patients come into her surgery every week wanting prescriptions for head lice shampoo , which can be bought for £5 from the chemist . ‘ we need to take a different approach to prescribing , ’ she said . ‘ primary care must focus on ensuring the use of the right medicine , for the right patient and at the right dose . ‘ this does not mean a script for every ill. we certainly can not afford to waste nhs money [ on what ] can be bought over the counter . ’ jonathan isaby , of the taxpayers’ alliance , said : ‘ the vast majority of hard-pressed families have to pay for their own everyday essentials , and taxpayers will be furious if others are gaming the system . ' we must tighten up the rules on these giveaways and give gps more flexibility , ensuring that only those who really need them receive them . ’ critics have branded the prescriptions for regular bathroom cabinet items such as vaseline , calpol , suncream , toothpaste and multi-vitamins as ' ludicrous ' at time of financial crisis for the nhs ( file picture ) . the mail analysed figures from the hscic’s prescription cost analysis , an audit of all drugs handed out on the nhs by gps , nurses and pharmacists . in england , most patients are charged a fee of £8.20 for each prescription . but certain groups can get them for free , including the under-16s , the over-60s , pregnant women or new mothers and adults on benefits . some patients eligible for free prescriptions have been swapping tips on how to get them for calpol and gaviscon on the moneysavingexpert and mumsnet websites . and in 2012 , a gp from glasgow , scotland , described how patients were coming into his surgery with ‘ shopping lists’ of items including nappy rash cream and moisturisers . dr richard vautrey , of the british medical association’s gps committee , said : ‘ gps have a duty to prescribe where there is clinical need . ‘ what we don’t want to see is anyone abusing the system . the whole prescribing system needs to be looked at . ’ the figures revealed that 1.1billion prescriptions were written in 2014 – more than 2,000 a minute and a rise of 3 per cent compared to the previous year . a spokesman for nhs england said : ‘ gps are responsible for only issuing appropriate prescriptions to their patients , and these figures underline the importance of ensuring that’s what happens everywhere . ’