this is the moment a man who refused to comply with security staff at a toronto airport was tasered and brought to the ground . the man , believed to be mentally disturbed , was caught on video at pearson international airport in ontario trying to enter a restricted area but refusing to abide by security protocol . police in canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a turkish airlines flight and was then tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway . in the video , the man mumbles and stares ahead while the laser-guided sight of a police taser is clearly visible on his t-shirt . while most sound is muffles a loud cry of pain can clearly be heard when the man is tasered . he stands for a number of seconds , shaking visibly , before he is brought to the ground by police at the scene . he was carrying a black briefcase which he can clearly be seen holding on to tightly with both hands when he was hit . the man would not respond to officials’ attempts to talk to him , cbc news reported . the video , which was captured by bystander , appears to show the man mumbling and staring ahead , the laser guided sight of a police taser is clearly visible on his white t-shirt . most sound from the incident seems to be muffled because it is filmed from behind a glass window . however a loud cry can clearly be heard the moment the man is tasered . he stands , visibly shaking , for a number of seconds before police help to the ground . the man , who has not been identified , is then handcuffed as onlookers are asked to move on by airport staff . he was carrying a black briefcase and can clearly be seen holding on to it when he was hit by the taser . the man , who has not been identified , is then handcuffed as onlookers are asked to move on by airport staff . a spokesman for peel regional police , george tudos , was quoted as saying the man was believed to be in his 20s and had not sustained any serious injuries . he explained non-lethal force was used after the man did not communicate . the safety of the man himself as well as the officers was taken into consideration , tudos said . also taken into account was what the man was capable of , what he might have in his possession and what his intentions were , the spokesman said . the man was transferred to a nearby hospital after being detained under canada’s mental health act . it is not clear whether authorities will be seeking criminal charges against him . it is not clear whether authorities will be seeking criminal charges against him after the passenger was detained under canada’s mental health act .