apple inc has approached more than a dozen musicians , including british band florence and the machine , in an effort to sign exclusive deals for some of their music to be streamed on beats , according to a new report . the company is in talks with florence and the machine to give apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in june , bloomberg said . apple has also approached taylor swift and others about partnerships , the report said . beats-ing the competition ? apple inc has approached more than a dozen musicians , including taylor swift and british band florence and the machine in an effort to sign exclusive deals for some of their music to be streamed on beats . apple declined to comment . beats music will be re-launched in coming months . there will be a $ 9.99-a-month subscription for individuals and a family plan for $ 14.99 , according to sources , bloomberg said . apple bought audio equipment and music streaming company beats for about $ 3 billion in may 2014 , hoping to catch up in fast-growing music streaming industry . music streaming service tidal , launched last month by rapper jay z , is also trying to convince artists to sign exclusive deals for their content , to fend off competition from services such as spotify and google inc 's youtube . competitors : the jay z-backed beats competitor tidal has a slew of big name co-owners including madonna , nicki minaj and rihanna . here , beyonce and madonna attend the tidal launch in new york march 30 . tidal is n't new , but it 's getting a reboot from rapper jay-z , who bought the scandinavian company behind it , aspiro . madonna , rihanna and beyonce are among the co-owners . that 's notable because many artists complain about how little payment they get from other music services , such as spotify . as owners , artists could insist on better deals . the membership-based service will provide music and video content that users can stream on computers , tablets and smartphones or listen to offline . it is being offered at two price points : $ 10 for standard sound quality and $ 20 for ' lossless high fidelity sound quality . ' spotify . one of the most popular music services , with 60 million active users worldwide , and a quarter of them paying subscribers . just this week , spotify launched an app on sony 's playstation game console . the two companies worked closely to make listening seamless , so music can be heard in the background while playing games , without losing the game 's sound effects , for instance . spotify offers unlimited listening and internet radio . it 's free with ads ; on mobile devices , users are limited to internet radio and ca n't choose songs . paying $ 10 a month gets you an ad-free premium service that offers song selection and offline playback on mobile devices . pandora . offers internet radio only . more than 81 million active listeners . free with ads , or pay $ 5 a month for an ad-free premium service and higher-quality audio over web browsers . tidal . unlimited listening . among the few services offering high-fidelity songs , which many audiophiles prefer over mp3s and other formats that reduce quality in the compression process . offers music video and curated playlists from experts . $ 10 a month for standard sound quality and $ 20 for high fidelity . there 's no free offering . apple . pay per song to download and own forever through itunes . free internet radio through itunes radio on apple devices . also owns beats music , which offers unlimited listening for $ 10 a month , with no free version . beats touts its playlists and other recommendations curated by experts , not computers . google . pay per song through google play . google play music service offers unlimited listening for $ 10 a month , with no free option . google also offers youtube music key for selected music videos , free of ads , for $ 10 . paying for one gets you the other , too . amazon . pay-per-song offering . amazon 's $ 99-a-year prime membership comes with unlimited listening , though the song selection is n't as broad as what rivals offer . samsung 's milk music . offers free internet radio like pandora and others , but tries to make it easier to find music to match your mood . instead of typing in songs or artists to find matching stations , you spin an on-screen wheel to go through various genres until you land on something you like . initially exclusive to samsung tvs and mobile devices , there 's now a web player for personal computers . source : ap .   