the tories are inching ahead of labour as nigel farage starts to peel off ed miliband’s supporters . and english voters are so alarmed by the prospect of being ruled by nicola sturgeon with miliband in her pocket that they would prefer to get rid of her – and scotland – by giving the country independence after all . these are among the remarkable findings of a survation poll for the mail on sunday which illustrates growing fears about the result of the most closely fought election for decades . a survation poll for the mail on sunday has shown a swing towards the tories against miliband 's labour party . fear of nicola sturgeon , pictured , among labour voters in england is pushing them towards nigel farage . david cameron , pictured , has surged ahead by three points in the polls going into the final stage of the election . the poll suggests david cameron is pulling ahead of labour . the conservatives are on 33 points , followed by labour on 30 , ukip 18 and the lib dems 9 – the third survation poll in a row to show a lead for the tories . intriguingly , there are signs that labour , and not the tories , is at risk from farage’s ukip . in the past three weeks , ukip support has risen by five points , with a corresponding four-point fall in backing for labour . furthermore , the tories could benefit from ukip voters returning to them as a result of the ‘ red ed and nicola the nat’ factor . asked if they would consider voting conservative to stop a miliband-sturgeon alliance running the country , nearly two in five ukip supporters said yes , against one in two who said no . the new trends coincide with the huge impact of scottish nationalist leader sturgeon on the campaign since the tv debates , in which she repeatedly squared up to miliband . the poll offers cameron hope that more ukip supporters may be provoked into returning to the tories as a result of the sturgeon threat . the dip in miliband’s popularity appears to reflect the belief that if he relied on sturgeon to get his legislation approved by parliament , she would hold the whip hand – even though her party would have only a fraction of the number of labour mps . more than half of those polled think sturgeon would have the upper hand over miliband , with fewer than three in ten saying the labour leader would call the shots . the latest poll expressed concern over the possible influence nicola sturgeon would have over ed miliband . the poll also highlights the growing resentment among english voters at the thought of scottish nationalist mps shaping laws in england on issues such as schools and hospitals , even though english mps have no such power over these matters in scotland . a third said that if the election produced a miliband-sturgeon pact to run britain , they would regard the result as ‘illegitimate’ . that bears out the stark warning made by home secretary theresa may today of the danger of a backlash by english voters if the snp is involved in the government of the uk . a total of 37 per cent of those polled said they would regard such a result as legitimate . according to the poll , english people may decide they would rather scotland was given independence than be ruled by left-wing scottish nationalists in harness with labour . in the event of miliband and sturgeon forming some kind of ruling pact , more than 40 per cent said they would prefer scotland to be independent . a third disagreed . in effect , it could lead to england and wales declaring independence from scotland in a reversal of last year’s referendum , when the scots voted to stay in the uk . the poll leaves no room for doubt where voters think sturgeon’s heart lies . nearly three in four say she cares more about scottish independence than whether the uk economy is doing will . fewer than one in eight disagree . the survey also contains more evidence of cameron’s personal ratings lead over miliband . by a margin of nearly two to one , the public believes miliband’s claim that the prime minister was to blame for the deaths of nearly 1,000 migrants from libya in the mediterranean showed that the labour leader was ‘ unfit to be pm’ . the survey also indicates the conservatives are winning the key economic arguments . voters believe that if the tories win the general election on may 7 , the economy is more likely to grow over the next five years ; taxes and unemployment will be lower ; the country will be safer ; welfare abuse will be curbed and people will be generally better off . labour won on two counts : better schools and hospitals and fewer food banks . 