the scene in the old government house hotel could not be further removed from the horrors of war . there is a soft swell of conversation as afternoon tea is served , a clink of cutlery on crockery , the discreet burble of tea being poured into china cups . somewhere outside , the clouds part and light floods the lounge . i reach for another scone , ladle on a hearty dose of jam and cream , and marvel that , in this context , 70 years seems an eternity . rewind those seven decades and guernsey 's only five-star hotel – pitched on the hillside above the harbour in the capital st peter port – would have been home to a decidedly less relaxed atmosphere . seventy years on : st peter port in guernsey is one of the key locations for the heritage festival . during the german occupation of the channel islands ( 30 june 1940 to 9 may 1945 ) , this stately retreat was commandeered as the general staff headquarters . invading officers would have stalked its corridors . by april 1945 , they would have been wearing sour expressions as the tide of conflict turned back on berlin , and the channel islands – bypassed by the d-day fightback of ten months earlier - awaited their salvation . that eventual liberation is being celebrated again this month – and with gusto . the ongoing channel islands heritage festival ( 3 april–11 may ) is a five-week hurrah of history , parades , concerts and food that will unite most of the archipelago – guernsey , alderney , jersey , herm and sark . this is no small feat . fiercely individual , the islands have never before combined to stage a big event . but here they have common cause . liberation day itself will turn st peter port and jersey 's capital st helier into swirls of people and music . it is not difficult to find traces of guernsey 's harrowing half-decade . the occupation lingers in the old german fortifications that litter the coastline – the swarthy , sinister tower of fort saumarez which rears up on the west coast ; the similarly menacing fort hommet in the north . intrigued , i stroll into the stiff winds which burst up from the sea to walk around the hard muscle of pleinmont tower , on the south-west shore . it is an oddly unnerving experience , the pillar-box slots in the bastion 's sides eyeing me quietly . when i face the water , i almost expect to feel the chill metal of a machine-gun barrel on my neck . coastal curves : guernsey 's dramatic shoreline includes the wide expanse of portelet bay . you can go further into guernsey 's wartime heritage . what appears to be a car park behind la colinette hotel on the western outskirts of st peter port reveals itself as the hub of enemy communications in the channel islands . hidden down a damp flight of stairs , the former german naval signals headquarters is all but invisible unless you know it is there . this , of course , was the point . its unremarkable door gives onto a vast underground space which once hummed with radio chatter , semaphore murmur and serious conversation . german signs and instructions are still daubed onto the walls . the bunker will be open to the public as part of the festival – its secrets brought into the light . the german occupation museum at les houards offers further perspective , flitting from frivolity to fear – on one hand the photo album of freda oliver , a local girl who dated ( and married ) a german officer ; on the other , exhibits on the inevitable fate of the island 's jewish population , and copies of the guernsey evening press turned to propaganda sheet . the darkness of life under nazi rule is most obvious at the german military underground hospital , at la vassalerie . this enormous labyrinth was carved out by the slave-labour sweat of prisoners of war – plenty of whom died in the process . as did many of the injured german troops brought here from france after the d-day landings . with its dank passages and horror-film ambience , the hospital is the definition of an unhappy building . an island guardian : mont orgueil castle has protected the east coast of jersey since the 13th century . the picture is replicated 27 miles to the south-east . jersey is a short hop from guernsey – around an hour by fast ferry , less by air . here , the jersey war tunnels – another military-medical complex – have been restored into something less frightening , with museum displays and fascinating facts slotted into the long tunnels . the side-effects of occupation can be seen here – the breakdown of society apparent in transcripts of letters where neighbours informed on each other about hidden radios and petty jealousies . but so can the joy that liberation brought . glorious video footage shows euphoria in st helier as the news of german surrender broke ; the union jack being hoisted at the pomme d'or hotel . the hotel came to symbolise the channel islands ' moment of deliverance . in a way , it still does , peering across what is now called liberation square , where a tall bronze sculpture captures seven people in the act of raising the flag – laughing , as if they are flying a kite . other echoes resound across st helier . the jersey museum and art gallery has a catalogue of copies of the jersey evening post dating back 125 years , its photos recalling the war era in day-by-day detail ( albeit through a fog of strict german control ) . the nearby maritime museum proffers the occupation tapestry gallery – a montage of bright images , stitched by islanders for the 50th anniversary of liberation in 1995 , which depict jersey brought to heel – armed troops in the streets , the island hemmed in by a ragged circle of fire . and the jersey archive is host to a remarkable resource – over 30,000 of the occupation registration cards which were forced on islanders by the nazi authorities . there are no smiles here – just a series of furrowed brows and unhappy faces . bright days ahead : a view of the pretty coastal enclave of gorey from the ramparts of mont orgueil castle . the heaviness of the german bootprint is perhaps summed up by battery lothringen – a concrete watchdog which looks like it might still bite . this colossal bunker – which will also be accessible during the festival – ' protected ' st helier from the far side of st aubin 's bay . the stairs into its depths seem to go down forever , to gun posts , control rooms and sleeping quarters – the decades peeling away as i walk in the firm footsteps of the enemy . and yet , just seven miles north-west , it all feels like a bad dream . st brelade 's bay hotel gazes at the water in a rather more benign manner . in the summer of 1940 , it was another german outpost , requisitioned as a hang-out by luftwaffe pilots . it is not difficult to grasp why it was coveted . over breakfast , i peer out of the wide restaurant windows – at waves rolling gently up to the beach , and at st brelade 's , a pretty block of an 11th century church whose graveyard hovers above the sand . there is no stomp of marching boots this morning – but for five weeks , the channel islands are remembering a time when there was . aurigny ( 01481 822 886 ; www.aurigny.com ) and flybe ( 0371 700 2000 ; www.flybe.com ) serve guernsey from various uk airports . british airways ( 0844 493 0758 ; www.ba.com ) and easyjet ( 0843 104 5000 ; www.easyjet.com ) fly to jersey . double rooms at the old government house hotel ( 01481 724 921 ; www.theoghhotel.com ) cost from £188 , including breakfast . doubles at st brelade 's bay hotel ( 01534 746 141 ; www.stbreladesbayhotel.com ) start at £140 , with breakfast . channel islands heritage festival : www.visitchannelislands.com/heritagefestival . guernsey tourist information : www.visitguernsey.com . jersey tourist information : www.jersey.com . 