items on sale in poundland are sometimes up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets , new research has shown . the budget retailer last week announced that sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year becoming europe 's largest single-price discount retailer . the company 's success has been put down to shoppers hunting bargains and taking sales away from britain 's four big supermarkets , asda , tesco , sainsburys and morrisons . scroll down for video . new research has found that certain items on sale at poundland , pictured , are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets . but according to research in the sunday times , shoppers in poundland are being charged more per unit of certain products compared with bigger retailers . the research points out that at poundland shoppers can buy a 250g box of kellogs cornflakes for £1 , while at tesco they can buy a 750g box of the cereal for the same price . a bag of galaxy minstrels with a weight of 105g also costs £1 in the shop but a bigger bag at at 153g can be purchased in asda for 98p . equally two pints of mile cost £1 in poundland , but shoppers can get four pints in asda for 89p . also a pack of six tunnocks tea cakes is 81p in tesco , compared to £1 in the budget brand . originally founded by entrepreneur steve smith in 1990 , the company snowballed from a small private enterprise into a high street revolution , which involves buying up unwanted stock and end-of-lines , then swiftly getting them into the shops to sell cheaply . however , the research does point out that there are still many products cheaper at poundland compared to other supermarkets . these include a fray bentos steak and kidney pie , which is £2.20 in sainsbury 's and a 24 pack of jaffa cakes , which are £2.29 in tesco . however , a spokesman for poundland told the newspaper : ' we conduct price surveys every two weeks against the supermarkets and we believe we are 40 % cheaper or more against 1,000 branded products . comparing either supermarket promotions or larger pack sizes with our prices is not a meaningful comparison . poundland has snowballed from a small private enterprise into a high street revolution , which involves buying up unwanted stock and end-of-lines ( file picture ) . ' promotions are temporary and with larger pack sizes you have to spend much more to get any better value . on a like-for-like comparison poundland’s value , across our whole range , is compelling . ' the company 's discounting strategy has since been adopted by bargain chains such as aldi and lidl , all of which have eaten into a market once dominated by the supermarket chains such as waitrose , tesco and sainsbury 's . back then , shoppers were beginning to desert the high street for superstores , but mr smith and his poundland chain - which he sold in 2000 for £50million - were a lifeline that helped keep it afloat . poundland said it had opened 60 new stores in the uk and ireland and had a strong pipeline of openings for the new year . meanwhile the retailer warned on friday it may walk away from its planned £55 million acquisition of rival 99p stores rather than be subject to a lengthy probe by the uk competition watchdog . britain 's competition and markets authority ( cma ) said last week the agreed deal could result in a substantial lessening of competition and would be subject to a further investigation in the absense of undertakings , such as selling some stores . the company said in a statement : ' poundland has decided not to offer remedies to the cma ' , adding it had written to the regulator to request a phase ii review be suspended for three weeks . such a review could take as long as six months . 