one minnesota reporter made news herself on wednesday when her boyfriend popped the question to her while she was live on-air . following a segment on wedding costs that touched on the price of engagement rings , wcco this morning reporter ashley roberts ' boyfriend , justin mccray , surprised her with an engagement ring of her own . and it was a good news day for everyone involved — ashley said yes . scroll down for video . she said yes ! reporter ashley roberts was surprised on air during minnesota 's this morning show by a proposal from her boyfriend justin mccray ( pictured together ) . romantic plan : ashley 's co-workers helped arrange for her boyfriend to come out after an on-air discussion about engagement rings . to her surprise , it seems ashley 's this morning co-workers were in on the plan all along ; while wrapping up the wedding segment , anchor jason derush noted that men spend an average of $ 5,855 on the engagement ring . ' guys are under a lot of pressure to treat the woman to a nice big rock , ' ashley , who is originally from florida , responded . the anchors then introduced a ' fashion expert ' to talk more about rings — but the expert turned out to be none other than ashley 's boyfriend justin . surprise appearance : ashley was nearly speechless upon seeing her boyfriend , repeating ' oh my god , oh my god ' while justin knelt down in front of her . ' i want to spend the rest of my life with you , ' justin told her , before getting down on one knee and presenting her with a ring . ' now jason , ' he added , turning to the show 's anchor , ' you were talking about [ the cost of ] rings , and i promise you — a brother pretty broke . ' luckily , ashley seemed far from disappointed with her rock ; the reporter repeated ' oh my god , oh my god ' before flashing her new ring for her co-workers , exclaiming : ' i 'm engaged ! ' happy ending : she can be seen in the video excitedly telling her co-workers ' i 'm engaged ! ' before the camera cut away , ashley realized the whole wedding piece was for her benefit , asking : ' so wait , is this why we 're doing the wedding segment ? ' not that she minded doing the work . ' best surprise of my life , ' she wrote on twitter later that day . ' i get to spend the rest of my life with my best friend . '