nico rosberg and lewis hamilton have n't always seen eye-to-eye in the past 12 months but the pair appeared to be singing from the same hymn sheet on thursday . fresh from being beaten by ferrari driver sebastian vettel at the malaysian grand prix on march 29 , the mercedes team-mates have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse does n't gallop to victory at the next race in china . the duo attended mercedes ' brackley base in the hope to find a winning formula come race weekend in shanghai on april 10-12 . nico rosberg ( left ) and lewis hamilton visited mercedes ' brackley base on thursday . sebastian vettel celebrates emerging victorious at the malaysian grand prix with ferrari on march 29 . vettel ( right ) finished 8.5 seconds ahead of hamilton and 12.5 seconds ahead of nico rosberg ( left ) . accompanied with the caption : ' good team factory visit today . coming up with a plan to beat the red cars in shanghai ! @ mercedesamgf1 @ lewishamilton , ' rosberg took to twitter to upload a picture of he and hamilton on a flight back from brackley . speaking after the race in malaysia , mercedes motorsport boss toto wolff conceded that he was a worried man following the manner of vettel 's victory . suggestions of another season of mercedes domination in the wake of a comfortable one-two in the season-opening race in australia were blown apart by ferrari and vettel . the four-time world champion beat hamilton by 8.5 seconds , with team-mate nico rosberg a further four seconds adrift in third . mercedes boss toto wolff ( right ) was surprised by sebastian vettel 's malaysian grand prix victory . wolff admitted that the german driver deserved to win and ferrari got their tactics spot-on in the soaring heat . despite searing heat of more than 30 degrees , vettel 's ferrari was kinder on its tyres , stopping just twice compared to three for both hamilton and rosberg . and afterwards wolff admitted : ' we were pretty sure the three-stop strategy would work for us . ' we probably went a bit too aggressive on set-up , which pushed us into a direction of a three-stop . ' but in the circumstances , with the high temperatures , they were able to go at a faster pace over long runs than us . ' we need to analyse why that was the case , and it clearly shows it 's not going to be an easy one . ' it is clear they won the race , which is worrying . it would n't be right to say we lost it . ' hamilton ( pictured ) had to pit three times in the race compared to vettel 's two - in what proved a key factor .