the pillars of creation are one of the most iconic images ever to be captured by the hubble space telescope . now , astronomers have produced the first complete three-dimensional view of these beautiful columns of interstellar gas and dust . the image , together with data collected by nasa , suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away - a relatively short time in cosmic terms . scroll down for video . the new observations , taken by the european space agency , reveal many new details — including a previously unseen jet from a young star . the original hubble space telescope image of the famous pillars of creation was taken two decades ago and immediately became one of its most famous and evocative pictures . the jutting structures , along with the nearby star cluster , ngc 6611 , are parts of a star formation region called the eagle nebula , also known as messier 16 or m16 . the nebula and its associated objects are located about 7000 light-years away in the constellation of serpens ( the serpent ) . located in the eagle nebula , messier 16 , researchers used the muse instrument on eso 's very large telescope ( vlt ) create the 3d view . the new study reports fresh evidence for two gestating stars in the left and middle pillars as well as a jet from a young star that had escaped attention up to now . for more stars to form in environments like the pillars of creation , it is a race against time as intense radiation from the powerful stars that are already shining continues to grind away at the pillars . by measuring the pillars of creation 's rate of evaporation , muse has given astronomers a time frame for when the pillars will be no more . they shed about 70 times the mass of the sun every million years or so . based on the their present mass of about 200 times that of the sun , the pillars of creation have an expected lifetime of perhaps three million more years . some scientists have put forward the theory that the pillars of creation were already killed by a neighboring supernova some 6,000 years ago . if this is the case , astronomers on earth won’t know for another 1,000 years , when the light from the descruction reaches our planet . ' the original nasa/esa hubble space telescope image of the famous pillars of creation was taken two decades ago and immediately became one of its most famous and evocative pictures , ' said esa . ' this view shows how the muse instrument on eso 's very large telescope has created a three-dimensional view of the iconic pillars of creation in the star-forming region messier 16 . each pixel in the data corresponds to a spectrum . the ' slices ' of data correspond to some of the different chemical elements present . ' since then , these billowing clouds , which extend over a few light-years , have awed scientists and the public alike . ' the jutting structures , along with the nearby star cluster , ngc 6611 , are parts of a star formation region called the eagle nebula , also known as messier 16 or m16 . the nebula and its associated objects are located about 7000 light-years away in the constellation of serpens ( the serpent ) . the pillars of creation are a classic example of the column-like shapes that develop in the giant clouds of gas and dust that are the birthplaces of new stars . the columns arise when immense , freshly formed blue–white o and b stars give off intense ultraviolet radiation and stellar winds that blow away less dense materials from their vicinity . denser pockets of gas and dust , however , can resist this erosion for longer . behind such thicker dust pockets , material is shielded from the harsh , withering glare of o and b stars . the original nasa/esa hubble space telescope image of the famous pillars of creation was taken two decades ago . this shielding creates dark ' tails ' or ' elephant trunks ' , which we see as the dusky body of a pillar , that point away from the brilliant stars . eso 's muse instrument on the very large telescope has now helped illustrate the ongoing evaporation of the pillars of creation in unprecedented detail , revealing their orientation . muse has shown that the tip of the left pillar is facing us , atop a pillar that is is actually situated behind ngc 6611 , unlike the other pillars . this tip is bearing the brunt of the radiation from ngc 6611 's stars , and as a result looks brighter to our eyes than the bottom left , middle and right pillars , whose tips are all pointed away from our view . astronomers hope to better understand how young o and b stars like those in ngc 6611 influence the formation of subsequent stars . a colour composite of the eagle nebula ( m 16 ) , where the pillars of creation are located . the nebula and its associated objects are located about 7000 light-years away in the constellation of serpens ( the serpent ) .