when asma fahmi took her ill mother to a matinee screening of les miserables in sydney , the last thing she expected was a violent racial attack on her and her family in broad daylight . this 34-year-old has spoken about the horrific attack by three men who pelted hard boiled eggs at them as they walked to their car in the late afternoon last saturday . ' they were basically throwing missiles at us , ' asma told daily mail australia . asma fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony . the 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads . her mother suffers from bells palsy , among other health ailments and finds it difficult to leave the house due to her condition . ' she is also a full time carer for my grandma who has been in hospital for the past month , ' asma said . ' she 's always looking after everyone else and is extremely selfless . ' due to this , asma and her sister believed that a day out at the theatre was exactly what their mother needed . after a seeing a matinee screening of les miserables in haymarket and having a late thai lunch , asma and her family were walking to their car on the corner of castlereagh and goulburn street in the cbd when they heard yelling from an apartment overhead . ' there were three men and they were saying , ' you f***ing pakis , you f***ing pakis ' over and over , ' asma said . she noticed that the men all had british accents and thought they must be british backpackers as the term ' paki ' tends to be used as an insult in the united kingdom . this was the second time that asma has been attacked in sydney in four years . asma believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system and therefore many incidents go unreported . ' they were so ignorant they could n't even get their racism correct , ' asma said . ' my sister and i started to cheekily dance to their chanting to show that it does n't really bother us . ' it was n't until hard boiled eggs began to rain down on their heads that she became seriously concerned . asma 's immediate worry was for her sister 's brand new car , however that quickly changed when an egg flew centimetres from her head and she had to dive behind another car . ' they threw something else -it could have been a glass bottle - and it smashed into the car next to us and knocked off the side mirror , ' she said . ' we were certain these people were insane . ' asma attempted to take a photo of the men but became too fearful of her safety and jumped in the car . ' this is downtown sydney in broad daylight and it feels like a war zone , ' she said . asma 's mother cried in the car on their way home as she believed she had brought bad luck by leaving the house . this is not the first racially based attack that asma has experienced in sydney . in 2012 on her way to work , a man put his leg between hers and forced her to the ground , spitting abuse at her while she lay on the pavement . asma is pictured here with refugees in jordan , she also volunteers at the islamophobia register australia . asma came to australia when she was just four-years-old from syria , and has lived here for most of her life . ' he spat his words out with so much anger and called me a 'f***king terrorist , ' she said . ' the worst part was that there were so many witnesses who did nothing and did n't even ask me if i was ok . ' asma walked into the state government building where she worked after the attack , with some of the witnesses even getting into the elevator with her while remaining silent . she came to australia from syria with her family when she was just four years old and has resided in sydney for most of her life . she now volunteers at the islamophobia register australia typing up incident reports and has found that a lot of the victims of racial abuse are women . she said that many of the victims have no faith in the legal system . ' people do n't really know what to do an what the next step is , ' she said . although asma had memorised the apartment the men were in and their general appearance , she has not yet heard back from the police . ' unfortunately i had to go through a terrible experience but the well-wishers have reminded me there are more good people in the world than bad , ' she said .    