lord janner , pictured , is alleged to have sexually assaulted young men in the 1970s and 1980s in children 's homes in leicestershire . his alleged victims could bring civil claims against him . lord greville janner - the labour peer accused of molesting young boys in the 1970s and 1980s - could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia as part of civil claims brought by his alleged victims , a lawyer has said . the family of the 86-year-old politician has been told he will not face child abuse charges because of his memory problems , but he could still face civil action from complainants . legal firm slater & gordon are representing several people looking to take private action against lord janner , with police having identified 25 people who say the labour peer attacked them . each could claim up to £100,000 . lord janner has been accused of preying on young boys at three leicester care homes between 1969 and 1989 , with prosecutors arguing there is ' overwhelming ' cause to charge the former mp with 22 sex attacks on nine victims - the youngest aged just 10 at the time . richard scorer , head of the abuse team at slater & gordon , told jamie doward at the observer newspaper that they were investigating the prospect of having lord janner examined by third-party expert witnesses . ' i have certainly dealt with civil claims before where the alleged abuser has claimed to have dementia and we have been able to have them medically examined in relation to that , ' he said . ' it is something we could consider doing . it would depend on the detailed evidence that is available about his medical condition but , potentially , there is provision in the civil law for us to do that . ' the director of public prosecutions alison saunder when she decided not to pursue the charges of historic sex abuse . she said there was ' no public interest ' in prosecuting lord janner because of his dementia , adding that his illness made him unfit to plead - amid accusations of a 45-year cover-up over his alleged actions . scroll down for video . prosecutors say there is substantial cause to charge lord janner with 22 charges of sexual assault on nine victims , but the director for public prosecutions sad the extent of his dementia made him unfit to face trial . lord janner with the queen in 2003 . in the same month his westminster office was raiding by police the deeds to his £2million house were transferred to his children . lawyers are questioning the extent of his dementia . ms saunder admitted that lord janner should have been prosecuted on three separate occasions - in 1991 , 2002 and 2007 , but botched investigations each time meant he escaped a prosecution . the cps has been accused of double standards , after a mailonline investigation revealed that at least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010 , including 10 in the last year . lord janner voted in the house of lord 210 times between his alzheimer 's diagnosis and the end of 2013 , leading some to suggest he could have been prosecuted if authorities had acted sooner . his alleged victims will be seeking compensation if evidence of wrongdoing is uncovered . the family of lord janner say he is innocent . however , this has been made more difficult since lord janner transferred ownership of his hampstead heath flat , estimated to be worth around £2million , in march 2014 . the transfer took place in the same month that police raided the politician 's office in westminster . director of public prosecutions alison saunders has come under fire for refusing to prosecute lord janner after saying his dementia would make him unfit to plead - admitting he should have been prosecuted before . slater & gordon represents 168 of jimmy savile 's victims and 10 of former liberal mp for rochdale cyril smith . mr scorer said he believes it is ' outrageous ' that allegations of sex abuse are only being investigated now , adding that the transfer of lord janner 's assets would not put off the clients from pursuing legal actions . ' the question i would ask is : if he actually has dementia , on what basis does he have the capacity to transfer ownership of assets ? ' he said . there appears to be a contradiction between saying on the one hand that ' he has dementia ' and on the other that he has been able to effect a transfer of assets . ' if there 's evidence that the transaction has been done to avoid potential creditors that is something we could challenge . ' 