' there 's no cafetiere and there 's no corkscrew ! ' listening to my husband dominic 's rant minutes into our family eurocamp adventure i was reminded that i 'm not married to bear grylls . but his gripes were soon drowned out by the whoops of delight from our two young boys as they bounced on the beds… ' bunk beds ! in a tent ! ' - their tiny heads about to explode in excitement . a full-blown corkscrew crisis was quickly averted as we befriended our better-equipped neighbours and , once the wine was flowing , we were able to take in our surroundings . jake and seb ready for their cave adventure . it 's not advertised as ' glamping ' but with big duvets and brass beds , eurocamp 's safari tents are more luxurious than an average stay under canvas . everything is in situ , so no worrying about whether you 've forgotten your tent pegs or frying pan… you just bring yourselves , clothes and food ( and in our case , a lot of local wine ) . we visited l'ardéchoise site in the stunning ardèche region in south central france at the end of august . about an hour-and-half 's drive from the beaches of the south and montpellier airport , it 's known as the gastronomic centre of france . l'ardéchoise is a quiet , well-established , family friendly site nestled on the banks of the picturesque ardeche river . for us , entertaining our boys jake , six , and seb , four , is the number one priority on holiday - that and escaping the chaos that is our life in london . this site is a five-star park - at the top end of what 's on offer in france . with four pools and a camp ' animateur ' organising activities for little ones , it did n't disappoint . the big hit for our boys was the pool complex - it included a waterfall and ' rapids ' section that kept them amused for hours . the other attraction was other children 's toys , and we spent a great deal of our time returning them to our neighbours ' tents to preserve community relations and other parents ' sanity . the campsite has immaculate facilities . there are plentiful and clean showers , family washing areas , waist-high baby baths and even a dog shower area . most important of all , the site felt safe and relaxed . most parents let their children scoot and cycle around on their own and the little ones loved the freedom . the region is famous for having the world 's oldest cave paintings at chauvet-pont-d'arc . for me , getting away from work does n't mean switching off from the news entirely , and with wi-fi availa-ble across the site and daily english papers , i kept up to date from the comfort of my sunlounger . jane and her boys were excited when they discovered their tent came with bunk beds . the eurocamp safari tents are well equipped ( although cafetieres are no longer provided ) , with adequate cooking facilities , gas barbecues and fridge freezers . fans and heaters are also provided - which proved useful one chilly evening . there were some jokers on site who referred to our area as the un enclave , due to the beige ' refugee camp ' appearance of our tents . the brown canvas combined with overhanging trees means they are a little gloomy inside . we were also closer to our neighbours than we would have liked ( less than 6ft to one side ) , useful for corkscrews… less so for privacy . that said , we did n't spend that much time in the tent as there is so much to do . kayaking on the ardèche is the number one tourist attraction ( lower age limit seven ) . the 20-mile gorge that winds through limestone cliffs is a national nature reserve . my husband and i took turns to brave the rapids that lead you under the awe-inspiring pont'arc - a natural arch more than 180ft high . this region is also famous for the world 's oldest cave paintings at chauvet-pont-d'arc and there are hundreds of underground grottos . our boys were captivated by the prospect of caving . reared on a diet of enid blyton , they were concerned about 'smugglers'… but once their hard hats were on they were up for it . we visited aven-grotte la forestière , which is one of the smaller caves in the region but no less spectacular than the big attractions . the nearby village of labeaume was also a big hit . clinging to the edge of the gorge , troglodyte dwellings are still in use today and narrow staircases spiral through maze-like alleyways . with four pools and a camp ' animateur ' organising activities for little ones , the park did n't disappoint . the campsite has immaculate facilities and feels safe and relaxed so it 's perfect for families . at the end of a long day 's sightseeing a surprisingly good restaurant on site made life easy on the days we did n't fancy cooking . the evening entertainment was also a bonus . we met many families at l'ardéchoise who had returned from previous years . for us , duvets and brass beds did n't make up for the fact that we were just a layer of canvas away from another frazzled family , but this was a holiday for the kids . they had a blast and collapsed into their bunks exhausted every night . we managed to get a bit of down time which , as anyone with a four- and six-year-old will tell you , is the best you can hope for . just do n't forget your corkscrew ! jayne secker presents sky news from 9am to noon on weekdays , and week in review at 8.30pm on fridays . the nearby village of labeaume clings to the edge of the gorge and troglodyte dwellings are still in use . thinking of a sunny break in the mediterranean this year ? here 's our choice of enticing ideas , with suggestions for couples and families . the five-star fortina spa resort , on the waterfront in sliema , is adults only for most of the year . cultural malta . megalithic temples , the labyrinthine former island capital of mdina , the knights of st johns ' fortified city of valletta , museums dedicated to the island 's role in the second world war ... malta packs in fascinating historical sights . an ideal base for couples is the fortina spa resort , on the waterfront in sliema . the five-star hotel is adults only for most of the year . packages to the fortina spa resort and many other hotels with malta specialist chevron ( 0800 640 9011 ) . magnificent majorca . puerto pollensa , with its pine-shaded promenade , long sandy beach and fine views over the bay to craggy promontories , is the island 's most attractive and easy-going full-scale resort . thomson ( 0871 230 2555 ) offers packages to hotels in puerto pollensa , and villas with pools around pollensa . beached in sardinia . along its 1,000-mile shore you 'll find everything from vast sandy strands backed by mountainous dunes in the south , to splash-of-yellow coves set amid giant pink granite rocks in the north east . the most characterful resort is alghero , a historic town of peeling stucco and medieval walls in the north west , with fine beaches nearby . sardinian places ( 0845 330 2049 ) has family-friendly self-catering in the area . outside sardinia 's season ( june-september ) , the resorts are very quiet , but in august they heave with italian mammas , papas and bambini . villa time in corfu . the coastline of north-eastern corfu , from nissaki to kassiopi , is one of the most enticing you 'll find in greece , and agios stefanos . sardinia heaves with italian mammas , papas and bambini during the peak period in august . is particularly attractive . this is upmarket holiday territory , beloved by well-to-do brits . most stay in one of villas dotting the hillsides : cv villas ( 020 7563 7901 ) has a choice of rentals . dalmatian cruising . with 1,200 islands , croatia is ideal for islandhopping . explore ( 01252 883854 ) runs small-group dalmatian island cruise journeys . travelling in a traditional wooden motor boat , you stop off at pinescented islands such as vis , korcula , hvar and brac . from £1,247pp for eight days , including flights . spring into cyprus . as one of the most southerly mediterranean islands , it 's a good bet for warmth in spring , with daytime temperatures in the mid-20s by may half-term . the most appealing resort is paphos , which is rich in history . nearby is sandy coral bay . first choice ( 0871 200 7799 ) offers packages to lots of family-oriented , all-inclusive hotels in the area . cultural malta . megalithic temples , the labyrinthine former island capital of mdina , the knights of st johns ' fortified city of valletta , museums dedicated to the island 's role in the second world war ... malta packs in fascinating historical sights . an ideal base for couples is the fortina spa resort , on the waterfront in sliema . the five-star hotel is adults only for most of the year . packages to the fortina spa resort and many other hotels with malta specialist chevron ( 0800 640 9011 ) . magnificent majorca . puerto pollensa , with its pine-shaded promenade , long sandy beach and fine views over the bay to craggy promontories , is the island 's most attractive and easy-going full-scale resort . thomson ( 0871 230 2555 ) offers packages to hotels in puerto pollensa , and villas with pools around pollensa . beached in sardinia . along its 1,000-mile shore you 'll find everything from vast sandy strands backed by mountainous dunes in the south , to splash-of-yellow coves set amid giant pink granite rocks in the north east . the most characterful resort is alghero , a historic town of peeling stucco and medieval walls in the north west , with fine beaches nearby . sardinian places ( 0845 330 2049 ) has family-friendly self-catering in the area . outside sardinia 's season ( june-september ) , the resorts are very quiet , but in august they heave with italian mammas , papas and bambini . villa time in corfu . the coastline of north-eastern corfu , from nissaki to kassiopi , is one of the most enticing you 'll find in greece , and agios stefanos .   