three former england rugby internationals on a charity expedition to the north pole continued with their trip despite the landing gear of their plane collapsing on their way out . lewis moody , danny grewcock and josh lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt . poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the russian operated camp barneo first caused an aborted landing . three former england rugby internationals - lewis moody , josh lewsey and danny grewcock - continued with their trip to the north pole despite the landing gear of their plane collapsing on their way out . the experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway . but the stars played down reports of a near miss as they celebrated a safe return from their epic endeavour to raise money for the lewis moody foundation and the royal marines charitable trust fund . moody , 36 , said : ' we did n't know anything was wrong . ' ' there were murmurs about it and instead of it being a smooth landing i think maybe they had to put the plane down a bit quicker than normal . but i was n't particularly bothered by it . ' someone left to update moody 's twitter account wrote that the rugby star had called and said the men were safe . before the accident moody reminded followers to donate and posted a picture of the plane . grewcock , 42 , said there was a jolt on impact but it was n't until the 36 passengers were getting off that the plane 's nose lifted and it sank back on its rear loading bay . the group were flying from the most northerly town in the world , longyearbyen on the svalbard archipelago , to the russian operated camp when the accident happened last week . moody , grewcock and lewsey were part of a nine-strong team including three royal marines and directors of yachting company y.co . moody ( left ) and lewsey ( right ) might be used to a pitch - but they would have found the ice floes and five-feet high ridges at the north pole a little more challenging . grewcock runs past centre jose viana of uruguay in the suncorp stadium , brisbane , in 2003 . it is hoped the expedition will raise £250,000 for the lewis moody foundation as well as the royal marines charitable trust . after the incident they were taken by helicopter to the exact latitude of 89 north before loading up their 60 kilo sleds and trekking to the pole . their journey took them across ice floes and up five-feet high ridges and they endured temperatures as cold as -50c . it is hoped the expedition will raise £250,000 for the lewis moody foundation as well as the royal marines charitable trust .