with its stuffed rhino heads and gleaming white tusks , the trophy room at sandringham was a relic of a bygone era – as well as rather embarrassing for animal welfare crusader prince william . but now the age of political correctness appears to have caught up with the queen’s norfolk estate . for every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display and replaced with what one visitor called ‘ trinkets and bric-a-brac’ . throwback : how the trophy room at sandringham used to look , complete with stuffed rhino heads . bric-a-brac : sandringham 's updated display - and even the blood-red walls have been repainted white . all 62 items – including an indian tiger , a leopard , skins and tusks – have been placed in storage . even the blood-red walls have been painted white , as if to make clear the break with the past . the drastic change was apparent when the estate reopened its doors to the public on saturday . following the winter closure , a new sign outside the sandringham museum makes pointed reference to how changing times have spelled the end for some exhibits . after explaining that the museum opened in 1928 to house george v’s collection of ‘ big game trophies’ , the message says : ‘ thankfully , due to the work of organisations like the world wide fund for nature , whose president was hrh prince philip until 1996 , this destructive era is drawing to a close – the camera having replaced the gun in recording the sightings of these magnificent animals . ’ questions were raised in december about the legality of ‘ unworked items’ – those not fundamentally changed from their natural state – dating from prior to 1947 . under a european council regulation , the uncarved ivory , stuffed lions and white rhinos all potentially broke the law as they were not on show with an official certificate . the animal and plant health agency – an arm of the department for environment , food and rural affairs – confirmed there was a ‘ potential legal question mark’ about some of the contents of the room . bygone era : the room , which featured stuffed lions , must have been embarrassing for animal welfare crusader prince william . chnging times : now every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display . the situation was particularly embarrassing for prince william , who had just denounced the illegal wildlife trade in ivory , rhino horn and endangered animal parts during a speech in washington dc . he had also previously called for the royal family’s ivory collection to be destroyed . and the royals now appear to have taken decisive action by removing the items from display – but whether their replacements are particularly interesting is another matter entirely . the new items include an ashtray used by king george v , a sandringham cycling club badge dating from 1895 and an embroidered cover of radio times that marked the wedding of prince charles and lady diana spencer . an ornate cabinet of ‘curios’ from a primary school on the estate contains dolls , jewellery made from oyster shells and a dried puffer fish . the only other creatures to be found are stuffed birds in a glass cabinet and a butterfly collection . one visitor who went along to sandringham on saturday said : ‘ every last animal head , stuffed animal or skin has gone . gone : all 62 items – including an indian tiger , a leopard , skins and tusks – have been placed in storage . ‘there’s a real mixed bag now of bizarre and random things . someone has come in and taken everything out of there , whitewashed the place and put in an entire room of trinkets and bric-a-brac . ’ a spokesman for buckingham palace said yesterday that the trophies had been put away to make room for an exhibition of paintings by members of the british , danish , greek and russian royal families . he added : ‘ changes were made to the sandringham museum during the winter closure as part of an ongoing process of updating and refreshing the displays . ’ a source said the legality of around five items had been questioned although those in charge of the collection were ‘ still sure’ they had not broken the law . 