this is the photograph circulating on social media site snapchat that is believed to show a principal watching pornography in the office of his elite private school . the picture , taken by a person who claims to be a student at geelong college , south-west of melbourne , is believed to show disgraced principal andrew barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock . in the picture taken through a window , the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen . mr barr resigned from his position at the geelong college after an investigation , which included a search of his computer , after the photograph appeared on snapchat . this is the photograph circulating on social media that is believed to show principal andrew barr watching pornography in his office at geelong college . daily mail australia contacted the school to verify the image is of mr barr but it was not willing to comment further . chairman of the geelong college council , dr hugh seward , told the geelong advertiser last week the matter was a serious breach of the school 's standards , even if the investigation found mr barr not to have broken any law . ' the matter was taken very seriously , ' dr seward said . ' just before easter , the geelong college council became aware of a matter of concern that might constitute a breach of our standards . ' ' the council immediately looked into the matter and when our concerns were confirmed , andrew barr tendered his resignation . ' mr barr resigned after a student at the geelong college took the picture of him and shared it with other students using the photosharing app , snapchat . in a statement , dr seward thanked mr barr for his contribution to the school since he joined the college in 2013 . ‘ in the two years since his appointment , mr barr has made an enduring contribution to the college’s educational vision and future planning . the council is grateful for mr barr’s commitment and achievement , ' he said . mr barr is a former chairman of the association of heads of independent schools of australia and previously served 10 years as principal of scotch oakburn college in melbourne . dr seward told the geelong advertiser the investigation confirmed mr barr had not broken any law and ' at no point ' did his actions affect the care provided to students . the geelong college council has since announced it has begun searching for a new principal . chairman of the geelong college council , dr hugh seward said the incident was a serious breach of the school 's standards .