alexis sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into the great arsenal teams of yesteryear , according to club legend frank mclintock . the chile international has been a smash hit since arriving from barcelona last summer and his 20 goals in all competitions have powered arsenal 's season . the gunners are second in the barclays premier league following an eight-match winning run and face reading on saturday in the semi-finals of the fa cup . the performances of chilean star alexis sanchez have caught the eye of arsenal legend frank mclintock . scottish defender mclintock made 403 appearances for the highbury club between 1964 and 1973 . mclintock lifts the fa cup following arsenal 's win over liverpool in 1971 , part of their double win . and mclintock , the scottish defender who made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973 , has praised his debut-season contribution . he told perform : ' i heard it said recently how many of the arsenal side would get into past arsenal sides ? ' they said probably sanchez and that 's not too far away . two or three others would come close . ' arsenal have left their good form too late to sustain a title push , with chelsea currently seven-points ahead with a game in hand . sanchez celebrates with team-mate aaron ramsey after the welshman scored their winner at burnley . sanchez celebrates scoring arsenal 's third goal against liverpool last saturday . frank mclintock was a scottish centre-half who joined arsenal for a club record £80,000 in october 1964 . he spent nine seasons at highbury , the latter part as club captain . he won the league title in 1971 , along with the fa cup , which arsenal retained 12 months later . they also tasted european success in 1970 , beating anderlecht to win the inter-cities fairs cup . in all , he played 403 matches for the club , scoring 32 goals . and mclintock believes the club need to raise their expectations ahead of the next campaign . he said : ' i think we have to be a bit better than we are . but they 're doing well , i 'm happy they 're doing well - it 's a good sign . ' i do n't want to see arsenal talking about getting top four , i ca n't believe they 're setting their standards that low . ' they should be talking about wanting to win the championship and winning our first european cup . ' i do n't want to see us talking as though getting fourth place is good enough , we should be aiming our sights much higher . ' 