emergency services were inundated with 600 calls an hour last night as revellers up and down britain drank in 2012 . paramedics were stretched to the limit and in cambridge a territorial army field hospital was set-up to deal with drunk partygoers . the london ambulance service said at the peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour which is more than three times as many as on a normal night . manchester : a man collapses on the pavement next to an ambulance as two revellers walk past eating a late night takeaway . manchester : a man is stood slumped over in a doorway as two women walk by as they celebrate the new year . as people made their way home after seeing in 2012 , city centres descended into violence as fights broke out and revellers collapsed on the pavements . ambulance crews in london had answered 2,333 calls by 4am this morning while the metropolitan police said they had made 77 arrests . staff were answering 10 calls every minute just after midnight and 55 people in the capital were taken to hospital . newcastle : happy new year ! a man is thrown into the back of a police van , head over heels , by three officers . bristol : a group of young women , including ellie tavener , 19 , celebrate the new year in bristol in the early hours of the morning . the busiest hour was between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were answered . this is more than three times the average of 180 . ambulance service call outs in london peaked at more than 600 per hour - over three times as many as in an ordinary night . the busiest hour was between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were received . midnight - 1am : 527 . 1am - 2am : 629 . 2am - 3am : 638 . 3am - 4am : 539 . however , officers said the crowds were largely good-humoured as an estimated 250,000 people packed the embankment to watch the fireworks at midnight . the majority of the arrests were for assault and being drunk and disorderly . scotland yard had 3,000 officers on duty both at street level and on podiums to give them a bird's-eye view of any troublemakers in the crowds . in the capital fireworks were launched from big ben itself for the first time at midnight to coincide with each strike of the bell . big crowds were also seen in other cities , including in edinburgh for the hogmanay street party attended by some 80,000 people . more than 20 acts were playing on seven stages ahead of the midnight fireworks display . newcastle : two young women head out as they mark the start of 2012 . collapse : one woman slumps over the steps clutching a bottle of wine . assistant director of operations john hopson , who led the service’s response on new year’s eve , said : ' demand on the service in the early hours was extremely high and a lot of that extra demand was because of alcohol-related calls . ' at the busiest point of the night , our staff were taking 638 emergency calls an hour – that’s an increase of 255per cent on what they would expect to deal with on a normal night . ' ' we had to prioritise calls to make sure the most seriously ill and injured patients got help as quickly as possible – that meant more patients than normal with minor illnesses and injuries were given advice over the telephone rather than automatically being sent an ambulance . ' metropolitan police chief superintendent julia pendry said : ' the spectacle of new year 's eve in central london attracts many thousands of people every year . newcastle : two young women head out on the own to celebrate the start of 2012 . cambridge : a new year reveller drinks some water as she is helped by ta volunteers in a tent hospital after a night out celebrating . ' this year is particularly special with the uk playing host to the 2012 olympic games and the queens diamond jubilee . ' we saw very large crowds converge on central london , especially in and around the viewing areas where people came to get a good view of the world class firework display . ' such large crowds create a challenging policing environment and our officers worked hard , alongside the stewards , to keep people safe and ensure they could get home again at the end of the night . ' crowds were good humoured and there were no major issues reported to police . ' our officers will continue to work into the night to aid peoples return home safely , to ensure the area returns to normality and roads can reopen to make way for the new year 's day parade . ' manchester : a young woman with a huge pair of high heels gets into a car as she chats away to a friend on her mobile phone . cardiff : partygoers brave the rain last night as they mark the start of 2012 . liverpool : two men fight in the city centre as police officers try and break it up . liverpool : a woman out celebrating the new year tries on a police officer 's hat as she poses for a jokey picture . bristol : revellers out in bristol celebrate the start of 2012 .