the european union launched a legal attack on gazprom on wednesday , stoking tensions with moscow as it accused the russian gas giant of overcharging buyers in eastern europe and hindering competition . european commission antitrust chief margrethe vestager said gazprom was barring eu clients from selling on its gas to other states - a particular concern in recent efforts to aid ukraine - and pressuring governments to back its pipeline interests . russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said that the charges were ' absolutely unacceptable ' . the european union launched a legal attack on gazprom on wednesday , stoking tensions with moscow as it accused the russian gas giant of overcharging buyers in eastern europe and hindering competition . european commission antitrust chief margrethe vestager ( pictured ) said gazprom was barring eu clients from selling on its gas to otherstates . state-controlled gazprom is a vital supplier of energy to europe despite the eu 's frequent political disputes with moscow . the commission 's investigation , opened in september 2012 , had initially covered poland , the czech republic , slovakia , hungary , bulgaria , estonia , latvia and lithuania . relations with russia , and gazprom in particular , have since been poisoned more by the east-west confrontation over ukraine . ' gazprom is dominant in all these markets , ' eu competition commissioner vestager told a news conference . ' our preliminary view alleges that gazprom is abusing this position . ' ' gazprom has been able to charge higher prices in some countries without fearing that ... gas would flow in from where prices were lower , ' she said of contracts with the three ex-soviet baltic states and formerly communist poland and bulgaria . vestager said prices in some countries were as much as 40 per cent higher than in others . lithuanian president dalia grybauskaite welcomed the charges , saying : ' the era of kremlin-backed political and economic blackmail draws to a close . ' russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said that the charges were ' absolutely unacceptable ' . noting the investigation had begun before russia annexed crimea from ukraine , vestager said ' this case is not political ' but acknowledged some would see political elements in it . gazprom responded by calling the charges , to which it has 12 weeks to respond , ' unfounded ' and saying it expected a resolution within the framework of previous undertakings between the kremlin and brussels ' on the intergovernmental level ' . russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on wednesday that the eu charges against gazprom were an unacceptable attempt to retroactively apply the bloc 's latest energy rules to earlier contracts . asked to comment on the case , lavrov said in an interview with three radio stations : ' all contracts in effect now that gazprom signed with its partners , were signed with full respect of the legal regime that existed in the eu at the time . ' after the eu adopted the so-called third energy package ... there have been attempts , and they continue now , to retrospectively , retroactively apply those requirements to old contracts as well . that is absolutely unacceptable . ' the eu has brokered deals to keep gas flowing to ukraine despite the conflict between kiev and moscow , but efforts to supply gas via eastern eu states have been hindered by contracts with gazprom that prohibit the re-export of russian gas . gazprom had also pressured poland and bulgaria into accepting unfavourable terms over gas pipeline control and construction , the commissioner said . the decision to move against gazprom comes a week after vestager charged u.s. tech giant google with abusing its market power , following five years of hesitation by her predecessor . she said , however , that in other cases she would be willing to negotiate with firms without pressing charges . the dane has appeared determined to challenge big corporate powers since taking on the powerful post in november , regardless of past offers of compromise from both google and gazprom . despite insisting she would look only at the legal merits of a case that focuses on gazprom 's pricing policies for different customers , the accusations will not ease frictions with moscow over ukraine in which gas supplies have played a major role . gazprom offered concessions to vestager 's predecessor last year in a bid to settle the case and avoid a possible fine but talks failed over its refusal to cut prices in eastern europe . the russian behemoth , with annual sales of some $ 100 billion , supplies about 30 per cent of the 28-nation eu 's natural gas . it has been under investigation since september 2012 , including for hampering the flow of gas across europe . vestager can order companies to change their business practices and is theoretically able to levy fines of up to 10 per cent of their annual global turnover .