roman abramovich has never spoken in public since buying chelsea , nor is there any expectation that he will . so the nearest to that happening could be a landmark event at stamford bridge next month . marina granovskaia is a chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in english football as the club’s transfer and contract negotiator . she is also abramovich’s day-to-day link with his football team . she is confirmed to speak — at least according to the organisers — for the first time publicly to an audience of 300 senior sports industry figures at a women in sport conference planned by the leaders brand on may 21 . marina granovskaia poses with eden hazard as the chelsea playmaker signs his new contract in february . roman abramovich has never spoken in public since buying chelsea , nor is there any expectation that he will . granovskaia is confirmed to speak at a leaders conference at stamford bridge , her first public appearance . granovskaia , who sold david luiz for a remarkable £50million , is understood to regard the occasion as an appropriate platform to reveal more about her work in sport , although chelsea said last night that her appearance is ‘ still under discussion’ . the club are known to be keen for a fresh voice to be heard from their hierarchy following the departure last october of ceo ron gourlay , whom granovskaia has effectively replaced . she has worked for abramovich since graduating from moscow state university in 1997 . her hard negotiating style is such that she allegedly told captain john terry to ‘ take it or f****** leave it’ before he signed his one-year contract extension . chelsea deny that the terry exchange took place , describing it as an ' urban myth ' . granovskaia sold defender david luiz for a remarkable £50million last summer to paris saint-germain . she allegedly told captain john terry to ‘ take it or f****** leave it’ over a contract extension that he signed . the ridiculous saga of greg dyke’s £16,400 parmigiani watch was finally concluded on tuesday when the adjudicatory chamber of fifa’s ethics committee closed fanciful proceedings against dyke after the watch was returned to zurich . dyke , who received it as a gift from the brazilian football federation at the fifa congress in sao paulo 10 months ago , had wanted to donate the proceeds from its sale to the fa cancer charity . but after months of legal wrangling , breast cancer care gave the watch back . no wonder the garcia report into world cup bid corruption is still under wraps when fifa spend nearly a year dealing with utter irrelevancies . fifa’s ethics committee closed proceedings against greg dyke after a £16,400 watch was returned to zurich . graeme swann has shown his upset at having his f-type jaguar stolen in nottingham by asking nearly 700,000 twitter followers to call the police if it is seen . two-jags swann , who also had an xkr in the garage when he was an england player , did extra promotional work with jimmy anderson to qualify for the f-type . however , there will not be such a clamour for cars next season with toyota due to replace jaguar as england’s car providers . graeme swann has asked nearly 700,000 twitter followers to call the police if his f-type jaguar is seen . channel 4 have escaped remarkably lightly from their mighty blunder by missing the start of the 2.40 race on the all-weather championship card at lingfield on good friday because they were on a commercial ad break . a forgiving spokesman for sponsors 32red , one of racing’s biggest backers , said : ‘ it is obviously very unfortunate but it is an isolated incident and should be viewed in that light . ’ plenty of other sponsors would be demanding that heads roll for such an error — and they might if c4 muck up the grand national . c4 say img’s production team were short-staffed at lingfield . channel 4 have escaped lightly from their mighty blunder by missing the start of the 2.40 race at lingfield . aintree 's double gaffe . aintree have scored two pr own goals in the build-up to saturday’s grand national . first aintree managing director john baker tried to ban pictures of women behaving badly or dressed inappropriately on ladies’ day by threatening to take away accreditation from the photographers responsible , even though images add to the charm of the occasion . yet , at the same time , the race was promoted with a c4 special of my big fat gypsy grand national , which included a hen party at aintree . the travellers called the crowd ‘tramps’ and one of them named danielle added : ‘ i thought the grand national was a posh event . i’ve seen girls literally bouncing off the ground . ’ stars of my big fat gypsy grand national pose for a photo during their hen party at aintree . the three challengers to sepp blatter for the fifa presidency , prince ali of jordan , michael van praag and luis figo , are all expected to speak at the soccerex conference in jordan next month . but the trio’s bids look doomed after blatter was pledged all 54 votes from the african football congress on tuesday . president issa hayatou told blatter : ‘ africa is comfortable having you , africa stays with you . ’ sepp blatter was pledged all 54 votes from the african football congress on tuesday in a blow to his rivals . 