ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for qpr 's home clash with chelsea ... queens park rangers vs chelsea ( loftus road ) . team news . qpr . qpr will not welcome back any of their injured players in time to face west london rivals chelsea on sunday . defender richard dunne ( knee ) is close to a return but will not be considered with fellow centre-back rio ferdinand also absent for the barclays premier league match with an unspecified knock . qpr will be without experienced defender richard dunne for the west london derby at home to chelsea . manager chris ramsey may have to look to make changes having played twice in four days but yun suk-young ( concussion ) is still out alongside eduardo vargas , leroy fer and alejandro faurlin ( all knee ) . provisional squad : green , isla , onuoha , caulker , hill , phillips , sandro , barton , kranjcar , austin , zamora , hoilett , grego-cox , mccarthy , henry , doughty , sutherland . chelsea . chelsea are without diego costa for sunday 's barclays premier league clash at qpr following the striker 's hamstring injury . cesc fabregas will play with a mask to protect his broken nose and will start alongside nemanja matic in midfield despite the influential pair being one booking away from a suspension . diego costa was forced off injured for chelsea in their 2-1 win over stoke last weekend . midfielder john obi mikel is fit again following a knee injury . provisional squad : courtois , cech , ivanovic , luis , fabregas , zouma , ramires , oscar , hazard , drogba , mikel , remy , matic , willian , cuadrado , cahill , terry , azpilicueta , blackman , loftus-cheek . kick-off : sunday , 1.30pm - sky sports 1 . odds ( subject to change ) : qpr 7/1 . draw 4/1 . chelsea 4/11 . referee : andre marriner . managers : chris ramsey ( qpr ) , jose mourinho ( chelsea ) . head-to-head league record : qpr wins 13 , draws 16 , chelsea wins 16 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . qpr have kept a clean sheet in three of their last four premier league matches at home to chelsea ( w2 d1 l1 ) . chelsea have conceded in six of their last seven games against rangers in the top-flight ( w3 d2 l2 ) . qpr have lost 49 premier leaue home games . eden hazard should make his 100th premier league appearance in this game . hazard has scored nine out of nine pl penalties - the joint most of any player with a 100 per cent record ( along with dimitar berbatov ) . chelsea have led in 12 of their 15 premier league away games this season . chelsea players celebrate after eden hazard ( second left ) scored the winning goal from the penalty spot when the blues defeated qpr 2-1 at stamford bridge back in november . chelsea have opened the scoring in a leagu-high 24 of their 30 premier league games this season . chelsea have scored exactly 99 goals in all competitions this season . diego costa’s longest spell of consecutive appearances in the premier league is eight games . charlie austin has been involved in 55 per cent of qpr’s 38 goals this season ( 17 goals , four assists ) .