tim cook may have described the apple watch as ‘ the most personal device we 've ever created’ but reports claim the gadget does n't tolerate some individual’s tattoos . owners of the coveted watch have found the timepiece 's sensors malfunction when worn on tattooed wrists . dark , vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings . scroll down for video . some owners of the apple watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists ( pictured ) . some dark , vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings . the issue first came to light on reddit and twitter where a number of users reported similar issues , such as having to repeatedly enter a password to unlock the phone . this is required every time the device detects it has left a wearer’s wrist . tests suggest that tattoos in dark and solid colours interfere with the device the most . this is because the heart sensor reads a pulse by measuring light absorption though the skin - a process called photoplethysmography . ' this technology , while difficult to pronounce , is based on a very simple fact : blood is red because it reflects red light and absorbs green light , apple wrote on its support page . ' apple watch uses green led lights paired with light‑sensitive photodiodes to detect the amount of blood flowing through your wrist at any given moment . ' when your heart beats , the blood flow in your wrist - and the green light absorption - is greater . between beats , it’s less . ' by flashing its led lights hundreds of times per second , apple watch can calculate the number of times the heart beats each minute - your heart rate . ' it is thought that red and green inks reflect light in a similar way and the sensor ca n't distinguish between the blood and tattoo . it appears the pigmented ink of some tattoos affects the watch 's sensor’s ability to read an individual’s heart rate , which in turn leads the watch to think it has stopped making contact with the skin . apple has yet to comment on the problem , despite there being speculation that the apparent fault could also stop some people using apple pay . tests conducted by imore suggest that tattoos in dark and solid colours interfere with the device the most . this is because the heart sensor reads a pulse by measuring light absorption though the skin - a process called photoplethysmography . ' this technology , while difficult to pronounce , is based on a very simple fact : blood is red because it reflects red light and absorbs green light , apple writes on its support page . ' apple watch uses green led lights paired with light‑sensitive photodiodes to detect the amount of blood flowing through your wrist at any given moment . ' when your heart beats , the blood flow in your wrist - and the green light absorption - is greater . between beats , it’s less . ' by flashing its led lights hundreds of times per second , apple watch can calculate the number of times the heart beats each minute - your heart rate . so the problem seems to occur when a wearer has something on their skin that reduces the lights reflectiveness , such as ink under the skin’s surface . it appears that the pigmented ink of some tattoos affects the watch 's sensor’s ( illustrated ) ability to read an individual’s heart rate , which in turn leads the watch to think it’s stopped making contact with skin . reddit user guine55fan thought his 42mm sport edition watch had a bad wrist detector sensor beacuse it locked every time the screen went dark and wouldn ; r receive notifications . he tried holsing it against his hand , which unlike his wrists and arm , are n't tattooed . ' my hand is n't tattooed and the watch stayed unlocked , ' he wrote . ' once i put it back on the area that is tattooed with black ink the watch would automatically lock again . ' the user has told apple about the problem who tried to solve the problem , but are also reporting it to their engineers . this doesn’t include natural skin pigmentation . imore tested the watch’s sensors on tattooed and non-tattooed parts of wrists , as well as elsewhere on the body and found that on non-inked parts , the sensors gave uniformed readings . however , ‘ on tattooed sections , sensor readings varied wildly depending on colours and shading , ’ serenity caldwell reported . she said solid colours in darker inks such as black and red ‘confused’ the sensor the most , causing misreadings of up to 196 beats per minute ( bpm ) , for example . the average heart rate is 72 bpm . tests on lighter colours such as purple and yellow caused slightly elevated misreadings of 80bpm , compared to 69bpm on the wearer’s non-tattooed wrist , but didn’t interfere with skin contact detection , unlike with darker shades of ink . the team was unable to reproduce problems reported on twitter of light , but patterned tattoos creating errors , leading them to conclude that the design and type of tattoo makes a difference in how well the watch works . apple has yet to comment on 'tattoo-gate ' but admits on its support page that ' many factors ' can affect the performance of the apple watch heart rate monitor . ' skin perfusion is one , ' it says . ' a fancy way of describing how much blood flows through your skin , skin perfusion varies significantly from person to person and can also be impacted by the environment . ' if you’re exercising in the cold , for example , the skin perfusion in your wrist may be too low for the heart rate sensor to get a reading . ' apple said that motion is another factor . ' rhythmic movements , such as running or cycling , give better results compared to irregular movements , like tennis or boxing . ' the sapphire glass screen in the apple watch has remained scratch-free after being subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer . the test was carried out by cardiff-based iphone repairs specialist iphonefixed.co.uk , which used a sapphire screen from a 38mm apple watch for its experiment . two out of the three models of apple watches have sapphire glass screens - the apple watch and apple watch edition . the glass is made from synthetic sapphire , which is created by applying heat and pressure to aluminium oxide powder , before the crystals are processed to remove impurities . the tiny round disks created are ground into shape , and polished , to become glass . sapphire glass is said to be twice as tough as normal glass and almost as hard as a diamond . to test the durability of the screen , it was rubbed against a stone wall and then with a coin , before being ‘scratched’ by a key . the video capturing the attempts at destruction , shows no scratches were achieved to the screen . it also withstood being rubbed with abrasive sandpaper at some force and hit by a hammer – albeit not very hard . but most impressive , was the screen’s ability to withstand an electric drill being dragged across its surface , without leaving a mark . the test led iphonefixed to claim : ‘ sapphire glass is pretty strong and virtually impossible to scratch’ .