a 12-year-old sports fan from texas - who 's become a star in his own right for his national anthem-singing skills - was surprised by one of his idols on tuesday night . nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks nba playoffs game - with one of his favorite nfl players watching from the sidelines , houston texans defensive lineman j.j. watt . when nicholas finished , the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him . and the heartwarming moment was caught on camera . footage - secured by a spectator and shared on vine - shows nicholas looking confused at first when he 's caught off-guard and tapped on the shoulder . look of shock : a 12-year-old basketball fan from texas who 's become a star in his own right for his national anthem-singing skills was surprised by one of his idols on tuesday night . however , his look of confusion quickly turns into shock as he realizes who he 's looking at . the youngster then proceeds to give watt a big hug . so far , the clip of the singer 's emotional encounter has scored more than one million hits . nicholas has made quite a name for himself in houston , where he regularly performs at sports games . indeed , one video of him singing from last november has accrued more than 38,000 hits on youtube . hey there ! nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks game , with one of his favorite players watching from the sidelines - houston texans defensive lineman j.j. watt . wow ! footage , secured by a spectator and shared on vine , shows nicholas looking confused at first when he 's caught off-guard and tapped on the shoulder . many viewers have deemed his performance ' awesome ' and ' inspirational ' . one fan added : ' that was shockingly good ! so impressive to see such poise and talent from a 12-year-old . best of luck to him . ' nicholas then got the ultimate thumbs up this week from one of his top sportsmen . watt sat on the sidelines to watch the houston rockets-dallas mavericks playoff game . he later celebrated the rockets ' 111-99 win with jubilant dance moves . he was even spotted twerking with one audience member . on wednesday , watt asked twitter to help him get in touch with nicholas . maybe we 'll soon be seeing the performer at nfl games too .