poland is set to build watchtowers along the border to the russian exclave of kaliningrad , a local news agency reports . the towers , costing the polish government £2.5million , will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries using cctv . the increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between russia and poland , a member of both nato and the european union , over the conflict in ukraine . keeping an eye out : poland is erecting watchtowers along the border to russian exclave kaliningrad ( pictured ) as tensions between the two countries are heightened . last month , moscow announced plans on placing state-of-the-art iskander missiles in kaliningrad for what government representatives called a ' major military exercise ' . russian president vladimir putin has also been accused of singling out poland as an enemy in the ongoing conflict in ukraine , accusing it of training ' ukrainian nationalists ' and instigating unrest . ' we are currently in the test phase of the technical installations on the towers , ' mirosława aleksandrowicz from the warmia-masurian border guard told the pap news agency . the construction of the watchtowers , due to be finished in june , is set to cost the polish government 14million zloty ( £2.5million ) with a majority of the funding coming from the eu 's external borders fund . kaliningrad , which has a population of just under 1million , plays an important role in the maintenance of the russian baltic fleet . getting ready : the cctv towers will will monitor the border between poland and kaliningrad , where moscow recently announced they are set to place state-of-the-art iskander missiles . when neighbouring countries poland and lithuania joined the eu in may 2004 , strict border controls were imposed . moscow has proposed visa-free travel between kaliningrad and the eu several times , but the motions have been rejected . the new border watchtowers will be erected at a time when tension around the baltic sea is reaching new heights . last month , swedish air force and nato jets tracked four russian combat aircraft - two long-range , nuclear-capable tu-22m3 bombers and two sukhoi su-27 fighters - flying with their transponders turned off in international airspace over the baltic sea . nato said it scrambled danish jets and italian jets based in lithuania to identify the russian aircraft which it said were heading to kaliningrad . ' the russian military aircraft did not use their onboard transponder ; they were not in contact with civilian air traffic control and they were not on a pre-filed flight plan , ' a nato military officer said . last month , russian military maneuvers that spread from the arctic to the black sea involved 80,000 troops , about 100 navy ships and more than 220 aircraft .