the principal of an islamic school has come under fire after he reportedly banned girls from running , amid fears it would cause them to lose their virginity . former teachers of al-taqwa college , in melbourne 's outer western suburbs , claim in a letter sent to the state and federal education ministers that principal omar hallak was discriminating against female students . the age reported that the victorian registration and qualifications authority is currently investigating the allegations . omar hallak , principal of islamic school al-taqwa college in melbourne , reportedly bans his female students from running . this comes a month after revelations that mr hallak was telling students at his school that islamic state was not ' created ' by muslims , but was instead a plot against them by the west . the letter sent to ministers by a former teacher this week about the girls not being able to fully participate in sport claimed mr hallak believes there is ' scientific evidence ' to back his claims . ' the principal holds beliefs that if females run excessively , they may ' lose their virginity ' , ' the letter said . ' the principal believes that there is scientific evidence to indicate that if girls injure themselves , such as break their leg while playing soccer , it could render them infertile . ' the principal of al-taqwa college banned female primary school students from participating in the 2013 and 2014 cross country district events , the teacher also claimed . a group of students wrote this letter to mr hallak when they discovered they had been banned from competing , and asked him to be ' fair ' . they said the principal had been unaware that the female students were training for the event , and got involved when he was notified . when they found out they had been prevented from competing , a group of female students penned a letter to their principal asking him to let them compete . ' this letter is about the cross country event that has been cancelled ' , the letter from ' cross country girls ' read . ' apparantly ( sic ) it is because girls ca n't run and that is really offensive to all the girls that were going to participate in the event . ' as a school principal you should treat all the subjects equally just to be fair to all the students that want to participate in a sport event ' , the letter continued . last month it was reported that mr hallak was teaching students at his school ( pictured ) that islamic state was not the doing of muslims , but rather a plot against them . the note from the group of students also raises that point that ' it does n't say girls ca n't run in the hadith ( sayings of the prophet mohammed ) ' and they should be able to participate as long as they are wearing ' appropriate clothes ' . education minister james merlino has told 3aw the reports are concerning and the victorian registration and qualifications authority is investigating . `` if true these are very concerning reports and i have asked the vrqa to investigate and report back to me , '' mr merlino has told 3aw on thursday . when contacted by daily mail australia al-taqwa college refused to comment . last month it was reported that mr hallak was teaching students at his school that islamic state was not the doing of muslims , but rather a plot against them . he reportedly shows his almost 2,000 students ‘evidence’ that islamic state terrorists are ‘ not linked to islam’ . ‘ we don’t believe muslims are creating is , ’ mr hallak told the age . he believes that the murder and brutality carried out by islamic state terrorists is actually a plot by western countries to control oil in the middle east .