a long island mother and daughter who went missing last month have been found safe and well in new york city 's upper west side neighborhood . iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday , it was reported . they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health , officials said . police said they now consider the case to be closed . it came after more details emerged of the colorful background of mrs costello 's late husband 's family , who were in dispute with her over the contents of mr costello 's will . scroll down for video . iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were visiting manhattan when they disappeared . they have now been found safe and well . iona costello 's husband george , the co-owner of costello marine in greenport , died from a heart attack in 2012 . it was revealed that the mother 's stepson has a long criminal record and was jailed again just days after she disappeared , a report suggests . george costello jr is currently in jail in florida on apparently unrelated charges and has been described by relatives as a 'mixed-up ' kid . ' british-born mrs costello and emily were visiting manhattan when they went missing on march 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village of greenport . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan , but the pair , who often went into the city for theater and art museums , left no other trace of their whereabouts . iona 's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack , and she is believed to have been ' under a lot of stress ' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages . the new york daily news reported iona 's stepson costello jr , 45 , was visiting hamptons bay , new york , at the time , and relatives said he has never got on with the family . he has a long history of drug arrests and is currently in palm beach detention center following an arrest for a ' domestic dispute ' when he returned to florida . police reportedly told iona 's mother there is surveillance video of them leaving a parking garage laughing . iona 's brother-in-law john costello ( right ) , is facing vehicular manslaughter charges after he allegedly drove his pickup truck into oncoming traffic last december in greenport , new york . costello 's stepson , george costello jr ( left ) , 45 , has a long history of drug arrests ( mugshot from april ) . his fiance , who wanted to remain anonymous , told the daily news it was a ' weird coincidence ' , but insists she was with him the whole time . speaking from the prison , he told the newspaper he was visiting his hampton bay home at the time and flew home on april 1 , two days after the pair went missing . george jr , who has at least 10 arrests to his name , according to court records , says he did n't have a close relationship with iona . he said the last time the pair spoke was at his father and her husband 's funeral . ' she 's a hardworking lady who loves her horses and takes care of them really well . she 's a good mother , ' he told the daily news . iona 's mother , diana malcomson , had also insisted george jr would n't want to harm the pair , but said he was a 'mixed-up kid ' . her brother-in-law is also facing a criminal case . john costello is facing vehicular manslaughter charges after he allegedly drove his pickup truck into oncoming traffic last december in greenport , new york . they were reported missing by relatives of the ' quiet irish family ' , who own a horse farm on long island 's north fork . iona , who was her late husband george 's third wife and inherited his entire estate along with her daughter , had been ' under a lot of stress ' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages . ' she ca n't sell anything . she ca n't do anything because everything is in court , ' an unidentified relative told the new york daily news . ' i do n't know if she 's having a nervous breakdown . i do n't know if somebody has kidnapped them , ' the unidentified family member said of the costellos ' long absence from their home and farm . costello 's adult children have argued that the will granting the estate to iona was improperly executed , according to novick law group . a long island court sided with the adult children last year , and iona costello is appealing . amanda hurwitz , one of george 's daughters who now lives in connecticut , refused to comment to daily mail online on the report or her stepmother 's disappearance . the widow 's trip into new york was originally only supposed to last for several days . ' she said she was going to manhattan for easter , ' iona 's mother diana malcolmson , 80 , told daily mail online . the grandmother , who lives in nearby shelter island , new york , said police told her that surveillance footage from the parking garage showed mrs costello and emily walking away from their car on march 30 , holding suitcases and laughing . she said that she spoke regularly with her daughter , but had not heard about any plans for extended vacations . while trips into new york were fairly normal , emily being out of school is not . the ninth grader had been scheduled to return to ross school in east hampton from her spring break this past tuesday . the mother had told workers at her farm that she would be ' back on tuesday ' but did not return on march 31st , april 7th or april 14th . workers at the horse farm said earlier it was strange for mrs costello not to be in contact with them about raising the animals . southold police chief of police martin flatley told daily mail online his force did not suspect foul play . relative jane costello said that calls to both iona 's and emily 's phones had gone straight to voicemail . mrs costello’s family have lived in both the uk and the us , but she is british by birth . her mother diana and late father euan , a stockbroker , lived in stow in the wold , gloucestershire before setting sail for north america in 1958 aboard the liberte cruise ship . their plan was to live in canada but they instead move to long island . the couple returned to the uk at some point and records indicate that mrs costello was born in marylebone in central london , as was her brother andrew . mrs costello’s aunt gwendoline preston married lord william wynne-jones , a renowned chemist and former vice-chancellor of newcastle university . 