two pennsylvania bank robbers are believed to have had military training and are being described by the fbi as ' armed and extremely dangerous ' . a pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the pittsburgh area so far this year , most recently on april 10 . the unknown men , who are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees ' heads , have threatened to kidnapping those at their targets and shoot police . however , the way that the two men handle their weapons has led the fbi to suspect that the thieves are actually former police officers themselves . scroll down for video . police believe that the two bank robbers suspected in a string of recent heists may have police or military training because of the way they handle a weapon . authorities say that the robberies , most recently on april 10 ( pictured ) , have become increasingly violent , with the thieves threatening kidnappings and saying they will shoot police if engaged . surveillance video shows one masked robber holding his finger stretched along the barrel of his gun , just off of the trigger , a safety method used by law enforcement . the men , who wear dark sweatpants and sweatshirts , are also seen jumping over the counter as they begin their heists . ' these folks have some kind of training in firearms , meaning they could be former military , they could be law enforcement , either former or currents , ' the fbi 's patrick fallon said . ' street punks don’t usually use holsters , ' he told wpxi . the men , both 5'8 '' -5'9 '' are described as in excellent physical condition . one of them climbs behind the counter to collect cash as the other threatens bank employees with a gun . the clothes worn during the robberies are thought to be quickly discarded by the robbers , who have also used a very common car as a getaway vehicle . authorities warned that the criminals have become increasingly aggressive and violent during robberies on january 24 , february 21 and april 10 . the suspects are described as white , 5'8 '' to 5'9 '' , of medium and larger build and in excellent physical shape , according to cbs pittsburgh . they were recently seen escaping in a nondescript gray toyota corolla , one of the most common cars in the world . both men are believed to be from pittsburgh because of their accents . tt is thought that they quickly get rid of their baggy clothing after making a getaway . the fbi is offering $ 10,000 for information leading to their arrests .