the biggest pension reforms in a century have been met with confusion as customers as young as 23 try to cash in their retirement savings . pension firms said britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked , with many unaware of age restrictions or tax implications . since monday , over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life , known as an annuity . and yesterday , the first people to cash in their pots began to receive their money . scroll down for video . since monday , over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life , known as an annuity . the government had said that everyone over the age of 55 who wanted to take part in the new pension freedoms would be given a free half-hour session of guidance but just 300 advisers are available ( file picture ) . but one major provider reported that customers in their 20s had been calling up to withdraw their retirement savings – unaware they were three decades too young . others were unaware they faced a hefty tax bill if they removed all their cash at once . the confusion was not helped by a decision to pull the plug on television adverts promoting the government 's pensions helpline . the treasury said that , ahead of the election , it had switched to a ' low level ' advertising campaign for its pension wise guidance service and dropped its television adverts for almost two months . ' purdah ' rules bar government advertising campaigns before a general election so that it does not promote the cause of a certain political party . but experts said barring tv adverts which raise awareness of the pension changes would punish consumers , some of whom were already confused by the changes . experts fear pensioners could be vulnerable if they do not receive proper advice regarding pension plans now that over-55s can cash in their pensions and spend them instead of being forced to buy an annuity ( file image ) . david trenner , of intelligent pensions , said it was ' crazy to stop advertising pension wise under purdah rules ' , while catriona standingford , who runs a financial training firm , asked on twitter : should n't the consumer/taxpayer come first ? . ' the treasury said the service will only be advertised through print and digital advertising for april and most of may . pensions firm fidelity worldwide investment said it had taken 1,300 calls about the pension freedoms in the last week alone . but several calls a day have been from people under-55 trying to access their cash , including a 23-year-old who mistakenly believed they could ' get hold of their pot now ' . richard parkin , of fidelity , said : ' misunderstandings exist around when you can access your funds . ' since the new freedoms were announced , we 've received a steady number of calls from people under the age of 55 who think they can access their funds under the new rules . ' 