toxicology results released monday show linden , new jersey police officer pedro abad ( pictured ) had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car last month . toxicology results show that an off-duty new jersey officer was drunk when he caused a wrong-way crash that killed another officer and a friend on a new york city highway , a staten island prosecutor said monday . tests show linden officer pedro abad 's blood alcohol content was 0.24 ; the legal limit in new york is 0.08 . chief assistant district attorney daniel master would n't comment on possible charges against the officer stemming from the march 20 crash . linden officer frank viggiano and friend joe rodriguez were killed ; abad and officer patrik kudlac were critically injured . authorities say abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a staten island strip club . the truck driver suffered injuries that were n't considered life-threatening . there was no immediate response to an email seeking comment from the union representing linden police officers . investigators had applied for a warrant to test abad 's blood shortly after the accident . hours before the crash , abad had posted a photo on his instagram page of three shot glasses filled with what he identified as ' jack daniels fire on the house . ' the photo included a caption of a toast he said he had given . abad and fellow officer patrik kudlac were critically injured in the crash while another cop frank viggiano and friend joe rodriguez died . the driver of the tractor-trailer was also injured but his injuries were not thought to be life threatening . victimsl above , officer viggiano ( left ) and rodriguez ( right ) , the two men who were killed in the crash . ' the 3 of us , are decent people . there 's a decent woman out there for each of us . sure it 's cool to be single every now and then , but i do n't give a damn what anyone says . at the end of the day , i want a family . i want to settle down . we all do . so here 's to finding that which we all hope for . ' abad had two drunken-driving arrests in the last four years , including one for an accident in which he plowed through the wall of a convenience store , records show . he was arrested on a charge of driving under the influence in roselle , new jersey , in january 2011 after his car ' put a hole completely through the building ' housing a new way supermarket , a police report said . abad was issued a summons for dui and reckless driving , but apparently the case did n't conclude in any citations or violations , the state motor vehicle commission said . abad ( left ) posted a photo of three whiskey shots ( right ) to his instagram just hours before the deadly crash . the crash occurred after the three off-duty new jersey cops and their friend left this staten island strip club . thirteen months later , abad was charged with dui in rahway , new jersey . a police dashboard camera video showed him weaving , wobbling and slurring his words as he attempted to complete a field sobriety test . abad 's driver 's license was suspended after the second arrest , beginning in october 2013 and concluding in may 2014 , the motor vehicle commission said . a judge then required abad to fit his car with an ignition interlock , which wo n't allow a vehicle to start until the driver blows into a device to measure his blood-alcohol level and is deemed sober . the interlock device was removed last september , the commission said . abad jr. ( left ) had eight accidents and two duis on his record before the staten island crash . on the right , patrik kudlac , the other officer who was injured in the crash .