it is the biggest culinary question which divides the westcountry : when eating a scone , do you add jam or cream first ? today david cameron waded into the long-running dispute , and quickly got into a muddle about the devon and cornish way of eating a cream tea . the prime minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to devon , before risking the wrath of purists by claiming ' it all tastes the same ' . scroll down for video . david cameron , on a visit to devon this morning , made the blunder of confusing the two methods for eating a cream tea . how do you eat your scone ? how do you eat your scone ? now share your opinion . the tory leader has spent the day campaigning in devon , where he must win several seats if he is to stand any chance of winning a majority . but his hopes of courting support in the county were given a knock with his food faux pas as he chatted with staff and customers of tea by the taw on the strand in barnstaple , the north devon gazette reported . all good politicians know how to make small talk with voters , but the jam and cream debate is no trifling matter . in an attempt to woo the locals , mr cameron ventured : ' when you are in devon you do the jam and the cream in a different order to cornwall , is that right ? ' sensing a gaffe was imminent , he went on : ' i 'm going to get this wrong , are n't i ? ' his prediction was correct , as he added : ' in devon it 's ... jam first and cream on top ? ' his comments were greeted with silence and stony faces , as the staff realised someone was going to have to put the prime minister right . ' wrong way round . i knew i 'd get it wrong , ' mr cameron said . ' it all tastes the same , does n't it ? ' . wrangles over whether it should be jam first or cream , and whipped cream or clotted , have been running for generations , with references to the sweet treat dating back to the 11th century . the devon tradition is to slather the scone with cream first , while the cornish – who also lay claim to inventing cream teas – prepare their scones the opposite way . two years ago , an academic devised what was claimed to be the mathematical formula for the perfect cream tea , and it used the cornish way . dr eugenia cheng , of sheffield university , concluded that the best weight ratio is 2:1:1 , which means an average scone , weighing 70g , requires 35g of jam and 35g of cream . the tory leader has spent the day campaigning in devon , where he must win several seats if he is to stand any chance of winning a majority . academic dr eugenia cheng , of sheffield university , devised what was claimed to be the mathematical formula for the perfect cream tea , and it used the cornish way . dr cheng set the ideal thickness of the scone , with all its elements added , at about 2.8cm , allowing a relaxed open width of the mouth when taking a bite . the equation also specifies the thickness of the cream and jam layers . dr cheng 's formula is a victory for cornwall , with jam spread first due to avoid it running off the edge . another rule in the scientific method is to use clotted rather than whipped cream . this is due to the excessive volume of whipped cream needed to satisfy the weight ratio . the thickness of the layer should not exceed that of the scone .