kicking , punching and moving around during sleep might be an early sign of parkinson 's disease , a new review suggests . moving around in sleep , and seeming to ' act out ' dreams is a characteristic of a condition called rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder ( rbd ) . researchers have discovered about half of people with rbd will develop parkinson 's disease or another neurological disorder within a decade of being diagnosed , livescience reports . people with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder ( rbd ) move around in their sleep and ' act out ' their dreams . up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition , a study found . ultimately , 81 to 90 per cent of patients with rbg with develop a neurodegenerative disorder , they found . ' if you get this disorder and live long enough , you will almost certainly get parkinson 's disease or a condition similar to it — it 's an early warning sign , ' said professor michael howell , of the university of minnesota , and co-author of the study . people with rbd describe having vivid dreams , and they act them out theatrically while asleep . they can be fighting enemies , or fleeing danger , and actually act out these dreams in their beds . this can range from making small hand movements to thrashing around , punching , kicking and jumping out of bed . sometimes , people with the condition can injure themselves or anyone sharing a bed with them . ' it 's very important to make the bedroom environment [ as ] safe as possible ' by removing objects that can be picked up or used as a weapon , such as guns , professor howell said . people with rbd move around during the rapid eye movement period of sleep , when most dreaming occurs but the body 's muscles are usually paralysed by the brain stem . those with the condition are believed to have a malfunction in their brain-stem which allows them to move around during rem sleep , and therefore act out their dreams . for most people , dreaming is purely a ' mental ' activity : dreams occur in the mind while the body is at rest . but people who suffer from rem behavior disorder ( rbd ) act out their dreams . they physically move limbs or even get up and engage in activities associated with waking . some engage in sleep talking , shouting , screaming , hittting or punching . some even jump out of bed while sleeping . rbd is usually noticed when it causes danger to the sleeping person , their bed partner , or others they encounter . people with rbd move around during the rapid eye movement period of sleep , when most dreaming occurs but the body 's muscles are usually paralysed by the brain stem . those with the condition are believed to have a malfunction in their brain-stem which allows them to move around during rem sleep , and therefore act out their dreams . rbd is not curable , but it can be treated with high doses of the sleep aid or low doses of the anti-anxiety drug clonazepam . source : national sleep foundation . it is a different condition from sleepwalking , professor howell explained , as sleepwalkers are confused when they wake up . it is normally easy to awaken someone with rbd , and they will recall clear details of the vivid dream . rbd affects 0.5 per cent of the population or 35 million people worldwide . while it is incurable , it can be managed with high doses of the sleep hormone melatonin or low doses of the anti-anxiety drug clonazepam . as part of the study , professor howell and his colleagues reviewed 500 studies published between 1986 and 2014 that explored the link between rbd and parkinson 's . they found between 81 and 91 per cent of patients with rbd developed a degenerative brain disorder during their lifetimes . parkinson 's disease , a condition in which part of the brain becomes progressively damaged , is characterised by a tremor , slow movement and stiff and inflexible muscles . it is caused by the breakdown of certain proteins in the brain cells that produce dopamine , a chemical that produces pleasurable feelings in response to rewarding activities . it could be that rbd results from the early stages of the breakdown of the proteins in the brain cells , meaning it could be a useful warning sign of parkinson 's disease , professor howell said . however , not everyone who develops parkinson 's will have rbd first . nevertheless , the findings could help doctors find a way to catch parkinson 's early and treat parkinson 's disease while it is in its early stages , professor howell added . the condition is not curable , but it can be managed with drugs . an experimental therapy called deep brain simulation has shown promise in some patients . the study was published in the journal jama neurology . parkinson 's disease is caused by the breakdown of proteins in brain cells , meaning that part of the brain can not work ( pictured in red ) . rbd could be an early warning sign of parkinson 's disease , researchers said . 