thought the vampire face lift and leech facial were weird ? the beauty industry is about to get much more bizarre . foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons - and people who 've had them ca n't stop singing their praises . dubbed a hydrafacial , the treatment , which costs around $ 150 ( £100 ) and uses stem cell from an infant 's foreskin , is currently available in new york . scroll down for video . foreskin facials , also known as hydrafacials , are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons in new york ( stock image ) . described as a 'multi-step treatment that promises to erase wrinkles , reverse sun damage , lighten dark spots , and prevent acne ' , the key ingredient is the somewhat bizarre stem cell from an infant 's foreskin . speaking to ny magazine about the unusual treatment , dr. gail naughton , a leader in regenerative science , said : ' when we 're born , our skin is in its best shape . our cells naturally secrete proteins known as growth factors that keep the cells healthy and stimulate them to divide . one writer who had the treatment hailed its benefits and described her post-facial confidence as being at ' beyonce levels ' and her skin as glowing as jennifer lopez 's , right . ' as we age , our cells divide at a slower rate , which contribute to the telltale signs of aging , like wrinkles and loss of firmness and luminosity . growth factors captured from the donated foreskin of a baby ( just one can generate over a million treatments ) are at their peak ability in promoting rapid cell turnover . ' applied topically , they spur adult skin cells to regenerate . this is said to have a smoothing effect on the skin . ' the 30-minute treatment involves a cleansing process using salicylic-and-glycolic-acid peel and an extraction to remove blackheads and dead skin . this process is followed by a mask packed with hydrating hyaluronic acid and a serum with foreskin extracts and rounded off with some light therapy . one writer , ashley weatherford , who had the treatment hailed its benefits , describing her post-facial confidence as at ' beyonce levels ' and her skin as glowing as jennifer lopez 's . the 30-minute treatment ( not pictured ) involves a cleansing process using salicylic-and-glycolic-acid peel , an extraction , a mask packed with hydrating hyaluronic acid and a serum with foreskin extracts . commenting on the trend , anne-marie gillett , non-surgical director at transform cosmetic surgery , told femail : ' the hydrafacial , commonly known as the `` foreskin facial '' is an interesting concept and is one that we will be keeping our eye on here at transform . 'we’ve seen a whole host of faddish non-surgical treatments coming over from the us - last year it was the vampire facial , which had a celebrity fan base , with the likes of kim kardashian openly talking about having had the treatment . this year , it seems to be the hydrafacial , but we often find that these extreme treatments seem to disappear as quickly as they come . 'it’s no surprise , as there are numerous new treatments hitting the market all the time , particularly ones with the `` wow '' and shock factor , but how effective they actually are is questionable . we’ll have to wait and see . ' if you want to keep your skin looking its best , it’s important to maintain a good skincare regime which involves limiting sun exposure , avoiding smoking and excessive drinking , which can dehydrate the skin and accelerate the ageing process . ' we would urge anyone who is considering having a non-surgical treatment , to do their research and be confident with what’s on offer and that the person providing the treatment is appropriately qualified . also , it’s important for patients to manage their expectations when it comes to the results . ' the ' baby foreskin facial ' will , however , never be coming to the uk as it is illegal to use human cells in cosmetic procedures . the usa-owned company are currently in the process of creating the same effect , by using plant extract and bringing that to the uk .  