celtic midfielder stuart armstrong has backed under-fire dundee united boss jackie mcnamara to turn around his troubled season at tannadice . mcnamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results allied to the revelation that he receives a cut of transfer fees for united players sales . since selling prize assets armstrong and gary mackay-steven to celtic for £2million on transfer deadline day , united have won just once , in a scottish cup tie at stranraer . celtic midfielder stuart armstrong has backed under-fire dundee united boss jackie mcnamara . mcnamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results . after 10 games without a win , the heat was turned up on mcnamara on wednesday night when united lost 3-1 at dens park – their first derby defeat to dundee since november 2004 . however , as mcnamara comes under increasing pressure from united fans , some of whom believe his position is untenable , armstrong yesterday backed his old boss to ride out the most testing period of his managerial career . ‘ jackie mcnamara is a good guy . he was always really nice to me when i was at united - and he is capable of turning it around , ’ said the 23-year-old . celtic unveil former dundee utd teammates armstrong and gary mackay-steven following their exit . ‘ yes , united are having woes just now . they are on a bad run of form , and the injuries aren’t really helping either . but these things happen in football . i am sure jackie mcnamara and united will turn it around – it’s just a matter of time . ’ asked yesterday if this spell was the toughest test so far of his managerial career , mcnamara said : ‘ not really . we went through a spell last year but it’s things i’ll learn from . i am learning so it’s been good in that sense . ‘i’ve learned different things , reasons for things and different scenarios recently . i think that will stand me in good stead . ’ mackay-steven ( right ) celebrates his goal with former dundee united teammate john rankin . ex-united defender mark wilson , who also left tannadice in january , insists the root of the current crisis at united has been their losing streak - not the manager’s controversial bonus scheme . united face hamilton today , who have not won in 12 matches , and wilson believes ‘ bruised figure’ mcnamara can win back the fans if he can restore his team to winning ways . ‘ the bonus row doesn’t sit well with the fans , ’ conceded wilson . ‘ but that’s purely because the team is losing . if the team was winning it would all be brushed under the carpet . ‘ does the manager look a bruised figure right now ? yes , but you can see why ! he’ s built a successful attacking team and his players are getting ripped away . former dundee united ace armstrong celebrates with mackay-steven after scoring for celtic . ' you don’t know whether the players had clauses , or whether it’s been a decision made at the top of the club , but if you took armstrong and mackay steven out of any team it would leave a massive hole . ' take away andrew robertson and ryan gauld , who were sold last summer , that’s four mainstays of last year’s team now gone . ‘ those are big shoes to fill , and i’m sure the likes of aidan connolly and blair spitall , if given time , will do that . jackie has shown he can go out and buy and rear genuine stars . i believe there is still enough quality there for united to grind out results and start climbing up the league . ’