james staring , a london-based personal trainer , says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat . many of us dream of a flat stomach and washboard abs . but despite dieting and exercising , fat around the middle can be especially hard to shift . now , personal trainer james staring , from fit to last , a london-based fitness company , claims he has four simple tips which can help anyone achieve an enviable stomach area . from writing a food diary to doing short burst of tough exercise , he reveals the best ways to burn away belly fat ... avoid white bread and pasta and only eat carbohydrates after exercise . avoid carbohydrates that are refined i.e . white bread and pasta as these enter your blood stream much faster . they are also absorbed very quickly , and cause an insulin spike followed by a dip in energy . unprocessed carbohydrates ( i.e . whole grains , legumes , vegetables and fruits ) increase feelings of feeling full and release sugar into the blood stream at a much slower rate . this stabilises blood sugar level , so you don’t get peaks and troughs , and your body composition will likewise remain stable . according to dr. john berardi from precision nutrition , your body is more capable of processing carbohydrates directly after exercise – so this is the best time to eat them . how this will help you : when you consume excess carbohydrate ( and , by extension , if your carbohydrate consumption isn’t paired with activity ) these carbohydrates are stored for future use , often as body fat . do full body exercises . the more muscle groups you use , the more calories you will burn both during and after exercising . by doing complex movements ( i.e . chin-ups ) as opposed to isolation movements ( i.e . bicep curls ) you are using more of your body at once , therefore requiring more energy . you will burn more calories after exercise due to epoc ( excess post-exercise oxygen consumption ) . when you start exercising your body goes from rest to increased metabolic activity , thereby requiring more oxygen . carrying out full body exercises will speed up metabolism and means a person will burn more calories afterwards . this will assist in losing inches around the middle . your body’s delay in responding to this increased oxygen requirement causes ‘ oxygen debt’ . when you finish an exercise session your body ‘ pays back’ this oxygen debt through epoc . your body needs to consume more oxygen to replenish energy and nutrients , causing more calories to be burned . how this will help you : epoc has the additional benefit of increasing your daily energy expenditure as well as your metabolism , turning your body into a calorie-burning furnace , which will assist in losing those inches around the middle . do short bursts of high intensity exercise . the most common excuse for not exercising is lack of time . but if you want to lose belly fat , you must exercise , full stop . doing short bursts of high intensity exercise leads to higher energy demands and more calories burned , which will help shed weight from the stomach . according to a study from canada’s mcmaster university , high intensity interval training ( short blasts of exercise followed by short recovery periods ) enables you to achieve the same exercise benefits in less time than slogging countless hours on the treadmill . therefore , you can actually accomplish more by exercising less . how this will help you : high intensity interval training will create a positive knock on effect in terms of epoc , leading to higher energy demands for recovery and more calories burned for longer . write down what you eat ( including how you feel two hours afterwards ) . writing down how different foods affect feelings can stop a person mindlessly eating , mr staring claims . busy lifestyles often mean that eating has become a required reflex , not a considered decision . to get a sense of what you are consuming and how it is affecting you , try the following for 30 days… . 1 . try on an outfit that currently doesn’t fit – take a selfie wearing this outfit . 2 . start writing down everything you eat , and the time you eat it , in a dedicated notepad . be diligent and keep this up for 30 days . 3 . when you finish each meal , set your phone alarm for two hours later , then ask yourself . 4 . record the results based on the following criteria : 5 . in 30 days , take the selfie again . how this will help you : watching your energy level patterns is an effective way to monitor your blood sugar levels . keep these levels consistent with carbohydrate timing , add in high intensity exercise , and the belly fat you want to be rid of will be a distant memory sooner than you think .   