exeter swept aside newcastle 48-13 to set up a semi-final showdown with gloucester in the inaugural european challenge cup . the chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at sandy park , with a david ewers score and a penalty try helping the home side into a 17-6 half-time lead . exeter then added further tries through thomas waldrom , byron mcguigan , sam hill and dean mumm after the break , with outclassed newcastle only able to respond with a 68th-minute effort from chris harris and eight points from the boot of tom catterick . carl rimmer of exeter chiefs is tackled by newcastle falcons ' dom barrow during match at sandy park . exeter 's thomas waldrom stretches over for a try during the european rugby challenge cup match . the victory means exeter will take on gloucester at kingsholm in two weeks ' time for a place in the final against either newport gwent dragons or the winner of sunday 's london irish-edinburgh encounter . the hosts made a number of changes from the side that lost 25-18 at leicester in the premiership last weekend with mcguigan , ben moon , tomas francis and tom james being drafted in . the chiefs were also forced into a late change with damian welch pulling-up in the warm-up so ben white was promoted from the bench to play in the back row , skipper mumm moved into the second row and sam skinner added to the replacements . newcastle , who lost 46-17 to exeter in the premiership last month , started with two changes in the backs from the side that narrowly lost at london irish with juan pablo socino in the centre and harris on the right wing . both defences were tested in the opening 10 minutes but it was exeter who made the first breakthrough just before the quarter-hour . dave ewers of exeter chiefs ( centre ) makes a break during his side 's 48-13 victory against the falcons . after the falcons were forced to touch down over their own line , exeter broke off the back of the five-metre scrum and ewers barged over the line . slade added the extras from out wide on the right and the chiefs were under way . exeter increased their advantage midway through the half when wing matt jess , who was on course to score from a loose ball , was pulled back twice off the ball by full-back alex tait . referee marius mitrea had no hesitation in awarding a penalty try - which slade converted - and tait went to the sin-bin . newcastle kept the chiefs at bay while they were a man down and when they were back to full strength the visitors were awarded a penalty 12 metres out in front of the posts , which fly-half catterick slotted over to get his side off the mark . slade and catterick then swapped penalties to leave exeter with an 11-point lead at the interval . dan temm of newcastle falcons tackles thomas waldrom during the quarter-final encounter . that soon became 18 points as just 45 seconds after the restart ewers broke from inside his own half , shrugged off a couple of half tackles , before offloading to number eight waldrom to stretch for the line . slade converted and , 12 minutes later , added his second penalty from 30 metres out to make it 27-6 . the chiefs ' fourth try came just before the hour-mark when will chudley chipped over the head of the defence and into the arms of mcguigan to go over , with slade again adding the conversion . the falcons may have looked down and out but harris rounded a couple of forwards to score a breakaway try under the posts with catterick converting to cut the deficit to 34-13 . however , the chiefs replied immediately through hill to help restore their advantage and then hill turned provider for mumm to score the chiefs ' sixth and final try , with replacement fly-half gareth steenson converting both to cap a one-sided triumph .