nasa has released incredible point-of-view footage taken by astronauts on spacewalks of the international space station . expedition 42 commander barry wilmore and flight engineer terry virts recorded three spacewalks , known as extra vehicular activities , on gopro cameras outside the iss on february 25 and march 1 . the spacewalks were in preparation for the arrival of multibillion pound commercial spacecraft , which nasa hope will be in operation by 2017 . expedition 42 commander barry wilmore and flight engineer terry virts recorded three spacewalks on gropro cameras . nasa recently signed a contract with commercial spaceflight companies spacex and boeing with the intention to produce craft capable of transporting astronauts to the iss . the clip was recorded to give the future iss workers an idea of what they can expect when they go into space to maintain the commercial spacecraft . in the footage virts and wilmore can be seen repairing the robotic arm of the space station and installing a new communication system for the future docking spacecraft . the spacewalks were in preparation for the arrival of 2017 's multibillion pound commercial spacecraft . the astronauts can be seen repairing the robotic arm of the space station and installing a new communication system . construction of the iss began on 20 november 1998 . it supports a crew of up to six , with crews split into groups of three . the station orbits at a height of about 255 miles ( 410km ) . it has a total mass of about 990,000 pounds ( 450,000kg ) and has living space roughly equivalent to a five-bedroom house . it completes an orbit of earth every 92.91 minutes and moves at 17,100 miles ( 27,600km ) per hour . the two men also set up antennas and routed 4000 feet ( 1219m ) of power and data cables . the video captures breathtakingly clear images of earth as astronauts work from a distance of 250 miles . nasa has recently relied on russian soyuz capsules taking astronauts to iss to carry out maintenance work since its space shuttle fleet was retired in 2011 after 30 years’ service . but at a cost of nearly £50 million per seat , it has not been a financially viable solution . nasa now hope that their deals with spacex and boeing can cut the cost of their future transportation fees . the international space station is a habitable artificial satellite in low earth orbit . it is now the largest artificial body in orbit , since its first component was launched in 1998 , and is often visible to the naked eye from earth . astronauts virts and wilmore set up antennas and route 4000 feet of power and data cables . the video captures breathtakingly clear images of earth as astronauts work from a distance of 250 miles . 