president barack obama and cuban president raul castro shook hands last night ahead of a historic meeting which may see cuba declassified as a state sponsor of terrorism . the two leaders , who clasped hands yesterday at a brief meeting , are both attending the summit of the americas in panama . the gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of obama 's project to thaw diplomatic relations with cuba , which have been frozen since the 1960s . the white house has set expectations for a ' substantive ' exchange between castro , brother of revolutionary leader fidel , and obama today . speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of cuba from the state department 's list of state terror sponsors . that removal would also lift some economic sanctions on cuba . scroll down for video . warmth : president barack obama and cuban president raul castro shook hands on friday at a summit in panama , a symbolically charged gesture as the pair seek to restore ties between the cold war foes . until next time : the white house said the two men will have a more robust exchange on saturday . obama and castro have met once before - at the 2013 funeral of nelson mandela in south africa - but today could mark their first robust , in-person meeting . the president 's eventual aim is to restore full diplomatic relations and boost trade and travel between the two countries . their rapprochement , first unveiled in a historic policy shift in december , is the central issue at the summit of the americas meeting in panama . obama said : ' as we move towards the process of normalization , we 'll have our differences , government to government , with cuba on many issues . just as we differ at times with other nations within the americas , just as we differ with our closest allies . ' but the 53-year-old obama , who was not even born when fidel and raul castro swept to power in cuba 's 1959 revolution , also said the united states is no longer interested in trying to impose its will on latin america . ' the days in which our agenda in this hemisphere so often presumed that the united states could meddle with impunity , those days are past , ' he said . apart from a couple of brief , informal encounters , the leaders of the united states and cuba have not had any significant meetings since the castro brothers toppled u.s.-backed dictator fulgencio batista and then steered their caribbean country into a close alliance with the soviet union . last time : obama and castro are pictured above shaking hands at the funeral of nelson mandela , held in johannesburg , south africa , in december 2013 . out of the deep freeze : obama and castro are expected to meet again on saturday and talk about their efforts to restore full diplomatic relations and boost trade and travel between the two countries . gang 's all here : president barack obama ( far right middle row ) and cuba 's president raul castro ( far left middle row ) attend the summit of the americas opening ceremony . colombian president juan manuel santos hailed obama 's push to improve relations with cuba , saying it was helping to heal a ' blister ' that was hurting the region . however , cuban dissident guillermo farinas said civic groups in cuba have been sidelined from talks and appealed to obama to support their push for more democracy . ' the cuban government is showing no goodwill ... they do n't want to make any kind of concessions , ' he said . obama , who met with activists from across latin america , including two cuban dissidents , appears to be close to removing communist-run cuba from a u.s. list of countries that it says sponsor terrorism . its inclusion on the list brings a series of automatic u.s. sanctions and cuba is insisting it be taken off as a condition of restoring diplomatic ties . washington imposed trade sanctions on cuba from 1960 and broke off diplomatic relations in 1961 , but the ensuing freeze did it no favors , said ben rhodes , obama 's deputy national security adviser . ' our cuba policy , instead of isolating cuba , was isolating the united states in our own backyard , ' he noted . the two countries have maintained contact through interests sections in havana and washington since 1977 , and in recent years they have increasingly cooperated on issues such as migration and drug trafficking . the state department has now recommended that cuba be taken off the terrorism list , a u.s. senate foreign relations committee aide said . obama is expected to agree , although it is not clear whether he will announce it during the summit . historic : president barack obama ( right ) waving among raul castro other presidents before the opening ceremony of the vii americas summit . obama has already used his executive authority to ease some trade and travel restrictions , and is seeking to encourage nascent small businesses in cuba by allowing more exports there . but only congress , controlled by republicans , can remove the overall u.s. economic embargo on the island . the rapprochement by obama has met some resistance in washington and among some influential cuban-americans . critics say cuba should not be rewarded unless it changes its one-party political system . while obama 's policy has been widely praised around latin america , this was tempered last month when his administration imposed sanctions on venezuela , cuba 's closest ally and main benefactor . that controversy now hangs over the summit this weekend . venezuelan president nicolas maduro plans to present obama with a petition signed by millions of people demanding that the sanctions be reversed . he is certain to receive support from castro and other left-wing leaders in latin america . ' it is no time for imperialism , threats , it is time for peace , co-operation , union , progress , prosperity , ' maduro said on arrival in panama .