friends of a british backpacker who drowned during a diving trip on the great barrier reef claim staff deleted photos that were taken shortly before the doomed young woman left the boat . bethany farrell , 23 , from essex , died on february 17 while in queensland 's whitsundays , a week into her dream gap-year when she went scuba diving for the first time . two people who were on the boat when ms farrell died have taken to tripadvisor to slam wings diving adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances . while one of the reviews criticises the way people on the boat were treated amid the panic , a friend makes the shocking claim that photos of the backpacker shortly before she died were deleted . the backpacker 's father is devastated that picture evidence , which may have been able to explain some of the mystery behind the drowning , was discarded before police could see it . british backpacker bethany farrell , 23 , died on february 17 while scuba diving in queensland 's whitsundays . ' there is no excuse , ' bethany 's father patrick farrell , 47 , told the courier mail . ' grave mistakes have been made . ultimately her life was in their hands . now she’s dead . ' ms farrell drowned on her first ever scuba dive after she became separated from her instructor while swimming on the great barrier reef , a week after beginning her gap year . she was found 11 metres down on the seabed in blue pearl bay , a beauty spot popular with divers . a post mortem determined the cause of death was drowning . last week a number of reviews from distressed fellow travellers - who were on the charter when ms farrell died - emerged , slamming the tour guides ' handling of the situation and claiming photographs were deliberately deleted . ' what was supposed to be a dream trip turned into the worst possible nightmare , ' one user wrote . the same traveller claimed the crew had taken photographs of ms farrell with others before the dive , but when they contacted wings diving adventure to try and get hold of the images they had been deleted . scathing reviews have been posted to tripadvisor slamming the wings diving adventures charter boat operators and claiming they deleted photographs of ms farrell . the young woman was just one week into gap year in australia when she tragically drowned . ms farrell was on her first scuba diving trip when she tragically drowned near blue pearl bay ( pictured ) . ' we got in contact with wings solely because they had pictures their staff had taken of the three of us before the dive . wings deleted these pictures to make way for pictures of their next trip ... . despite the likelihood of the police wanting those pictures as evidence , ' the review also read . ' wings have made no effort in contacting our friend 's family to express their condolences , we feel they are an absolute disgrace . ' another diver also on the same boat made similar claims , saying the people on the boat were left without any information for a number of hours after the incident which claimed ms farrell 's life . ' the girl who had the accident was found dead , and what 's worst is that i now know that they deleted all of the pictures that had been taken on the boat before they could give it to the girl 's family or police , ' another review claimed . ' this is destruction of evidence , and i want to make sure that wings does not get away with this , ' the traveller continued . this report was written by a distressed woman who was on the boat when ms farrell drowned . wings refused to comment when contacted by daily mail australia . ms farrell ( not pictured ) was found 11 metres down on the seabed in blue pearl bay in the whitsundays . when contacted by daily mail australia , wings diving adventures declined to comment on the incident , or whether any photographs had been deleted . queensland police said they could not comment on specific elements of the investigation . ms farrell 's father said he was not going on a ' witch hunt ' but was desperate to get the truth about his daughter 's death and the photographs . ' i don’t want to go on a witch hunt . but this will go to an inquest . we’re heartbroken and will do anything to get to the truth , ' he told the courier mail . the former soldier , who lives in colchester , essex , last spoke to his daughter on skype two days before her death . mr farrell , who is divorced from miss farrell’s mother caron , said at the time : ‘ the instructor had three students , one of them was bethany . one of the students decided she did not want to dive but we have not got the exact reasons why , so she remained on the boat which left the instructor , bethany and one of her friends . ‘ at some point , the diving instructor lost sight of bethany , then realised he could not locate her , returned the other student to the surface , sought help and went back down , presumably with some other people to help . ‘ they found bethany dead 11 metres down . they were meant to be diving to a depth of 5 metres . ’ the family has been told it could be months before the events leading up to miss farrell’s death are fully understood . ms farrell , who studied english literature and media at southampton solent university , had been in australia for a week and met up with some friends who were already there . she had been planning to work in the country for a year and posted a series of images to her account on photosharing website instagram in the days before her death on february 17 . the case is still being investigated by queensland police , who will hand a report over to the coroner .