a personal injury claims company has collapsed after being fined £80,000 for plaguing households with nuisance calls ( file picture ) . a personal injury claims company has collapsed after being fined £80,000 by the privacy watchdog for plaguing households with nuisance calls . direct assist , based in bolton , lancashire , told one complainant that they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim , despite repeated requests for their details to be removed . the information commissioner 's office ( ico ) and the telephone preference service ( tps ) registered 801 concerns about the company between january 2013 and july last year . every complaint came from someone who was registered with the tps and who had not given permission for the company to call them , the ico said . one elderly and deaf complainant said the callers left them in fear of answering the phone that they relied on to maintain contact with family . direct assist , which offered access to solicitors for claims , continued to call despite being given this information , the ico said . the ico found that direct assist instructed its staff to deliberately use phone numbers from lists that included people on the tps , even claiming that the calls were being made by someone else using their company name . ico head of enforcement steve eckersley said : ' direct assist 's behaviour shows a blatant disregard for the law and the customers they tried to contact . ' even though the tps contacted them 525 times to warn them about complaints being made they continued to market their services through unsolicited phone calls . ' this penalty sends a clear message that this type of irresponsible marketing is totally unacceptable . companies need to think about their responsibilities , the law and the consequences if they try to break it . ' direct assist has now gone into liquidation and the ico said it intended to register as an unsecured creditor in an attempt to obtain the fine . direct assist , based in bolton , lancashire , told one complainant that they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim , despite repeated requests for their details to be removed . which ? executive director richard lloyd said : ' this company has driven a coach and horses through cold calling rules and it 's good the ico has acted decisively . ' we want to see more fines when the rules change next week to make it easier for regulators to punish firms making these calls . ' we also want to see senior executives held personally responsible for their company 's behaviour on nuisance calls , which could include disqualifying company directors if they flout the rules . ' from april 6 , the legal requirement on the ico to prove ' substantial damage or distress ' will be removed to make it easier to impose fines .