hundreds of thousands of people who bought british gas shares in the 1980s are in line for a windfall after their investment soared in value last night . the shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to the hugely successful ‘ tell sid’ advertising campaign when british gas was privatised . last night shares in what is now called the bg group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p . the shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to the hugely successful ‘ tell sid’ advertising campaign when british gas was privatised . the rise came after the oil giant royal dutch shell announced plans to buy bg group in a £47billion deal . it is one of the biggest takeovers ever . news of the deal has driven up the price of shares in bg now owned by people who originally bought british gas shares in 1986 . british gas was privatised by margaret thatcher’s government after the widely publicised ‘ tell sid’ campaign . the share sell-off , which encouraged people to spread news of the offer with the slogan ‘ if you see sid , tell him’ , saw more than 1.5million people pay 135p a share when the company was listed on the stock exchange . in 1997 british gas was split in two to form the oil explorer bg group and the british gas owner centrica . shareholders received shares in both companies . those investors who retained these shares have since received hundreds of pounds in dividends . anyone who bought 100 shares at the time of privatisation would have paid £135 ( £366 today , after taken inflation into account ) . the holding across the now separate companies of centrica , national grid and bg group , is currently worth more than £1,604 . the proposed shell takeover will mean investors are now due 383p for every bg share they own . investors will also be in line for higher dividends . but the windfall pales in comparison to the rewards for bg group’s newly arrived chief executive helge lund who could be in line for more than £30million in pay and perks if the deal completes next year . ben van beurden , ceo of royal dutch shell , ( left ) shakes hands with the chairman gb group andrew gould ( right ) during a press conference to announce royal dutch shell has agreed to buy british gas , in london . mr lund was poached by bg to help turn around the group and started in february , just weeks before talks to sell the business began . the takeover , which will create a company valued at £200billion , could be the first of many in the oil sector as the falling oil price , means firms are vulnerable to predators . the bid has been months in the planning . shell ‘ ran the numbers’ on bg , britain’s third largest energy company , last year as its share price has fallen by a fifth since the oil price crash . his signing-on bonus was cut from £12 million to £10.8 million in december amid outrage from investors . shell’s chief executive ben van beurden made a call to bg’s chairman andrew gould on sunday march 15 and a ‘ cloak and dagger’ meeting took place at the dorchester hotel last month . he described the deal as a ‘ fantastic fit’ and said the ‘logic’ to buy bg has always been there but that the falling oil price made it a ‘ whole lot more compelling’ . the deal will have to be approved by a series of regulatory bodies worldwide including the european commission . shell employs more than 94,000 people across 70 countries . bg has 5,200 staff across 24 countries . news of the merger led to job fears . in the uk shell has around 6,500 staff while bg employs around 1,600 . shell is in the process of laying off 500 people at its north sea operations where old oil fields are becoming too expensive to operate . ben van beurden , ceo of royal dutch shell , ( left ) and andrew gould ( right ) . the takeover will create a company valued at £200billion . it could be the first of many in the oil sector as the oil prices fall . 