she was the woman who inspired three of the greatest love songs of all time and was at the heart of the most famous love triangle in rock history . married to both george harrison and eric clapton , model pattie boyd was one of the most envied women in the world . yesterday at the age of 71 , she wed for a third time – with a soundtrack provided by her irish terrier freddie who did his best to upstage the bride and her new groom , property developer rod weston . scroll down for video . pattie boyd has tied the knot for the third time , this time with rod weston at chelsea registry office , chelsea old town hall , in london . pattie , photographed with rod and their dog freddie , was famously married to both george harrison and eric clapton in the past . the couple look delighted as their leave the town hall to a shower of confetti . the setting was very rock and roll ; chelsea register office on the king’s road , where so many of pop’s leading men and women have married over the years . but that’s where any similarity with pattie’s famous past began and ended . there were still splashes of style , of course , from the bentley that took the happy couple to their wedding breakfast at the uber-trendy beaumont hotel in mayfair to the presence of pattie’s fellow sixties model edina ronay . but there were no groupies or hangers-on as there had been when she married clapton in 1979 or harrison in 1966 – just a handful of close friends and family who threw confetti as pattie and rod , who have been together almost 25 years , emerged from the cream-painted rossetti room arm in arm . and in a nod to the tradition of the bride wearing something borrowed , patti wore a hat owned by her late friend pat booth , the model turned best-selling author who died of cancer in 2009 . friends of the couple , who live in kensington , feared they would never tie the knot . ‘it’s almost our silver anniversary so we thought we had better get on with it , ’ said weston , 61 . george harrison ( who died in november 2001 ) and pattie boyd , 21 , leave epsom registrar office after their marriage in january 1966 . eric clapton married pattie boyd , the ex-wife of his friend george harrison , in 1979 . since settling down with weston , pattie , a former vogue cover girl , has turned herself into an accomplished photographer and her pictures have been exhibited all over the world . with the death of john lennon’s ex-wife cynthia last month , convent-educated pattie is now the sole surviving first wife of a beatle . born in somerset , she met harrison on the set of a hard day’s night in 1964 , when she was cast as a schoolgirl in the beatles’ first film . they were married two years later when she was 21 and harrison , 22 . he later wrote the song something for her . it was by no means the only famous song composed for the bewitching beauty . the 70-year-old model , photographer and author , has found love for the third time with weston . pattie showcased her age-defying good looks and sartorial prowess in a chic silver and blue coat jacket and silver dress . she accessorised her look with silver sandals and an oversized hat , and carried a posy of flowers as her guests showered her and her new husband with confetti . eric clapton , who pursued her passionately , rhapsodised about her refusal to abandon harrison for him with his anguished and electrifying hit layla . he also wrote his most famous ballad , wonderful tonight , for her . in her 2007 memoir , wonderful today , pattie broke 35 years of silence to describe how after years of mutual anguish which pushed clapton to the brink of a drug-induced breakdown , she eventually left harrison to marry clapton . her affair with the guitarist started in 1970 after he played layla to her for the first time . she said : ‘ he played it to me two or three times , all the while watching my face intently for my reaction . my first thought was , “ oh god , everyone’s going to know this is about me.’’ . pattie , now 71 , met property developer rod back in 1991 and he became her long-term partner . pattie with her mother and diana and sister jenny at her wedding on thursday . pattie , who has graced the cover of vogue numerous times , and had three of arguably the greatest love songs ever written for her , has had some of the most high-profile relationships of all time . the first time that pattie tied the knot was to george harrison in january 1966 and legend paul mccartney was best man . ‘ i was married to eric’s close friend george harrison , but eric had been making his desire for me clear for months . ‘ but with the realisation that i had inspired such passion and creativity , the song got the better of me . i could resist no longer . ’ later that day , clapton confronted harrison and said : ‘ i have to tell you , man , that i’m in love with your wife . ’ they finally got together in 1974 , marrying five years later . but while the songs have gone into rock history the marriage did not last and they split up in 1984 . for pattie , life these days is a lot less complicated and the bridge-playing former rock chick is happy to start a new chapter in her extraordinary life .