a sign on a diner window in oklahoma asking a homeless person who had been going through their rubbish to come for a free meal . the kindness of a diner owner who offered a free meal to a homeless person who had been searching through her rubbish has gone viral . ashley jiron , owner of p.b . jams in warr acres , oklahoma , noticed that someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant and decided try and get in contact with them . she taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward , so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge . the notice read : ' to the person going through our trash for their next meal , you 're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster . ' please come in during operating hours for a classic pb & j [ peanut butter and jam sandwich ] , fresh veggies , and a cup of water at no charge . no questions asked . ' a customer called greg king noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his instagram page with the hashtag # thatswhatlovelookslike - within a couple of days it had been shared thousands of times on social media . the owner told news channel 4 that she had n't expected it to receive such a huge response and was just trying to do the right thing . she said : ' last week , i had noticed some bags , when i had taken out the trash , were torn open and some of the food was taken out , ' ' that really , it hurt me that someone had to do that - i will not take down that sign until they come in . ' i think we 've all been in that position where we needed someone 's help and we just needed someone to extend that hand and if i can be that one person to extend that hand to another human being then i will definitely do it . ' thousands of people have since taken to social media to rave about ashley 's actions . facebook user lesley jaquay wrote : ' imagine if every restaurant did this . so much food goes to waste . good job pb jams ! would love to donate a few meals . ' another called brittany hueter wrote : ' i wish there were more business owners like you . these places that have a heart are where i like to spend my money at . ' ashley jiron , owner of p.b . jams in warr acres , oklahoma . greg king noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his instagram page , which was then picked up across the globe . after being impressed by the amount of people who got in touch to express their support , ashley launched a pay-it-forward scheme at her diner , where customers can pay for other people 's meals . she said : ' patrons can pre-pay a meal for a person in need . ' for each donation , a sticky nut will be placed on our wall . ' those who need to can come take a tag off the wall and use it to pay for their meal . ' donations not used by the end of the month will go towards purchasing food for a local homeless shelter . ' she has also launched a gofundme page for people who ca n't reach the diner but also want to be part of the project . ashley has now launched a pay-it-forward scheme at her diner . 