take that have come under fire after it emerged the pop stars have still not repaid the £20million they owe the taxman - one year after they were ordered to do so . gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald , who embark on their latest uk tour tomorrow , were told to pay back the cash 11 months ago after the ' investment ' scheme they put millions into was ruled invalid . it is understood the trio are dealing directly with hmrc but have yet to stump up the cash . scroll down for video . fury : take that members ( from left ) gary barlow , howard donald and mark owen have still not paid back the £20million they owe the taxman , one year after they were ordered to . the band begin their uk tour tomorrow . a source close to the band said : ' they are not appealing the decision , they are dealing directly with hmrc . ' the delay has been criticised by the taxpayers ' alliance , with pressure mounting further by the fact that tv sports presenter gabby logan has already fulfilled her promise to pay back all the money she owed from the ' tax shelter ' scheme , according to the sunday mirror . andy silvester , campaign director , said : ' everyone should play by the rules , and that means paying back on time if hmrc say so . ' however , the real moral of this story is that we desperately need to simplify the tax code to get rid of the loopholes that those with clever accountants can drive a take that tour bus through . ' politicians make an awful lot of noise about tax evasion and avoidance but are addressing the symptom rather than the cause . ' the take that trio have not appealed against last may 's tax tribunal ruling that the icebreaker scheme they paid millions of pounds into was created as a way of exploiting legal loopholes . repaid : other well-known clients who used the icebreaker ' investment ' scheme include tv sports presenter gabby logan ( pictured right ) . unlike gary barlow ( left ) , she has already repaid everything she owed . prime minister david cameron used a take that lyric during prime minister 's questions , directed at barlow , where he said ' we want your money back for good ' as part of a pledge to get tax avoiders to return £5billion . money poured into icebreaker , which used investment in the music industry to gain tax reliefs aimed at boosting the uk 's creative industries , did not attract income tax . icebreaker officials claimed that the initiative was funding music , supporting little-known artists to famous names such as sinead o'connor . but it was ruled by judge colin bishopp that the scheme was mainly for tax avoidance rather than investments . many of the 1,000 clients who invested in icebreaker claimed they did not know the scheme broke any rules . david cameron has previously used a take that lyric during prime minister 's questions , directed at barlow , where he said ' we want your money back for good ' as part of a pledge to have £5billion returned by tax avoiders . there is no suggestion robbie williams or jason orange took part in the icebreaker scheme , which saw more than 7,000 repayment notices , totaling £1.6billion , issued by hmrc as part of a crackdown . a spokesman for barlow , owen and donald said : ' i can confirm that gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald have now received confirmation from hmrc that their tax affairs are fully up to date . ' 