a father whose 20-year-old daughter was found murdered in iowa last year made a desperate plea from china for u.s. authorities to do more in tracking down her killer , six months after the girl 's body was discovered . and police in iowa seem to have now answered it , by issuing a warrant for the girl 's boyfriend , according to reports . tong shao , a chemical engineering student at iowa state university , went missing in september 2014 . after a three week search , police found her body stuffed in the trunk of her toyota camry in iowa city . shao 's boyfriend , xiangnan li , 23 , was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive , however he bought a one-way ticket to china in the days after his girlfriend went missing and has disappeared , cnn reported . wanted for murder : an arrest warrant has reportedly been issued for , xiangnan li , 23 ( right ) , the boyfriend of tong shaom 20 ( left ) , a university of iowa student found murdered in september after going missing . li had transferred to iowa from rochester institute of technology to be closer to tong . the two had meet studying english in beijing in 2011 . they had checked into a hotel room together on september 5 , 2014 . the pair had stayed at the same hotel three times before and the owner knew them . according to police records obtained by cnn , two days earlier tong had accidentally called li - or ' pocket dialed ' him - and he stayed on the line for 30 minutes , overhearing a conversation . tong was complaining about li to a friend and said things that ' were not nice ' , the records noted . the owner of the hotel told investigators li left the hotel either on the night of september 6 or the morning of september 7 , which he said was unusual , because he usually had to tell the couple to leave after the checkout time of 11am . li boarded a plane to china in cedar rapids , with a stopover in chicago , on september 8 . he landed september 10 . before li left iowa , a text from his phone was sent to one of tong 's roommates . ' this message was purportedly from ( tong ) and read that li had an emergency in china and was flying back there , that she was going to take a bus to minnesota to visit friends , and she would return in about a week , ' the police documents stated . on september 9 , karen yang , a friend of li 's sent him a message asking how things were going with tong . ' fine for now , ' he replied . killed : tong shao , 20 , was found dead in her toyota camry on september 26 at an apartment complex in southeast iowa city . police believe she had been in the car for three weeks . disappeared : police say li boarded a plane to china in cedar rapids , with a stopover in chicago , on september 8 , less than two days after his girlfriend was last seen alive . tong 's roommate , jean , filed a missing person report on september 18 , when she could n't contact her . together her roommates reached out to tong 's friends in minnesota via social media , however they had not heard from her . on september 26 were body was found in her car parked near a low income housing complex on the outskirts of iowa city . residents had reported a foul smell , and responding officers wore hazmat suits while inspecting the car , kcci 8 reported at the time . tong was found in the trunk , where her body had been for about three weeks , and next to her was a 15-pound barbell . an autopsy showed tong died of asphyxiation and blunt force trauma . a towel from the hotel had been wrapped around her head , according to police records . inside the car police found copies of li 's flight information . scene : investigators had to don hazmat suits to inspect tong 's car . her body is believed to have been in the trunk for three weeks before they found it . investigation : tong died of blunt force trauma and asphyxiation . her body was wrapped in a towel , and next to it was a 15-pound barbell , police say . stench : investigators grimace at the smell emanating from tong 's car after finding it dumped in september . a search of their hotel room found ' splatters and drips of various dried liquids throughout the room and behind the headboards of the beds , ' the records said , concluding that ' it is possible her death may have occurred in the hotel room ' . tong 's father , chunsheng shao , told cnn he was informed by detectives last month that an arrest warrant had been issued for li . li is wanted for the first-degree murder of tong shao . police would not confirm this , saying their investigations are ongoing . while it is the first break in the case since the discovery of tong 's body , mr shao says he wants more to be done in solving his daughter 's murder . mr shao and his wife saved $ 100,000 to send their daughter to university , and believed iowa would be a quiet , safe place for her . ' we 've given all our love to our daughter ' '' mr shao said . ' i feel my life is meaningless after losing her . ' tragic : tong , a junior chemical engineering student from china , was last seen in ames more than three weeks before her body was discovered . while the u.s. has strong ties with china , there is no extradition treaty between the two . legal experts say the most likely outcome is that china would prosecute people within china for crimes committed elsewhere . for mr shao , more needs to be done . ' we now plead with you , the u.s. authorities ... share the evidence you have gathered with the chinese authorities , ' he said . ' this honorable act could very well save the life of other innocent and vulnerable victims , and will most assuredly allow the soul of our precious daughter to be comforted and rest in peace . ' 