a young special needs girl from texas got the prom proposal of a lifetime . sophomore tiffany gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush , junior luis velasquez , holding a bouquet of flowers . gay 's classmates cheered as she held back tears of joy . some of them held signs that read , ' will you go to prom with me ? ' overjoyed : tiffany gay was overcome with emotion this week when her biggest crush luis velasquez asked her to be his date to the prom . the reveal : sophomore tiffany gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush , junior luis velasquez , holding a bouquet of flowers . heartwarming : luis velasquez asked tiffany gay to prom in front of the whole school this month . to add to the romance , bruno mars ' just the way you are ' played in the background of the magic proposal . ' he met tiffany back in the seventh grade , ' velasquez’s mom , jessica , told abc news . ' since then , tiffany has had the biggest crush on my son . and since the beginning of this school year , luis said he’s taking tiffany to prom , ' she added . gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called prader-willi syndrome ( pws ) that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite . according to the genetic disease foundation , ' pws typically causes low muscle tone , short stature if not treated with growth hormone , incomplete sexual development , and a chronic feeling of hunger that , coupled with a metabolism that utilizes drastically fewer calories than normal , can lead to excessive eating and life-threatening obesity . ' jessica velasquez said that gay is a wonderful girl and that her son cares about her . big crush : tiffany gay has had a crush on luis velasquez ever since she met him and velasquez promised to himself that he would take her to the prom this year . leading the way : velasquez leads gay to signs asking if she will go to the prom with him this year . the decision : velasquez hugs gay asks he pops a very special question and asks her to be his prom date . ' when you meet her , ' jessica said , ' she has that infectious smile and you’re just like , `` oh , my god , i want to hug you . '' ' yahoo reports that alpha gomez who works at the texas high school both students attend said that luis velasquez is ' one of the most giving students ' that he says he 's ever met . velasquez said that asking jessica to prom was something he always knew he would do . 'he’s a good kid , ' jessica said . ' not because he’s my son , but he is really a good kid . he has that nurturing , fathering personality . he’s always had it . ' video of the proposal has over 3.5 million views since being posted on tuesday . ' in the evening my brother sent me a text that my video was going viral , ' jessica recalled . ‘ i was like , ‘ what are you talking about ? and then i checked and said , `` oh , my god . '' ' a go fund me page has been set up to help raise money for tiffany gay 's special prom with a $ 1,000 goal . so far over $ 6,000 has been accumulated . she said yes ! : gay said yes to the proposal and was so happy that she was moved to tears this week . 