dustin wayne south died in louisville , kentucky , on wednesday after police were called to a field where south was seen wielding a gun . a 32-year-old man shot himself in the head during a firefight with police officers in kentucky as horrified witnesses watched the chaotic scene unfold . dustin wayne south died wednesday night at the louisville scene , in a field behind lassiter middle school , a normally peaceful neighborhood in the southern part of the city . the shootout occurred after a neighbor saw south walking around the field while waving a gun in the air . two bullets fired by police struck south , but neither was lethal , said jo-ann farmer , chief deputy coroner . he died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head . cherylyan rayhel said she watched from a window as south waved a gun and fired into the air just behind her house about 8pm , which is when she reported the situation to the police . officers yelled three times for him to drop the gun , but instead he raised it and pointed it at them , she said . gunfire erupted . she did not see the man turn the gun on himself . ' i saw him fall ; i screamed , ' rayhel said thursday morning . ' i have n't slept all night . ' the louisville metro police department identified the officers involved as rondall carpenter and zachary cooke . the officers have been placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of an internal investigation . this is the second fatal shoot involving carpenter in less than a year . last october , he and another officer , skylar graudick , were involved in a shooting that killed 38-year-old william chad mattingly , who had allegedly fired on the officers . louisville metro police officers rondall carpenter ( left ) and zachary cooke ( right ) were involved in a shootout with south , but south eventually shot himself in the head . the shooting remains under review with the commonwealth 's attorney . on wednesday night , rayhel said she saw south fighting with a woman in the street in front of her house , just around the corner from south 's home . south , weeping , hugged a young boy who was with the couple and turned to leave , rayhel said . the boy tried to chase him , but the woman held him back . neighbors described south as friendly and sweet . sherri reynolds said she often saw him in the neighborhood , playing with a little boy . but she said he 'd recently seemed troubled . last week , he went out for a drive ' to clear his emotions , ' he would later tell police . before police arrived on scene , a neighbor said that she saw south fighting with a woman in the street in front of her house . he ' was unaware of his surroundings ' and careened his truck off northwestern parkway in shawnee , according to court records . he slid down a hill into the shawnee golf course . he tried to drive through the golf course to find an exit , but got stuck in the mud , damaging a green as he tried to drive free . south was cited for criminal mischief and scheduled to appear in court for arraignment later this month . in may 2014 , he was arrested on allegations of domestic assault . his wife told police he came home drunk , became aggressive and pushed her 14-year-old daughter out of his way . she got between them , she said , and he pushed her into a countertop . he pleaded guilty days later to the lesser charge of harassment with physical contact . he completed alcohol treatment and domestic violence programs , and the court set aside the conviction . officers yelled at south to put down the gun when they arrived on scene , but instead he pointed it at them before turning it on himself . rayhel , who just moved to the neighborhood , did not know south . after he walked away from the confrontation with the woman , he disappeared around her house , noticeably agitated , toward a field between her backyard and the middle school . alone and frightened , she ran to her kitchen window that overlooks the field . she saw him wave a gun around and fire several times . it was close enough to rattle her windows , she said . she called 911 around 8pm and pleaded for help . officers arrived minutes later , she said . rayhel called her mother , still watching from her window as the officers closed in on south . they yelled for him to drop his gun . shawn jones , an eighth-grader , was with two friends behind the school when he heard the commotion and saw the man waving the handgun in the air . the man kept firing into the sky , he said . the officers yelled a second time for him to drop the gun , rayhel said . she told her mother she was afraid they were going to kill him in her backyard . ' baby , just look away , ' she recalls her mother telling her . the officers shouted for the man to drop his gun a third time and rayhel looked back up as gunshots rang out and south slumped to the ground . the coroner on thursday formally ruled his death a suicide . the incident , in which shots were fired by both the police and south , occurred outside a middle school at about 8pm on wednesday .