former hewlett packard head carly fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in california to ' liberal environmentalists , ' whom she says brought on the state 's water shortage with their policies . ' it is a man-made disaster , ' she told glenn beck during a monday radio interview . ' with different policies over the last 20 years , all of this could be avoided . ' the ' tragedy ' of california , fiorina , a maybe presidential candidate , said , is it ' has suffered from droughts for millennia , ' and still ' liberal environmentalists have prevented the building of a single new reservoir or a single new water conveyance system over decades during a period in which california’s population has doubled . ' scroll down for video . former hewlett packard head and maybe republican presidential candidate carly fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in california to ' liberal environmentalists , ' whom she says brought on the state 's water shortage with their policies . ' california is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other people’s lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology . it’s a tragedy , ' fiorina , a one-time california senate candidate , told beck , on blaze radio station . with the drought stretching into its fourth year , california 's democratic governor jerry brown last week signed an executive order limiting water consumption . excluded from the new restrictions , however , was the agricultural industry , which is responsible for 80 percent of the state 's water usage . republicans in the u.s. house of representatives approved a bill at the end of last year allowing water to be redistributed from the sacramento-san joaquin delta to drought-affected areas of the state , but the legislation died in the then-democratically-controlled senate . the measure was opposed by environmental groups , who said the water transportation system would disrupt the habitat of certain fish species , and the white house had said the president would veto the bill if it passed . zeroing in on president barack obama , fiorina , a republican , said monday , that ' [ he ] goes out to california a little over a year ago , calls it a tragedy of global warming and hands out money to a food bank . ' ' this is all about politics and policy , and it is liberal environmentalists who have brought us this tragedy , ' she continued . fiorina , now a resident of virginia , was referring to the president 's february 2014 visit to san luis obispo . there he pledged to give california 's food banks $ 60 million in aid , in addition to monies he said the state 's farmers would receive , $ 15 million , and monies that were set aside for watershed improvement measures . zeroing in on president barack obama , fiorina said monday , that ' [ he ] goes out to california a little over a year ago , calls it a tragedy of global warming and hands out money to a food bank . ''this is all about politics and policy , and it is liberal environmentalists who have brought us this tragedy , ' she continued . obama is pictured here in palm springs during the trip fiorina referred to . one of the so-called liberal environmental groups that fiorina blamed on monday for the state 's water woes later told the huffington post that the republican politician 's argument was ' irrational . ' knocking her as ' a science denier , ' nextgen climate said it was rich for fiorina ' to opine that democrats caused the drought in california . ' that 's ' about as irrational as believing someone who failed at running a business in california and then failed as a candidate for office in california has any cause to be running for the highest office in the land , ' the organization 's spokesman , bobby whithorne , said . another group , the sierra club , took issue with the scientific aspect of her claims . ' for more than 100 years , environmentalists have failed to stop the damming of nearly every significant river in california . and yet all of the hundreds of dams out there have done nothing to produce rain or snow pack over the last four years , ' kathryn phillips , director of the california chapter of the national organization , said , according to the huffington post . ' that 's because you ca n't store what 's not there , ' she said . ' we simply do n't have rain or snow pack and are suffering the worst california drought since water agencies and weather trackers started keeping records . ' a spokeswoman for fiorina doubled down her boss ' claims in an email to daily mail online , saying , ' it is clear that the radical environmental lobby would prefer to ignore the facts on this one . ' ' we are n't storing rainfall or building water conveyance systems in california because they are willing to put fish before people , ' fiorina spokeswoman sarah isgur flores said . taking the argument a step further , flores asserted that ' over 300 billion gallons of water are diverted away from farmers in the central valley and into the san francisco bay in order to protect the delta smelt , an endangered fish that environmentalists have continued to champion at the expense of californians . ' ' meanwhile , the president is touting the money he is sending to food banks but refuses to do anything about the 70 % of rainfall that is going out to sea , ' she added . ' those are n't talking points . those are the facts . '