from organising eggs hunts to whipping up chocolate cup cakes at midnight , celebrities are , it seems , just like the rest of us when it comes to easter . from kim kardashian 's last-minute baskets for toddler north west to myleene klass ' bunny-themed egg hunt , the stars took to instagram to show how they celebrated easter . kim kardashian . we wonder if kanye helped ? kim kardashian shared a snap of herself on instagram yesterday , while decorating colourful easter baskets , thought to be for her daughter north plus her niece and nephews . kim kardashian shared a snap of herself on instagram yesterday , while decorating colourful easter baskets . captioning the last-minute picture : ' easter prep ! ' , kim appeared to be filling four baskets with plenty of treats including chocolate bunnies , peeps marshmallows and jelly belly jellybeans . though one was no doubt intended for daughter north , the easter themed table suggests she was making a few for her niece penelope and nephews mason and reign too . egg-cited ! little north west was thrilled with her haul from an easter egg hunt last weekend . mariah carey . making easter cupcakes ! mariah appeared to be a dab hand with the cake mix while whipping up late-night treats for her three-year-old twins moroccan and monroe . ever the goddess , even of domestic perfection it seems , mariah carey shared this picture of herself on instagram late last night . busy in the kitchen , mariah captioned the snap ' making easter cupcakes ! ' likely baking the chocolate treats for her three-year-old twins moroccan and monroe , the singer appeared to be a dab hand with the cake batter . even if it was a little late in the day . amanda holden . easter egg hunt ! amanda holden shared this snap of her daughters hollie ( left ) , 3 , and lexie ( right ) , 9 , armed with baskets , wellies and dressing gowns , about to embark on a search for hidden treats around the garden . easter sunday in amanda holden 's house looks like it got off to a great start . the britain 's got talent judge shared this heartwarming picture on twitter , of her two daughters hollie , 3 , and lexie , 9 , embarking on an easter egg hunt . armed with pretty baskets , wellies and dressing gowns , the sun-dappled scene resembles an easter morning many youngsters might dream of . not getting it : the saturdays singer frankie bridge , currently pregnant with her second child , also staged an easter egg hunt for her 15-month-old son parker . though it sounds like he 's still to young to understand the aim of the game . myleene klass . myleene klass posted this adorable snap on instagram of her daughters ava ( right ) , 8 , and hero ( left ) , 4 , setting off on an easter egg hunt around the garden in matching outfits and cute bunny ear headbands . tv presenter myleene klass was another mum taking advantage of the reasonable april weather . she posted this adorable snap on instagram of her daughters ava 8 , and hero , 4 , setting off on an easter egg hunt around the garden . wearing matching outfits and bunny ear headbands , it looked like one fun morning in the klass house . fearne cotton . from one mum to another ! fearne cotton shared pictures of the beautiful easter flowers sent to her by mother-in-law jo wood . the mother-of-one is currently expecting her second child with husband jesse wood . fearne cotton may well have treated her two-year-old son rex to some sweet treats this easter , but he 's not the only one to receive a gift . the radio one presenter , who recently announced plans to leave her job at the bbc station , shared snaps of a beautiful flower bouquet sent to her by mother-in-law jo wood . from one mother to another , jo gifted her daughter-in-law the gorgeous blooms , which fearne called ' dreamy easter flowers ' in her instagram caption . other stars who had an egg-cellent day ! x factor singer sam bailey tweeted about her easter mishap : currently on holiday in new york with her husband and three children , it seems sam forgot to pack the easter eggs for her trip . show us the eggs ! model poppy delevingne shared this family snap of her niece and nephew excitedly waking up the house . egg-shaped , sort of : has the easter bunny crossed over to the dark side ? radio 6 presenter lauren laverne shared this hilarious snap on instagram of her son celebrating easter sunday with a star wars darth vader helmet . 