sweden’s passport has been named the most powerful in the world , but it turns out it’s also one of the most highly sought-after travel documents on the black market . the latest research suggests swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading , as there is no upper limit on the number of replacements available to the rightful holder . they can sell for as much as £6,000 each – far more than the £28 fee that sweden’s government charges for new or renewed travel documents . sweden 's passport was among the most frequently sold travel documents on the black market . the findings are contained in a new goeuro infographic which ranks the world’s most powerful passports and takes a look at quirky facts . when placed under an ultraviolet light a canadian passport displays colourful images on its pages , including the parliament building in ottawa . the finnish passport displays a walking moose when the pages are flipped , while the cover of belgium’s passports offer three different sequences of languages , starting with dutch , french or german . meanwhile , the british passport is also one of the most powerful travel documents on the planet , but it does n't come cheap . britons have one of the most powerful passports in the world , allowing visa-free access to 174 countries . the study suggests that uk travellers are paying some of the highest passport costs in the world , with fees being far less in places such as afghanistan , the united arab emirates , czech republic , china and russia . research by travel website goeuro found that the british passport is the 11th most expensive of 51 countries included in the study , and it takes a worker earning minimum wage 11 hours to pay it off . the uae has the most affordable passport at just £9 , while turkey has the most expensive at £166 , said berlin-based goeuro . based on its research the travel website named sweden 's passport the most powerful in the world . it allows visa-free entry into 174 countries – the same as finland , germany , the uk and the us – but was ranked no 1 by the website due to its cost . swedes pay just £28 for a passport , with goeuro claiming that it takes only one hour for the average worker to pay it off . sweden doesn’t have a legal minimum wage , and salaries are determined through collective bargaining . when cost is used as the deciding factor , the uk passport is the fourth most powerful in the world – behind sweden , finland and germany – with a fee of £73 . in liberia , it would take a worker earning minimum wage 278 hours to pay off the country 's £33 passport . and it appears travellers around the world would love to get their hands on a uk passport . in a recent poll 20 per cent of those surveyed said they would choose a uk passport if they could get an extra nationality in addition to their own , even though it is one of the most expensive in the world . it was followed by passports for the us ( 18 per cent ) , switzerland ( 17 per cent ) , germany ( 10 per cent ) and canada and australia with nine per cent each .