everton midfielder james mccarthy believes ross barkley is more than capable of handling the highs and lows which accompany the tremendous expectation which rests on his shoulders . the 1-0 victory over southampton , courtesy of captain phil jagielka 's fifth goal of the season , was a case in point . in the first half he produced a brilliant piece of control and skill to skip past three opponents and launch an attack from deep inside his own half which brought goodison park to its feet . everton midfielder james mccarthy believes ross barkley is capable of handling the pressure on him . mccarthy ( left ) said he thought barkley was ' different class ' despite a mistake with an ambitious pass . however , when his ambitious pass after the break gifted possession to the visitors the all-too familiar sound of loud groans echoed around the ground . then , to cap it all , manager roberto martinez 's decision to replace him with 20 minutes to go - a requirement to help shore up a tight game - was greeted with disagreement and boos . it is difficult to know what barkley , who was lauded for two substitute appearances for england in the last 10 days , thought of it , but mccarthy is confident the youngster can deal with the complexities and confusion which appear to surround most of his performances . ' i think ross was different class , ' he said . ' i thought he worked really hard for the team and was a real nuisance driving at people and it was brilliant to see him high in confidence having been away with england . barkley was withdrawn with 20 minutes to go at goodison park , a decision that brought boos from the crowd . ' ross is a good lad and has his feet firmly on the ground and has a lot of people at the club looking after him . ' he wo n't get carried away . we have a lot of characters , a lot of experienced heads in the dressing room and there is no better place to be for him . ' aside from jagielka 's 16th-minute goal , giving the centre-back his best tally in eight years at the club , the only other notable action saw goalkeeper tim howard claw away graziano pelle 's early shot from under his crossbar and throw out a hand , while diving the wrong way , to stop james ward-prowse 's strike . everton achieved what they were unable to do earlier in the season and ground out victory to make it three successive wins , moving them to 11th in the table , with the relegation fears of a couple of weeks ago now a thing of the past . with nothing to play for in their remaining seven matches mccarthy believes the motivation is to remain unbeaten until the end of the campaign . mccarthy is confident youngster barkley can deal with the complexities of his sometimes indifferent form . ' we want to kick on , go on a winning run and finish the season strongly , ' he added . ' we have won three games and we want to go unbeaten until the end of the season , although that is easier said than done . ' there has been a big improvement . so far , so good , but we wo n't get carried away . ' the most important thing was to get three points and dig in deep to secure it with a clean sheet . ' with leading scorer romelu lukaku not quite ready to return after a hamstring injury , the onus was on other players to step up , but few would have bet on jagielka being the match winner against saints . everton secured a 1-0 victory over southampton , courtesy of captain phil jagielka 's fifth goal of the season . ' he is different class . he is brilliant to have at the club and is a true leader on the pitch , ' said mccarthy . ' a lot of people have been saying the last few weeks he has been exceptional , but for me he has been outstanding throughout the campaign and he is chipping in with goals . ' southampton boss ronald koeman conceded his side 's champions league hopes were now over , but was still keen to secure european football next season . southampton boss ronald koeman conceded his side 's champions league hopes were now over . ' european football for the club will be a great success if we reach it , ' he said . ' if we showed the ambition we showed ( against everton ) then we will have a good chance . ' italy international pelle has not scored in nine matches for his club - he did manage one against england in midweek - but koeman still backs him . ' pelle is struggling but that is football , it is normal . if i do n't have confidence i do n't pick him in the line-up , ' he added .