it may have been her impressive vocals that propelled her to fame in 2012 's series of the x factor , but it turns out her long flowing locks have also become the source of much attention . it 's now been revealed that x factor finalist and pop star ella henderson has joined forces with dry shampoo brand batiste . the 19-year-old has been announced as the official face of the batiste 's 2015 ' ready for it' campaign , and this will mark the star 's first brand collaboration . scroll down for video . x factor finalist , ella henderson , has been revealed as the face of dry shampoo company batiste . the campaign images shows the singer stood against a blurred and vibrant city background showcasing a variety of hairstyles . in one shot , henderson is seen with her glossy lustrous hair worn down and in a wavy style . she wears a plain black blouse with a black fringed leather jacket thrown on top . another series of images shows the singer with her hair in a tousled half-ponytail , with tendrils framing her face . she sports a long-sleeved maxi dress with black animal-print sheer panels teamed with gleaming nude make-up . the campaign sees the 19-year-old singer stood against a blurred city background with her long hair styled into a half-pony . the partnership between the platinum award-winning artist and the uk 's number 1 dry shampoo brand was fused together by the miles agency . and the international campaign launched with a tv advertising campaign , featuring the singer 's latest single , mirror man . henderson has commented on her excitement on working with the brand , citing it as a product she uses regularly . the young star is pictured wearing a black lacy dress with sheer panels in the glamorous pictures . mark hargreaves , the ceo of crown talent & media group - who manage ella - has commented : ' this campaign marks the very first endorsement for ella henderson . ' she is a remarkably talented international artist and batiste is a loved and respected brand , used by girls all over the world . ' the synergies between both artist and brand just naturally came together and i look forward to a very exciting 2015 . '