a ' perfectionist ' straight a student who was stressed about her studies was killed by a speeding train , a coroner heard today . chandni nigam , 19 , spent six years battling demons which spawned from an obsession to do well at school , an inquest into her death was told . miss nigam would stay up late studying , resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school - which caused further depression and anxiety . berkshire coroner peter bedford heard the teenager , who had been a volunteer at the london olympics in 2012 , was also worried about her appearance . an inquest heard chandni nigam , 19 , spent six years battling demons which spawned from an obsession to do well at school . stock photo . tragically , she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and had even said she would stand in front of a fast train on a tuesday to take her life - which is how she ultimately died . miss nigam had seen a number of doctors over several years , but her father ankush nigam told the inquest that she had often refused treatment . he explained that he felt he was ' torturing ' his daughter by making her attend appointments - and eventually accepted that she would one day take her life . on february last year , the teenager was struck by a train travelling from london paddington to hereford at twyford railway station in berkshire . in a statement to the court , train driver stephen wood said he saw a pair of legs running into his view from the right as he approached the station . mr wood said : ' i saw a person turn towards me and spread their arms wide apart . the train struck this person . ' the driver had applied the emergency brake and paramedics were called to the scene , but miss nigam , from lower earley , berkshire , died instantly from multiple injuries . mr nigam said : ' i 'm glad she 's in a peaceful place . ' he said his daughter first started showing signs of depression and sleep deprivation at 13 and had been on various medication since . the teenager was struck by a train in february last year at twyford railway station ( pictured ) in berkshire . her doctors had believed she showed improvement when on medication , but she was often reluctant to take it . and mr nigam criticised doctors for not believing him and his wife when she said their daughter 's condition was worse than she presented to medics . she told doctors she did not want medication for her condition and was not judged to be a suicide risk . but mr nigam said his concerns were not taken seriously , even when he explained she had told her parents how she would kill herself in october 2013 . he said his daughter had said she knew the times of fast trains and that it would be on a tuesday . ' that was the first time she made a comment in respect of the train , ' he said . ' she clicked her fingers and said it would be instantaneous , so do n't worry . ' the inquest heard she told doctors she did not want medication for her condition and was not judged to be a suicide risk . mr nigam said he began to accept there was nothing that could be done to help his daughter . he said : ' nobody was willing to accept our version of events . what she said was given so much significance while what we said was ignored . ' i thought i might as well just let her go . i was waiting for something like this to happen . i literally felt like a passenger . ' i wish i had not subjected her to any of those doctors or anybody now . all i have done is added to her misery . ' he added that every time he dropped his daughter off at a train station , he feared it would be the last time he saw her . he believes his daughter eventually took her life because she feared she would be put back on medication . the inquest heard miss nigam had suffered from a number of conditions in addition to depression , including acne , malnutrition , hair loss and itchy skin . she had achieved all a and a* grades at gcse level , but was in and out of school and college as she battled her illness . the inquest continues . for confidential support in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here . .