a british couple who are believed to have fled their berkshire home with their four young children in a bid to escape to syria have reportedly been arrested in turkey . asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , and their four children were caught on cctv boarding a cross-channel ferry from dover earlier this month . thames valley police believed they arrived in calais , france , before travelling south down through europe in a bid to flee to syria . however , a turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in ankara and are currently in custody with their four children - daughter zoha , seven , and three sons essa , four , zakariva , two , and yahya , one . photos released by the turkish government show asif malik ( left ) and his partner sara kiran ( right ) pushing prams for their young children . they have been arrested by police in ankara as they tried to go to syria . asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , and their four young children have reportedly been arrested in ankara , turkey . the family of six have been missing from their home in slough , berkshire , since april 7 . the family , who were spotted on cctv at dover catching a ferry to france on april 8 ( pictured ) , were not reported missing by their relatives until eight days later . police fear they may have been trying to get to syria . malik , 31 , who has fled the uk with his family , was pictured at a protest outside the lebanese embassy in london in may last year holding a pro-isis poster . the large poster stated ' stop terrorism against sunnis ' . earlier , british authorities had said that there was no suggestion the family was doing any fighting in syria , and it was unclear whether they were sympathetic to members of the islamic state group or syrian president bashar al-assad . but earlier today , the mail revealed how malik was pictured waving a flag in support of isis at a demonstration in london last year . the photograph shows malik - a member of the banned uk extremist group al-mujahiroun - holding a pro-isis sign at a protest against the arrest of hate preacher omar bakri muhammad in may last year . the picture , taken by extremism researcher jacob michelson , shows the 31-year-old standing outside the lebanese embassy in london brandishing a poster which reads ' islamic state is solution ' , with the first letter of each word highlighted to spell out ' isis ' . bakri , who led a number of hate groups in britain before being kicked out of the uk , was arrested in lebanon in may , and is believed still to be in detention there . earlier today ms kiran 's family made an emotional appeal directly to her , urging her to get in touch so that they know the family is safe . ' we would like to urge you , sara and asif , to make contact with us and let us know that you and the children are safe , ' relatives said in a statement . ' sara , we want to let you know that we love you - we miss you , asif and the grandchildren . you are not in trouble , we are not angry or upset , and we just want you to return home safely . ' thames valley police said yesterday that the malik family were last seen on tuesday april 7 but were only reported missing to police last thursday , april 16 . malik ( left ) and dhar ( right ) are pictured at a protest outside outside regent 's park mosque in may last year . asif malik ( left ) and his partner sara kiran ( right ) disappeared from their home in berkshire this month . malik and ms kiran , who neighbours said usually wore the full islamic veil , left home without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members , which a force spokesman said was ' entirely out of character for this family ' . police said the family boarded a ferry from dover to calais at 12.30am on wednesday , april 8 . neighbours said the alarm was raised after at least one of their four children failed to attend school . their grandmother was also seen looking for them and knocking on other doors in the modern block of flats where they lived , asking if anyone had seen the family . neither malik nor his partner have attempted to contact any family members or friends since , despite taking their mobile phones with them on the trip , police said . police said the lack of contact led detectives to believe their reason for leaving britain may not be legitimate . deputy chief constable john campbell said yesterday : ' given the online rhetoric from the islamic state encouraging people to travel to syria , the direction of travel and concerns voiced by asif 's family , we are concerned the family may be seeking to travel to syria . ' anjem choudary confirmed yesterday that malik had been a member of al-mujahiroun , and described him as a ' champion for shariah ' who regularly attended the group 's events and demonstrations . the malik family 's last known address in slough , berkshire , was in the block of flats on the left of this image . siddhartha dhar posted this picture of himself with a gun and his newborn baby on twitter shortly after arriving in syria last year . dhar fled to syria with his pregnant wife and three young children last year . both malik and dhar are believed to be followers of notorious preacher anjem choudary ( pictured above ) . dhar - one of choudary 's top henchmen - fled to syria with his pregnant wife and three young children last year while under investigation by scotland yard . he was one of nine men who were detained on september 25 last year on suspicion of encouraging terrorism and supporting al-muhajiroun . just hours after publicly declaring he had arrived in syria , dhar announced he had become a father to a baby boy who was a member of the latest generation of islamist extremists . he wrote : ' alhamdulillah , allah blessed me with a healthy baby boy in the islamic state . he is another great addition to the islamic state . and he 's definitely not british . ' in a picture posted on twitter at the time , dhar was seen posing with an ak47 in one hand and his new-born baby in the other while standing in front of a mustard-coloured pickup truck , wearing a thick military style coat and boots . two other followers of choudary who have left britain to join a terror group are abu rahin aziz , from luton , and former nhs surgeon mirza tariq ali . aziz skipped bail before he was handed a 36-week jail sentence in absence for attacking a football fan in london 's west end , while ali was arrested for repeatedly assaulting a bystander at a rally and was reported to have been killed while fighting with the taliban last month . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .