tina fey 's husband has spoken over the suicide of a celebrity dermatologist who killed himself in the wake of a ' bullying ' tv series which apparently parodied him for laughs . jeff richmond , who is an executive producer and the music composer on his wife 's show unbreakable kimmy schmidt , described the death of fredric brandt , 65 , on sunday as ' very sad ' , speaking exclusively to daily mail online . it came as sources close to brandt said the doctor , who suffered from depression , told people magazine he was ' definitely hurt ' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the netflix show . the friend called the kimmy schmidt send up ' bullying , ' but added that it did not cause his suicide . brandt was found hanged in the garage of his miami mansion on sunday morning . he was pronounced dead at the scene , according to the police report . the character in question , dr franff , had a high-pitched laugh , a speech impediment and absurd habits like drinking from a surgical bag . his face appears to be a grotesque exaggeration of brandt 's own appearance . scroll down for videos . speaking out : jeff richmond , left in new york city today , spoke out today over the death of dr fredric brandt . the plastic surgeon was reportedly upset over his portrayal in unbreakable kimmy schmidt , which richmond 's wife tina fey , right , created and for which richmond has producing credits . dr fredric brandt ( left ) has a striking resemblance to dr franff ( right ) , a character on tina fey 's netflix show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt . he was reportedly devastated by the portrayal . sources were today opening up about how brandt was wounded by the characterization - though they said that this suicide could not be pinned on one insulting tv show . a friend speaking people said : ' it was making fun of him for the way he looked and it was mean and it was bullying . ' ... it was n't the only thing troubling him , it was just one factor . it definitely hurt him . he was absolutely upset , who would want that ? but that was not why he committed suicide . but it did n't help . another source , speaking to the new york daily news , said that brandt had become fixated on his appearance and cried in front of patients . the source said : ' he worked 15-hour days , his office was jam-packed , and i paid him a compliment . he was so sensitive he started to cry . he said how awful the public was , and how mean people are . he was really affected by negative feedback . ' when dailymail.com asked richmond about brandt 's death near his home in new york city 's upper west side , he said he had n't been aware of it . he said : ' that 's very sad . i do n't know anything about it . i just got home . tina might know , i do n't . she 's not home . ' brandt was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry , with high-profile stars including madonna , stephanie seymour and kelly ripa . the doctor was found dead at his coconut grove mansion in miami where he lived alone with his dogs . a male friend who was staying at the home out of concern for the doctor called 911 at 9.17am , according to a police statement . he had last seen brandt on the saturday night . the police report stated that the victim was suffering from depression and was currently taking medication for it . he had also been seeking daily treatment from a psychiatrist . the miami-dade county medical examiner department confirmed that an autopsy will be conducted on monday . dr brandt was famed for his appearance , which displayed many of his dermatology techniques . the cosmetic surgeon , pictured left , with hugh jackman 's wife , deborra-lee furness , gallery owner lisa fox and sting 's wife trudie styler at a donna karan party in february last year . dr brandt , a cosmetic dermatologist and well-known art collector , at his apartment in new york on march 7 , 2014 . marc jacobs and dr brandt pictured after lunching at pastis restaurant in the meatpacking district of new york city in june 2009 . in a 2014 profile in the new york times , he said that his goal was to ' restore the face to harmony ' . ' i approach each face with a visual perception , an artistic perception and a medical perception , ' he said . the article , which described the doctor as an ' unnervingly ageless-looking personage ' , said that he was sought out by the rich and famous for his signature y lifts , where fillers are injected below the cheekbones . it was also widely known that dr brandt injected products including botox , restylane , perlane , juvéderm , voluma , the times reported , into his own face , erasing his wrinkles , leaving him with full lips and an ageless quality . brandt worked with stars including madonna , stephanie seymour and jane holzer . left , the doctor is pictured with morning show host kelly ripa in 2011 at his dr fredric brandt 's siriusxm launch and right , with comedian joy behar at the same event . dermatologist dr frederic brandt poses for a portrait with his luxury skin-care line in november 2013 , in miami , florida where he had one of two medical practices . involvement : richmond , pictured above on the upper west side , has a producing credit on the episode involving the apparent brandt parody character . do n't know : richmond said he did n't know anything about the death , and suggested questions be directed to his wife tina fey . the doctor told the times that people often asked him if he was from sweden . brandt grew up in weequahic neighborhood of newark , new jersey where his parents ran a candy store . his father died when he was a teenager and he lost his mother before he graduated from rutgers university in 1971 . he went on to attend hahnemann medical college in philadelphia . he completed residencies at nyu 's department of internal medicine and then in dermatology at the university of miami . he set up a practice in coral cables , miami in 1982 and began part-time work in new york in 1998 but quickly expanded to become one of the most in-demand cosmetic appointments . security was tight in the gated entrance to dr brandt 's miami home on sunday . his publicist declined to comment on the circumstances or cause of death . he would sometimes see around 30 patients a day at his midtown manhattan offices , which is filled with expensive art works , for appointments costing thousands of dollars . brandt was considered as the number one injector of botox and restylane filler in the world . the doctor was regarded by his peers as a pioneer in the field and often gave lectures on the use of products . dr brandt also has a range of high-end dermatological products . a 1.35 oz ' do not age with dr. brandt ' transforming pearl serum costs $ 150 . he wrote two books about his work , '10 minutes/10 years : your definitive guide to a beautiful and youthful appearance ' and 'age-less : the definitive guide to botox , collagen , lasers , peels , and other solutions for flawless skin ' . along with his miami mansion , dr brandt had a luxury apartment on the west side of manhattan with sweeping views of the hudson river and filled with the esteemed art collection . representatives for dr brandt and fey have yet to responded dailymail.com 's request for comments . a netflix spokesman declined to comment . dr brandt had famed practices ( pictured ) in miami and manhattan . in a 2014 profile , he said that his goal was to ' restore the face to harmony ' .  abravanel said that sources told her dr brandt was ' devastated ' over comparisons to the enthusiastic doctor on unbreakable kimmy schmidt . the plastic surgeon , dr franff , in the netflix comedy , is played by comedy veteran martin short and had drawn unflattering comparisons to real-life dr brandt . in one scene , where the lead character kimmy almost gets plastic surgery , the doctor is seen drinking from a hamster feeder . martin short had a small role as dr franff in one episode of the tv show 's first season . when he is punched by the main character , kimmy , as she struggles to escape the plastic surgeon 's chair , his face dents like putty - which he then inflates with an air tube . dr franff appears in episode four of the first and only season of unbreakable kimmy schmidt . he 's a botox-loving plastic surgeon played by martin short . the show follows a kimmy ( ellie kemper ) , who was rescued from an underground bunker after years of being held hostage by a cult leader . she then is hired to be a nanny for the step-children of socialite jacqueline ( jane krakowski ) . in the fourth episode of the show , jacqueline visits dr franff to discuss a ' foot lift ' of sorts because she believes that ' feet are the new butts ' . in the fourth episode of the netflix show 's first and only season , dr franff makes a short appearance as a cosmetic doctor who consults with kimmy ( ellie kemper ) and jacqueline ( jane krakowski , pictured ) . dr franff 's almost-overly smooth skin and platinum blond hair share a resemblance with that of dr fredric brandt , who is known for being the cosmetic dermatologist of stars including madonna and stephanie seymour . franff is portrayed as a deranged doctor , whose face is so frozen from plastic surgery and other procedures that he even has trouble forming words at times . in the episode , he cheerily suggests several barbaric-sounding surgeries for jacqueline , as well as on kimmy . franff 's platinum blond hair and tight skin have a stark resemblance to that of cosmetic dermatologist fredric brandt .