police in delaware charged a woman with fatally stabbing her husband in their home after an argument about him cheating on her with own her sister and their nanny 's daughter . new castle county police charged temitope adebamiro with first-degree murder on friday after being called to her home in bear early on thursday morning because of an ' unknown problem ' . when they arrived at the home around 12:40am , they found 37-year-old adeyinka adebamiro unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes . scroll down for video . temitope adebamiro , 35 , was charged with murder on friday after her husband 's death was ruled a homicde . police were called to a home in bear , delaware , early on thursday and found adeyinka adebamiro stabbed . paramedics pronounced him dead about an hour later and the delaware division of forensic science ruled adeyinka’s death a homicide , according to the news journal . the husband , adebamiro , their two children and a nanny had been living at the home for two years . adebamiro , 35 , and the victim had been married for more than ten years , although she told police he had physically abused her while she was pregnant , cheated on her with several women and sent her to nigeria on multiple occasions . she said he last sent her to nigeria over christmas so he could spend it with the nanny 's daughter . detectives determined there was a verbal argument that led to a physical altercation . the argument allegedly began after the victim found photos on adebamiro 's cellphone that she had taken of pictures he had stored on his mobile phone . the stored pictures were of adebamiro 's sister and the nanny 's daughter . at some point after the argument , a single stab wound severed the victim 's carotid artery and jugular vein . adebamiro 's story about what happened changed several times and she suggested that her husband killed himself as well as mentioned a power outage that never happened . she did not ever admit to the killing , but investigators felt there was enough evidence to charge her . in addition to murder , adebamiro was charged with possession of a weapon during the commission of a felony . she was arraigned and committed to the delores j baylor women’s correctional institution where she is being held without bail .