jeremy clarkson will return to the bbc but not on top gear - even though bosses still have n't found his replacement . bbc2 boss kim shillinglaw , who has been tasked with finding a new presenter for the show , said clarkson ' will be back ' on the bbc , despite his very public sacking from top gear just last month . speaking today about the show 's future , the executive insisted there was ' no ban on jeremy being on the bbc ' and that the 54-year-old would return to the corporation once he had ' had some time ' . scroll down for video . bbc2 boss kim shillinglaw ( left ) who has been tasked with finding a new presenter for the show , said clarkson ( right ) ' will be back ' on the bbc , despite his very public sacking from top gear just last month . the final scenes filmed by the top gear team ( pictured ) before jeremy clarkson was unceremoniously sacked from the show will be aired this summer , according to the head of bbc2 . it comes as ms shillinglaw revealed that clarkson 's final moments on the motoring show would be aired this summer , saying that there was ' no way ' she would let the material go to waste . she said : ' jeremy will be back on the bbc . it 's serious and unfortunate what happened but there is no ban on jeremy being on the bbc . ' it 's a a big deal what happened and jeremy , as any human being would , needs some time . ' earlier this month , clarkson pulled out of his planned appearance hosting bbc satirical show have i got news for you , which was due to be filmed this week , and aired a day later . it would have marked his first bbc appearance since the fracas which led to his departure . referring to that decision , ms shillinglaw said : ' the bbc was prepared to have him on have i got news for you , it was n't the bbc 's decision not to go ahead with that particular show . ' she confirmed that the scenes filmed before clarkson 's sacking were likely to air this summer , saying : ' no way would i want the available material not to be seen by viewers . ' kim shillinglaw refused to say who would be replacing clarkson . asked if it would be a woman , she said female candidates were being considered . the channel boss also admitted that she had not yet found anyone to fill clarkson 's shoes on top gear . amid growing pressure for a woman to be appointed as the lead host , she added that she not thinking of his replacement ' in terms of gender ' . she said : ' i worked a lot with female presenters and when i used to work in science that was something across the piece that i really wanted to tackle , but i do n't think i 've ever approached an individual show thinking that was the way i want to cast it , so i think it 's an open book on that . ' we 'll definitely look at some women , but it 's not a driving priority . ' she added that the process of reinventing the show without its main star was ' creatively exciting ' . clarkson was suspended by the bbc last month during an internal investigation after he attacked top gear producer mr tymon , splitting his lip and verbally abusing him . clarkson 's contract was not renewed , with director-general tony hall saying ' a line has been crossed ' and ' there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' . but the broadcasting veteran received widespread public support , including from friend david cameron . clarkson has said he is already thinking about his next television project . he wrote in his column for the sunday times : ' i have lost my baby but i shall create another . ' i do n't know who the other parent will be or what the baby will look like , but i can not sit around any more organising my photograph album . ' clarkson also revealed he was told he ' probably ' had cancer two days before the ' fracas ' with mr tymon , although he has since been given the all-clear . he said he considered turning his back on presenting altogether in the immediate fall-out from the incident . jeremy clarkson was suspended by the bbc last month after hitting a producer in a row at a hotel , before being told his contract would not be renewed by the corporation ( pictured , in london earlier this month ) . he told the sunday times : ' let 's stop being silly and pick up the pieces and start again ... i just know i 'm going to do another car show . ' earlier this month , north yorkshire police said clarkson would face no further police action over his attack on the producer at a hotel . clarkson first appeared on top gear in 1988 , just after noel edmonds quit as lead host , rising through the ranks before leaving the show temporarily in 2001 during a ratings slump . when the show relaunched in 2002 , clarkson had rejoined the programme as head presenter , alongside richard hammond and jason dawe - who was replaced by james may in series two . the new studio-style format saw the show become the most watched programme on bbc2 , and has been voted the best show on british television . clarkson 's brash presenting style , that often flirted with the boundaries of good taste , earned him legions of admirers and critics , and controversy was never far behind . he was censured by bbc bosses in 2014 after apparently using the n-word on television while reciting a nursery rhyme , and caused a stir a few months later after the top gear team were attacked while filming in argentina . locals had taken offence to a numberplate on clarkson 's car which read 'h982 flk ' - thought to be a reference to the falklands war .