manchester city players will lose £500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . the premier league title holders give star players like sergio aguero , david silva , joe hart and yaya toure incentivised contracts to make sure the club stay within financial fairplay requirements and they will miss out on a big payday if city fail to reach the group stages of europe 's top competition . manuel pellegrini 's lost to rivals manchester united in the 169th manchester derby at old trafford on sunday with their european hopes still in the balance . manchester city stars such as sergi aguero could miss out on £500k bonuses if they finish fifth . manuel pellegrini 's team are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules . city are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals liverpool after defeat in the manchester derby and if brendan rodgers ' side beat newcastle united on monday . the top three finishers in the premier league qualify automatically for the champions league with the fourth-place team required to win a qualifying round to join them . in total , the city squad have around £12million resting on reaching their european target . pellegrini has admitted city have let their season disintegrate after starting 2015 joint-top with chelsea . they have subsequently lost seven times including early exits in the fa cup and champions league . yaya toure is another player who could miss out on a big payday if city fail to finish in the top four . joe hart and james milner look dejected at the end of city 's defeat to crystal palace last week . april 19 west ham united ( h ) . april 25 aston villa ( h ) . may 3 tottenham hotspur ( a ) . may 10 queens park rangers ( h ) . may 17 swansea city ( a ) . may 24 southampton ( h ) . ' in the last three months , we have thrown it into the garbage , ' admitted the city manager . ' we are doing some things very badly , that’s why we must improve . ' they now face a battle to sign world-class players like juventus midfielder paul pogba who also interests united . old trafford boss louis van gaal saw his side go four points clear of city after the victory and is confident of adding top-class talent in the next transfer window . ' i do n't have any doubt that players are coming to manchester united , ' he said . 