steve clarke admits his reading side require the ‘perfect’ performance to stand any chance of beating arsenal — but concedes he has yet to see that from one of his teams during his managerial career . reading have struggled in the championship this campaign whereas arsene wenger’s side are the in-form side in the premier league going into their fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . ‘there’s only the pressure that we put ourselves under to play the perfect game and make no mistakes , ’ said clarke . steve clarke insists his reading side must be ' perfect ' to have any chance of beating arsenal at wembley . ‘ we must make sure that the preparation and mentality are right and we give everything we’ve got . ‘we’ve mentioned about having no regrets coming off the pitch and i promise you the players will give everything they’ve got to try to get a result . ‘ we have to play almost the perfect game — to be solid , resolute and mentally strong . it’s a game where we can’t make too many mistakes . if you make mistakes against the top teams they will punish you . if we can do that we’ve got a chance . ’ clarke , 51 , is still feeling his way as a manager , having taken charge of west bromwich albion for a season in 2012 before taking the reading job last summer . the royals dispatched of bradford in the last round as they hope to reach the fa cup final for the first time . asked how many times he had seen a perfect display from one of his sides , he replied : ‘ probably none , so it’s a big ask . but you have to ask it . ’ clarke has never beaten wenger and added : ‘ i had a couple of good games against them at west brom . i know they are a good team with good players but if we play the perfect game we have a chance . ’ clarke has challenged his players to make history by getting to the fa cup final for the first time . eighty-eight years ago they made it to this stage but clarke is not content with matching that . ‘it’s not unique history , it’s shared history , ’ he said . ‘ if they get to the final , no other reading team has done that . that is the history they have to make . ' clarke has never beaten arsene wenger as a manager and there 's no better place to start than wembley .