a czech politician says he has created an entirely new country by claiming three-square-mile patch of land along the croatia-serbia border that neither country claims is theirs . vit jedlicka , 31 , a member of the czech republic 's conservative party of free citizens , is the self-declared president of ' liberland ' , which is located on the banks of the danube river . the land making up the so-called ' micronation ' was apparently forgotten when the balkan peninsula which split into new countries following the breakup of yugoslavia in the 1990s . mr jedlicka says that under international law he is now entitled to take control of the apparently ' unclaimed ' territory ' . hope : if liberland is ever formally recognised it will become the third smallest sovereign state in the world , behind the vatican city and monaco . mr jedlicka describes himself as a libertarian and says citizens living in ' liberland ' will be able to set their own individual rate of tax , as well as drawing up their own property and personal rights . founder : vít jedlicka , 31 , is a member of the czech republic 's conservative party of free citizens . the anti-eu czech politician says the idea for the state came from a desire to live in a country where ' honest ' people could prosper with minimal to no interference from a centralised government . all services - such as medical , fire and refuse - would operate voluntarily , with the overall idea being that the nation 's perfectly capable citizens would eventually work out the correct level of taxation and the right service requirements for a fully-functioning nation , without the levels being set by the state . ' we really felt restricted . we really felt under pressure , ' mr jedlicka told fox news . ' we really feel that europe needs another tax haven . we need a place where people can prosper , ' he added . during the phone interview mr jedlicka said : ' we could n't make our government lower taxes . i tried hard to tell my politicians that we need to lower taxes . that we need to lower regulation . ' all my opponents told me , `` you should have your own state to prove your ideas of liberty '' . so i did it , ' he went on to say . after extensive research into areas classified as terra nullius , or ' no man 's land ' , mr jedlicka discovered the 2.7 square mile patch of land along the croatia-serbia border . unclaimed territory : liberland is located on the croatia-serbia border , on the banks of the danube river . the so-called creation of liberland is far from the first time an individual has declared the formation of a new nation state . the most famous example is principality of sealand - an abandoned oil rig off the coast of suffolk that declared independence in 1967 . although only two people live there and it has never been formally recognised , sealand has its own football club and national flag . even if after lengthy legal analysis proves ' liberland ' is a genuinely ' unclaimed territory ' , the world 's new newest nation still fails one of the basic tests for sovereignty . with only one citizen currently living in the country and access to the area strictly limited by croatia and serbia , there is no way liberland is able to protect itself from neighbouring states . even if liberland 's so-called citizens were able to reach the country , croatia 's border police still operate in the region . this means that even if liberland does exist , it is a failed state occupied by a foreign nation . he asked the area 's only resident whether he agreed to the nation-building plan and , upon being given the go-ahead , declared the formation of liberland . if the country was ever formally recognised it would be the third smallest sovereign state in the world , behind the vatican city and monaco . with the motto ' live and let live ' , mr jedlicka claims he has already received 250,000 applications for citizenship , as well as financial pledges to set up the structure of a state , including establishing telecommunication infrastructure . not everybody is so keen on the plan , however . croatia has already reportedly declared that it will not recognise the ' micronation ' , adding that although it is n't taking the declaration seriously , it still considers the declaration of a nation state ' virtual trespassing ' . czech journalists also tried to visit the territory last week , but were blocked from entering and the ' liberland ' flag that was initially flown over the area has apparently now been taken down . legal experts have also poured cold water on the idea , claiming that although the territory may appear unclaimed , it is almost certainly already part of serbia . this is because after yugoslavia 's break-up , any land in the area not claimed by croatia was automatically absorbed into serbia .