some vegetarians start young , as this comical video demonstrates . footage shows three-year-old luiz antonio from brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table . but instead of digging into the seafood feast , he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with english subtitles detailing his train of thought . ' this octopus is n't real is it ? where 's its head ? is its head in the sea ? did the man hack it [ off ] ? ' the youngster says while grimacing at his dinner plate . scroll down for video . yuck ! footage shows three-year-old luiz antonio from brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table . pulling faces : but instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with english subtitles detailing his train of thought . his mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses ' little legs chopped ' . she adds that the creature had to be dissected so it could be eaten . ' or we 'd have to swallow it whole , ' she notes . luiz remains uninspired by his dinner . he then puts forwards the argument that octopus is an animal just like chicken , pig , cow and fish . he continues : ' so when we eat the animals they die . why ? i don’t like that they die . i like that they keep standing and happy . look of horror : luiz 's mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses ' little legs chopped ' . comical scene : his mother is reduced to tears through laughter as she listens to the case in hand . getting his way : after more than two minutes of discussion , luiz is told he does n't have to eat the octopus and he can just stick to the potato and rice instead . ' those animals are for us to take care , not eat them . ' his mother is reduced to tears through laughter as she listens to the case in hand . ' i 'm just a little moved by you , ' she chuckles when luiz asks what 's wrong . after more than two minutes of discussion , luiz is told he does n't have to eat the octopus and he can just stick to the potato and rice instead . although the clip was filmed almost two years ago , it has recently resurfaced online . to date it has been watched more than 4.8 million times . it 's not known if luiz has stuck to his vegetarian pledge .