for 120 years it has been a great british institution , bringing world-class performances of classical music to the public . but now the bbc has been accused of dumbing down the proms – by holding an ibiza-style dance party . this year 's proms will include a late-night concert hosted by dj pete tong , who will pay ' homage to ibiza and its infectious , energetic brand of club music ' . veteran dance dj pete tong ( left ) will bring club classics to the royal albert hall for this year 's proms . pictured right is cartoonist pugh 's take on the ' dumbing down ' of the proms . it will take place on july 29 , coinciding with the 20th anniversary of radio 1 's broadcasts from ibiza , and will reinterpret ' club classics ' such as music sounds better with you by stardust and rhythm is rhythm 's strings of life . proms director edward blakeman said it was a ' natural ' move , adding : ' these 20 years of dance have been a huge phenomenon on radio 1 so why not celebrate it in a proms way with a big orchestra ? we do now live in a world , thank god , where you can like all kinds of music . ' live music at the so-called pete tong prom will be played by the jules buckley heritage orchestra , which has worked with pop stars such as arctic monkeys , professor green and basement jaxx . when conductor sir henry wood started the proms in 1895 , he wanted to inspire the public to enjoy top-class classical music . he had accepted a challenge from robert newman , manager of the new queen’s hall , to ‘ run nightly concerts to train the public’ . the plan was to gradually raise the standard of music until they ‘ created a public for classical and modern music’ . sir henry more than lived up to that challenge . he conducted the first promenade concert , as it was known , offering tickets for as little as a shilling . audiences could smoke , drink and eat , keeping the atmosphere informal . he established a tradition of playing wagner on mondays and beethoven on fridays , later adding debussy , strauss , rachmaninov and ravel . the proms moved to the albert hall in 1941 after the queen’s hall was bombed . by the time of sir henry’s death in 1944 , they were firmly established as the highlight of the classical music calendar . the bbc was accused of ' undermining ' the proms by conservative bill cash , who said : ' the proms are one of the great british institutions . like so many institutions , it is under attack by people who think that being novel is necessarily good . the world loves the proms as they are . it is extremely damaging to undermine the ethos of the proms by bringing in fake originality . ' the proms already have a good , convivial finish , and that is part of the tradition , but to undermine the framework and ethos of the proms is unacceptable . ' the pete tong prom is not the only surprising addition to this year 's line-up at the royal albert hall , which runs from july 17 to september 12 . there will be a ' grime symphony ' featuring rapper wretch 32 , and the last night of the proms will include a singalong section inspired by the sound of music . the series of 92 concerts will also include a tribute to sherlock holmes , with a performance of pieces referenced in sir arthur conan doyle 's books , including compositions by wagner and paganini . it is one of a number of sunday matinees on the schedule , which are designed to attract families with children as young as five . sir david attenborough will host another of the afternoon concerts , featuring music from his natural history television series life story . more traditional fare includes the complete beethoven piano concertos and sir simon rattle conducting elgar 's the dream of gerontius . the dj 's selection is the latest bizarre choice for the proms ( pictured at albert hall ) , which has previously been accused of ' dumbing down ' . rapper fazer ( left ) and pop singer paloma faith ( right ) have played the proms in recent years in an attempt to appeal to a younger audience .