jenna bush hager is pregnant with her second child and revealed the news live on this morning 's today show . the 33-year-old and her husband henry hager already have a daughter , mila , who turns two later this month , and the youngster was on-hand to help her mother announce the family 's exciting news . during a segment in which ' adventure correspondent ' jenna was discussing what her ' next adventure ' for the show would be , she cut away to a clip of herself pointing to her tummy , asking mila who was in there , before the toddler told the world that it was her ' baby sissy ' . congrats ! jenna bush hager revealed that she is expecting her second daughter with husband henry hager live on this morning 's today show . happy family : the today correspondent , pictured with husband henry and their daughter mila , described parenthood as ' the biggest roller coaster ride there is ' . ' this is the biggest roller coaster ride there is , having children , ' jenna said of her pregnancy . she added about her daughter 's reaction to the news : ' she 's excited , she 's so cute . she keeps saying baby sissy , baby sissy ! ' wearing a fitted purple dress which showed just the tiniest hint of a bump , the today show correspondent confessed that she is already 20 weeks into her pregnancy , revealing that her second daughter is due in august . jenna admitted in an interview with people that she has known about the pregnancy for some time , revealing that she and henry broke the news to her parents , former president george bush , and former first lady laura , the day after christmas . luckily it has been an incredibly smooth pregnancy for jenna , who admitted to the publication that her husband has , on occasion , forgotten that she is carrying a child . ' my husband even said , `` i keep forgetting you’re pregnant ! '' ' she joked . ' baby sissy ' : the 33-year-old asked her one-year-old daughter mila to help make the announcement to the world . special role : jenna revealed that her daughter mila was thrilled about the idea of becoming a big sister . surprise : jenna 's fellow today show hosts were thrilled about her news , and were quick to congratulate the soon-to-be mother-of-two . jenna 's today co-hosts were thrilled for the soon-to-be mother-of-two , with fellow mother savannah guthrie leaping up from her desk to give her congratulatory hug , before the team presented her with a bunch of flowers and some baby clothes . jenna and henry , who married in may 2008 , welcomed their first daughter , whose full name is margaret laura hager , on april 13 , 2012 - and the tv presenter revealed to people that the couple had actually been expecting a boy . ' we did n't find out with mila and we were convinced she was a boy , to the point that we painted the nursery a pale blue , ' she explained . ' and it was a girl ! we were thrilled , but shocked . so with the second , we decided to find out . ' and it seems as though jenna is already preparing for the challenges of parenting two young children at once ; after today show executive producer don nash tweeted his congratulations to the star , she replied joking that she needed some parenting tips . ' congrats to @ jennabushhager and henry on another baby girl on the way ! double the trouble , double the fun ! # trustmeiknow ( sic ) ' don tweeted , prompting jenna to reply : ' @ studio1adon thanks ! ! i need parenting tips . ha . ( sic ) ' proud mother : the today show 's official ' adventure correspondent ' was incredibly excited to reveal her happy news . the big reveal : shortly after making the announcement , jenna was showered with hugs and gifts from the today show team . grandparents : jenna and henry told her parents , former us president george bush and former first lady laura bush ( pictured ) , about the pregnancy during the christmas vacation . jenna 's second pregnancy may mean that she has to put her role as the today show 's official adventure correspondent , a position which has seen her take on all manner of weird and wonderful challenges during the past few months , on hold however . and unfortunately for jenna 's adventure-focused fans , that means the expectant mother wo n't be able to complete any of the four potential viewer-chosen challenges which she was due to face in the next few weeks . more than 50,000 people voted for what daring feat jenna would complete next , with an incredibly speedy roller coaster ride and parachuting off a bridge taking the lead . ' some people will do anything to get out of a roller coaster ride , ' matt lauer joked after hearing the news . shortly after appearing on the today show , jenna took to her instagram account to once again express her joy at the family 's happy news . alongside a picture of herself posing with husband henry and mila , the doting mother commented : ' feel so lucky that we 're adding another precious , precocious little girl to our family . my heart is full . '