former england captain mike gatting believes kevin pietersen should not walk straight back into the international set-up , even if he piles on the runs for surrey this season . pietersen has returned to the lv= county championship in a bid to stake a claim for an england recall , although the 34-year-old only managed 19 runs against glamorgan on sunday . england were held to a draw in the opening test of a three-match series against west indies last week , and calls for a pietersen comeback continue to linger ahead of the ashes this summer . kevin pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for surrey this season but scored just 19 against glamorgan . ' there are a few bridges that still need to be rebuilt , ' said gatting , who had just penned a congratulation message to james anderson , england 's leading test wicket-taker , as part of slazenger 's celebratory flag tour . ' even if kp scores runs there might not be spaces available . if gary ballance , ian bell and joe root play well , there might not be a place for him . ' you 've got to have somebody who is n't playing well to get pietersen in . ' he does n't just come straight back - that would be unfair on the people in there at the moment . ' if he does get runs , fine , but that 's not the end of it . ' if people are playing well in the team , why should he just get straight in ? ' pietersen is keen to play for england again after being sacked in 2014 . bell and ballance both hit centuries in antigua while root also showed signs of good form with scores of 83 and 59 . the scorecard was less encouraging for england captain alastair cook , however , who could only manage 11 and 13 , stretching his run without a test century to 33 innings . cook 's poor performances saw him removed as one-day captain before the world cup earlier this year and gatting admits more questions will be asked of the england skipper if he fails to find runs against west indies . ' alastair knows what he 's got to do , he 's got to get some runs , ' gatting said . ' we can keep speculating but i suspect at the end of the west indies series , they 'll look at it and if he has n't got any runs there might be some questions asked . gary ballance scored a century in the first test against west indies . ' he might possibly get the series against new zealand - the fact is alastair has got more 100s than anyone else has and people do go through bad patches in their careers . ' alastair has had a break , when he was left out of the one-day series , he 's had time to get himself sorted . ' maybe he needs a break from the captaincy , that 's for people to sit and decide , i suspect it 's about the runs though , not the captaincy . ' he 's a well-respected man in the team , the fact is he 's a batsman , he 's a captain and if he fails to get the runs somebody will have to make a decision . ' cook 's future may be affected by who the england and wales cricket board chooses for the new director of cricket role , created to replace sacked managing director paul downton . mike gatting has signed a giant flag congratulating jimmy anderson on becoming the leading england wicket taker in test matches . michael vaughan , andrew strauss and alec stewart have all been mentioned in connection with the post , but gatting is unsure what the point of the position will be . ' i 've tried to think what the role could be , ' gatting said . ' if it 's going to be someone more hands on with the team , how is that going to affect the coach ? ' can it be any different to the job paul downton did ? you do need someone in charge of the overall structure . ' at the end of the day , it 's all about the players - it 's about how they perform . ' i just hope the ecb do n't rush into the decision and they get the right person , because different people will do a different type of job . ' former mcc president mike gatting was signing slazenger 's ' congratulations jimmy ' flag which will be touring the country this week . slazenger is celebrating jimmy anderson becoming england 's all-time leading test wicket-taker by giving 10 per cent off its entire cricket range . visit store.slazenger.com and follow @ slazengersport for more details . 