it is a fascinating view of exactly what goes into a modern smartphone - and how samsung does business . the chipworks site has posted this amazing image revealing the internals of the firm 's galaxy s6 , which goes on sale on april 10th . the internals reveal samsung used more of its own chips to power the new galaxy s6 smartphone than it did for the predecessor s5 , according to an early teardown report , in a blow to u.s. chip supplier qualcomm . the teardown shows , from the front , the screen , logic board holder , battery , logic board with processor , camera , rear case and antenna . samsung is not only using its own exynos mobile processor , as had been widely reported , but also decided to rely on its in-house semiconductor business to source other parts , including the modem and power management integrated circuit chips , ottawa-based consultancy chipworks said . samsung is counting on its new flagship galaxy s6 and s6 edge phones to help revive earnings momentum after a disappointing 2014 . strong sales of system chips such as its exynos processor could also help boost earnings , analysts and investors say . the galaxy s6 also comes with samsung 's shannon modem chip , u.s. phone carrierat & t said on its website . ' it 's pretty clear if they 're using shannon for the modem for at & t that they 're trying to use all-samsung silicon , ' said jim mcgregor , an analyst at tirias research . ' with their market share going down they 're under pressure to increase profit margins . ' the findings suggest a deeper loss of business for qualcomm in the new generation of samsung 's flagship handsets than anticipated previously . teardown reports of the predecessor galaxy s5 , released last year , showed the u.s. chipmaker supplied several components that samsung has supplanted with its own this year , based on the phone chipworks investigated . samsung 's new s6 and s6 edge : the phones are also the first to feature dual-standard wireless charging technology built inside the handsets , and will battle the iphone and htc 's one . qualcomm said in january that a key customer declined to use its new snapdragon processor in an upcoming flagship phone presumed to be samsung 's galaxy s6 . but it had been unclear whether samsung would drop qualcomm 's modem chips as well . qualcomm is the industry leader in lte , the most advanced modem technology , but samsung , intel , mediatek and others have developing their own offerings . samsung and qualcomm did not immediately reply to requests for comment . 