manchester united thumped manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday to move four points clear of their cross-town rivals . louis van gaal 's men continued their excellent run of form and a champions league spot looks all but assured now for them after their manchester derby victory . manchester city , meanwhile , have gone from joint top on new year 's day to 12 points off the leaders and looking over their shoulders at the likes of liverpool , tottenham and southampton . here are five things we learned from the manchester derby . united now on course for champions league . for much of the season united seemed to be in false position , with their performances hardly giving the impression they belonged in the top four . but now - whether by luck or design - something seems to have clicked for louis van gaal and united are now playing with a cutting edge and with confidence . a champions league return now looks likely . manchester united celebrated a 4-2 win over their closest rivals at old trafford on sunday . crisis for city and pellegrini . city 's results since going joint top of the barclays premier league on new year 's day make abysmal reading for a side of their quality . their run of four league wins in 12 games - during a period in which they also went out of two cup competitions - surely constitutes a crisis for a club with their expectations . the already considerable scrutiny on manager manuel pellegrini will increase another notch . manuel pellegrini is under increasing pressure after a woeful second half of the season for his team . fellaini continues to hit back . for much of his first season at united , marouane fellaini looked out of touch and possibly out of his depth . that has all changed in the last few months as he has become increasingly important to van gaal . the midfielder uses his strength to great effect as united continue to loft the ball forward to him and teams find him difficult to dispossess . marouane fellaini celebrates after heading manchester united into the lead in the first half . fellaini has been key in united 's recent run of form to lift them into third place in the premier league . city team coming to end of line . there can be little doubt that the city team , the core of which has won two premier league titles , an fa cup and a league cup , is coming to the end of its lifespan . reinvestment is clearly needed in the summer and , on this evidence , the back four would be a priority . yaya toure looks on dejected during manchester city 's thrashing at old trafford on sunday . united need to improve defensively too . for all that united went on to dominate the game , city started superbly , reminding everyone of the quality they do still possess . they troubled united repeatedly at the back , where the central defensive partnership of chris smalling and phil jones again looked vulnerable . former manchester united manager sir alex ferguson watches the game from the stands at old trafford . ferguson was all smiles after manchester united 's victory , as was singer mick hucknall ( left ) .