while every aspiring actor dreams of hollywood stardom , an a-list career does n't always show up . for actors hovering somewhere between the big time and the dole queue , there is the comforting world of the british soap opera , where stars are guaranteed regular work and a spot in the nation 's living room three times a week . if long-running series such as eastenders , coronation street and emmerdale have been a launchpad for many an acting career , it 's also provided a safe haven for those looking to side-step from a different career or reinvigorate their public profile . scroll down for video . gracing the cobbles : after first achieving fame with girls aloud , sarah harding has turned her hand to acting , signing up to appear in four episodes of coronation street . walford-bound : denise van outen is the latest big name to sign for eastenders . the former chicago star has admitted that she 's turned down the offer twice before . this week saw some big-name announcements in the land of soap , with former girls aloud star sarah harding announcing that she 's putting her pop career on hold to star in at least four episodes of coronation street . a street insider told the mirror : ' we 're delighted to land sarah - her character has real potential . ' she will prove a real trouble-making fly-in-the-ointment - especially for tracy barlow . at the other end of the soap map , denise van outen will soon be seen charging through albert square ; the actress is to play max branning 's new love interest , carin smart , in the long-running series . mum-of-one denise admitted that she 'd previously turned down offers from the soap , firstly because of other work commitments and then because she was a new mum and did n't want the often gruelling schedule that comes with a soap contract . sarah and denise are n't the only names to sign on the dotted line for soaps at an interesting stage in their careers . two days ago , celebrated stage actress and 70s child star bonnie langford announced that she will also take a new role in eastenders , playing the role of carmel kazemi . we know lots about the stars who 've carved out successful careers after leaving soap operas ; kylie , anna friel , guy pearce , sarah lancashire , joanna lumley and even jude law ... but there 's also a growing list of faces who you might not have expected to see mucking out the stables in emmerdale or pulling a pint behind the queen vic . let us explain . a healthy career ( left , pictured in the football factory ) was n't helped by comments dyer made about the september 11th terror attacks and some dubious remarks in a lad 's mag . when eastenders came knocking in 2013 , he promptly signed up and has n't looked back ( pictured right with co-star barbara windsor ) . danny dyer . london actor dyer was seen as a big-name signing when he agreed to play mick carter , a new landlord at the queen vic in eastenders . after starring in films such as human traffic and the football factory , the actor had seen his career soar and was even cast by leading english playwright harold pinter in two of his plays and then took a starring role in an adaptation of another , the homecoming , in 2008 . his famously loose tongue saw dyer 's popularity plummet somewhat though after he made controversial comments about the 9/11 terror attacks and offered some dubious advice in lad 's mag zoo . the star turned down the offer of eastenders in 2009 but after finally accepting in 2013 has n't looked back . the cockney rebel even bagged the serial drama performance award at the national television awards earlier this year . more met bar than the yorkshire moors ... but patsy kensit made a huge success of her stint in emmerdale , playing superbitch sadie king . patsy kensit . the yorkshire moors might have been the last place that you 'd expect to find patsy kensit but in 2004 , the actress announced that she 'd been tempted north by the role of soap villain sadie king . despite a glamourous life that had seen marriages to rock stars dan donovan , jim kerr and liam gallagher and a set of celebrity friends , patsy was anything but afraid of heading to the countryside to get her acting career back on track . she later said of the role : ' the one great thing about being an actress is i love playing different characters and i was really blessed with sadie king . ' ' she was this total bitch and the writing was incredible . i worked with a brilliant cast and i learnt so much from them . i loved it . ' actress michelle collins left eastenders in 1998 after a decade of playing cindy beale ... only to make the leap to rival soap coronation street after a period of stage and screen work in 2011 . michelle collins . for ten years , michelle collins caused chaos in albert square as evil cindy beale . when she was written out in 1998 , a series of high profile drama roles followed including two thousand acres of sky , the sleeper and daylight robbery . the lure of soapland proved too strong though and by 2011 , michelle had ditched less reliable stage and screen work in favour of a regular spot on rival soap coronation street . playing the landlady of the rovers return , michelle stayed until 2014 when she left amid rumours that she was unhappy with the lack of screen time that her character was being afforded . the carry on films ensured barbara windsor was a household name but her career was reborn when she was cast alongside steve mcfadden and ross kemp in eastenders in 1994 . barbara windsor . in possibly the most perfect piece of casting ever performed in soapland , eastenders snapped up national treasure barbara windsor just as her star was fading . the actress , made famous for her saucy antics in the carry on films , had seen bigger theatrical roles all up but dry up by the time eastenders tapped on her agent 's door . peggy mitchell was born and barbara was the perfect foil to rugged eggheads grant and phil mitchell . the actress stayed in the role for sixteen years , signing in 1994 and leaving in 2010 . now elevated to soap royalty , she 's contracted to appear in one episode a year . eastenders put barbara back in the spotlight and other roles followed ; next year she is set to reprise the role of dormouse in tim burton 's sequel to his 2010 alice in wonderland film . a love affair with the soaps : daniella westbrook , who has admitted to having a tough year and was even spotted working in a friend 's pub , will soon return to the set of channel 4 's hollyoaks . daniella westbrook . after much publicised struggles with sobriety , danniella westbrook is heading back to her soap roots , after recently informing fans that she plans to return to hollyoaks . the star confirmed her return as former jailbird trudy ryan on the channel 4 show , bringing to an end a difficult 12-month period during which she lost her family home and returned to rehab . daniella , who was cast as peggy mitchell 's daughter sam in eastenders when she was just 16 , famously battled a cocaine addiction which forced her septum , the bridge under the nose , to collapse . in recent years , the actress has appeared on reality television and even had a stint in los angeles but will be relieved to back in the bosom of british soap .