all three of the main parties’ education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next education secretary sending their children to private school . the outbreak of honesty among politicians came when the bbc’s daily politics show presenter andrew neil , asked if it would be a ‘ acceptable for an education secretary to send their children to a private school’ . tristram hunt , labour’s shadow education secretary answered first and said : ‘ yes . in certain circumstances’ . he also confirmed labour could fire the thousands of ‘unqualified’ teachers across the state sector . all three of the main parties’ education spokesmen - pictured on the bbc 's daily politics show today - revealed they would have no problem with the next education secretary sending their children to private school . two of his three children go to a state primary school in north london , with the third expected to go to the same school . but he has not ruled out switching them to independent schools . in contrast , labour leader ed miliband refused to publicly support labour’s deputy scottish leader , anas sarwar , when he chose to send his son to a private school in glasgow . privately-educated schools minister david laws – who has no children - immediately said ‘yes’ when asked whether a future education secretary should be able to send their children private . and education secretary , nicky morgan , who was privately educated but sends her son to a state primary , said : ‘ yes , you do what’s right for the child . ’ ukip’s james arnott and the green party’s james humphreys also agreed that there was no problem with a future education secretary sending their children private – although mr arnott added it would be an ‘indictment’ of the quality of state schools . just seven per cent of children in the uk are privately educated . ukip has pledged to bring back grammar schools by converting some existing comprehensives but mrs morgan said it would be a ‘ step backwards’ and the plan ‘ does not respect the outstanding schools that we see up and down the country’ . tristram hunt , labour’s shadow education secretary , was asked if it was acceptable for an education secretary to send their child private . he said : ‘ yes . in certain circumstances’ . the rare frankness about whether they would send their children private is in stark contrast to the controversy sparked by labour left-winger diane abbott , who sent her son to the exclusive fee-paying city of london school . miss abbott had previously criticised harriet harman , now labour’s deputy leader , for sending her children to a selective grammar school . while many politicians on the left have avoided paying to send their children to get the best education , they have managed to get them into elite taxpayer-funded schools . both tony blair – who converted to catholicism after standing down – and atheist nick clegg , bagged places at leading london oratory for their children . both men are married to catholics . put to the three main party spokesmen that they were all privately educated and oxbridge graduates , mr hunt agreed that the ‘ circle is tightening’ on top professions . mr hunt also signalled labour would sack all the ‘unqualified’ teachers by the end of their first term in government if they had not signed up to training . labour leader ed miliband , who stopped for a selfie with passers by at sheffield railway station today , has vowed to halt the coalition 's education reforms . the prime minister , campaigning with supporters in cornwall today , has vowed to turn all failing schools into academies . some 17,000 teachers do not have ‘ qualified teacher status’ after michael gove , the previous tory education secretary , waived the rules to attract more professionals and subject experts into schools . but mr hunt said labour would be prepared to fire them . ‘ at the end of a parliament , if you’re not qualified or working towards qualified teacher status , we don’t think that you’ve shown the enthusiasm and the respect to your pupils ... . you don’t deserve to be in the classroom…we need high quality teaching . ” he said firing them would be ‘ a sign of the respect we attach to teachers’ . ‘ we think it is a demanding , fulfilling profession . we don’t think anyone can turn up to be a teacher . you need training , ’ he said . mr hunt himself is technically unqualified but occasionally teaches history in london schools and university . he did not reveal if he had plans to fire himself should labour win the election .