forget the must-have wine cellar , hot-tub or £1,700 italian coffee-maker — the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas . many of the super-rich are having them built — complete with huge comfy seats and cup-holders , eardrum-blasting surround-sound systems , massive screens and even cocktail bars and popcorn-makers . celebrities with a home cinema include the sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch , retail tycoon sir philip green and chelsea fc owner roman abramovich . and this week we learnt that the beckhams want one , too . forget the must-have wine cellar , hot-tub or £1,700 italian coffee-maker — the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas . a planning application submitted for their 1860s home in london’s holland park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ‘ cinema room’ . and the word ‘cinema’ — suggestive of a large scale — is entirely appropriate . the ceiling height would be 9.5ft , and the room measures some 300 sq ft — just over twice the size of the average british living room . that means the beckhams could easily fit 20 seats — enough for their family of six plus friends — in the room which would adjoin a 500 sq ft playroom . in this ‘ beckham odeon’ , a projector and pull-down screen would be built into the ‘non-historic’ ceiling . having hired the ultra-swish interiors guru rose uniacke , one can safely assume it will be much classier than your local multiplex . meanwhile , george clooney , who has recently purchased a £10million manor house with his barrister wife amal on an island in the thames in sonning , berkshire , is also building a home cinema . it will be in a new complex , set apart from the house , that includes a pool , a ‘ professional kitchen’ , a pergola and a bar . draft layouts lodged with the local planning office reveal that the cinema will have 12 seats , behind which there will be an audio/video room which will house the banks of electronics required . george clooney , who has recently purchased a £10million manor house with his barrister wife amal ( right ) on an island in the thames in sonning , berkshire , is also building a home cinema . and it is unlikely that hollywood celebrities such as clooney are waiting for films to come out on dvd — no doubt eager publicists and production companies send george et al movies even before they are issued on general release . not far from the beckhams in west london , pop star robbie williams lives in a 46-room house that was previously owned by the late film director michael winner . a planning application submitted for david beckham 's ( above ) home earlier this week showed plans for a ' cinema room ' . williams has sought planning permission to build an underground complex that features a pool and home cinema ( although winner had already installed an impressive cinema with photos of his own movies on the walls ) . however , as well as these celebrities , russian oligarchs and retail tycoons , there is an increasing trend for normal families to install home cinemas . magdalen rees , owner of chelsea connected , an audiovisual and internet installation firm , says : ‘ like swimming pools , home cinemas set the status of the house . ‘ many clients want the whole cinema experience , complete with banks of theatre-style seating . ’ she says that one client had his own study-sized cinema built in his ‘ man cave’ — complete with a solo cinema seat that was a present from his wife . so , how much does a home cinema cost ? ‘i’ve installed all the technology — projector , screen , amplifier , speakers and control unit — for less than £10,000 , ’ says mrs rees . ‘ but the real expense is on the rest of the room — the seating , decoration and lighting which automatically dims when the movie starts , giving that complete cinema feel . ’ but with the average cost of a family visit to the cinema costing £100 ( including tickets , transport and food ) , it almost starts to look like good value . no matter your budget , it is possible to get something approaching the multi-millionaire home cinema experience . if you have a spare room that you can dedicate , then so much the better — but you don’t have to be a hollywood star to watch in film‑star style . while the home cinemas found in celebrity homes might have popcorn makers , it is easy to make some yourself . here are the best ways to get your home cinema up and running ... under £1,000 . at this level , buying a projector is out of your league . your best bet is to shop around for a discounted 55in tv , such as the samsung ue55h6670 — £799 from currys . to improve the sound quality , invest in a soundbar — a slimline unit that houses lots of small speakers — such as the yamaha yas103 , available from richer sounds for £149 ( richersounds.com ) . this leaves you with £52 to spare , which you may consider spending on six old cinema chairs currently available on ebay for £48 . with the remaining £4 , you can buy four boxes of butterkist salted microwave popcorn , available from tesco for £1 per box . installation can be done yourself . sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch ( above ) also has a home cinema . under £5,000 . although you can buy a decent projector for under this price , that will leave you with very little for speakers , seating and all those other extras . it makes more sense to buy a 75in tv , such as the samsung ue75h6400 — £2,498.97 , also from currys . this could then be combined with a soundbar , a subwoofer speaker that delivers thudding bass and two wireless surround-sound speakers . the best package for all this is the sonos playbar + sub + 2 x play : 1 , which costs £1,534 ( smarthomesounds.co.uk ) . with nearly £1,000 left over , you can buy four lc7027 leather cinema chairs from amazon at £219 each , and have enough to buy almost £100 worth of snacks . if you are handy with a power drill and have enough muscle around to lift up the tv set , installation can be diy . over £5,000 . if you have a big budget , consider buying a projector . you can plug any media device into it , including a set-top box such as an apple tv , or a blu-ray or dvd player , or stream the internet . the epson eh-tw9200 costs £2,799 and is almost as good as what you’ll get at the cinema . don’t skimp on the screen or just project on to a white wall . to get the best picture , look at the frontstage motorised home cinema projector screen hdtv , 197in x 147in , which is £1,078 on amazon . you will then need an amplifier , and at this level you should invest in anything that features dolby’s stunning new atmos technology for the most advanced surround-sound . try the denon avrx5200 networked 4k home cinema receiver at around £1,329 . buy a range of at least 11 speakers , including wall and ceiling units , as well as multiple subwoofers . aim to spend £250 per speaker at the very least . finally , invest in some premiere home cinema chairs from drinkstuff on ebay at £1,299 each . these feature incliners , footrests and backrests , storage boxes , cup-coolers and even cup-warmers . installation will have to be done by a professional , as projectors and screens need careful mounting .