last weekend , after a sunny day in the borders , i posted this picture of myself on twitter with the caption ‘ just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing ! ’ i admit , it wasn’t a particularly funny joke , but i had no idea of the outrage my light-hearted comment would provoke from the devoted followers of scotland’s first minister and the leader of the snp . i was called ugly , vile , ‘ someone who deserves to die’ , and one wit even ‘ hoped i would catch malaria’ . in all , i’ve probably received more than 600 insults , and two days later they’re still coming . luckily , i’ve got a thick skin , but whatever happened to free speech ? in the knockabout atmosphere of an election campaign , everything is up for debate . scroll down for video . janet street-porter posted this picture on twitter with the caption ‘ just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing ! ’ both the press and the public routinely talk about politicians in less-than-flattering terms , mocking their trendy ( or spartan ) kitchens , their silly casual clothes and their strange hairstyles , not to mention their attempts to eat a bacon sandwich , hug babies , cook a casual lunch or chuck a bowling ball — all in the name of a photo opportunity . the uk is home to a rich and raucous tradition of political satire , from 19th century caricaturists such as george cruikshank and james gillray , to more recent cartoonists gerald scarfe , ralph steadman and those in private eye magazine , as well as tv series such as spitting image , mock the week and have i got news for you . most of our most successful comedians sneer at the party leaders . so you might imagine that the scots could cope with a few harmless jibes about their own first minister . wrong , wrong , wrong . all the pollsters agree that the snp is destined to win the vast majority of the seats ( up to 50 ) north of the border in the general election , crushing the tories and trouncing labour . they already control the majority of votes in the scottish assembly . could this surge of nationalism mean that scotland is in danger of becoming another north korea , a land where the ‘ dear leader’ is sacrosanct , a figure on a pedestal , to be worshipped and admired — but never criticised ? at the weekend , one commentator announced that ‘ scotland has fallen in love with nicola — she is adored’ . indeed last night ms sturgeon was as feisty as ever in the leaders’ debate . my goodness , you certainly couldn’t say that about any party leader south of the border , or in wales . despite all the photo calls at factories , in schools and cafes and villages halls , poll after poll shows that the public find most british politicians ‘ out of touch’ . ed miliband and nick clegg have ‘minus’ personal ratings , while even ukip’s nigel farage , once the poster boy for the disaffected , could be in danger of losing his bid to become an mp in south thanet . janet street-porter said she had no idea of the outrage her 'light-hearted comment ' would provoke from nicola sturgeon 's ( pictured ) supporters . so how has nicola sturgeon become teflon woman , a person so perfect that a mere joke about her appearance means ( according to her fans ) i can no longer be considered a feminist ? according to her followers , i am a traitor to my sex , a woman less attractive than red rum , a sub-human who should be neutered . it’s all beginning to sound like a repressive communist state . sadly , some snp supporters combine commendable patriotism with a deep-seated distrust of the english — not just the posh people from down here , but anyone born in the ‘wrong’ country . i first encountered this when i made an hour-long documentary for bbc scotland last year , looking at voting intentions in the independence referendum . i love scotland and have spent many happy weeks walking , working and fishing there , so making this film was a real pleasure . i talked to people of all persuasions in the borders , the central belt between glasgow and edinburgh , and in the north-east . we went to inordinate lengths to present a scrupulously balanced film — but when it was transmitted , because i was born in england ( and am actually half-welsh ) i was attacked in the scottish press , on twitter and other social media for having the audacity to host a programme about ‘their’ country . utter madness . some snp members are so consumed with themselves that all they want is people to agree with them , and sod everyone else . they are blinkered zealots incapable of reasoned debate . during their aggressive campaign for independence — which got the knockback by a sizeable margin , with 55 pc in favour of remaining in the uk — the nationalists earned a reputation for ruthlessly attacking anyone who didn’t agree with them . the author j.k. rowling was denounced as unpatriotic for daring to speak out in favour of scotland remaining part of the uk . dubbed the tartan taliban and the cyber nats , fanatical snp followers use social media to ‘troll’ opponents , and anyone daring to criticise their leader . when the bbc political editor nick robinson reported from scotland on the referendum last year , the nationalists took such offence to what they regarded as his biased broadcasts that hundreds of marchers took to the streets carrying a huge banner with the words ‘ sack nick “ the liar” robinson , a totally corrupt journalist ' . but they don’t stop at professional attacks . when robinson announced a few weeks ago that he had a cancerous tumour on his lung , the cyber nats went straight on twitter with comments such as ‘ a bit of chemotherapy would do the biased beeb man good’ . in similar vein , after a daily mail writer published a profile of nicola sturgeon in these pages recently , he was attacked relentlessly online , and called a nazi , racist scum , a vile bigot , a misogynist , and told to f*** off back to england . many of those abusing him had a blue nationalist ‘45’ logo on their twitter feed , to represent the percentage who voted for independence last year . so what of the woman these people idolise as some great political saviour unlike any other figure in britain today ? janet street-porter ( right ) asks how nicola sturgeon ( left ) has become ' a person so perfect that a mere joke about her appearance means ( according to her fans ) i can no longer be considered a feminist ? ' consider the facts : ms sturgeon , just like ed miliband , has spent her whole life ( apart from a brief period working as a solicitor ) entirely engrossed in politics . her husband and her former boyfriends and most of her friends all work for the snp . yet it is ed miliband , not sturgeon , who gets derided for being ‘weird’ and having not experienced the real world . from 1992 onwards , she unsuccessfully stood for seat after seat in local and national elections , before eventually gaining a place in the scottish parliament via a quota system in 1999 . she had a total image make-over in 2004 — hiring a stylist , changing her krankies-style hairdo , losing weight and softening her approach . but make no mistake , she is as ruthless an operator as any other party leader . her stated goal is scottish independence , no matter what effect that might have on the rest of the uk , even though her party lost what was supposed to be a ‘once-in-a-generation’ vote on this issue last year . when questioned on television this week , she refused to rule out a second referendum in the very near future . when it comes to dealing with the deficit and setting out an economic strategy , cameron , miliband and clegg have had their plans ruthlessly dissected . sturgeon , however , based her sums on an oil boom that has failed to materialise , which has deprived the scottish economy of billions of pounds of expected revenue . she wants scotland to be responsible for raising its own taxes , but when an independent think-tank , the institute for fiscal studies , looked at her plans for tax and spending and said they would result in a whopping £7.6 billion deficit , she described their findings as ‘irrelevant’ . yes , i admire nicola sturgeon’s tenacity , and i applaud any woman who rises to the top in her chosen profession . i know from experience just how tough that can be . nevertheless , we find ourselves in the unenviable position of facing an election where a party that 60 million britons can not vote for — the snp — could hold the balance of power at westminster . it is a self-proclaimed ‘progressive’ party which hypocritically accepted £2.5 million of donations from brian souter , the stagecoach boss who doesn’t believe in equal rights for gays . does that make her any different to ed miliband , with his much-criticised relationships with the trade unions , or david cameron with his cronies in big business ? voters in england can do nothing to stop the sturgeon bandwagon gaining momentum — snp membership has tripled in the past year , and it’s now the third-largest political party in the uk . but worrying questions remain about some of her followers . by trying to stifle debate and silence any jokes ( no matter how feeble ) about their leader , they are beginning to look more like fanatics than political supporters .