millions of point of sales systems are vulnerable to security breaches as they are protected by the same default password - used by a global maker of payment devices for more than two decades , researches say . the password , 166816 , is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers , researchers david byrne and charles henderson disclosed on wednesday during the annual rsa security conference in california . henderson said that the unidentified vendor had been using the same default password since at least 1990 , according to the register . researchers charles henderson ( right ) and david byrne ( left ) said a global maker of cash registers has been using the same default password on the payment devices for more than two decades . this potentailly puts the devices at risk of being a target of a security breach . ' nine out of 10 times when we see equipment from that manufacturer , 90 per cent of the time , this is the password , ' he said . ' i actually saw this password really recently on a different manufacturer 's device [ by a customer ] who thought the password was unique to them . ' hackers would need physical access to the payment devices , opening a panel of the device using a paperclip , to exploit it , according to the register . this type of attack is uncommon and reportedly easy for malicious staff . for example , during the conference it was revealed that two individuals reportedly entered a major american retail store , unscrewed a server rack and walked out with the server leaving the store unable to process credit card payments , according to rt . while henderson and byrne did not name the vendor using the 166816 password , a google search pointed to verifone which connects around 27 million payment devices around the world , according to rt . on thursday , verifone said in a statement that all of its devices in the field came with the same default password , z66831 , according to cso . the company also said the password can be found on the internet with instructions for programming terminals . however , verifone claimed sensitive payment information or personally identifiable information can not be captured , even though the password has become known over the years . while henderson and byrne did not name the vendor , a google search pointed to verifone ( file photo of one of the company 's payment devices ) . the company said : ' what the password allows someone to do is to configure some settings on the terminal ; all executables have to be file signed , and it is not possible to enter malware just by knowing passwords . ' its new products come with a 'pre-expired ' password that has to be changed during installation set up , according to verifone , and the company also said it encourages customers to change the default password , reported cso . as retailers have increasingly battled security breaches in recent years , target was at the center of the second-largest card breach at a u.s. retailer two years ago . an investigation found that hackers stole the personal information of at least 70million of target 's customers , including names , mailing addresses , telephone numbers and email addresses . hackers are thought to have stolen the credit card details by breaking into target 's computer systems and installing data mining software on credit card machines . the software installed on 40,000 machines across target 's 1,797 stores read the information on a card 's magnetic strip - including account number , sort code and ccv code - when it was swiped through the machine . all of the card details were then sent back to the hackers through the internet , before the theft was discovered after nearly three weeks . in another case of a security breach , in 2014 , 56million debit and credit cards are estimated to have been breached in a data theft between april and september at home depot stores in the u.s. and canada .