jordan morris scored early in the second half and juan agudelo added his first international goal in four years as the united states beat mexico . morris , a 20-year-old thought to be the first university student to make the us side in at least two decades , pounced on a ball that ricocheted off defender mario osuna in the 49th minute and beat goalkeeper cirilo saucedo from close range . agudelo replaced morris in the 65th and scored seven minutes later with a low shot from just outside the penalty area , his third international goal and first since march 2011 . jordan morris celebrates firing usa ahead early in the second half . morris is the first university student to be picked by usa in two decades . juan agudelo is mobbed by team-mates after he scored his first international goal since 2011 . agudelo replaced morris in the 65th minute and scored seven minutes later . michael bradley made a long pass from midfield and agudelo controlled it just outside the area . he cut inside with half a dozen touches and beat saucedo to the near post with a low shot from 19 yards . it was the third international goal for agudelo and first since march 2011 . playing his second international match since november 2012 and his first since march last year , he dropped to his knees and was mobbed by a group of teammates . the us has beaten mexico by 2-0 in four straight home world cup qualifiers , all in columbus , ohio . jurgen klinsmann played a mix a young players and experienced internationals in the win over mexico . united states fans turn out in force to watch their side in san antonio , texas . with the u.s. looking ahead to this summer 's concacaf gold cup , jurgan klinsmann mixed a squad of veterans and young players . morris , who trained with the national team last may and made his debut at ireland in november , started because captain clint dempsey is sidelined by a hamstring injury and jozy altidore was serving a one-game suspension for a red card . mexico 's best chance came late in the first half when eduardo herrera ran into the penalty area and poked a low cross past goalkeeper nick rimando into the side netting . el tri had complained about the field conditions on tuesday and by game time the grass was uneven , with large brown and dirt patches causing players to slip and stumble several times . 