more than £1.5billion worth of unwanted online shopping items including women 's dresses , shoes and underwear are piling up in wardrobes , according to new research . four in ten britons have an average £77 of this stuff lying around because they have not got around to returning it because the task is too inconvenient and lengthy , a survey shows . when asked why , 43 per cent said they could not be bothered and 39 per cent said they did not think the value warranted the effort . four in ten britons have an average £77 of unwanted good because they have not got round to returning it . a fifth ( 21 per cent ) are too busy , believing that it takes nearly half an hour to return something each time , suggesting time is put ahead of hard earned cash . confusing processes were also identified as a major deterrent to sending an item back for 22 per cent . the research commissioned by store chain doddle found more than a third of adults have purchased items that they then do n't want , but have n't returned to the retailer . brits each have on average three unwanted and unreturned items . amongst the most commonly unreturned items were women 's dresses , shoes and trousers , which occupied the top three spots . then came women 's shirts or blouses , women 's jeans , electrical equipment , women 's jackets , homeware , jewellery and women 's underwear , according to the one poll survey of 2,000 people . most people say it is simply too inconvenient to return the item , or not worth the cost . doddle has introduced changing rooms to a number of its stores to make trying and returning online purchases , easier . the facilities allow customers to collect , try and return , online unsuitable items . chief executive tim robinson said : ' customers have become so frustrated with the processes for returning online purchases that they would rather forgo the cash from the refund , to skip the lengthy and inconvenient queues associated with the task . ' but it does n't have to be this way . we launched doddle so that customers can collect and return online purchases in less than two minutes . it 's doddle 's mission to redefine online shopping by making collecting and returning parcels easy - and save customers ' time and money . ' 