the parents of elijah cook were worried he may be born deaf . hearing problems had run strongly through the genetics of ahavah and jason cook , with both their mothers and fathers deaf . but after the baby boy was confirmed to be profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right , the couple from andova , minnesota , were afforded something neither of their parents were . last month , they were able to experience the moment their son was able to hear for the first time , thanks to a pair of specially-fitted hearing aids . amazing moment : elijah cook was last month fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to properly hear the voice of his mother , ahavah cook , for the first time . all smiles : tests confirmed he was profoundly death in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right , but doctors decided to fit him with hearing aids as soon as possible . what 's that noise ? : elijah will now undergone a more serious set of tests in a few months , at about seven-months-old , to determine what more can be done about his hearing . elijah failed his first hearing test just 12 hours after being born in coon rapids on january 2 . ' when elijah came back ( from the first test ) , we were expecting good news because we have almost a dozen nieces and nephews that have no hearing issues , ' mrs cook wrote on the children 's hospitals and clinics of minnesota website . elijah went on to fail three more tests . then on march 5 , at nine-weeks-old , he was fitting with the hearing aids , and the amazing moment was caught on video . ' the first time i saw him blink , i had a lot of emotions , ' mrs cook said . ' i was trying really hard not to cry . ' i did n't want him to see me cry . i was trying hard to keep it together and just talk to him . ' family : ahavah and jason cook are pictured here with little elijah and their eldest , daughter evelyn , 7 . progress : the mothers and fathers of both ahavah and jason cook were all deaf , so the couple were expecting hearing problems following the birth of their son , elijah ( right ) . since then , elijah has been cooing , smiling and responding to the sounds made by his family , including big sister evelyn , 7 . ' the cooing is the big thing , ' mr cook said . ' he was n't very talkative , but ever since he was fitted for his hearing aids he 's cooing more , he pays more attention . ' because he is so young , doctors will wait a until elijah is about seven months old to make further deductions about his hearing . until then , his parents are happy with the progress and say their experience growing up in deaf families has well-equipped them for the road ahead . the touching family moment was first uploaded to youtube . fighter : elijah cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and able to hear only 75 decibels in his right .