with temperatures creeping up , let’s celebrate with some ice cream . in fact , why not make your own ? the choice of ice cream makers has never been wider . mandy francis tried out the best brands on the high street with some enthusiastic help from her children stanley , 13 , and florence , eight . the swan come dine with me ice cream & gelato maker is best for dinner parties . best for dinner parties . swan come dine with me ice cream & gelato maker , £49.99 , argos.co.uk . how does it work ? this minimalist , cube-shaped machine looks sleek and impressive . the removable bowl — which has an inner , freezable gel layer — has to be frozen for eight hours before you put it back in the machine , then add the mixing arm , pop on the lid , and turn it on . as it starts to churn , you slowly pour in the mixture according to the recipe included — a basic one of egg yolks , cornflour , sugar , double cream and vanilla extract which has to be cooked and cooled in the fridge . check the progress every five minutes or so , switching it off when it’s reached the texture you want . is it any good ? at two litres , this has one of the biggest capacities we came across , so it’s perfect for dinner parties and family gatherings . unusually , the bowl rotates on this machine , while the mixing arm stays still — which looks clever , but creates a huge amount of noise . stanley and florence kept popping in to ask if it was ready — not because they were looking forward to eating it , but because they wanted the racket to stop ! fortunately the clattering was over in 20 minutes and the light , fluffy ice cream was really tasty . verdict : nice ice cream , shame about the noise . having to keep a close eye on the machine until the ice cream is the right texture is a pain , too . rating : best for kudos in the kitchen . sage smart scoop by heston blumenthal , £349.99 , sageappliances.co.uk . how does it work ? sleek and polished , this looks like a breadmaker but weighs in at a huge 12.5 kilos ( 26lbs ) . unlike other machines , it’s self-refrigerating ( so there’s no need to freeze the mixer bowl before use ) . the leaflet recommends using a chocolate creme anglaise ( custard , to us regular folk ) made from cream , milk , egg yolks , dark chocolate and sugar , which is cooled and poured into the bowl which sits within the machine . then you pick from the 12 consistencies the machine can make ( including sorbet , frozen yogurt , gelato and ice cream ) , turn it on and let the rotating paddle whip it together . thirty minutes later , a litre of your favourite ice creamis ready . is it any good ? beautifully smooth and truly delicious . we all licked our bowls clean . best of all , the machine signalled that it was ready by playing a retro ice cream van jingle , which the kids adored . verdict : a fantastic ice cream maker , but bulky and expensive . rating : the sage smart scoop by heston blumenthal is a fantastic ice cream maker , but bulky and expensive . best budget buy . shake n make ice cream maker , £14.99 , thefowndry.com . how does it work ? this looks more like a large plastic takeaway cup . half-fill it with crushed ice and four tbsp of salt , then place your ice cream mix , a 50/50 blend of milk , single cream , flavouring and sugar , in the metal cone-shaped container which sits inside , screw it together and shake vigorously for three minutes . a neat , individual portion of ice cream should be waiting inside . is it any good ? a doddle for the children to use , and educational too — they loved learning how salt helps make the frozen dessert ( it allows the very cold , melting ice to cover a greater area of the metal cone , if you’re interested ) . so we were disappointed to find little more than a frothy milkshake , despite three minutes of serious shaking from florence . stanley took over for two minutes , but the resulting thin , rock hard layer of vanilla ice cream had to be chiselled off the sides . a second attempt , with a four-minute shake , gave a more palatable result . verdict : a fun gadget , but for all that effort , it’s a bit leaky and you only get a small portion . rating : mandy 's best for budgets is the shake n make ice cream maker ( left ) but for kids the giant plastic ' ice cream cone ' ( right ) from john lewis is perfect . best for children . chill factor ice cream maker , £12.99 , johnlewis.com . how does it work ? this giant plastic ‘ ice cream cone’ had the kids salivating before we’d even started . you simply freeze the soft , rubbery cornet section , which is lined with thick freezable gel , for four to six hours , then use the lid to measure out the ingredients recommended in the leaflet — in our case , just single cream , strawberry sauce and a little sugar . then you tip the ingredients into the frozen cornet , screw the container back together and give everything a shake . finally , you remove the top section of the lid and squeeze the cornet repeatedly for 30 seconds to encourage the ice cream to freeze and churn , before diving in — you can eat directly from the container with the long-handled spoon supplied , saving on washing up ! is it any good ? it’s surprisingly well-made , considering the price , and really easy to use . we were all amazed at how quickly it transformed the contents into a sweet but slightly lumpy soft-serve ice cream . clever . verdict : a cute , well-made gadget that children will love . rating : cute , pink and compact , this machine is designed to produce a smaller , 500ml portion of ice cream ( that’s the same size as a tub of ben & jerry’s or haagen-dazs ) best for perfect portions . lakeland mini ice cream maker , £19.99 , lakeland.co.uk . how does it work ? florence fell in love with this as soon as she saw it . cute , pink and compact , it’s designed to produce a smaller , 500ml portion of ice cream ( that’s the same size as a tub of ben & jerry’s or haagen-dazs ) . the removable bowl-shaped base also fits neatly in to my packed freezer . once it’s thoroughly frozen ( which takes about eight hours ) you slot the lid , motor and paddle together and fix them on top of the base . then you flick the on/off switch and slowly pour in your ice cream mix , in our case a cooked custard recommended in the handbook , made from whole milk , double cream , egg yolk , sugar and vanilla paste . your ice cream should be ready in 15-20 minutes . is it any good ? as you’d expect from lakeland , this is a high-quality , no-fuss product that delivers — neatly and without too much noise . the only downside ? you need to keep an eye on it to get the texture of the ice cream just right . verdict : a basic but handy little ‘everyday’ gadget . rating : best for retro fans . gourmet gadgetry retro diner 3 in 1 slush and soft serve ice cream maker , £59.99 , robert dyas . how does it work ? at first glance , this fifties-inspired machine looks more like a blender ( or ‘ a bubblegum dispenser’ according to my children ) . in fact , it makes and dispenses both soft-serve ice cream and slushy drinks , and has a tall aluminium ice cylinder inside the plastic vessel . first , you fill the aluminium cylinder with salt , ice and water , then put on the lid and set it to start mixing . as the paddles rotate , you pour your ice cream mixture — mine was a blend of condensed milk , double cream , whole milk , sugar , vanilla extract and mashed fresh strawberries — into the plastic casing , and watch as the combination of the icy central cylinder and stirring starts to create ice cream . at first glance , this fifties-inspired machine looks more like a blender ( or ‘ a bubblegum dispenser’ according to my children ) . once the ice cream looks ready , which takes approximately 12 minutes , turn the machine to ‘dispense’ mode for a stream of velvety soft ice cream . is it any good ? super-easy to use , but quite noisy . we also had to remember to top up the ice as it melted before the ice cream had formed . but the kids loved dispensing the result , which comes out ‘ mr whippy’ style . and they declared it ‘delicious’ , although it melted too quickly for my liking . verdict : a statement gadget — but it’s noisy , and you need to be quick before the ice cream melts . rating : best for a quick treat . zoku ice cream maker bowl , £19.99 , domu.co.uk . how does it work ? a brightly coloured , plastic and metal bowl that allows you to make a portion of ice cream by hand . freeze the metal bowl section that sits within the plastic casing for 12 hours in your freezer , return it to the plastic case and pour in your ice cream recipe . we used the recommended chocolate recipe , made with a little whole milk , cream , sugar , cocoa powder and a pinch of salt . stir the ingredients and scrape the sides of the bowl continuously with the spatula-style spoon supplied and the frozen bowl will produce a delicious ice cream in under ten minutes . is it any good ? stanley loved the idea of this , and he thought the bowl looked ‘cool’ once assembled ( praise indeed from a 13-year-old ) . yet after five minutes of stirring , he started to lose heart , as did i when the mixture splashed messily over the sides . after a bit more scraping and stirring , a solid white film of ice cream started to form on the steel bowl , and five minutes later , he had a generous portion of lovely , soft ice cream , into which he sprinkled a little grated chocolate . simply delicious ! verdict : a fun , but slightly messy way to make and personalise your own ice creams . requires elbow grease . rating : a brightly coloured , plastic and metal bowl that allows you to make a portion of ice cream by hand .