ralph lauren 's daughter dylan and her husband paul arrouet have welcomed fraternal twins . the 40-year-old 's son cooper blue and daughter kingsley rainbow were born on monday via a surrogate , with dylan and her paul , 44 , confirming to people on wednesday afternoon that they ' are celebrating the birth of their twins ' . a spokesperson for the couple added to the outlet that ' her parents , fashion icons ralph and ricky lauren , are overjoyed to welcome their first grandchildren and witness their daughter usher in the next generation ' . scroll down for video . baby news : dylan lauren and her husband paul arrouet ( pictured ) welcomed fraternal twins into the world on monday via a surrogate . working mother : the new mom , who was photographed at a party thrown by the hollywood reporter earlier this month , named her son cooper blue and her daughter kingsley rainbow . dylan , who is the founder and ceo of popular confectionery chain dylan 's candy bar , revealed in this week 's issue of the magazine that she chose a surrogate because it 's a ' wonderful option ' and it was the way she and her husband always ' wanted to start a family ' . during the interview , which took place shortly before the birth of their twins , dylan noted that she had already come up with a few adorable nicknames picked out for her son and daughter . 'i’ve been calling them the twinkies , the m & m’s and the doublemint twins , ’ she said . ' good things come in twos . ' she also revealed that the twins’ nursery was decorated and ready for their arrival well in advance in case her babies were born before their due date - which they were . family ties : dylan posed with her older brother andrew and their parents ralph and ricky lauren in 2006 . stylish siblings : dylan and her brother david donned their dad 's designs to a party in 2010 . cooper and kingsley 's new room is covered in pastels , bunnies and complimentary blue and pink gingham , and it 's not difficult to figure out where dylan found her inspiration . ' my favorite holiday is easter and my favorite animal is the rabbit , ' she told fox news earlier this month . dylan married paul , the co-founder of marblegate asset management , in june 2011 at her family 's bedford estate . the confectionery entrepreneur wore wore a handmade duchesse satin , silk tulle , georgette embroidered dress with a tiered train designed by her father . the 75-year-old designer admitted in an interview with oprah that year that creating the gown was an emotional experience . ' i had to do something that was better than ever before . when you do something for your family or your daughter , i mean it 's the only daughter i have - beautiful girl , ' he said .   