he is a world cup winner , spanish football legend , and one of the most recognisable faces in the classy barcelona cf outfit . and now tourists are being offered the chance to walk in the footsteps of andrés iniesta after he listed his beautiful spanish vineyard on airbnb . the world class midfielder took to twitter to advise that his the ' bodega iniesta ' vineyard he owns in castilla-la mancha can be rented out . spain and barcelona midfielder andrés iniesta is renting out his vineyard on airbnb . andrés iniesta posted on twitter to spread the news that his charming vineyard can be rented out . and it 's a snip of a price to tread paths made by one of the beautiful game 's best players at €125 ( £90 ) a night . there is one bathroom and one bedroom at the charming little property , with other facilities including a kitchen , an indoor fireplace , wi-fi and parking provided . the residence is aimed for couples as the bedroom consists of one double bed . decorated with a warm touch , guests can enjoy the fireplace with a glass of wine , relax on the couch or stroll among the vines . the vineyard stay comes with a guided tour of the area so you can get a real feel for the place . the interior of the property is simple yet subtle , ensuring the guests has all the amenities to get by . the house kitchen is fully equipped for people staying to use and enjoy . breakfast food is provided for the duration of the stay , as well as towels and an extra set of sheets . guests will also be advised of the surrounding area so they can explore for themselves . also offered is a tour of the vineyard where guests can discover the secrets of wine-making . ' airbnb gives you access to the most special places in the world ' , jeroen merchiers , regional manager north , east and south of europe told mailonline travel . the highlight of a stay at andrés iniesta 's vineyard is undoubtedly what 's outside rather than in . guests can educate themselves in the art of wine-making , to hopefully produce their own special brand . ' airbnb guests look for unique experiences . ' and we 're pleased to announce andrés iniesta is joining our community , unlocking a once in a lifetime experience for football and wine enthusiasts . ' some of the rules when staying in the property include being ' gentle with the vines , ' smoking is prohibited inside , and the guests are responsible for goods during their stay . the property can be booked here . iniesta has lit up the world of football for many years with his sublime skills , and now you can see a little more about his life outside the beautiful game . the ' bodega iniesta ' vineyard he owns in castilla-la mancha can be rented out .