the bodies of four people , including two young boys under the age of ten , were discovered in a oklahoma home on wednesday afternoon in what police suspect was a murder-suicide . the unidentified family - a 38-year-old mother , 42-year-old father and their two sons - apparently died from gunshot wounds . tulsa police said ' based on the physical evidence inside the house ' , they believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself and are not seeking a suspect . scroll down for video . a family of four , including two boys under the age of ten , was found dead in a home in tulsa , oklahoma . tulsa police captain matt mccord said the bodies may have been in the house for ' as many as two days ' . mccord said ' the physical evidence inside the house ' indicates the father killed his wife , sons and himself . officers found a handgun near the man 's body , according to tulsa world . captain matt mccord said the bodies may have been in the house ' as many as two days ' , based on when the four were last seen and a preliminary examination of phone records . police found the bodies after the mother's employer requested a welfare check because she had not shown up to work for two days . they do not have a motive for the slaying , but mccord said the scene was difficult to process . he said : ' it 's a tough deal for anybody to go through . ' neighbors said they were surprised by what happened and said the area is safe . tulsa police officers found a handgun near the dead body of the father and are not seeking other suspects . vinicio perez said he walks his dog down the same street in the stone creek farms development . perez said he would sometimes see two children playing and bouncing around in the front yard of the home where the bodies were found . perez told the associated press : ' i 'm shocked . ' this place should be a place surrounded by security . ' perez 's wife , mercedes , said : ' i love this neighborhood . it 's very quiet here . ' most every property in the neighborhood has a large fence , so kids can play or swim in privacy . stephen wiseman lived next door to the family for almost ten years . he said : they were wonderful , the most kind [ and ] gentle people you’d ever meet . ' our kids played with them all day on saturday , and … we saw the kids on sunday . ' another neighbor reported hearing noises at the house late on monday .