a man arrested by police investigating the disappearance and suspected murder of chef claudia lawrence has been released from bail . pub landlord paul harris was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice . north yorkshire police said the 47-year-old man had been released from his bail conditions after he provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation . missing chef : claudia lawrence ( left ) was 35 when she disappeared in north yorkshire in march 2009 . pub landlord paul harris ( right ) was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice . miss lawrence , who was 35 when she disappeared , was last seen on march 18 , 2009 . she was reported missing by her father after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the university of york . detectives began reviewing the case in 2013 and have since carried out a number of searches , including a detailed re-examination of miss lawrence 's home , in the heworth area of york , and a fingertip search of an alleyway that leads to the rear of the house . a man , in his 50s and from the york area , was arrested last month on suspicion of the chef 's murder . he was later released on bail . a 60-year-old man was arrested last year in connection with her disappearance and suspected murder but was later released without charge . father and daughter : miss lawrence ( right ) was reported missing by her father peter ( left ) after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the university of york . probe : detectives have carried out a number of searches , including a detailed re-examination of miss lawrence 's home , in heworth , york , and a fingertip search of an alleyway that leads to the rear of the house . detective superintendent dai malyn , the senior investigating officer , said : ‘ our investigation into the disappearance and suspected murder of claudia lawrence continues to focus on key lines of inquiry that the ongoing review is identifying . ‘ people should also be reminded that any arrest we make must be based on evidence , be that from witnesses , forensic examinations and/or on the basis of other information we gather . ‘ i am convinced the breakthrough in the investigation will be from this relentless pursuit for the truth . ' a north yorkshire police spokesman said the decision to release the 47-year-old man from his bail conditions had been made following consultation with the crown prosecution service . the spokesman said information provided by him had clarified certain issues . anyone with information that could assist the probe is asked to contact north yorkshire police on 101 or crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or www.crimestoppers-uk.org . 2009 . march 18 . 5.57am - miss lawrence is captured on cctv arriving for work at the university of york 's goodricke college . 2.31pm - the chef leaves work to walk the three miles to her home on heworth road . a female colleague sees her as she drives past in her car and gives her a lift , dropping her off outside her house . 3.05pm - the last sighting of miss lawrence as she walks back to her house . 8.10pm - miss lawrence has a telephone conversation with her father , peter , and then another with her mother , joan . 8.23pm - she sends a text message to a friend . 9.12pm - miss lawrence receives a text on her mobile phone but it is not known if she read the message . march 19 . 6am - miss lawrence fails to arrive for her shift at work . april 24 . detectives say they are treating miss lawrence 's disappearance as a suspected murder . 2010 . march 18 . police reveal ms lawrence spent the night with a mystery boyfriend just two days before she went missing . it was ' critical ' they spoke to the man , a detective adds . may 25 . police confirm they have spent two days searching a house about ten miles from claudia 's home as a result of a ' recent development ' . july 29 . police confirm they are scaling back the number of officers dedicated to the inquiry . 2011 . march 18 . on the second anniversary of miss lawrence 's disappearance , detective superintendent ray galloway reveals that he could have ' potentially ' spoken to her killer . 2012 . march 16 . peter lawrence speaks of his daily pain over his daughter 's disappearance and makes a plea for anyone who may still harbour a sense of ' misguided loyalty ' to come forward and help with the police investigation . 2013 . october 29 . police announce that a new forensic search of miss lawrence 's home is to begin as they launch a fresh review of the case . 2014 . march 17 . mr lawrence , speaking ahead of the fifth anniversary of his daughter 's disappearance , says not knowing what happened to his daughter five years after she disappeared is like a ' cancer ' eating away at him . march 19 . police say a new forensic examination of claudia 's house has uncovered the fingerprints of people who still have not come forward five years after she disappeared . they say they are seeking to trace two men and two vehicles seen near her home . may 13 . a 59-year-old man is arrested on suspicion of murder by detectives investigating the disappearance , and later released without charge . july 23 . pub landlord paul harris , then 46 , is arrested on suspicion on perverting the course of justice . 2015 . march 23 . a 59-year-old father-of-two from the york area is arrested on suspicion of murdering miss lawrence and released on bail the next day . april 14 . mr harris - now aged 47 - is released from bail after providing information to detectives which has progressed the investigation , police say . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .