two college students have been charged in connection to an unconscious girl who was allegedly gang raped on a florida beach during spring break in broad daylight , authorities said . troy university students delonte ' martistee , 22 , of georgia and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , of alabama were charged on friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators relating to the incident that occurred between march 10-12 , according to bay county sheriff 's office . according to wfsa , it has been confirmed by university officials that both men were suspended , and martistee , a promising track star , has been removed from the team . the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details , panama city news herald reported . scroll down for video . delonte ' martistee , 22 , ( left ) and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , ( right ) have been charged in connection with the alleged rape after police in troy , alabama , found the clip on a cell phone during another investigation . martistee of bainbridge , georgia is a promising track star at troy university according to officials , but he has since been removed from the team . calhoun of mobile , alabama was suspended from troy university along with martistee , university officials confirmed . ' she knows something happened , but she does n't know what happened , ' bay county sheriff frank mckeithen said . authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case . friday 's charges stem from a video police found where hundreds of people are seen watching the incident without attempting to intervene during the alleged attack on panama city beach , authorities claim . the footage was uncovered on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in troy , alabama . alerting the bay county sheriff 's office , the two departments worked together to identify two suspects and the alleged victim . mckeithen branded the video the ' most disgusting , sickening thing ' and likened the scene to ' wild animals preying on a carcass laying in the woods ' . following the incident that occurred between march 10-12 , the men were arrested and charged on friday and were taken to the bay county jail as they await their first appearance . in the video , mckeithen said one man is heard in the clip saying , ' she is n't going to know , ' before putting his hand inside her bikini bottoms . the incapacitated young woman is surrounded by several men while seated on a beach chair during the video filmed behind spinnaker beach club . mckeithen told a press conference : ' this is happening in broad daylight with hundreds of people seeing and hearing what is happening and they are more concerned about spilling their beer than somebody being raped . ' this is such a traumatizing event for this girl . no one should have to fear this would happen in panama city beach , but it does . ' authorities said hundreds of people walked past but did not stop the attack near spinnaker beach club on panama city beach , florida , in broad daylight during a spring break party last month . the sheriff 's office said it has encountered incidents like this before through leads found on social media . in one video , police said a crowd pours beer on a girl who appears to be incapacitated while a male performs a sexual act on her . and recently , officers took inventory of the guns and drugs recovered during spring break this year which included marijuana , mdma , cocaine , heroin as well as 49 handguns - which increased from nine last year . this most recent alleged sexual attack and the arrests made on friday have served as a tipping point for the bay county sheriff 's office . mckeithen touted laws during spring break such as banning drinking on the beach and parking lots as well as clubs not being able to allow non-military people under 21 to enter . he said he will fight to have even more strict spring break regulations in the coming year . ' this draws the line in the sand for us , ' he said . ' it is not safe for our children on the beach ... if you condone this behavior , you should be in jail , as far as i 'm concerned . ' the investigation related to the incident is ongoing .