the state of oregon on friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former gov . john kitzhaber , who resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business . the emails show the very active role that cylvia hayes , kitzhaber 's longtime companion , played in his administration , as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor 's staff . hayes routinely attended meetings , was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees . kitzhaber had downplayed her role in the administration , insisting she was not adviser or public official , which would require her to adhere to the ethics laws that he and his staff must uphold . scroll down for video . emails released by the state of oregon show cylvia hayes , ( right ) fiancee of former governor john kitzhaber ( left ) , shows that she played a very active role in his scandalous administration . kitzhaber , a democrat , resigned in february , saying the influence-peddling allegations surrounding hayes had become too much of a distraction . the fbi is investigating and has issued subpoenas for the emails and thousands of other records . the emails released friday are messages between hayes and the official email accounts for staff members in kitzhaber 's office . yet to be released are hayes ' interactions with officials in other state agencies , as well as emails from her personal accounts that discussed state business . hayes has filed a lawsuit seeking to block the release of her personal emails . the emails show that hayes was involved in policy meetings , and her input was sometimes sought on policy questions . in one example from april 2011 , shortly after kitzhaber took office , the governor 's executive assistant sent an email to an aide assigned to hayes . she had scheduled a meeting for two policy advisers , kitzhaber and hayes , but the governor had to leave early . ' they will discuss natural resource and jobs/economy-related issues , ' the assistant wrote . ' the governor will stay for 15 minutes ; but i expect the meeting to last 30 minutes . ' a year later , hayes was asked to weigh in on a bill before the legislature . ' cheryl , regarding bullet 3 of hb 4144 , i would not like to see it removed , ' hayes wrote . ' that is counter to where we are headed with the ten year energy plan and implementing carbon accounting . ' hayes routinely attended meetings , was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees . her relations with staff sometimes caused tensions . in december 2012 , hayes sent a note to all staff asking them to buy $ 100 tickets to a fundraiser . kitzhaber 's chief of staff quickly replied : ' cylvia , can i ask you not to use folks ' state email to do fundraising requests . it puts the team in an awkward position given your role as first lady . ' last year , hayes complained to kitzhaber 's communications director , nkenge harmon-johnson , that a speech she gave did n't go as well as it could have because a speechwriter had n't finished a draft . the writer had shifted to work on a late-scheduled speech for the governor . harmon-johnson was later fired , in part because of her frosty relationship with the first lady , according to her termination letter . hayes often sought opportunities to travel to conferences or speak to audiences . in december 2013 , a spokeswoman for the bend-lapine schools learned kitzhaber and hayes would be in town and invited them to a fundraiser to support scholarships for after-school sport and club programs . while the governor could n't make it , hayes said she would be ' happy to attend and make a few brief remarks about the prosperity initiative and how athletic scholarships helped me become a first generation college grad . ' when the organizers said there 's no room for her to speak but they 'd still love her to come , she emailed her assistant : ' please find a nice way to decline . ' shortly after hayes held a tearful news conference last october to acknowledge that she was paid to enter a fraudulent marriage in 1997 with a man seeking immigration benefits , she replied to an email from a european man she 'd met at a conference . ' it sounds like maybe you have not seen the media firestorm i am in the midst of , ' she wrote . ' it is very intense , painful and embarrassing . i do know it will pass as the campaign season closes . i will make a note to follow up with you in november to set up a call . '