jurors have started deliberations in the case against a man accused of killing 6-year-old etan patz , whose 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children 's movement . etan patz ' is larger than his very little , important life , ' assistant district attorney joan illuzzi-orbon said in closing arguments at the manhattan murder trial of pedro hernandez . she asked jurors to convict hernandez of murder , saying he was a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime and then spent three decades trying to hide from it . shira patz and stanley patz , the sister and father of etan patz , arrive for court , in new york , wednesday : jurors have started deliberations in the case against pedro hernandez . pedro hernandez , left , is accused of killing 6-year-old etan patz , right , who vanished in 1979 . hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades . etan 's body was never found , nor was any trace of clothing or his belongings . he had never been considered a suspect - his name appears only once in law enforcement paperwork at the time etan disappeared . the defense says the admissions are made up , the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low iq . a teenage stock clerk at the corner shop , hernandez knew there were children in and out of the store , and etan had been there countless times , the prosecutor said . she said hernandez saw etan with a dollar and calculated he wanted a drink , so he asked him to the basement . ' day after day he saw this beautiful little boy , ' she said . ' one day , he acted on an impulse and did something terrible to this little boy . ' she said the motive was sexual , and etan likely fought back . ' the quickest and easiest way to shut him up and shut him up permanently was to choke him to death , ' she said . rosemary hernandez , left , and becky hernandez , the wife and daughter of pedro hernandez , arrive for court in new york , on wednesday . stanley patz , left , the father of etan patz , arrives for court on wednesday , although his estranged wife julie , right , has n't been pictured at court in recent days . illuzzi-orbon said his first confession to a prayer group shortly after the boy disappeared was the most accurate - he was confessing to god , and he was trying to unburden himself . prayer circle members testified that hernandez made tearful admissions during a 1979 retreat that matched some of what he told authorities on video 33 years later : he gave a child a soda , took him to the store basement and choked him . two said hernandez also admitted abusing the boy ; when talking to police , hernandez denied molesting etan . a former neighbor and his ex-wife also testified he told them about killing someone in new york . the maple shade , new jersey , man made the stunning admissions to police after authorities received a tip from a relative who saw news reports of the case in 2012 . site : hernandez was working in 1979 at this corner convenience store , near where etan was last seen where the man said he threw the boy 's body into trash . ' i grabbed him by the neck and started choking him , ' said hernandez , now 54 . ' i was nervous . my legs were jumping . i wanted to let go , but i just could n't let go . i felt like something just took over me . ' defense attorney harvey fishbein said the confession video shows ' a man sitting there convinced he killed a child - on a day that he does n't know , at a time he does n't know , at a location near a bus stop that he does n't know . ' the defense has suggested that the real killer is a convicted pedophile jailed in pennsylvania who was the longtime suspect in the case . that man , jose ramos , denies involvement . however , a former federal prosecutor and fbi agent testified that ramos told investigators he was '90 percent ' sure a boy he took from a park was etan , and hernandez 's former prison cellmate testified that ramos admitted molesting the boy . ' two confessions , ' fishbein said . ' which person is more likely to have been a predator ? ' etan 's photo was one of the first on milk cartons . the day he went missing , may 25 , became national missing children 's day . etan patz 's 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children 's movement .