battleground : esther mcvey , who won her wirral west seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436 , has demanded that ed miliband condemns the attacks . tory minister esther mcvey has called on ed miliband to condemn the ‘scurrilous’ campaign against her after she was branded ‘ murderer mcvey’ in graffiti . the employment minister also had an election song written about her by rivals claiming she was going to hell . miss mcvey has been one of the party’s most prominent rising stars , but is the tory cabinet minister most at risk of becoming a casualty on election night with a fierce battle to cling on to her marginal wirral west seat . yesterday the former gmtv presenter , who won in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436 , insisted that she would not be cowered by the ‘ misogynistic and sexist’ attacks that she said showed what the labour party really thinks of women . ‘ if they think by coming in the dead of the night and scribbling on a wall and by being anonymous on twitter that they will intimidate and bully me they are picking on the wrong person , ’ she said . ‘ i believe it is right that we have a conservative mp up here who is sitting at the table at cabinet , so their underhand tactics won’t bully and intimidate me . ’ miss mcvey , who was given a job in the cabinet by david cameron last july , said that she is one of a number of women sat around the table who knows how to have her voice heard and shows the party is not solely made up of women in ‘twin-sets and pearls’ . she also revealed how the network of female tory ministers , including home secretary theresa may , support each other with text messages , phone calls and by taking each other out for drinks . miss mcvey , who is the only conservative mp on merseyside , said her political opponents are trying to create ‘ an atmosphere of fear’ in her seat . local trade union activists launched their ‘ sack esther mcvey’ campaign last year on her birthday and a song with the same name has been recorded and posted on the internet . the vile lyrics claim that miss mcvey ‘ torments the sick and poor’ , ‘ is going to hell’ and that ‘ the wicked witch of the wirral’s had her day’ . last year labour mp john mcdonnell joked that her constituents want to ‘ lynch the b*****d’ and last week john prescott accused her of being ‘heartless’ . at a labour rally in her constituency , the former labour deputy prime minister claimed to forget her name and said he only remembered her because of the dress she wore into downing street when she was promoted . the job centre in hoylake , at the centre of her constituency , was also targeted with graffiti at the end of last month that read : ‘ mcvey murderer . ’ miss mcvey said : ‘ of course it’s hurtful , not just to me , but more so sometimes for your family and friends . ‘ i have to say , john prescott has never been good with words . he doesn’t know my name and he has shown he knows a big fat zero about me as well . ‘ i am totally driven by my heart and my head . you can not give away what you have not got , but you have got to have the right motives . i wouldn’t believe in social mobility if i didn’t have a heart . ’ message : graffiti on wirral job centre accusing mp esther mcvey of being a murderer in one of a number of attacks . defiant : the former gmtv presenter , pictured yesterday with northern ireland secretary theresa villiers , right , and her campaign team spoke out about being targeted in offensive graffiti and songs . miss mcvey said that despite the personal attacks she is not afraid to go out canvassing by herself . she said : ‘ oh yeah of course i do . i live here . i walk down here . i go canvassing by myself all the time . ‘they’re trying to paint a very ugly picture and trying to create an atmosphere of fear , but that is not the case . the people of wirral west are not like that . ’ she added : ‘ the attacks have been misogynistic and sexist and i find it rather mystifying how the labour party purports to be a party for a woman and yet have run this scurrilous campaign against me and at no time has it been condemned by ed miliband . ‘ i think this myth that they’re for women is only a myth and the reality is the campaign they have run against me shows what they truly think about women . ’ miss mcvey , who was one of only five ministers to make it onto the front page of the conservative manifesto alongside mr cameron , hit back at suggestions she was only there as a ‘ token woman’ . she said : ‘ i believe i was there because as minister for employment we have seen a record number of jobs created in the economy , two million jobs . ’ after earlier this year revealing her ambition to one day become prime minister , miss mcvey said she hopes that another woman will become tory leader in her lifetime . she said : ‘ every time requires a different leader and hopefully in our lifetimes there will be time when another woman is needed as leader . ’ as she hosted a women business leaders event in her constituency yesterday alongside northern ireland secretary theresa villiers and lords leader baroness stowell , miss mcvey talked about the support she has received from other women in the cabinet behind the scenes . she also denied that the tory party is predominantly made up of women in twin-sets and pearls . ‘ no . for me i have never have thought that because the tory women i knew were not like that , ’ she said . ‘ the tory women in this room are just people running a business , looking after a family , there is not anybody here in twin-set and pearls , they are just regular people who understand you can not spend what you have not got . ’ support : miss mcvey was flanked by ms villiers and and felow tory grant shapps on the campaign trail yesterday . asked if it was easy being only one of only a few women in cabinet , she said : ‘ you have got to look at it from both sides of the table , we might be in lesser numbers but sometimes that can make you more visible and your points more pertinent too . ‘i’m the sort of person who doesn’t look at what could be the difficulties and “ oh say i give up” . look at the difficulties , rise to the challenge and make sure your voice is being heard . ’ miss mcvey said that the female tory ministers exchange text messages , phone calls and go out for drinks together . she said : ‘ of course you are busy doing what you do but there is a support behind the scenes . ‘ people like justine greening will say “let’s go out for a drink” . ‘ theresa may was chairman of the party when i came in . she was very good at giving the realities of the job , what were the expectations , what support can you have , is there anything else you need to know . ‘ obviously there are phone calls that you have with one another – “ how do you deal with that ? ” , “ what do you do ? ” , “ what would your advice be on this ? ” . ‘there’s personal support and professional support and theresa may has given both . ’ miss mcvey said that she was pleased to see nicola sturgeon , natalie bennett and leanne wood representing their parties in the televised leaders debates even though she disagrees with them politically . she said : ‘ obviously their policies aside , for women to get to the top of their profession , that’s what i have fought for all of my life , i think that’s fantastic . ’ tory chairman grant shapps , who also visited miss mcvey’s seat yesterday , condemned the campaign against her . he said : ‘ i think it’s completely unacceptable and it has to stop . i call on the labour leadership locally and nationally to reign it in because it is not the sort of civilised debate we should be having . ’ last year the labour party said mr mcdonell’s comment did ‘ not represent the views of the labour party’ , but refused to withdraw the whip from him . the local labour party has condemned the ‘ murder mcvey’ graffiti and said it was the council leader who reported the vandalism and ordered its immediate removal .