the mass stranding of 160 melon-headed whales on two beaches in japan has triggered fears of upcoming earthquake and tsunami . the whales , which are in fact a species of dolphin , were found washed up along a 6-mile ( 10km ) stretch of the pacific coast of hokato , around 60 miles ( 100km ) north of tokyo . although officials are still investigating the cause of the strandings , they triggered rumours on social media of an impending earthquake . scroll down for video . more than 160 melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches at hokota city , north-east of tokyo . the fears appeared to be based on the appearance of 50 melon-headed whales six days before the devastating undersea earthquake in 2011 that caused a tsunami and left 19,000 people dead . however , experts have dismissed the claims as being ' unscientific ' . for centuries there have been accounts of animals behaving bizarrely before earthquakes . now scientists have filmed the behaviour of wild animals prior to a quake and believe their study could help improve short-term seismic forecasting . they found that animals in peru - such as pumas and razor-billed curassow birds - ran for cover days before the event . researchers believe that the changes in behaviour may be linked to airborne ions . led by dr rachel grant of anglia ruskin university , experts used data gathered from a series of motion-triggered cameras located in the yanachaga national park in peru . the research found that significant changes in animal behaviour began 23 days before the magnitude 7.0 contamana earthquake that struck the region in 2011 . on a typical day , the cameras would record between five and 15 animal sightings . however , within the two-day period in the run-up to the earthquake , they recorded five or fewer sightings . instead they believe the melon-headed whales may have suffered a parasitic infection . others believe the sandy shoals around hokato city may have also made the animal 's sonar ineffective . toshiaki kishiro , head of cetacean resources at japan 's national research institute of far seas fisheries , said while it was possible the whales frightened by disturbances in the earth 's electromagnetic field caused by movement in the tectonic plates - there were was no firm evidence of this . speaking to the telegraph he said : ' this area of japan has had many similar cases of beachings in the past , and especially of this species , so we are trying to find out why it happens . ' he added that the animals , which measure two to three metres in length , could have been trying to avoid predators like killer whales and come too close to the shore . however , despite attempts to reassure the public , social media sites like twitter have been ablaze with rumours of an impending earthquake . one twitter user wrote : ' is the next one coming ? be ready for a quake . ' the whales first began to appear on the beach last week but officials said they had discovered eight more bodies today . local residents had rushed to the beaches with buckets and towels in an attempt to help keep the marine mammals alive . scientists are still investigating what caused the whales to become stranded on the beaches of hokota city . local resident used buckets of water in an attempt to keep the melon-headed whales alive on the beaches . officials have spent the weekend removing and buring the dead melon-headed whales after they stranded . however , almost all of the animals have now died although a few were returned to the ocean . the strandings in 2011 before the magnitude 9 earthquake off the coast of japan is not the first association of whale strandings with tectonic activity . around 100 pilot whales died in a mass stranding on a remote beach in new zealand just two days before a large earthquake hit christchurch in 2011 . the 2004 boxing day earthquake in the indian ocean that also triggered a devastating tsunami also saw 170 whales stranded on beaches in australia and new zealand in the days before . those whales that survived were taken back out to sea by the japan coast guard to return them to the ocean . japan coast guard personnel managed to return some of the whales back to the sea . the whales were stranded on two beaches close to hokota city around 60 miles north of tokyo . according to the us geological survey , which monitors tremors around the world , there was a small magnitude 5.3 earthquake 157 miles ( 252km ) off the coast of namie , japan . quakes of this size are relatively common along the fault line . however , researchers have found it is possible detect tiny pulses in the earth 's magnetic field in the areas around the epicentre of earthquakes in the weeks before they occur . researchers at san jose state university have been developing new techniques to use these pulses to predict earthquakes using highly sensitive magnetometres . however , it is not know if whales have the ability to detect such tiny fluctuations . tadasu yamada , a senior researcher at the national museum of nature and science , said investigations were still ongoing into what caused the whales to strand in hokato . he told public broadcaster nhk : ' we do n't see any immediate signs of diseases on their bodies , such as cancer . ' we want to figure out what killed these animals . ' residents struggled to return the whales to the sea after the mammals became exhausted in the shallow water . once stranded , the animals are vulnerable to dehydration and sunburn until rescuers can use the high tide to move their massive weight back into deeper water . efforts to save the dolphins stood in marked contrast to the global view of japan and its relationship with cetaceans . despite international opprobrium , japan hunts minke and pilot whales off its coast , and has for many years also pursued the mammals in the antarctic ocean , where it takes advantage of a scientific exemption to an international moratorium on whaling . it has never made a secret of the fact that meat from the animals is consumed . a united nations court ruled last year that the antarctic hunt was a commercial venture masquerading as research , prompting tokyo to suspend operations , but it vowed to redesign the programme to make it more scientific . the international whaling commission 's ( iwc ) panel of experts said today that it opposed japan 's proposal for its scientific research whaling programme , saying it did not demonstrate a need for killing whales .