an obscure agreement struck by state governments in 1993 means the vast majority of australians will not get a day off this anzac weekend . under the pact , no public holiday is triggered when anzac day falls on a saturday , as it does this year . the agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays across the nation . that makes anzac day the exception when it comes to public holidays . if easter , christmas , australia day , the queen 's birthday or labour day fall on a weekend , a holiday is granted on a weekday . scroll down for video . bosses in some states have been warned to expect a rise in employees calling in sick this monday due to the lack of an anzac day public holiday . but the rules do not apply to everyone , it seems . western australia and some public servants in canberra have decided to go it alone and will get monday off . the head of the immgration department declared monday a public holiday for 8,500 staff , but other departments such as the australian taxation office and defence will have to turn up to work . for the rest of the country , it 's back to work on monday . the decision not to grant the holiday has been condemned by some groups and human resources expert paul dundon warned there would be a big jump in employees calling in sick because they feel ' entitled ' to the day off , reports courier mail . ' employees will feel aggrieved by not having a day off , australians have an entitlement mentality , ' said mr dundon , the boss of direct health solutions . ' they 're missing out and people want their fair share . ' mr dundon said bosses should expect a 20 per cent-25 per cent rise in absenteeism on monday 27 . in turn , some businesses have notified staff that if they they fake a sick day , they risk losing their job . in queensland alone , losses to businesses are estimated at more than $ 7.5 million if an expected 20,000 workers call in sick . the anniversary of the landing on gallipoli has fallen on a saturday this year , meaning all states but wa will miss out on holiday on monday . australian state governments came together for a council of australian governments meeting in 1993 to try and make public holidays consistent across the nation . the reason was to avoid ' costs and disruption for business ' that occurred when every state had different laws . the states agreed that when christmas day , boxing day and new year’s day fell on a weekend , a public holiday the next working day would be triggered . it was decided that a public holiday for anzac day would only be triggered if it fell on a monday . good friday , easter saturday and easter monday would continue to be observed on the days set according to tradition across the nation . in nsw , the greens called on premier mike baird to give workers monday off , claiming the government has the power to grant an additional holiday under the public holidays act . but nsw business chamber chief officer stephen cartwright told the sydney morning herald there is no need for another holiday . ' anzac day is a very special day for australians as it commemorates the landings at gallipoli on april 25 , 1915 , and we rightly pause and take time to reflect on that day , whatever day of the week it happens to fall on each year , ' he said . punters playing traditional australian anzac day gambling game two-up : nsw business chamber officer stephen cartwright said there is no need for an additional holiday on for anzac day . the last time anzac day fell on a saturday was 2009 , and before that in 1987 , 1992 and 1998 . a survey released last year by direct health solutions found australian employees took on average of 10 sick days per year . it estimated that australia experiences an annual cost of $ 33 billion in lost productivity from sick days .