hillary clinton is expected to officially declare her candidacy for president on ' sunday afternoon , ' according to a democratic party source in iowa . the clinton partisan spoke to daily mail online on background , saying the former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the white house on twitter , and then barnstorm the hawkeye state in what the associated press calls a series of ' small ' meetings with voters . separately , an iowa republcian party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to hillary are rounding up democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week . a new hampshire gop political operative who works for a likely candidate who has n't yet launched a campaign added that clinton 's efforts in the state are ' surprisingly slow , given her primary victory here in 2008 . ' clinton will fly to new hampshire after her iowa swing . scroll down for videos . ready for hillary ? clinton will announce her bid to become america 's first female president this weekend . starting gun : the former first lady faces no substantial competition – yet – for the democratic nomination in 2016 . in a timely release just days before the start of her presidential campaign , clinton reveals in a new epilogue to her book ' hard choices ' why she decided to take the presidential leap . ' becoming a grandmother has made me think deeply about the responsibility we all share as stewards of the world we inherit and will one day pass on . rather than make me want to slow down , it has spurred me to speed up . ' as margaret mead said , children keep our imaginations fresh and our hearts young , and they drive us to work for a better future . i 've also returned again and again to this question of universality – how much we all have in common even if the circumstances of our lives may be different . ' as you 've seen throughout this book , one of the defining themes of my time as secretary of state was our increasing global interdependence . despite all the division and discord in the world , which sometimes can seem overwhelming , the basic fact of the 21st century is that we 're more connected than ever . ' if the united states continues to lead the world in the years ahead , as i believe it can and must , it will be because we have learned how to define the terms of our interdependence to promote more cooperation and shared prosperity and less conflict and inequality . ' as we 've seen since the first edition of this book was published in june 2014 , the negative side of interdependence remains potent – whether it was the spread of virulent new strands of extremism in the middle east or old-style nationalism in europe or a deadly epidemic in africa . our job is to build up the positive side . ' the united states and the other great democracies have to redouble our efforts to empower moderates and marginalize extremists everywhere , and to stand firmly and united in pursuit of a more just , free , and peaceful world . ' that 's the world i want for charlotte and for all our kids . ' in the excerpt , released friday to the huffington post , she describes how becoming a grandmother inspired her ' to see the world in new ways ' and made her realize that ' there was so much more to do . ' ' becoming a grandmother has made me think deeply about the responsibility we all share as stewards of the world we inherit and will one day pass on , ' she writes . ' rather than make me want to slow down , it has spurred me to speed up . ' the maneuver of re-upping public attention on her poorly selling memoir , though , highlights one of clinton 's key liabilities : likeability . her campaign has a steep hill to climb if she is to escape the 1990s-era image of a controlling and often temperamental politician , or the 2000s sequel – a scheming conniver bent on winning power . the republican national committee had been mum about hillary 's impending announcement , but the party took its gloves off friday morning with a scathing video ad highlighting her scandals . ' from the east wing to the state department , hillary clinton has left a trail of secrecy , scandal and failed liberal policies that no image consultant can erase , rnc chairman reince priebus said friday in a statement . ' voters want to elect someone they can trust and hillary 's record proves that she can not be trusted . ' the clinton campaign-in-waiting held a secret off-the-record dinner with a hand-picked group of journalists thursday night in washington , d.c. , also according to the huffington post . the former first lady once faced no substantial competition for the 2016 democratic presidential nomination but a few challengers have emerged lately – most notably former maryland governor martin o'malley , who has also conducting private fundraisers meetings in new york city . clinton also faces intense scrutiny over an email scandal involving a private home-brew server she maintained at her chappaqua , new york home , a problem that will taint her claim to her party 's top perch . announcing a presidential campaign on social media has become ordinary this year , with republicans rand paul and ted cruz preempting their own televised launches with tweets and facebook posts meant to appeal to young and low-attention-span voters . clinton , too , will need to leverage the online space and will follow her tweets with email and video announcements . the reuters news service predicted that the videos will go ' viral . ' in her previous presidential run in 2008 , clinton lost to barack obama , in part because of the obama campaign 's intense use of digital and online strategies to draw attention to his candidacy and raise huge sums through small donations . by 2012 his team , led by veterans from facebook and google , were deploying sophisticated social media strategies . clinton 's 2016 campaign is expected to concentrate on making the 67-year-old former first lady relatable to ordinary americans despite her age and longstanding connection to the democratic party 's political machinery . after serving eight years as first lady , she won a u.s. senate seat in new york and then spent four years jetting to foreign capitals as obama 's first-term secretary of state . day-to-day contact with everyday americans has been elusive and rare . skeletons : clinton will face a new round of scrutiny over her time in the white house as first lady . tweet tweet : the 67-year-old democrat will have to find ways to connect with the younger voters as she distances herself from past and present scandals . kristina schake ( pictured ) has been brought in to help transform hillary clinton 's public image . but in a year when republicans have a deep bench , democrats have sat back and waited for hillary to claim their brass ring . she remains the overwhelming favorite for the democratic nomination but has seen her poll numbers slip in recent days . on thursday a quinnipiac university poll revealed she has slipped against the leading 2016 republican candidates in colorado , iowa and virginia . pollsters cited damage from what has become known as 'email-gate . ' in a bid to recast her image she has brought in kristina schake , the former white house aide responsible for transforming michelle obama 's public image into that of an all-american ' everywoman ' who shops at retail outlets , does ' mom dancing ' on tv and even has a twitter account . schake , 45 , will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician from an aggressive and secretive figure into a softer , more accessible one . thursday 's swing state poll also showed clinton in a close race with u.s . senator rand paul , the kentucky republican who declared his candidacy on tuesday . clinton is in tight hypothetical races in colorado and iowa , where she previously led by commanding margins . stand with rand : the quinnipiac university swing state poll showed hillary clinton in a close race with u.s . senator rand paul ( pictured ) , the kentucky republican who declared his candidacy on tuesday . ' it is n't just one or two republicans who are stepping up ; it 's virtually the entire gop field that is running better against her ' since the last swing state survey on february 18 , pollster peter brown said in a statement . brown attributed the drop to the controversy that erupted in march over clinton 's use of personal email for work when she was america 's top diplomat . republicans have raised the prospect of congressional hearings on the issue . paul led clinton by 44 per cent to 41 per cent in colorado and 43 per cent to 42 per cent in iowa , the quinnipiac poll showed . in virginia , clinton led 47 per cent to 43 per cent . ' these numbers are a boost for u.s . senator rand paul of kentucky as he formally launches his campaign , ' brown said . most earlier polls had shown clinton with a substantial lead over the republican field .  