arsenal are trying to find a cure for alex oxlade-chamberlain 's persistent groin problems in a bid to prevent surgery . arsene wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain that has sidelined him since the fa cup win over manchester united on march 9 . however , it is the recurrence of a long-standing groin problem that has caused the delay in chamberlain 's return to action , not the hamstring . arsenal are trying to find a cure for alex oxlade-chamberlain’s persistent groin problems . oxlade-chamberlain has been struggling with an ongoing groin problem for several months . the groin injury has been an ongoing problem for the england international for several months , but he , together with the club 's medical staff , have managed it throughout the season . the root cause of the complaint remains unclear , with club doctors trying to establish a permanent cure for the problem . arsenal are keen to surgery and are exploring other treatment methods to rid the former southampton man of his groin discomfort . however , the option of an operation is n't being ruled out , though any procedure would only take place in the summer . arsene wenger has revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return to fitness . the 21-year-old should play again this season but the fear is that the problem could recur . oxlade-chamberlain will miss at least two more weeks , meaning he will not be available for next weekend 's fa cup semi-final against reading . the 21-year-old should play again this season , but the fear is that the problem could recur . surgery would mean another busy summer for oxlade-chamberlain as he 'd be required to complete a rehabilitation programme before pre-season . he was involved in roy hodgson 's world cup squad last year , but did n't feature owing to a knee injury . fitness permitting , oxlade-chamberlain is also likely to be part of hodgson 's squad for euro 2016 at the end of next season . arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old maxi romero from velez sarsfield for £4.5million . ' it is taking a bit longer than i thought because he has a groin inflammation , ' confirmed wenger . ' i hope it does not become a long-term problem but he faces a hurdle this week in training . ' we will see if he has recovered , so the end of the week and the start of next week are important to see if he got rid of that inflammation . meanwhile , arsenal 's chief negotiator dick law has flown to argentina in an attempt to rubber-stamp the £4.5million capture of 16-year-old forward maxi romero from velez sarsfield . the deal has been held up by third-party ownership issues - and law has travelled to south america to resolve the problem .