a large gas pipeline exploded into a tower of fire on friday in central california , closing both directions of a major highway and injuring at least 15 people , four of them critically , authorities said . it was not clear what caused the explosion at the fresno county sheriff 's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt . the explosion on a pacific gas & electric co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside highway 99 , according to fresno county sheriff margaret mims . scroll down for video . a fireball erupts after a large gas pipeline exploded in fresno , california , on friday . the explosion and fire closed both directions of highway 99 , authorities said . a firefighter watches the blaze shot well over 100 feet into the air . eleven people were injured , three critically , in the explosion . the flames shot well over 100 feet into the air , witnesses said . traffic heading north and south on highway 99 in fresno was halted by the explosion about 2.30pm as flames towered over the roadway , the california highway patrol reported . the highway was reopened three hours later , the chp said . the driver of the front-loader was a county public works employee who had been working at the shooting range all day working on a tall berm that confines gunfire to the range , mims said . ten inmates and the operator were hospitalized , she said . three inmates were evaluated and sent back to jail , and two deputies were being evaluated for ringing ears and exposure to the hot blast . four patients were being treated at community regional medical center 's burn and trauma unit , spokeswoman mary lisa russell said . three of them are in critical condition and one is in serious condition . the explosion on a pacific gas & electric co. pipe carrying natural gas happened at the gun range while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road , according to authorities . pacific gas & electric crews are seen in the distance along the fresno road after the massive explosion . four other patients were taken to st. agnes hospital and three more to madera community hospital . asked whether the driver was scraping or digging the earth when the gas exploded , mims said her office is investigating . ' hopefully we 'll be able to speak to the worker to see what action he was taking at the time , ' she said . mims noted pg & e had , some time ago , marked the location of gas lines in the construction zones . the flames prompted a two-alarm call of firefighters , said pete martinez of the fresno fire department . a nearby rail line was also halted out of concern that a passing train could spark leaking gas . kevin ling was driving by shortly after the blast , and he saw fire flying into the sky . ' as i got closer , the flames were just bigger and bigger , ' he said . ' it was shooting up to 200 feet or more , and a fireball maybe ten-to-15 feet in diameter . it was like out of a movie . ' ' my window was up and my ac was on and it still felt like a furnace inside my car , ' he added . emergency respondents gather near the scene of a gas line rupture . those who were injured were taken to several different hospitals in the area . highway 99 , a major highway in central california , was closed in both directions after the gas-line explosion . the 12-inch diameter pipeline involved in the fire belongs to pg & e , martinez said . a front-loader was in the area , but it 's unclear if the vehicle was digging at the time of the explosion , he said , adding that ' it was a large explosion that shook the surrounding area ' . pg & e spokesman denny boyles said the pipeline was damaged by a vehicle and that the line was buried but he did n't know how deeply . the flame from the pipe was extinguished at about an hour and a half after the blast , he said . another pg & e spokesman , keith stephens , referred questions to local authorities . ' our thoughts and prayers are with those who are reported to be injured , ' he said . the fresno county sheriff 's office is investigation as to whether the driver of a front-loader doing work in the area was scraping or digging the earth when the gas exploded . the california public utilities commission said in a statement that it is investigating the explosion in cooperation with the federal pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration . pg & e 's natural-gas operations have been under scrutiny following a fiery 2010 pg & e pipeline blast that killed eight people in the san francisco suburb of san bruno . national transportation safety board investigators blamed faulty safety practices by pg & e , and lax oversight by state regulators , for the 2010 blast . earlier this month , state regulators leveled the state 's biggest-ever penalty against a utility - $ 1.6billion - against pg & e for the san bruno blast . california public utilities commission president michael picker said at the time that continuing safety citations against the utility made him doubt that the utility had embraced a culture of safety , and he raised the possibility of breaking apart the utility 's gas and electric operations . the 12-inch diameter pipeline involved in the fire belongs to pg & e , pete martinez of the fresno fire department , said . ten inmates and the operator were hospitalized , she said . three inmates were evaluated and sent back to jail , and two deputies were being evaluated for ringing ears and exposure to the hot blast .