labour has moved two points clear of the tories – despite just one in three voters thinking ed miliband is ' capable ' . mr miliband 's party has jumped to 35 per cent , up one point from last month . the tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent , according to the pollsters ipsos mori . despite labour 's growing lead ahead with just 21 days to go until polling day , mr miliband 's poll ratings remain dire . mr miliband 's party has jumped to 35 per cent , up one point from last month . the tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent , according to the pollsters ipsos mori . only a third of the public see the labour leader as a ' capable leader ' while just a quarter think he would be ' good in a crisis ' , according to the poll for the evening standard . david cameron is seen as a better leader and is also ahead for having ' a clear vision ' for the country . but almost two-thirds of the public say the pm is n't in touch with their lives , while 75 per cent think he favours some sections of society more than others . mr farage has suffered another dip in his ratings , which are now almost as bad as nick clegg 's . some 56 per cent are dissatisfied with him , which is his highest yet . the survey by ipsos mori also reveals that ukip has fallen three points and is now languishing on just 10 per cent – only two points ahead of the greens . the poll comes ahead of tonight 's crunch ' challengers ' debate in which mr miliband squares up against four other party leaders – but not nick clegg or the prime minister . in other headline results from the state-of-play survey , natalie bennett 's green party has recovered support since her infamous ' brain fade ' gaffe on live radio , putting on two points to eight per cent . the greens have pushed clegg 's liberal democrats into a humiliating fifth place , down one point to seven . labour leader ed miliband leaves the methodist central hall in westminster after paying a short visit ahead of tonight 's live tv debate . the lecterns which will be used in the election debate between labour party leader ed miiband , ukip leader nigel farage , green party leader natalie bennett , scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon and plaid cymru party leader leanne wood tonight . a poll of all the polls has labour and the tories neck and neck - with both parties are on 33.9 per cent . ukip is in third place on 12.8 per cent , the party 's lowest share for more than a month . the liberal democrats are fourth on 7.9 per cent and the greens are fifth on 5.4 per cent . the poll of polls is calculated using a rolling average of every nationwide poll published in the last seven days . its figures suggest that , three weeks out from the election , the country is heading for another hung parliament , with no party likely to win the 326 seats needed to form a majority in the house of commons . this is backed up by the latest projections of the election result . an average of current forecasts by the guardian , the new statesman and electionforecast.co.uk gives the conservatives a one-seat lead over labour , with the tories winning 274 mps and labour 273 . 