most afternoons , after the players had drifted away from tottenham 's training centre , tim sherwood would sit for hours with his coaches chris ramsey and les ferdinand in the staff canteen . they were always together , forming an alliance after tottenham chairman daniel levy made sherwood responsible for the club 's youth and under 21 programmes in 2008 . on tuesday evening they will be in opposing dug-outs at villa park , trying to lead their teams away from relegation danger in these final , fraught weeks of the barclays premier league season . tim sherwood ( from left to right ) , les ferdinand and chris ramsey during their time at white hart lane . sherwood ( right ) sits on the bench with tottenham hotspur staff ferdinand ( centre ) and ramsey ( left ) . tottenham striker emmanuel adebayor celebrates his goal by saluting sherwood ( right ) and ramsey ( centre ) . whatever happens between sherwood 's aston villa and ramsey 's queens park rangers , where ferdinand is now head of football operations , the three men will remain firm friends . the bond is strong even if sherwood is blocking ramsey 's mobile phone calls temporarily . ' what would we talk about ? ' said sherwood on monday . ' you ca n't share team notes . i keep red- buttoning him ! all we could say is , `` how 's the family , are you all right ? ok , see you tuesday '' . ' sherwood and ramsey forged their friendship at tottenham . someone , somewhere is always working an angle with levy , but they looked out for each other at a club regarded as the most political in the english top flight . intriguingly , sherwood hinted on monday that if ramsey 's tenure at loftus road proves short-lived , he would ask to bring him to villa . ' i would have to speak to the club about whether we could find a role for him here , ' confirmed sherwood . ' i know i 'm biased but he is up there with the very best coaches i have ever seen . ' he is a street kid . he knows how to talk to them . you could ask him two minutes before to put on a session for 40 players and he could do it . ' sherwood and ramsey are credited with guiding some of the brightest young talents at spurs and helping them break into the first team . sherwood and ramsey forged their friendship at tottenham and remain close ahead of their showdown . the bond between the two remains strong even if sherwood is blocking ramsey 's mobile phone calls for now . sherwood hinted that if ramsey 's tenure at loftus road ends , then he would ask to bring him to villa park . harry kane , andros townsend and ryan mason , who all played in england 's 1-1 draw in italy last week , were brought through tottenham 's youth system by this coaching collective . some at spurs bridle at the idea that the trio are wholly responsible for their development , but you ca n't deny their influence . next season , for example , england under 21 midfielder alex pritchard will return from his loan at brentford and is expected to be named in tottenham 's 25-man first-team squad . joshua onomah , who made his debut for tottenham in january and also captains the youth team , is another discovery . sherwood took to ramsey when he was gaining knowledge of youth football after he accepted a new role at tottenham in 2012 . ramsey , who played right back for brighton in the 2-2 draw with manchester united in the 1983 fa cup final , was brought into tottenham in 2005 by academy director john mcdermott and initially assigned to the under 14 team . the pair had met at the fa , where ramsey had worked after an ill-fated coaching spell alongside former luton player ricky hill at kenilworth road . ramsey still lives in bedfordshire , a short drive from sherwood 's imposing house in dagnall , buckinghamshire , which he bought when he was a blackburn player . ramsey pictured on the touchline during a qpr match as he tries to save the club from relegation . ramsey must put his friendship with sherwood on ice for the time being as he tries to see off his pal 's team . ramsey still lives in bedfordshire - a short drive from sherwood 's imposing house in buckinghamshire . when sherwood accepted his role as development co-ordinator , shipping players out on loan to gain experience ( often to swindon , where lee power , a friend from his playing days at norwich , is chairman ) , tottenham 's players flourished . on matchdays he often scouted players with ferdinand . as they became more involved with youth development , preferring to educate their own players rather than recruit expensive youngsters , they gained levy 's trust . when andre villas-boas pushed the self-destruct button in december 2013 , all three moved into the dug-out following sherwood 's appointment . it was short-lived . sherwood and his staff left at the end of the season after levy opted for mauricio pochettino . sherwood was expected to follow ferdinand and ramsey to qpr when harry redknapp quit . but he had also struck up a relationship with villa director of recruitment paddy riley and that is the reason sherwood and ramsey face each other on tuesday night .