burnley manager sean dyche has dismissed speculation linking him with derby . recent reports claimed dyche has been lined up as a possible successor to steve mcclaren , who is the bookmakers ' favourite to take over at newcastle . dyche says he remains committed to the task in hand at turf moor , though . burnley manager sean dyche , aka the ginger mourinho , insists he is enjoying life at turf moor . the clarets earned a point in a goalless draw with tottenham but remain fixed in the relegation zone . ' i think it 's quite obvious , i am enjoying the challenge here . i am not looking further afield , ' the burnley boss said . ' i am enjoying the challenge here . ' dyche has retained the support of the burnley fans throughout the season even though the club are now second from bottom with just seven matches to go . dyche has been tipped to replace former england manager steve mcclaren ( right ) at derby . the same can not be said for the man who will be in the away dugout at turf moor this weekend , though . some arsenal fans called for arsene wenger 's head following a difficult start to the season . dyche remains a big fan of the gunners boss and can not comprehend why there were calls for the three-time premier league winner to be sacked . ' they 're a fine side , who keep progressing despite what people say , ' said dyche , who took burnley up last year after finishing second in the sky bet championship . the burnley boss can not believe that some gunners fans were calling for arsene wenger to be sacked . ' arsene seems to get questioned , i do n't know why , i think the job he 's done is terrific . ' of course , i 'm aware fans would like to have won more trophies in recent years but , as a young manager aspiring to progress in the game , i look at people like him thinking ' you have n't done badly if you have a career like his ' . ' dyche hopes matt taylor ( achilles ) , ross wallace ( knee ) and steven reid ( calf ) will be fit for the visit of the gunners , who have won their last seven games in all competitions . 