a university student from kosovo has become an internet celebrity thanks to his uncanny likeness to zayn malik . flamur ukshini , 23 , from the kosovan capital of pristina , is in his final year studying business informatics and also works as a part time model . but thanks to his eerie similarity to the one direction singer , he boasts almost 40,000 followers on his instagram page . scroll down for video . flamur ukshini , 23 , ( left ) from the kosovan capital of pristina has got almost 40,000 fans on instagram thanks to his likeness to zayn malik ( right ) . every picture that flamur posts on his instagram page is immediately fawned over by legions of directioners and most of his photos have been liked thousands of times . apart from his good looks , flamur is an average 20-something man , but thanks to his physical similarity to zayn , flamur is often stopped in the street and asked for photos by adoring teens . he told femail : ' in the beginning i did n't realise we looked the same , because i did n't know him . ' but when people on the street wanted to take pictures with me i was surprised , but then i started to realise that i look very much like somebody i do n't know and who has to be famous . ' every picture that flamur posts is immediately fawned over by legions of directioners . thousands of 1d fans ' like ' flamur 's photos and comments on his likeness to the singer . flamur added : ' it started to happen when they got famous and when i started to post pictures on instagram . ' since then , flamur has started modelling and in under a year he had built up a busy portfolio . but the main bulk of his attention still comes form the fans who follow his every move on social media . flamur is a university student but also works as a part time model . he said : ' they try to contact me daily . i get messages on instagram and on all of the social networks . ' first i was surprised , because so many people were interested in my looks - sometimes the messages make me smile , the messages from the female fans . ' they make jokes about it , but in a positive way . anyway i feel blessed to look like him . ' one female fan did text me , `` why travel to london to meet zayn , if we can hang out in our country with a same handsome looking guy '' . ' until recently , zayn malik was a member of the boyband one direction . flamur has an uncanny likeness to the boyband member .