this is the moment police in texas turn ranchers as they determinedly try to herd a stray buffalo . dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of round rock . as they beep their horns the animal , named big boy , continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road . despite the detour , the buffalo made it home safely free of injury . his owner , 79-year-old joe don kotrla-chipps , told fox news that big boy has got into bad habits recently and has taken to jumping over his fence . ' it 's been plenty adequate for 25 years with all my other buffalo , but this one is a jumper , ' the rancher said . apparently big boy made it past electric fence and a barbed wire barrier to escape his pen last friday morning around 7am . police say they gave his owner a citation for violating the ' open range act ' with inadequate fencing . on the run : this is the moment police in texas turn ranchers as they determinedly try and herd a buffalo . high-speed chase : dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of round rock . lights , camera , action : as they beep their horns the animal , named big boy , continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road . as a result , kotrla-chipps is reportedly getting a higher boundary installed . in the meantime big boy , aged five , has been relocated to another patch of land . it was a local resident who reported the animal 's break for freedom after spotting him on the highway . police said officers and an animal control unit responded to a ' loose livestock ' report and they were able to lure the bison to a secure area . athletic abilities : his owner , 79-year-old joe don kotrla-chipps , told fox news that big boy has got into bad habits recently and has taken to jumping over his fence . bid for freedom : apparently big boy made it past electric fence and a barbed wire fence to escape his pen last friday morning around 7am . fortunately no one was hurt during the incident . authorities later highlighted the dangers of the situation . ' these animals are large , quick , and could do harm if encountered in the wrong circumstances , ' they noted . along with buffalo , kotrla-chipps keeps a range of animals on his ranch including pigs , dogs and peacock . touching in the recent drama he concluded : ' [ big boy 's ] an exceptional buffalo . and that 's why i want to keep him you know . there 's something there that 's over and above all my other ones . '