a father-of-three and popular radio host in berkeley , california , was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of saturday morning . wesley burton , who worked at kpfa , was driving home from work when a white dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury . the crash occurred near the berkeley-oakland city line and police say the hit-and-run driver fled the on foot . wesley burton , a father-of-three and popular radio host at kpfa in berkeley , california , was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of saturday morning as he drove home from work . ' help us regain our peace ' : burton 's wife lucrecia has made an emotional plea for anyone with information about her husband 's killer to come forward . emergency personnel attempted life-saving measures , but burton was pronounced dead at the scene - just blocks from his home . the 36-year-old had worked at kpfa for 20 years , co-hosting the sideshow radio and after hours music shows as well as working as a sound engineer on countless other shows . his wife lucrecia has made a tearful plea for anyone with information to come forward and speak to the police . ' we lost our rock . he was our stability , our strength , ' she told ktvu . ' help us regain our peace . help us get our answers ... our questions answered . ' she also works at the radio station and met burton there 16 years ago . burton had three children - santiago , enrique , and samaya – aged between 4 and 9 . burton had three children - santiago , enrique , and samaya – aged between 4 and 9 and after growing up without a father his dream had been to raise his own kids . wesley burton , who worked at kpfa , was driving home from work when a white dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury . an emotional lucrecia explained burton did n't have a father growing up and his dream had been to raise his own children . ' making sure that they had a father and so he was very passionate about that , ' she said . a gofundme account has been set up to help burton 's wife pay funeral costs and other family expenses . it has so far raised over $ 25,000 . police are urging anyone with information to call the traffic investigation unit on ( 510 ) 777-8570 . oakland crime stoppers is offering a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to an arrest . 