a journalist for a russian tv station has been severely injured after stepping on a land mine in ukraine , following a night of heavy fighting between russian-backed rebels and government forces . andrei lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on recent fighting in shyrokyne , a village near mariupol in east ukraine , and suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds . mr lunev , reportedly from donetsk , ukraine , received first aid at the scene by medics and visibly shaken colleagues , before he was taken to hospital . scroll down for video . a osce medic provides first aid andrei lunev , a reporter for a russian television channel , after he stepped on a landmine trip wire in shirokine near mariupol while covering the conflict in east ukraine . mr lunev stepped on the landmine while inspecting the ruins of shyrokyne , which has seen heavy shelling and changed hands repeatedly throughout the conflict , with a small group of journalists . russian media reported that mr lunev was taken to hospital in novoazovsk near the russian border , where he later regained consciousness . the incident took place in the wake of several exchanges of fire overnight and in the early hours on the outskirts of the rebel stronghold of donetsk , despite an agreement reached by the ukrainian and russian foreign ministers a day earlier . the yearlong military conflict between russian-backed rebels and kiev government forces has claimed more than 6,000 lives and left large parts of ukraine 's once industrial heartland in ruins . casualty : mr lunev , reportedly from donetsk , ukraine , received first aid at the scene by medics and his visibly shaken colleagues , before he was taken to a hospital near the russian border . run for cover : a group of reporters take cover while medics provide first aid to mr luneov , a journalist working for the russian tv station zvezda . aid : mr lunev stepped on the landmine while inspecting the ruins of the village of shyrokyne , which has seen heavy shelling , with a small group of journalists . fighting in the east had largely subsided following a cease-fire deal signed in february but has rekindled in recent days . recovering : reporter mr lunev was taken to hospital where he later regained consciousness . heavy shelling was heard in donetsk , eastern ukraine , late monday evening and in the early hours on tuesday . ukrainian military spokesman andriy lysenko told a televised briefing that six troops were killed and 12 wounded in a 24-hour period , while rebels reported one fighter dead and five wounded in the overnight clashes . the death toll is the highest since the february cease-fire was signed . lysenko also reported civilian casualties , including two teenagers who were wounded in shelling in the horlivka area , north of donetsk . russia and ukraine agreed in berlin on monday to call for the pullback of smaller-caliber weapons from the front lines of the conflict that has claimed more than 6,000 lives . on the ground , however , even the previous agreement that called for a cease-fire and a withdrawal of large-caliber weaponry appeared to be shaky . the u.s. state department supports the steps taken in berlin , spokeswoman marie harf said tuesday , but she also voiced concern about the ongoing fighting . ' the russian-backed separatists continue to take aggressive action in ukraine , ' she said . ' and the russian-backed separatists continue to stall minsk implementation .