millions of devout christians around the world have been commemorating the final days of jesus christ by taking part in awe-inspiring and shocking holy week celebrations . the festival , which marks the trial , crucifixion and resurrection of jesus culminating in easter sunday , has been met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents . in a diverse display of traditions , thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation in demonstrations of commitment to their faith . in northern philippines , bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips in a divisive tradition thought to stem from 13th century roman catholics . impressive effigies to jesus christ were erected in the philippines , belarus and in venezuela - where crowds of penitents , some wearing crowns of thorns , gathered for mass at the santa teresa 's basilica in the capital city caracas . in spain , the week of celebration has seen thousands of haunting , hooded figures take part in entrancing marches through the streets of seville in andalucia and zamora , in the north-west of the country . in zamora , in the region of castile and leon , penitents from 16 christian brotherhoods were pictured during an enthralling nighttime procession through the town 's streets . fraternities , wearing robes and conical hoods to maintain anonymity , were also seen beating drums in a spellbinding ceremony in santander . alarming display : a man uses a stick to whip a penitent in front of a chapel during a ritual in angeles city , northern philippines today . reenactment : acting the part of jesus in the final march of his life , a man carries a cross through manila in the philippines today . penance : among a crowd attending a mass at the santa teresa 's basilica in caracas , venezuela yesterday , a devotee dons a crown of thorns . dramatic : a procession of haunting figures wearing cloaks and conical hats beat drums while marching through santander in spain this week . beaten bloody : a flagellant prays by the san fernando cathedral in the town of san fernando , pampanga in the philippines yesterday . religious self-harm : a flagellant covered in blood kneels in front of the san fernando cathedral in the philippines yesterday . red flares burn while penitents of the cristo de viga brotherhood carrying a float with a cross in jerez de la frontera , spain this week . penitents from ' las siete palabras ( seven words ) ' brotherhood wait for their turn to leave a church in zamora , spain yesterday . shocking display : filipino flagellants whip their back along a street in mabalacat city , pampanga province , in the philippines today . tradition : flagellation is a form of religious discipline observed every lenten season by catholic devotees in the philippines . divisive : the catholic church has previously expressed disapproval of the gory ritual which takes place in the philippines every year . contemplation : a group of penitents gather in front of a portrait of jesus christ prior to flagellating themselves in manila today . painful : a man with a hooded face swings a rope attached to chains while flagellating himself in a show of religious commitment in manila . central america : children carry a platform holding a small statue of jesus during a holy week procession in antigua , guatemala yesterday . performance : students perform the stations of the cross procession as part of the holy week celebrations in luque , paraguay yesterday . global event : an actor wearing a crown of thorns portrays jesus during a performance in luque , paraguay yesterday . leading commemorations : pope francis blesses the holy chrism during the chrism mass at st. peter 's basilica at the vatican today . the argentine pontiff was pictured during the traditional chrism mass in st. peter 's basilica in the vatican this morning . dedication : filipino nuns carry wooden crosses as they make the stations of the cross at the philippine center of saint pio of pietrelcina . mesmerising : hundreds of hooded penitents march during the holy week procession in santander , spain , pictured on tuesday . holy week : the ceremonial displays in santander have also been seen across spain with notable marches in sevilla and zamora . penitents take part in a ceremonial holy week display inside a chapel in arcos de la frontera , spain on tuesday . gathering : catholic faithful attend a mass held at st. teresa church during holy week celebrations in caracas , venezuela yesterday . tribute : an effigy of jesus on the cross is held up during the cristo de la fe parade during a holy week procession in alicante , spain . members of the catholic clergy at the washing of the feet ceremony at the church of the holy sepulchre in jerusalem today . passion of christ : belarussian catholics re-enact some of the final moments of jesus christ near a catholic church in minsk yesterday . actors yell during a ' via crucis ' in a free interpretation performance of the catholic tradition at the carlos antonio lopez park in paraguay . a number of male and female actors were pictured during the spectacular display in carlos antonio lopez park in asuncion , paraguay . penitents of the via crucis brotherhood carry a sculpture of jesus christ during the holy monday procession in cordoba , andalucia . focused : filipino flagellants carry a wooden cross on their back along a street in pampanga province , north of manila today . a penitent dressed as a roman soldier takes part in celebrations in arcos de la frontera , spain on tuesday . penitents take part in the ' procesion del silencio' in zamora , spain yesterday were thousands gathered to witness a nighttime procession . penitents from ' cristo de la buena muerte ' or ' good dead christ ' brotherhood take part in a procession in zamora on tuesday night . a baby sucks a dummy while dressed in a ceremonial holy week cloak in in zamora , spain earlier this week . members of a religious fraternity don cloaks and conical hats while marching through zamora in northwest spain on tuesday night . latin patriarch of jerusalem fouad twal washes the foot of a priest during the catholic washing of the feet ceremony . a figure of jesus is carried through the streets of zamora in northwest spain by penitents from cristo de la buena muerte brotherhood . while the marches may appear sinister , they are a stunning celebration of emotion as brothers make their way to cathedrals in zamora . each confradia ( or religious brotherhood ) is represented by different coloured robes and masks , designed to protect anonymity . visitors and locals watch from balconies as the procession weaves its way through the cobblestone streets in zamora .  