the elderly husband of one of two women stabbed to death in a victorian hair salon nearly 24 years ago , is in custody after facing court charged with their murders . robert penny , 83 , of malvern east , briefly appeared at melbourne magistrates court on monday . he is charged with murdering claire acocks and his wife margaret penny at old london coiffure hairdressers in portland on may 3 , 1991 , about 350km west of melbourne . margaret penny was murdered in a hair salon in portland , victoria on may 3 , 1991 . also brutally murdered at old london coiffure hairdressers was claire acocks . nearly 24 years after the horrific event margaret 's husband robert denny , 83 , has been charged with two counts of murder . the women were found badly beaten , repeatedly stabbed , with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps , the herald sun reported . unsteady on his feet in the dock , penny was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes . his current wife was in court today , and the accused was seen waving at the woman - who reportedly has concerns about her elderly husband 's health . penny was not required to speak during the hearing on monday that lasted less than five minutes . homicide police investigator tom hogan - the police informant in the murder hearing - leaving the melbourne magistrates court on monday . lawyer rob starry , who is representing robert penny , outside court on monday . police launched a cold case investigation into the murders in 2006 , and penny resurfaced as a suspect last year , despite being cleared of any involvement during the original investigation . he was remanded in custody to appear in the melbourne magistrates court for a committal mention on july 6 . in the meantime , he is expected to apply for bail in the supreme court on monday afternoon . penny was remanded in custody to appear in the melbourne magistrates court for a committal mention on july 6 , and is expected to apply for bail on monday afternoon . tim acock , son of murder victim claire acocks , was also in attendance . mr acocks ( right ) was a young constable at the time of his mother 's murder and one of the first at the scene . members of ms acocks ' family , including her son tim - who was a young constable at the time and one of the first at the murder scene - were at the hearing . ' we are grateful for the determination of the homicide squad detectives who have continued to investigate this matter to endeavour to gain a resolution for us and justice for claire , ' they later said in a statement . the family said they were ' extremely encouraged ' by the developments but would not comment further while the matter is before the courts .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .