four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station and packing $ 38,000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover . however they struggled to fit their large loot into the boot and lost about a third of it as they dragged the stash alongside the car during their getaway . the group of men , all wearing hooded jumpers , gloves and masking their faces , broke into the service station on burwood highway , tecoma in melbourne 's outer east on april 2 . scroll down for video . four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station in tecomba , melbourne . they are all wanted by victoria police for a series of break-ins on at least five different establishments in the area . police revealed that the first man had a solid build and was wearing a white hooded jumper with a dark hood over the top , red pants and runners . the second had a thin build and was wearing a dark blue hooded jumper white a white logo on the front , dark shorts and runners . the third man had a thin build and was wearing a red hooded jumper , dark track pants with a white stripe and runners . the men filled a doona cover with $ 38,000 worth of cigarettes . however they failed to get the large loot in the boot . they are clearly seen in the footage holding crowbars and forcing their way into the premises . not long after the break-in , three men appear with an overflowing doona cover filled to the brim with cigarettes . the driver gets out of the car and tries to help the men fit the massive loot in the boot . they decided to drag it alongside the car instead and lost about a third of their stash . when they realised it was too big for the boot , the men had to think of other ways to get away with their loot . when they realises that it is far too big , they all hop into the car , with the thief sitting in the passenger seat deciding to keep his car door ajar and drag the sack along next to it as they drive away . according to victoria police , the men lost about a third of their loot during the getaway . the men are also wanted for a burglary at a shopping centre on mt dandenong road , kilsyth on march 18 . the thief in the passenger seat kept his door open during the getaway . the doona was dragged alongside the car and the men lost a third of their loot . the men are wanted for five similar break-ins in the area . four men broke into the centre and targeted a speciality store about 1.30am , filling another doona cover with cigarettes before leaving . investigators believe the same men returned to the same store on 31 march , but could n't gain access . police believe the same men targeted three service stations 8 april including one on warburton highway , lilydale , a station on bell street st , yarra glen and another on ryans road , eltham north .