as someone who suffers from computer eye strain , i was alarmed to discover that prolonged exposure to gadgets such as iphones and ipads can cause irreversible damage to the eyes . a spanish expert , dr celia sanchez-ramos , has found the led screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness . research has already shown that the intense levels of ' blue light ' emitted from modern gadgets can cause a variety of health complaints , ranging from sleeping and eating problems to headaches and even cancer . scroll down for video . led screens found in most electronic devices such as iphones and tablets can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness , a doctor has warned . now , dr sanchez-ramos has discovered that it can also permanently damage the retina . in extreme cases , she says , it may even lead to macular degeneration , which causes dark patches to appear in the centre of the field of vision . according to dr sanchez-ramos , modern led screens , produced from about 2007 onwards , emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology . this matches my own experience , in which pre-2007 screens tend not to cause discomfort . the average adult now spends up to eight-and-a-half hours in front of a screen every day , and it is not uncommon to be exposed to multiple screens at once . for these reasons , says dr sanchez-ramos , who is based at complutense university in madrid , the majority of people are likely to be in the danger zone . children and the elderly are most at risk on account of their delicate eyes , as well as ' digital workers ' and those - like me - who are especially sensitive to blue light . dr sanchez-ramos ( pictured ) said : ' never before in human history have we exposed our eyes to light that is so intense , for such long periods , from such an early age ' . ' never before in human history have we exposed our eyes to light that is so intense , for such long periods , from such an early age , ' she says . ' people who suffer from eye strain are like the canaries in the mineshaft , as they are aware of the damage being done . but it can affect anybody . ' the damage , she explains , starts when the photoreceptors - types of neurone found in the retina that convert light into information - begin to die out due to the prolonged saturation of blue light . this puts strain on other parts of the eye , leading to increasing levels of inflammation , discomfort and pain . eventually , the concentration of blue light in the centre of the retina , an area known as the macula , may cause it to be permanently damaged , leading to visual disorders . however the problem can be remedied by using special screen filters or glasses designed to block blue light , which are available through opticians . daniel hardiman-mccartney , clinical adviser at the college of optometrists , says : ' it has been proven that intense exposure to blue light kills cells in the retina , and it is a perfectly reasonable possibility that it can cause macular degeneration over a period of time . ' more research is needed to prove it to the scientific standard . we need to conduct studies on a large number of people over a long period of time . ' but the proposal is of great interest . ' dr sanchez-ramos carried out experiments at the university of madrid in which human retinal cells , taken from volunteers , were exposed to cycles of led light of different intensities . she found that exposure to intense blue light caused apoptosis , or cell death . however this was reduced by 83 per cent when a special protective filter was placed between the cells and the light . based on this research , she designed a screen filter called ' reticare ' , which converts harmful blue light to a gentler frequency more akin to sunshine . dr sanchez-ramos found that exposure to intense blue light caused cell death in the eye . however this was reduced by 83 per cent when a special protective filter was placed between the cells and the light . her findings prompted her to design a screen filter called ' reticare ' , which converts harmful blue light to a gentler frequency more akin to sunshine . other treatments are also available . in 2013 , barnard levit optometrists in london , who are specialists in the field , tested my eyes using a machine called a colorimeter . following this , they designed a pair of glasses with a blue tint , which blocked the most harmful part of the colour spectrum . the harmful effects of exposure to gadgets is linked to the high levels of ' blue light ' , also known as ' short wavelength light ' , that is emitted by modern screens . according to researchers at harvard medical school , ' not all colours of light have the same effect ' . in particular , blue wavelengths , which are emitted by most electronic devices produced from 2007 onwards , have been shown to have ' adverse health effects ' . modern led screens emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology . researchers have found that using an electronic gadget with a backlit display for just two hours can affect the production of melatonin - the chemical that controls our body clock - and cause sleep problems , particularly in teenagers . a study at chicago 's northwestern university revealed that prolonged exposure to blue light stimulated the sensation of hunger , even directly after meals , making it a contributor to weight gain and obesity . and experts at the university of connecticut found a link between cancer and the use of gadgets that emit blue light in the evenings and by night . in addition , dr sanchez-ramos has found that exposure to blue light can damage the retina causing macular degeration , or partial blindness . children and young adults are at greater risk , as they lack the natural protection against blue light that the human eye naturally acquires . the effects can be reduced by the use of protective filters or spectacles . prior to this , i had been unable to use iphones , ipads and other gadgets with led screens without shooting pain in my eyes , dizziness and nausea . this condition is known as meares-irlen syndrome or ' visual stress ' . it is thought to be caused by hypersensitivity to particular frequencies of light , whether blue , red or green . in response , the visual cortex - the part of the brain responsible for processing visual information - generates too much electrical activity . this spills over into different areas of the brain , causing a variety of symptoms . about 10 per cent of people with dyslexia are thought to have visual stress . it can also be found in those with autism , adhd , migraine , photo-sensitive epilepsy and multiple sclerosis , as well as stroke victims . unusually for a sufferer of the condition , i have none of the related conditions listed above . when i used the blue glasses , however , i found that my eye pain , dizziness and nausea all but disappeared when using led screens . i later discovered the glasses did not work with every type of screen , possibly because some emit different frequencies of harmful light . when i road-tested one of dr sanchez-ramos ' filters , i found my symptoms were reduced significantly on all devices , though the blue spectacles were more effective with certain screens . dr sanchez-ramos says the use of led screens has become so ubiquitous in such a short period of time that in 20 years ' time , severe eye problems could become widespread . she and her colleagues are lobbying apple , samsung and other technology manufacturers to make their screens friendlier to the eye , meaning that no protective filters would be needed . this , she says , is an uphill struggle because super-bright screens make more of an impact on the customer , which encourages sales . she has also been putting pressure on various european governments , on both a national and regional level . as a result , a number of spanish local authorities have ruled that all schools under their jurisdiction must use protective screen filters . reticare filters are now available online and cost between €12.95 and €49 , depending on the size of the screen .