this is remarkable moment a teenage boy was found alive in a collapsed building five days after the nepal earthquake struck . crowds cheered as pema lama , 15 , was pulled , dazed and dusty , from the rubble of a guesthouse in kathmandu after he became ' pancaked ' between two floors when the quake hit on saturday . he was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an iv drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck . he appeared stunned and his eyes blinked in the sunlight . his astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother after being rescued from the rubble of their house . scroll down for videos . miracle survival : pema lama , 15 , is rescued from the collapsed hilton hotel in kathmandu five days after becoming trapped in the rubble during the devastating earthquake that struck the country on saturday . emergency medical attention : the boy was carried out in a stretcher . his face was covered in dust and medics had put an iv drop into his arm and a brace around his neck . an american disaster response team had been working for several hours to try to free the trapped boy . the rescue was a rare bit of good news in a city that has known little but despair since the earthquake hit on saturday , leaving more than 5,500 people dead across the poverty-stricken himalayan nation . an american disaster response team had been working for several hours to try to the 15-year-old boy from the seven-storey hilton guesthouse . speaking shortly before he was rescued , andrew olvera , who was heading the team from the u.s. agency for international development , said : ' he 's not too far down . ' but the floors have collapsed and he 'd pancaked between them . ' twisted ropes of steel rebar were all that were holding huge concrete slabs from falling onto the scene . two concrete floors were hanging down in front like curtains . ' the whole operation is dangerous , ' he said . ' but its risk versus gain . to save a human life , we 'll risk almost anything . ' the boy had been ' pancaked ' between two floors , according to andrew olvera , who is heading the team from the u.s. agency for international development who freed him . twisted ropes of steel rebar were all that were holding huge concrete slabs from falling onto the teenager . heroic effort : members of the nepalese armed police force carry their officer as they cheer after successfully rescuing earthquake survivor pema lama , 15 , from the collapsed hilton hotel in kathmandu . meanwhile , the mother of a baby rescued after being trapped in rubble has told over her ' overwhelming ' joy at being reunited with her child . five-month-old sonit awal was pulled from the ruins of his family home after his heart-broken mother was forced to listen to his cries for 22 anguished hours . today mother rasmila awal thanked ' god and the rescuers ' for saving the infant from death . mrs awal , 35 , tells mailonline : ' i am so happy to have my baby back . i 'm so happy that he is alive . ' sonish was asleep in his cot upstairs when the walls of his home came crashing down around him . his parents and older sister , aged 10 , were outside when the tremor struck and desperately tried to reach him . joy : five-month-old sonit awal was pulled from the ruins of his family home after his heart-broken mother was forced to listen to his cries for 22 anguished hours . relief : sister soniya awal , 10 , father shyam awal , 34 , mother rasmila awal , 35 , with baby sonit awal in front of their devastated house . father shyam awal worked tirelessly with friends and neighbours to try to free the boy , digging with their bare hands through the rubble . but without the proper equipment it was impossible . the frantic mother could not sleep or eat throughout the 22-hour separation from her young son . she said : ' i could think of nothing else but trying to save my baby . i was very sad . i did not eat . i did not sleep . i could hear him crying from the ruins of our home . ' however , following appeals for help , overstretched nepalese troops arrived to finally embark on a coordinated rescue mission . mr awal , 34 , a truck driver told mailonline : ' the baby was saved by a cupboard . he had been lying in his bit by the side of the bed . ' when the walls fell down they knocked a cupboard over and it became wedged by the side of the bed . my son was safe with the cupboard protecting him . ' now the family are homeless and living in the street under a tarpaulin opposite their house . the once smart four-storey structure lies in ruins across the road . rescued : this is the incredible moment that a four-month-old earthquake survivor was pulled alive from the rubble of his collapsed home following the 7.8-magnitude tremor which shattered nepal . saved : the baby boy , who emerged from the wreckage covered in dust , was miraculously found amid the devastation by rescue workers who heard the infant 's faint cries . second chance : the military search team had already scoured the area near to the child 's home in bhaktapur , kathmandu , in the hope of finding the little boy . but they had moved on after believing he had not survived . team work : the military team then found the young boy when they returned to the area for the second time . the gap showing the hole where the baby was buried alive for nearly one whole day after his home collapsed . another survivor who was trapped under rubble next to dead bodies for 82 hours has had one of his legs amputated , it was revealed today . rishi khanal , 27 , had just finished lunch at a hotel in kathmandu when the 7.8-magnitude quake caused the building to crumble around him . he became trapped with his foot crushed under rubble and stayed alive by drinking his own urine . doctors said they were forced to amputate a leg because of damage from prolonged internal bleeding . their survival stories are a rare bit of good news in a city that has known little but despair since the earthquake hit , leaving more than 5,500 people dead across the himalayan nation . today , rescuers toiled in pouring rain among the debris , but officials said the chance of finding any more survivors was bleak as the death toll neared 5,500 . ' i was certain i was going to die ' : rishi khanal is carried out of a collapsed hotel in kathmandu on a stretcher after being trapped under rubble for 82 hours following the earthquake that struck nepal four days ago . relief : mr khanal said he was surrounded by dead bodies . but he kept banging on the rubble all around him and eventually this brought a french rescue team that extracted him after an operation lasting many hours . while rescue teams were out in the capital kathmandu despite the rain , helicopters could not fly to the worst-hit areas in the countryside of the impoverished himalayan nation . ' there may not be any more survivors , ' said rameshwor dandal , chief of the disaster management centre at nepal 's home ministry . ' the rain is adding to the problems . nature seems to be against us . ' anger over the slow pace of the rescue flared yesterday with protests outside parliament . villagers blocked trucks carrying supplies , demanding the government do more to hasten the distribution of aid that has flooded into the country but has been slow to reach those in need . an official from nepal 's home ministry said the number of confirmed deaths from saturday 's 7.8 magnitude earthquake had risen to 5,489 by thursday morning . almost 11,000 were injured , and more than 80 were also killed in neighbouring india and tibet . many people have been sleeping in the open after the quake - the united nations has said 600,000 houses were destroyed or damaged . workers excavate bodies as they take part in a rescue operation at kolache-2 in bhaktapur near kathmandu . countries and organisations around the world have rushed to help nepal , where the massive 7.8 magnitude quake has killed around 5,000 people . a nepalese woman holds her baby in front of the wreckage of a house destroyed by the quake in gorkha . lives ruined : people sort through the rubble of buildings which collapsed in sathighar , north of kathmandu . it has said eight million people have been affected , with at least two million in need of tents , water , food and medicines over the next three months . dandal said foreign rescue teams had told him that their work is almost done because there is little chance of finding any survivors . nepal is appealing to foreign governments for more helicopters . there are currently about 20 nepali army , private and indian army helicopters involved in rescue operations , according to laxmi prasad dhakal , a home ministry official . china is expected to send helicopters today , he said . prime minister sushil koirala has told reuters the death toll could reach 10,000 , with information on casualties and damage from far-flung villages and towns yet to come in . nepalese soldiers use lime powder as a prevention measure against disease at a tent site in kathmandu . people walk past a collapsed building in the unesco world heritage site of bhaktapur outside kathmandu . that would surpass the 8,500 who died in a 1934 earthquake , the last disaster on this scale to hit the nation of 28 million people sandwiched between india and china . in kathmandu and other cities , hospitals quickly overflowed with injured soon after the quake , with many being treated out in the open or not at all . guna raj , who works for a kathmandu-based ngo specialising in providing sanitation , said there have been outbreaks of diarrhoea in relief camps because of a shortage of toilets and clean water . ' in the next few days or weeks i am sure there will be an outbreak of epidemics , ' said raj , who is involved in the relief effort . tensions between foreigners and nepalis desperate for relief surfaced , rescuers said , as fresh avalanches were reported in several areas . members of israeli search-and-rescue group magnus said hundreds of tourists , including about 100 israelis , were airlifted out of langtang in rasuwa district , a popular trekking area north of kathmandu hit by an avalanche on tuesday . but at least two foreigners , whose nationalities were as yet unknown , were found dead , the home ministry said . fights had broken out there because of food shortages , magnus team member amit rubin said . one of the trekkers said there had also been scuffles over places on the rescue helicopters . the quake also triggered an avalanche on mount everest that killed at least 18 climbers and guides , including four foreigners , the worst disaster on the world 's highest peak .