robert downey jr has been accused of making a racist remark about an oscar-winning mexican director during an interview . the actor , who is promoting his new film avengers : age of ultron , was asked what he thought of alejandro gonzalez inarritu 's claim that superhero movies were ' cultural genocide ' . the hollywood star told the guardian : ' look i respect the heck out of him . i think for a man whose native tongue is spanish to be able to put together a phrase like ' cultural genocide ' just speaks to how bright he is . ' the controversial comments sparked a furious backlash on twitter , with some calling it ' racist ' and ' ignorant ' . it comes just three days after the 50-year-old , who plays iron man in the film , walked out of an interview with britain 's channel 4 after interviewer krishnan guru-murthy talked about his history of drug abuse and his time in prison . scroll down for down . robert downey jr ( left ) has been accused of making a racist remark about oscar-winning mexican director alejandro gonzalez inarritu during an interview . the avengers star said : ' i think for a man whose native tongue is spanish to be able to put together a phrase like ' cultural genocide ' just speaks to how bright he is ' . mr inarritu , who took home the academy award for best director for birdman at this year 's ceremony , slammed action films in an interview with deadline in 2014 . he said : ' i sometimes enjoy them because they are basic and simple and go well with popcorn . the problem is that sometimes they purport to be profound , based on some greek mythological kind of thing . and they are honestly very right wing . ' i always see them as killing people because they do not believe in what you believe , or they are not being who you want them to be . ' i hate that , and do n't respond to those characters . they have been poison , this cultural genocide , because the audience is so overexposed to plot and explosions and shit that does n't mean nothing about the experience of being human . he added : 'superheroes…just the word hero bothers me . what the f*** does that mean ? ' it 's a false , misleading conception , the superhero . then , the way they apply violence to it , it 's absolutely right wing . ' if you observe the mentality of most of those films , it 's really about people who are rich , who have power , who will do the good , who will kill the bad . philosophically , i just do n't like them . ' the comments came just three days after the 50-year-old , who plays iron man in the film , walked out of an interview with britain 's channel 4 after the interviewer talked about his history of drug abuse . the avengers : age of ultron press tour has been mired in controversy . jeremy renner and chris evans were forced to apologize on thursday for calling co-star scarlett johansson 's character in the blockbuster movie a ' slut , ' saying it was just a tasteless joke . renner , who reprises his role as hawkeye in the sequel ' avengers : age of ultron , ' made the offending comments in a tv interview alongside fellow superhero star evans , who plays captain america . an interviewer asked them what they thought about johansson 's character , black widow , opting not to get together romantically with either of them . ' she 's a slut ! ' renner told the digital spy interviewer , triggering huge guffaws from evans , who added : ' i was going to say something along that line ... a complete whore . ' social media , perhaps inevitably , went ballistic , and on thursday renner 's publicist issued an apology on his behalf , saying the actor was simply exhausted from the slog of promoting the new movie . ' i am sorry that this tasteless joke about a fictional character offended anyone . it was not meant to be serious in any way . just poking fun during an exhausting and tedious press tour , ' he said . evans ' representatives did not immediately respond to a request for comment , but in a statement to entertainment weekly he said : ' we answered in a very juvenile and offensive way that rightfully angered some fans . ' i regret it and sincerely apologize . ' the comments sparked a furious backlash on twitter , with some calling it racist and ignorant . during a recorded interview which aired in the uk on wednesday , downey jr looked visibly uncomfortable when he was asked personal questions . the news anchor asked downey jr to explain a comment in a five year-old interview with the new york times , in which he said : ' you ca n't go from a $ 2,000-a-night suite at la mirage to a penitentiary and really understand it and come out a liberal . ' responding , downey jr , 50 , said : ' i could pick that apart for two hours and be no closer to the truth than giving you some half-arsed answer right now . i could n't even tell you what a liberal is . ' but , when asked about his relationship with his father , downey jnr gets up and says : ' i 'm sorry , i really do n't ... what are we doing ? ' before walking out of the interview . seemingly amused with the reaction , guru-murthy can be seen smiling and gesticulating as a production team-member tried to remove robert 's clip-on microphone . at that point he turns and says : ' it 's all getting a bit diane sawyer [ a u.s. journalist known for her investigative interviewing ] . ' the original 2012 the avengers became the third-highest grossing movie in cinema history , taking more than $ 1.5 billion at the box office , only beaten by avatar ( 2009 ) and titanic ( 1997 ) . the newest version is set for release in the united states on may 1 .  