labour 's plans to change rules allowing wealthy foreigners to lower their tax bills is causing london property deals to fall through and homeowners to sell up , estate agents have claimed . ed miliband initially suggested he would ' abolish ' the non-domicile status on wednesday should his party take power in the general election on may 7 , but it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years . although labour aides suggested this would raise as much as £1billion , it seems the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital 's property market . scroll down for video . rule change : ed miliband joined crowds in warwick , where he announced his non-dom plans on wednesday . non-domicile status allows people living and working in britain to only pay tax on their uk income , but not earnings from overseas . ed mead , executive director of london-based estate agents douglas & gordon , said there has been a huge increase in valuations because of wednesday 's announcement - 37 in a month compared to the usual figure of about six . speaking to mailonline , he said : ' these are people who are saying `` we have finally had enough and we are going to value with a view to selling up and leaving '' . ' these people spend a lot of money in the economy . i do very much fear for the top end of the market . ' it 's claimed the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital 's property market . mr mead , who has been working in the london property market for 35 years , explained it 's not just the top end that will be affected . he added : ' the london market is unique - it 's pulled from the top up . ' if you cut strings that 's holding the market up , everything else falls down . ' charles mcdowell , an independent agent hired by rich families in the capital , told the financial times that two deals he was involved in had fallen through this week because of ed miliband 's non-doms plan , while two families asked him to sell their homes . he told the paper : ' my clients feel under attack , they are not going to invest in london any more . ' non-doms must prove that they regard a foreign country as their real home , but mr miliband argues that the tests ' are not very rigorous ' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad . newspaper reports suggested that non-dom rules would be scrapped by labour altogether . but it emerged labour would allow ' real temporary residents ' to take advantage of the rules - with the time limit to be consulted on . luxury property : ed mead , executive director of london-based estate agents douglas & gordon , said there has been a huge increase in valuations because of wednesday 's announcement . one hyde park : mr mead says he fears for the top end of the market but ' if you cut strings that 's holding the market up , everything else falls down ' . in his speech , mr miliband said that everyone who has made britain their permanent home should pay full uk tax on all their income and gains . ' it is not fair . it is not just . it holds britain back . we will stop it . the next labour government will abolish the non-dom rule , ' he said . the tories pointed out that a five-year grace period would exempt up to six in every ten non-doms from the crackdown anyway , because many do not stay longer than five years . tax advisers say driving non-doms away would in fact cost the treasury significant sums . with non-doms paying around £8billion in tax and national insurance a year , it is claimed that labour 's proposal could in fact create a huge hole in treasury coffers . within hours of announcing the policy , shadow chancellor ed balls was forced to admit he did not actually know how much extra cash the measure would raise . in a further embarrassment , it later emerged that just three months ago he himself had said such a move would be counter-productive – saying it would result in the country losing money . in a video that emerged yesterday , mr balls can be seen telling a local bbc radio station that abolishing the status altogether ' will probably end up costing britain money because some people will leave the country ' .