watford dramatically clinched promotion to the premier league on saturday on a typically manic afternoon in the championship - and insist they 're well-equipped to stay in the top flight . slavisa jokanovic 's men beat brighton 2-0 at the amex stadium in the early kick-off and were hoping that middlesbrough lost plus norwich failing to win . both those results came in during a sensational final five minutes , with fulham beating aitor karanka 's boro 4-3 in stoppage time after rotherham had equalised against norwich moments before . watford have secured promotion back to the premier league after their 2-0 win away at brighton . as results from the other games come through , players celebrate wildly on the team-bus . players can be seen screaming , shouting and singing as middlesbrough and norwich both dropped points . watford will now return to the premier league for the first time since the 2006-07 campaign . defender tommie hoban has called the club 's promotion an ' unbelievable achievement ' . watford had won at brighton and were travelling back home on the team coach when news filtered through on that they had won promotion three hours afterwards . players and staff erupted on the bus when ross mccormack scored a 94th-minute winner for fulham at craven cottage . the squad uploaded numerous videos on the internet in the immediate aftermath , with tommie hoban labelling it an ' unbelievable achievement ' . ' for middlesbrough to lose like this - it 's a magical division . there is no other league like it , ' hoban said . ' luckily we 'd just got into the training ground as rotherham scored . it is the best day ever , it has n't sunk in yet . ' i think we can definitely stay up - we have a stronger squad than a few of those teams in the premier league and will add in the summer . ' watford forward troy deeney celebrates after scoring the opening goal against brighton on saturday . twenty-goal striker odion ighalo added : ' it is dream to play in the premier league . ' it was very tense because we were waiting and listening . we 're in good spirits now . this is what i came to england for , to play in the premier league . ' we can stay in the premier league . we are very calm . it 's not going to be easy but the way we are playing now ... i think we can stay there . ' it ends watford 's eight-year absence from the top flight after suffering relegation back in 2007 . the squad were out partying in the town last night . troy deeney opened the scoring at brighton before a stoppage-time matej vydra goal sealed the points . middlesbrough 's capitulation at craven cottage also means bournemouth will effectively earn promotion should they beat bolton tomorrow by virtue of superior goal difference . the watford players celebrate at full-time as they secure a return to english football 's top-flight . 