once famed for his mop of blacker than black hair , disgraced democrat rod blagojevich , 58 , has really let his haircare regime go while he serves his prison time . the former illinois governor has return to his roots while inside and has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color rather than the boot polish black that was his trademark as a politician . blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell barack obama 's u.s. senate seat when he was elected president in 2008 . fade to gray : once famed for his mop of blacker than black hair , disgraced democrat rod blagojevich , 58 , has really let his haircare regime go while he serves his prison time . back in his days as governor of illinois , blagojevich was famed for his boot polish black hair . he was impeached and removed from office by the state legislature in early 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges . blagojevich is currently serving a 14-year sentence at the federal correctional institution englewood near denver . the photos , the first of blagojevich in prison , were first published by the national enquirer . the photos show the former governor sitting at a desk , reading a book and wearing glasses and sitting outside in shorts and a wife beater shirt . while he continues to awaiting word on a last-ditch appeal , blagojevich has daily contact with his family and teaches the history of war battles to other inmates , his attorney said . last july lawyers attempted to argue that a high court ruling in mccutcheon v. the federal election commission in april 2014 bolstered their view that blagojevich was engaged in legal , run-of-the-mill political horse trading , not corruption . the mccutcheon ruling , they argued , found that soliciting contributions crosses the line into corruption only when a politician makes a clear , explicit promise to take official action in return for a donation . blagojevich is currently serving a 14-year sentence at the federal correctional institution englewood near denver after he was caught trying to sell barack obama 's u.s. senate seat when he was elected president . in that context , defense attorneys said the trial judge was wrong to set a lower standard for jurors by telling them , to convict , they only needed to find that blagojevich sought donations ' knowing or believing ' it would be given for some official act . but government attorneys responded saying that blagojevich 's legal team had n't correctly characterized the supreme court 's findings in mccutcheon . ' the decision provides no support for blagojevich 's argument on appeal , ' the two-page filing said . ' nothing in the ( mccutcheon ) decision suggests that an exchange of contributions for specific official acts is quid pro quo corruption only if the arrangement is stated ' explicitly ' or ' expressly . '' the chicago-based appellate court has been considering blagojevich 's appeal for more than a year months . it 's unclear when it might issue a decision . 