not one but two very familiar faces will be ranged against andy murray on the support benches as he revisits one of the most highly charged matches of his career . tomas berdych is his opponent in the semi-final of the miami open , the man murray met — and eventually beat — at the same stage of the australian open in january . it was a match that had everything , with even the saintly kim sears caught uttering profanities in the direction of the czech powerhouse . andy murray will have to cope with seeing two of his former team in the opposite corner in miami . fitness trainer jez green ( left ) and coach danny vallverdu left murray to join tomas berdych 's team . there is no love lost on the tour between the british no 1 and his czech opponent berdych ( right ) . much of the build-up to that fractious encounter centred on the fact it was a reunion between murray and his close friend and assistant coach dani vallverdu , who had switched jobs to work with world no 9 berdych . now there is the added presence of murray’s former fitness trainer jez green , with whom he spent so many painstaking hours becoming a super athlete , following vallverdu into the berdych camp while also working with the outstanding german teenager alex zverev . by the time they met in melbourne there had been endless references to people failing to pull in the same direction when on murray’s team . it is fairly clear that meant disagreements over training methods and other matters . murray 's fiance kim sears was caught shouting expletives towards berdych at the australian open . murray and berdych meet at the net after the brit 's semi-final victory in melbourne in january . murray , who after one break in melbourne pointedly celebrated straight at vallverdu , admits the australian match was difficult due to the intensity of the friendships . however , he insists that tension has now dissipated . ‘ we chat most days when we’re in the locker room and stuff , ’ said the scot . ‘ in melbourne it was a bit awkward but now i feel i’m past that . we’ve moved on . ’ he admits to not being close to berdych . and that has not changed . murray reached the last four in key biscayne after a three-set defeat of rising prospect dominic thiem .