a four-year-old boy has returned home after being mauled by their family 's newly adopted pit bull . gavin tobeck of lacey , washington suffered from a broken cheekbone , jaw and nose bridge , and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack by their dog smash on april 1 . the boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds . in an effort to save her son , 29-year-old alissa evans ' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on gavin . doctors thought that the young boy would not make it , but after spending six days at harborview medical center , he was released late on tuesday and has begun returning to a normal life , according to komo news . following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies , smash is scheduled to be euthanized by thurston county animal service on saturday at the tobecks ' request . scroll down for video . gavin tobeck ( pictured left with his mom alissa evans ) was left with a broken cheekbone , jaw and nose bridge , in addition to needing sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack . the family had adopted the pit bull smash from friend of their neighbor on march 16 and said there were no previous signs of aggression ( above smash and gavin ) . following the attack earlier this month , gavin told komo : ' he ate me . ' his mother said that they both were lucky . evans said : ' i got lucky , he got lucky . he still has his lips , he still has his eyes . he has five teeth . ' ' he is a walking miracle , ' she added . ' if it was one millimeter to the left he would have died instantly . ' the tobecks had adopted the one-and-a-half-year-old puppy on march 16 from a friend of their neighbor , according to the olympian . evans said there were no previous signs of aggression from smash . ' i hate to see him put down , but i would not trust that dog , ' said evans . ' i would n't trust him with an adult no matter what people say . ' gavin and smash were playing in the backyard when the dog attacked the child . his mother tried to stop the animal but he bit her and then pushed her to the ground before going for the boy , she said . gavin was hospitalized at harborview medical center in seattle for six days following the attack on april 1 and was released late on tuesday . following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies , smash is scheduled to be euthanized by thurston county animal service on saturday at the family 's request . once her friend was able to get the dog to stop , they called the police . ' it was the scariest thing i 've ever seen in my entire life , ' evans said . ' i literally thought that my son ... i was watching him die . ' since gavin 's release from hospital , he has been reunited at home with his sister serenity , six , and brother david , seven . his mother has also made a point to cover the mirrors in her apartment to keep gavin from seeing the injuries on his face . evans has also started a gofundme page to help raise money to replace his baby teeth , as she said his insurance will not cover all of the repairs because he can eat soft food . she wrote on the page that she wants nothing more than for gavin to grow up as normal as possible following the tragic experience . ' i appreciate all of the people who have help support gavin in his road to recovery , ' she wrote on the gofundme page . evans said her son is a ' walking miracle ' and that they are both lucky following the attack . ' i want everyone to know that everything that has been donated on this site is strictly for gavin . ' if the dental work is done at no cost then it will be put in a savings account to later be used on the permanent teeth or it will be kept there for when he turns 18 and he can do what he wants with it . ' i want to make it clear that this site was created for gavin and it will be used solely on him . ' i know a lot of people are concerned that this is a publicity stunt but it has never been about that and will never be about that . ' as of saturday , the gofundme page had raised $ 1,360 in donations out of a $ 10,000 goal . no charges will be filed against the previous owner of smash since evans said the dog showed no earlier signs of aggression , according to komo .