a female prison guard and the convict she helped escape have been caught after 19 days and 1,700 miles on the run . rachel chepulis , 26 , was arrested with wesley e. brown iii in north bend , oregon almost three weeks after she helped him break out of lake region correctional center , also known as devils lake , in north dakota . 35-year-old brown , who is married with children , was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm - and is thought to have seduced single chepulis while behind bars . fugitive couple : female prison guard rachel chepulis and felon wesley e. brown iii have been captured in oregon after she helped him escape from jail in north dakota 19 days ago . his escape from devils lake on march 13. , aided by chepulis , is the second time he has broken out of a secure unit . in june 2013 he escaped from heart of america correctional center , climbing over a fence at the prison 's recreation area . on that occasion brown was recaptured three hours later and transferred to devils lake prison , where he spent a considerable amount of time prior his second jail break in march . dan orr , chief deputy u.s. marshal for north dakota , told the daily news : ' it 's clear in the time he was there they developed a relationship . that he was allowed to escape was assisted by the fact there were mistakes made by the jail . caught : the pair managed to get 1,700 miles from the north dakota jail before being captured in oregon . ' he was classified at a lower level than he should have been considering he already escaped from another facility . and he had assistance from the female jailer . ' it was pretty clear the jail did n't realize what she had done . but once we began the investigation , we realized she had a direct involvement in the escape . ' the marshals service relies on local jails to hold federal prisoners awaiting sentencing in north dakota and during his time at devils lake , the convicted brown must have befriended the single chepulis , mr orr claimed . the fugitive couple was caught outside a bi-mart store in north bend yesterday with the help of oregon state police , who tracked down chepulis ' 2015 toyota rav4 with north dakota plates after a tip off from a nearby hotel . chepulis , arrested as she returned to the vehicle , was found to have brown's initials tattooed on her left ring finger . married felon : brown , who has a wife and childre , is thought to have befriended single rachel chepulis while locked up at lake region correctional center , also known as devils lake , in north dakota , above . brown is to face additional escape charges while chepulis will be hit with instigating or assisting an escape , concealing a person from arrest and conspiracy to commit escape . each charge carries a five-year prison sentence . the pair will be arraigned in oregon , likely thursday , and then held without bond as they face extradition to north dakota . mr orr said he was unable to offer more details of the jail break or the couple 's time on the run until the court affidavit is unsealed .