it 's the must-have wedding snap for newlyweds – the happy couple celebrating with their closest family and friends after they tie the knot . but not everyone was smiling after sir paul mccartney married heather mills . take a closer look at macca 's wedding party picture and you 'll spot his daughters stella and mary looking decidedly glum . scroll down for video . the pair – daughters of sir paul 's first wife linda , who died of cancer four years previously – were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father 's choice of partner . the remarkable picture is a portent of the bitterness that would follow the wedding in 2002 – as sir paul and ms mills separated in 2006 and went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008 . astonishingly , the image is the first to emerge of the former beatle and ms mills from their wedding reception . in another never-before-seen picture , sir paul acts out a mock striptease in front of his delighted bride during the reception , which was attended by 300 guests . sir paul , then 59 , and ms mills had ordered a media blackout of the event in ireland . these pictures belong to the family of sir paul 's late housekeeper rose martin , who was among those invited to the event at the 17th century castle leslie in county monaghan . the ceremony was shrouded in such secrecy that on the invitations guests were told only to arrive at a hotel at heathrow airport at an appointed time from where they would be flown to an unnamed destination . other guests included the only other surviving beatle , ringo starr , the band 's legendary producer sir george martin , pretenders singer chrissy hynde , and model twiggy . sir paul and ms mills are pictured ( left ) in 2003 at a screening for the film ' concert for george ' and ( right ) in hollywood in 2007 . the pair posed with photographer dennis stone ( left ) as they arrived back in london after a trip abroad . sir paul ( left ) and ms mills ( right ) went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008 and are pictured leaving the high court after one of their hearings . mary ( left ) and stella ( right ) mccartney join sir paul at the launch of meet free monday seven years after his 2002 wedding . the couple turned down a £1.5 million offer from hello ! magazine for exclusive photos of the event . one official portrait – of the couple outside the church – was published , for charity . these photos and other memorabilia , including the invitation – featuring sir paul giving ms mills a piggy-back – are being sold at omega auctions in stockport , cheshire , next month . mrs martin 's family decided to sell them after her death aged 92 in 2013 . auctioneer paul fairweather said : ' they decided the best thing was to pass them on to fans . '