the relationship between the fa and premier league — never great at the best of times — has deteriorated further with the ridiculous clash of fixtures on saturday . both organisations blame each other for their respective rights holders , sky and the bbc , scheduling the marquee chelsea vs manchester united league match against the fa cup semi-final between reading and arsenal . the cup game attracted a peak audience of 6.9 million , over treble the 2m rating for the pl game on sky . but both viewing figures would have been higher had they not coincided . arsenal 's fa cup semi-final victory over reading on saturday clashed with a top premier league fixture . with star quality including wayne rooney and eden hazard on show , manchester united 's visit to chelsea took viewers away from the game at wembley , bringing the premier league and fa into another dispute . the fa say that the dates of the semi-final were known at the start of the season , while the premier league point to the sky fixtures for the weekend having been set last february — a month before the bbc announced their semi-final schedule . to add to the muddle — with the tv armchair fan the big loser — the premier league purposely chose to broadcast fixtures involving top-four clubs on semi-final days . they do this because the fa cup takes precedence and the league postponement means sky often then have the bonus of a blockbuster live televised midweek game close to the end of the season that could have a bearing on the title race . but chelsea and manchester united both being knocked out of the cup prevented that happening this season . hazard celebrates the only goal of the game in the premier league showdown , but viewers missed out . luke shaw , who has had weight problems since joining manchester united , enjoyed one of his better games against chelsea in a season when he rates his own performances as c minus . coincidentally , hard-line united boss louis van gaal has banned his players from stopping at the permanent fast food van on the road leading to united’s carrington training base . the van has been a favourite pit stop for united stars , including david beckham , down the years . but having no choice but to lay off their tempting bacon sarnies could be the making of shaw , it seems . luke shaw was in impressive form at stamford bridge , and he might owe his form to a change in diet . joe root 's football-style celebration of his two wickets in the first test added some impetus to england’s bowling team , with root looking more like the next test captain with every game . but not everyone was impressed , including former crystal palace manager alan smith , who is following england in the caribbean and who tweeted his disapproval , adding that he was ‘ old school’ . but smith is canny enough that when he sold his cricket agency arundel , he kept hold of the wealth management business that still looks after a good proportion of the england side . joe root celebrates the wicket of darren bravo , but his exuberance has been criticised by alan smith . kevin pietersen is the elephant in the room , even at england’s sleepy sugar ridge hotel on the day after the first test . alastair cook could be seen in a long conversation with test match special’s jonathan agnew . it transpired this was a clear-the-air chat between the sensitive pair after cook was upset with agnew for being so positive about pietersen’s world cup stint with the programme . quite why this should annoy cook is hard to understand . alastair cook seems unable to get past the continuing rumours about an england return for kevin pietersen . pietersen has expressed a desire to play test cricket again , and is trying to prove himself at surrey . clarke back for more . you might think the ecb’s preposterous president , giles clarke , would be keeping his head down after making such a fool of himself at the 2015 wisden launch by haranguing guest speaker ehsan mani and almanack editor lawrence booth . instead he wants ‘sale’ , as he addresses your sports agenda columnist in an email , to make clear that he missed the test in antigua not because of anything to do with his doomed five-year deal for t20 matches on the island with serial fraudster allen stanford , but because he was attending icc board meetings in dubai . giles clarke attends an icc board meeting in dubai , which was his reason for not being at the test in antigua . ironically , clarke’s replacement as ecb representative in antigua was hampshire chairman rod bransgrove , who loathes clarke . one thing has remained reassuringly constant during all the turbulence of england cricket abroad over the last 16 years — veteran team operations manager phil neale always has the best suntan . however , colleagues point out how hard former worcester captain neale works when he’s not sunning himself around the pool . 