it is the disease the medical community refuses to accept , and most experts claim is just a mental illness . morgellons disease has been described by those who suffer from it as causing fatigue and memory loss , while also leading to large sores on the body which are constantly itching to the sensation of bugs or parasites crawling underneath the skin . from these sores they claim sprout colorful fibers that can not be described and , according to one person , ' can not be forensically identified as animal , vegetable or mineral . ' that person is joni mitchell , who claims to have suffered from morgellons for most of her life , and who has recently been hospitalized after she was found unconscious at her home . mitchell , who suffered from polio as a child , remains in the hospital , but is said to be in ' good spirits . ' scroll down for video . joni mitchell ( above ) has suffered from morgellons disease throughout her life , and has recently dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as a medical condition . sufferers say they are constantly itching , and large sore develop on their skin from which colorful fibers ( above ) grow . mitchell spoke of the disease in a 2010 interview with the los angeles times , saying ; ' i have this weird , incurable disease that seems like it 's from outer space . ' she went on to say ; ' fibers in a variety of colors protrude out of my skin like mushrooms after a rainstorm ... morgellons is a slow , unpredictable killer - a terrorist disease : it will blow up one of your organs , leaving you in bed for a year . ' this is far different than the way many in the medical community describe the disease however , which , according to the mayo clinic , is incredibly rare and effects predominantly middle-aged white women . the centers for disease control reports that the symptoms are very similar to those of mental illness , from the sensation of crawling and bugs and parasites to the concept of false beliefs . the cdc even conducted a study at one point , and found that most people who claim to suffer from the disease were likely just experiencing anxiety , depression or , in some cases , issues with substance abuse . mitchell admitted to briefly having problems with addiction in a reader 's digest interview , saying ; ' i didn’t get involved for years , and then i went on rolling thunder and they asked me how i wanted to be paid , and i ran away to join the circus : clowns used to get paid in wine – pay me in cocaine because everybody was strung out on cocaine . ' a 2012 paper published in a peer-reviewed medical journal found that half of the 115 subjects tested positive for a prescription or illicit drug , among them ; amphetamines , barbiturates , benzodiazepines , cannabinoids , and even cocaine . futhermore , most of the fibers collected from their skin were cotton , likely from clothing or bandages , and no parasites were detected in any of the individuals . the medical community believes morgellons is likely a mental illness and that sufferers are anxious , depressed or even suffering from substance abuse ( mitchell above in 1996 ) . cindy casey holman , the director of the charles e. holman morgellons disease foundation and herself a registered nurse takes issue with this study . ' a serious and often deadly systemic infection is present in morgellons samples . still patients are being prescribed antipsychotics while the infection goes undetected and untreated , ' she told cbs news . ' clouding the picture is that some patients do exhibit psychiatric manifestations . but spirochetal infections , such as borrelia burgdorferi , are well known to affect the central nervous system and cause psychiatric symptoms . yet the infection is ignored while dermatologists offer dangerous antipsychotics as the only treatment . ' some individuals have said that taking antibiotics cured them of morgellons , though some experts could bring that back to the idea of mental illness and claim it is simply a placebo effect . researchers and experts meanwhile do accept that morgellons exist , just not as an actual medical condition . mitchell meanwhile has long been committed to having morgellons recognized for what she believes it to be - an ' incurable disease . ' 