a georgia woman is speaking out about her refusal to follow doctors ' advice and pull the plug on her husband of just seven months following a devastating motorcycle crash . danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married . ' i knew that god could get us through that , ' she said , in an interview at the couple 's georgetown home tuesday . ' i did n't think that it was too big for god . ' scroll down for video . tragic : danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married when he was involved in a near fatal motorcycle crash . davis tells wtoc that doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position . ' that 's what they 'd want their family to do , ' she recalls hearing them say . but she refused to give up and brian was eventually released into her care . weeks went by and one day , miraculously , brian spoke . ' i 'm trying , ' he told her . danielle would soon come to the painful conclusion that brian had no idea she was his wife . brian tells wtoc that he also had no clue his father was dead or that he 'd been married to begin with . three years had been wiped from his memory for good . though , finding out danielle was his wife was a happy moment among many struggles . ' i saw her , and i was like , ' yeah , '' he recalls . hopeless : brian 's motorcycle was split in two and doctors initially urged his wife to take him off life support . danielle refused to give up on brian and took him into her full time care as he was still bedridden and hooked to a feeding tube . miracle : eventually , brian started to improve and miraculously spoke the words ' i 'm trying ' one day weeks after danielle took him home with dismal prospects . now , he and danielle work on his rehabilitation daily and use yoga to help him sharpen his mind and regain control of his body . while danielle is thrilled that brian has improved to the point he no longer requires medications , she says on a gofundme page started for the cause that the couple is too strapped to pay for all the rehabilitative care brian still requires . and insurance will no longer cover it . ' people with traumatic brain injury need a lot of rehab , people continue to make improvements even 10 years after their injury , ' she writes . ' insurance does n't pay for the amount of therapy they need so often times that person does n't reach their full potential . ' thankfully , after just one month , the fundraiser has received some $ 11,000 in donations . as brian continues to make great strides , most recently with his commitment to learning to walk the way he once did , he wants others to know how good they 've got it . ' people do n't realize how much they can actually do with their bodies , ' he said . ' they take it for granted . ' improvements : now danielle says brian is improving all the time and has gone from requiring 20 medications per day to requiring none .