fed up of your neighbor 's dog barking ? it seems you could be in for a windfall . a couple in oregon have been awarded $ 240,000 compensation for more than a decade of disquiet . dale and debra krein of rogue river filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant tibetan mastiffs . winners ! debra and dale krein ( pictured ) have been awarded $ 240,000 after complaining that their neighbors ' tibetan mastiffs have caused them more than a decade of disquiet by barking until 5am . overruled : john updegraff and karen szewc ( above ) tried to argue they needed the dogs for their livestock . finally , after three years of proceedings , a jury has ruled in favor of the disgruntled oregonians , ordering for the canines to be debarked within 60 days . debarking is a surgical operation that reduces tissue in the vocal chords . the procedure lowers the volume of a dog 's bark . the kreins claimed their lives have been plagued by the noise since the defendants , john updegraff and karen szewc , started breeding dogs in 2002 . according to the mail tribune , the canines would routinely bark until 5am and throughout the day outside the property just 300 feet from the kreins . the jury ruled that the tibetan mastiffs ( stock image ) , born in 2002 , should have their vocal chords removed . irritation : the kreins ' property ( right ) is less than 300 meters from updegraff and szewc ( center ) , who claim to keep livestock on their sprawling land . the jury ruled their dogs were unsuited to protecting livestock . this continued , they told the court , despite the fact that updegraff and szewc were cited by jackson county animal control in 2002 and 2004 for violating public nuisance codes . the defendants attempted to argue that the mastiffs were needed to protect their livestock . however , on thursday a judge at jackson county circuit court ruled the animals were not suited to the role . court case : the jury at jackson county circuit court ( pictured ) heard defendants updegraff and szewc were cited twice for public nuisance in 2002 and 2004 but failed to control their animals ' barking . 