the son of linford christie was caught with almost £1,500 worth of crack cocaine and heroin - just months after he was jailed for allowing his home to be used as a drugs den , a court heard today . liam linford oliver-christie , 29 , whose father is the former olympic sprinter , was caught with the drugs under his floorboards during a police raid in west kensington , west london . officers uncovered the haul and ‘ drugs paraphernalia’ with the help of a sniffer dog at his council flat in september 2013 - and oliver-christie today admitted two counts of possessing class a drugs . drugs charges : liam linford oliver-christie ( pictured outside isleworth crown court today ) was caught with the drugs under his floorboards during a police raid in west kensington , west london , in september 2013 . isleworth crown court in middlesex was told today that the drugs cache included 14.1g ( 0.50oz ) of cocaine of up to 40 per cent purity and 841mg ( 0.03oz ) of heroin of up to 60 per cent purity . neil griffin , prosecuting , said : ‘ there was a search warrant executed on september 30 but mr oliver-christie was not at home . however , under the floorboards there was a box containing drugs . ’ oliver-christie , who today wore a black leather jacket and bright pink trainers , was jailed for 15 months at the same court in august 2012 for ‘ turning a blind eye’ to drug dealing at his home . when officers burst into his home - on a road with an average property value of nearly £600,000 - they saw cocaine and heroin being thrown from the window of his raised ground floor flat . raid : when officers burst into his home in west kensington ( above ) - on a road with an average property value of nearly £600,000 - they saw cocaine and heroin being thrown from the window of his flat . a tub of white protein powder - used to ‘cut’ the drugs and up dealers’ profits - was also discovered , and the drugs found in the box had a street value of £1,410 . sprinter : linford christie ( pictured above in 1993 ) was the toast of british athletics for a decade . he had denied possessing criminal property but was convicted after a trial . oliver-christie also has a previous burglary conviction from 2002 . bailing him before sentencing on may 15 , judge martin edmunds qc said : ‘ you have pleaded guilty to counts two and four of the indictment and those have been accepted by the crown . ‘ sentence in this case will take place on may 19 , and in the interim i will ask the probation service to prepare a pre-sentence report about you and address your drug issues . ’ the court was told oliver-christie’s drug issues are now ‘ under control , ’ while he is being supported by friends and relatives . emma fenn , defending , said : ‘ he has sought voluntary help and that has been resolved with family help . he is suitable for unpaid work if this passes the community threshold . ' two counts of possession with intent to supply class a drugs , which oliver-christie denies , were ordered to lie on the court file . his gold-medal winning father did not attend his latest hearing today . the sprinter was the toast of british athletics for a decade after sprinting to victory at the barcelona games in 1992 and later glory at the world , commonwealth and european 100m . but his career was hit in 1999 when he tested positive for the banned steroid nandrolone and was banned by the monaco-based international association of athletics federations . however 55-year-old christie has always denied taking performance-enhancing drugs and was cleared by uk athletics .