a new york city bus driver is facing possible termination after video emerged of him looking at papers and driving with his wrists and forearms . a woman who boarded the driver 's bus in ozone park , queens , recorded the unidentified driver marking a set of papers with a highlighter and looking away from the road . she was ' shocked ' that the driver 's behavior continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus , in which all the seats were full . a new york city bus driver running a route in queens is facing possible termination after an unidentified commuter recorded him driving with papers in his hand . the driver was seen with both hands on a piece of paper , believed to be a timetable for his route replacing the closed section of a subway , and driving the bus with his wrists and forearms . the commuter who captured the distracted driving on a bus with only standing room said that the behavior occurred the entire time she was travelling . ' he jeopardized the lives of everyone on that bus and anyone on the street , ' the commuter said . the papers in his hand were likely timetables used to make sure he was stopping at all the correct junctures on saturday evening , the new york post reported , citing a transit source . the bus was being used to replace part of a subway line closed for maintenance during the weekend . new york 's metro transportation authority , which runs the city 's buses , said that ' bus operators are expected to have their full attention on safe operations at all times ' . the driver has been taken out of passenger service while the agency investigates , and could face possible penalties including termination or retraining depending on his work history , according to a new york post source . new york city adopted new laws last year as part of an effort to eliminate traffic accidents , such as the february 2014 crash between an city bus and a truck that careened into a building on 7th avenue . this weekend 's video comes as new york city has targeted speeding and reckless motorists in a bid to eliminate traffic deaths . a law pushed into law by mayor bill deblasio last august has increased penalties on drivers , including mta employees , who hit pedestrians after failing to yield . bus drivers have said they are under attack by the new regulations , and that accidents happen even when drivers are doing their jobs properly . at least nine pedestrians were killed by transportation authority buses last year , according to the new york times .