when retired hairdresser theodosia aresti , 71 , moved into a new-build flat in london five years ago , the frail pensioner thought she had found her dream home . but after a blocked pipe unleashed a ' tsunami of sewage ' from the nine-storey building 's 239 other flats into her apartment , her hopes of a contented retirement were ruined - and she says she now hopes to move . mrs aresti 's nightmare began when she noticed a foul smell coming from her bathroom and discovered an unidentifiable brown substance bubbling up through the plughole in her bath . scroll down for video . traumatic : theodosia aresti was left devastated when her flat became flooded with raw sewage . ' i always keep my bath clean and i looked down and all i could see was this brown stuff coming out , ' she remembers . ' it was bad . it was very bad . within half an hour , it [ the bath ] was over half full . ' but worse was to come . '10 , 20 minutes later , the bath stopped filling but the toilet , it made a terrific noise and then , when i looked , it was half full . ' then it started filling up and filling up and filling up . and then it was gushing out . it started flooding the flat everywhere . ' with raw sewage pouring into her flat , mrs aresti phoned her daughter kiki and grandson nicos and begged them to come to her aid . she also got in touch with the company in charge of maintaining the nine-story block of flats to tell them that waste was pouring into her flat . ' i phoned the maintenance people and i said , it looks like sewage stuff coming out the bath . he said , sorry , no , no , no , you should get a plumber because i 'm busy and it 's sunday . disgusting : the flood started with her bath , which started filling up with ' brown lumps ' . overflowing : mrs aresti 's toilet began overflowing with sewage ' like a volcano ' according to grandson nicos . revolting : the toilet and bath both began overflowing with sewage , flooding mrs aresti 's flat in the process . ' when the man arrived , it was too late . he was too late . everything was ruined . ' grandson nicos doukanaris was one of the first to come to his grandmother 's aid and says the toilet resembled a ' volcano ' . ' i came in through the front door and i could see the toilet , ' he remembers . ' it was like a volcano , that 's how bad it was . just never ending . you could see she was visibly distraught . ' but worse was to come . despite the best efforts of the plumber , who spent four hours trying to stem the tide of sewage , the excrement was strewn all over the flat and had soaked into carpets . worst of all was the mess in her bedroom which , according to daughter kiki , both smelled ' foul ' and ' was unhealthy ' thanks to the sodden carpet . maintenance workers , however , were unable to visit for four days - leaving a distressed mrs aresti to sleep in a room filled with sewage for three nights . devastated : the disgusting episode has left mrs aresti desperate to find a new home . furious : mrs aresti 's daughter kiki and grandson nicos were took part in the clean-up operation . damage : mrs aresti 's bedroom carpet was soaked in sewage and had to be replaced afterwards . ' the bedroom it was soaked , ' she says . ' the carpet was full of sewage but i was still sleeping in there . it was disgusting . i felt dirty , i could n't eat . all i was doing was just crying . ' eventually , workmen came in to remove the carpet but when they lifted it up , the movement caused her wardrobe to collapse - soaking everything in it in sewage . it was , says kiki , the final straw for her mother . ' it was one thing after another and it just destroyed her flat completely , ' she says . ' it almost gave her a nervous breakdown . ' although mrs aresti 's carpet has now been replaced and her flat fumigated , she says the experience has left her desperate to find a new home . ' if i could afford to move , i would move from here tomorrow because i just do n't feel happy any more , ' she says . ' but i do n't know how i 'm going to be able to do it . i 'm just going to have to wait . '