a veteran georgia middle school teacher has been removed from the classroom after she gave students her highly critical personal opinion of president barack obama and some parents complained . nancy perry will no longer teach students at dublin middle school and will retire at the end of the year , city schools superintendent chuck ledbetter announced on tuesday . perry is alleged to have told students that obama is a muslim and that any parent who support him could n't be christian , either . nancy perry , left , wo n't teach again at dublin middle school in georgia after she gave students her highly critical personal opinion of president barack obama and parent jimmie scott complained . a 12-year-old boy in perry 's class brought the matter to the attention of his father , jimmie scott , who complained to the school . ' if your parents voted for obama , they 're evil and i do n't see how your parents could vote for someone that 's muslim ' he told wmaz , paraphrasing perry 's alleged comments . scott said he immediately requested a parent-teacher conference to which perry brought along her husband bill , who sits on the county board of education . instead of discussing nancy perry 's classroom comments , scott says that she and her husband showed him what he described as internet propaganda . ' she showed it to me and said , `` see , obama is a baby killer . he aborts babies at nine months old as they 're coming through the birth canal . '' ' superintendent ledbetter said perry was already planning on retiring before the complaint about her behavior . ' on behalf of the school district , we want to apologize to the student and to his parents , ' he said at a school board meeting . scott said he requested a parent-teacher conference , but nancy perry brought along her husband bill , pictured above , who sites on the board of education . the pair showed him what he described as anti-obama internet propaganda . city schools superintendent chuck ledbetter says school principals are now required to call the superintendent if any board member asks to sit in on parent-teacher meetings . ' it is not the place of teachers to attempt to persuade students about religious or political beliefs . ' scott also addressed the community at the meeting , saying his family had been ridiculed and had racial slurs thrown at them . scott is black and perry is white . ' we 've lost loved ones in the community because a line was drawn , ' scott said . ' either you were for my son or you were for the teacher . ' ledbetter also apologized for the actions of perry 's husband , who he said should n't have attended the parent-teacher conference . ledbetter said school principals are now required to call the superintendent if any board member asks to sit in on a parent-teacher meeting . ' see , obama is a baby killer . he aborts babies at nine months old ' nancy perry is alleged to have told jimmie scott .