robert downey jr has helped raise more than £1million for a british hospice by raffling off a date with himself to his latest film premiere . the ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to los angeles to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of marvel 's avengers : age of ultron . his offer - which also includes a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride - was up for grabs via $ 10 ( £6.80 ) raffle tickets and raised money for children 's hospice julia 's house . scroll down for video . robert downey jr has helped raise more than £1million for british hospice julia 's house . dorset-based charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in wiltshire . it raised £1,388,863 for the dorset-based charity , which will now use the money to build a new hospice in wiltshire . speaking in a video promoting the prize , the actor said : ' have you had the best night of your life on earth ever yet ? well you could , with me , for a good cause . ' here 's the deal - you donate ten dollars or more for a chance to win the rjd experience . ' i correspondingly fly you and a friend to la , put you up in a five star hotel and proceed to awesome the crap out of you . ' i 'll take you indoor skydiving , on a helicopter tour , a pit stop at randy 's donuts and after riding your sugar high all the way to a fitting for a tux or gown , we are going to meet up for a bit of pre-premiere caviar . ' we 'll giggle , chat , take pictures , and perhaps even engage in a battle of wits - kidding , or am i ? a still from the video which robert downey jr recorded helping to raise more than £1million for julia 's house shows a worker at the hospice interacting with a child . the raffle was hosted by omaze , an american organisation that supports charities . ' and then right before sunset we make a grand entrance at the venue on the red carpet , and then you become one of the first people on earth to see avengers : age of ultron . ' all proceeds go towards funding julia 's house . this place is amazing . it 's a hospice for children with terminal illnesses . it 's a win-win . ' downey jr heard about julia 's house after he attended a fundraising event at the home of film director and julia 's house patron guy ritchie . martin edwards , ceo of julia 's house , said : ' we are so grateful to robert downey jnr for helping with our dream to increase our respite and end of life care and reach more children over a wider geographical area , principally by building a wiltshire children 's hospice and extending our home care in the county . ' we 'll giggle , chat , take pictures , and perhaps even engage in a battle of wits ' he says . ' it 's amazing when someone in so much demand is so focused on giving something back . ' he 's our superhero - we love you iron man . ' winners were chosen and privately notified on tuesday april 7 . the raffle was hosted by omaze , an american organisation that supports charities by offering celebrity experiences for 10 dollar raffle tickets . downey jr heard about julia 's house after he attended a fundraising event . 