a 19-year-old minnesota teen has been charged with fatally stabbing a 34-year-old father-of-five after an argument on the wisconsin side of the st croix river.about swearing took a deadly turn . peter kelly , who leaves behind a wife in addition to five children under the age of nine , was killed on tuesday night when he was stabbed in the chest after he and a friend argued with three teens . one of the teenagers , levi acre-kendall , was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on friday by the polk county attorney 's office . scroll down for video . peter kelly was fatally stabbed on tuesday night at the st croix river after an argument with three teenagers . levi acre-kendall , 19 , was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on friday . kelly and his wife christie , pictured , have four sons and a daughter all under the age of nine . he was just 34 . the suspect , who was held on $ 125,000 bail , is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision . during the alleged incident , kelly and ross lechman were fishing on the minnesota side of the st croix river when they heard three teens being loud and rude on the wisconsin side . they asked them to quiet down and heated words were exchanged for the next three hours . the suspect 's mother , lavonne acre , said of her son : ' levi 's a good kid . he was just fishing ' . kelly and lechman eventually drover over to interstate park and confronted the three teenagers . there are differing accounts about what happened , but lechman told investigators acre-kendall showed a knife during the argument , the pioneer press reported . he later reportedly said : ' yes , yes , i stabbed him . ' lechman called 911 after the stabbing and kelly was taken to st croix regional medical center , where he was pronounced dead . acre-kendall 's mother , lavonne acre , turned a knife and clothes her son was wearing on tuesday over to police , the star tribune reported . she said : ' all i can tell you is that it would have never happened if it were n't for those two older men coming to the boys , because the boys were just fishing . ' levi 's a good kid . he was just fishing . ' there is still uncertainty about stabbing and the argument that caused it . polk county sheriff 's chief deputy steve moe said : ' i think it 's just something that we 're still aggressively working on , is all . ' acre-kendall is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision . now the small community in st croix falls , which has just 2,100 people , is mourning the loss of kelly , who volunteered as a coach at the high school 's football , baseball and wrestling teams . he would often go to work at 4am so he could get back in time to coach before dinner , fellow high school coach dan clark said . his day job was at andersen windows in bayport , where he worked in quality control . ' he worked 10 to 12 hours a day at andersen windows , and he would come home and volunteer four hours a night to our wrestling program for four or five months a year , ' clark told fox9 . ' he was one of the greatest human beings that i ever hoped to meet . ' his wife , christie , stays at home to care for their children . they have four boys , kellen , payton , miles and august , and last year welcomed a baby girl , molly . kelly and ross lechman were fishing on the minnesota side of the st croix river when the argument began . ' i do n't think they fully understand the implications of what happened , ' his brother , mike kelly , told kare . ' his daughter will never even get to know him . ' friends and family added that they do not believe kelly was to blame for the confrontation . ' he did good things , and did what was right all the time , ' his brother added . ' and that 's probably what cost him . some knuckleheads swearing and being silly . ' anyone with information about the incident is asked to call the sheriff 's office at 715-485-8300 . a gofundme page has also been set up for the family . peter kelly 's brother , mike kelly ( right ) , said the dead man 's children did not understand what had happened .