england test captain alastair cook feared jonathan trott 's international career was over 18 months ago , but feels he is now ready to face the ' pressure cooker ' once again . trott dramatically left the 2013/14 ashes trip after just one match at the gabba having struggled with what was initially labelled a 'stress-related condition ' and later diagnosed as situational anxiety . cook was concerned that would be the end of his three lions days but has watched the 33-year-old rebuild his career with typical focus and determination , first with warwickshire then during a productive winter tour with england lions . jonathan trott during a nets session as he returned to the international scene and could be ready to play . the pair are now heavy favourites to open the batting together in west indies this month and should get a first chance against a st kitts & nevis invitation xi on monday . uncapped yorkshireman adam lyth is the other top-order batsman on tour but trott appears to have first claim after batting alongside the skipper in saturday 's centre-wicket practice session at warner park . ' he was in a bad place in brisbane and at the time i would have been surprised that he 'd come back , but it 's a huge credit to the work he 's done off the field and the effort he 's put in , ' said cook . ' that obviously shows his desire to come back to play for england . test captain alastair cook feels the batsman is ready for the ' pressure cooker ' of international cricket . ' he has almost demanded selection with the runs he has scored for warwickshire and it 's great for me to see him back in an england shirt . he 's a great guy and if he gets his chance he 'll be desperate to do well . ' cook accepted there was no guarantee over how trott would react to the glare of the international game , which remains several notches beyond anything he will have experienced on the county or lions circuit . but with a cv boasting 49 tests , 3,763 runs and nine centuries , cook is delighted to have him back on board and nudging the selectors for a recall . ' i am ( confident ) , but you do n't know 100 per cent until he 's put out in the environment - that is always unknown , ' he said . trott ( left ) and cook train together during a batting session at warner park , basseterre , st kitts & nevis . ' there 's a lot of things about selection that are unknown until you 're put into the pressure cooker of international cricket and , make no mistake , it 's a high-intensity environment , there 's no doubt about that . ' but trotty 's done everything we 've asked of him . he feels confident in himself and he 's just looking forward to taking that next step . ' what we do know is he 's a quality player . you do n't have his stats and that weight of runs behind you without being a quality player . ' for his own part , cook is in need of a successful series both as captain and run-scorer . the last of his 25 test centuries came in may 2013 and he was stripped of the one-day captaincy on the eve of the world cup , though in hindsight his absence from the tournament may have been a blessing given england 's travails . the warwickshire batsman has been in fine form for them and rightly deserved his call-up . now , rested and recharged following his enforced spell at home , he is setting his sights on nothing short of victory in the three-test series . ' it 's been great to spend a bit of time at home , live a bit more of a normal life away from the travelling circuit of cricket , ' he said . ' that 's been great , at home with my family , but now it 's the serious business of trying to win the series here . ' it 's always important we win . when you play for england you carry the hopes and the pride of the nation on your shoulders . ' that has n't changed since the day i started playing . ' trott looks for a single during a training session at warner park , basseterre , st kitts & nevis .