a transgender woman has launched a campaign on social media to protest bathroom bans . brae carnes of victoria , british columbia , has photographed herself over the past few months as she applies makeup and even changes in men 's public restrooms , sometimes when men are even going to the bathroom right behind her . this to protest a proposed amendment to a canadian transgender rights bill that would allow owners to make their own decisions as to whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender . scroll down for video . brae carnes ( above ) of victoria , british columbia is protesting an amendment to a canadian transgender rights bill . carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men 's public bathrooms ( above ) . 'i’m giving them what they want , ' carnes said of the photos in an interview with the times colonist . 'i’m actively showing them what it would look like if that became law and how completely ridiculous it is . it’s just not right . ' on top of that , carnes revealed that it is scary to go into a men 's public bathroom as a woman . a bill to grant equal rights and protections to transgender individuals and protect them from discrimination has been stuck in the canadian senate for almost two years now . recently , senator don plett introduced this new amendment to the bill . he argues it is more a protection for women who may be afraid to share a space with anyone who is ' biologically male . ' the new amendment would allow business owners to determine if they want to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding with their gender . 'i’m actively showing them what it would look like if that became law and how completely ridiculous it is , ' says carnes . the transgender community meanwhile has pointed out the issue of their own protection should they be forced to use a bathroom that does not correspond with their gender identity . ' i think [ the amendment ] is actually giving predators a chance and an opportunity . people think , `` why’s this girl in the washroom ? she must be looking for a guy , '' ' said carnes .