the runaway success of furious 7 shows no signs of slowing down as the high-octane action movie enjoyed its third winning weekend in a row at the domestic box office . the reigning box office champion might have slowed from its blockbuster debut , but furious 7 maintained first place for the third weekend in a row with an estimated $ 29.1 million , according to box office tracker rentrak on sunday . this brings the fast car sequel 's domestic total to a staggering $ 294 million , well above the $ 202.8 million that fast & furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013 . scroll down for video . the fast car sequel , starring vin diesel , has raced to number seven on the list of highest grossing movies in just three weeks and is predicted to overtake the likes of frozen and iron man 3 in a matter of weeks . crashing hit : the blockbuster , also co-starring vin diesel and jason statham , has already earned $ 1 billion . on friday , furious 7 joined the $ 1 billion club at the worldwide box office , leaping into the top twenty grossing films of all time worldwide . over the weekend , furious 7 added even more to its international total , jumping even higher on the all-time worldwide charts . furious 7 is now one of the ten highest grossing movies of all-time worldwide , ranking seventh with $ 1.152 billion . with furious 7 still going strong , the question becomes now how high can it climb ? the film will almost certainly race past iron man 3 and frozen to join the top five all-time at the worldwide box office before the month is out . ' the film has set a new standard for the potential for box-office in the pre-summer month of april and has truly become part of movie folklore with its record setting numbers , strong reviews , spectacular word-of-mouth and of course the outpouring of support for late star paul walker , ' rentrak 's senior media analyst paul dergarabedian said . poll position : furious 7 , starring the late paul walker , right , won the box office crown for the third week running , taking an estimated $ 29.1 million over the weekend . paul blart : mall cop 2 came in a close second with an estimated $ 24 million . while the pg-rated comedy did n't perform as well as the first film 's $ 31.8 million opening in 2009 , it did surpass sony 's modest expectations . also , it only cost $ 30 million to produce . ' it 's a great result . it 's going to be very profitable for us and a big success , ' sony 's president of worldwide distribution rory bruer said . ' it was something that kevin really wanted to do and we wanted to do it with him , ' he said . ' kudos to kevin for working so hard in promoting the film . ' dergarabedian said ' blart 's ' opening ' proves that if you give the people what they want , you can make a tidy profit . ' meanwhile , the low-budget , social media themed thriller unfriended took third place with $ 16 million — sixteen times its production budget .