heartwarming photos have emerged of a man rescuing five beloved horses from the severe flooding in his rural town triggered by the worst storm in a decade in new south wales . steve spowart helped the horses ' owner , sonia sharrock , to lead the animals to safety near dungog , in the nsw hunter region - one of the hardest hit areas in the state - where three people died in the severe weather , four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years . mr spowart , in a black wetsuit , paddled out on his surfboard to where the horses were stranded , past trees , bushes and fences submerged in the floodwater that was almost as high as his shoulders . scroll down for video . steve spowart rescues five horses from flood water on april 22 near dungog , a small town in the nsw hunter valley region . mr spowart paddled out to where the horses were stranded , with concentration etched on his face . his tough journey to save the animals was captured as he paddled past submerged trees and bushes . as he managed to get hold of a brown horse in what was once a field surrounded by a fence , the man clung to its mane to lead it to safety . the moving images show the concentration on his face as he moves towards the animals and his concern as he struggles to lead them out of the deep murky water . in one photo , a startled brown horse attempts to flee as the man is kicked backwards into the water . the man and owner ms sharrock , in a green jacket , then appear to try and calm the animal to coax it to come with them without any reins . a young boy with a tin motor boat waits in shallow water as they walk a chestnut and two white horses out of the flood . the brown horse reared up after becoming caught in barbed wire , splashing and throwing the man back into the storm water . the brown horse stood off against the two rescuers , sonia sharrock and mr spowart , in fear of the terrifying floods . the man was helped by two women as he led two white and one chestnut horse out of the deep water towards a young boy and a boat . on wednesday morning , the nsw premier called on flood victims to ' hang tough ' as the storm slowly moved down the south coast . ' obviously , in the areas particularly impacted in the hunter , newcastle and across the central coast , we ask those communities to hang tough , ' mr baird said . he said ' areas such as dungog and maitland , parts of the central coast ' would be declared natural disaster zones but a state of emergency would not be announced . the community of dungog in the hunter region is said to be in ' shock ' after three residents who died in dangerous weather conditions on tuesday were identified as robyn mcdonald , aged about 70 , colin webb , 79 , and brian wilson , 72 , the newcastle herald reported . the ses says it has had about 8000 requests for help and conducted 90 flood rescues since monday , and about 200,000 homes and businesses remain without power . more than 260 ses crews and 600 volunteers will be out in the field on wednesday . the barefooted man looked more relieved as he held on tightly to one horse 's rein after emerging from the water . ms sharrock , in a green coat , talks to a chestnut horse as it follows her to safety out of the storm water in dungog . a small smile crosses her face as she gets on to shallow ground with her animals . the white horse stands tall amidst the stormy skies in dungog , an area that has been hit especially hard by the storm . the man carried ropes and reins on his surfboard as he made his way to the horses . as mr spowart walked out of the water , there was an eerie calm while the rain continued to fall .