former northern territory politician matthew gardiner has reportedly been detained at darwin airport as he returned from syria , where he is believed to have been fighting the islamic state . in january the senior nt labor party figure fled the country with plans to join kurdish militants - an action which is penalised with life in prison in australia . he arrived at darwin airport early on sunday morning after flying from the middle east via sweden and singapore , according to . australian federal police confirmed to daily mail australia that a man had been detained at the airport . ' the afp can confirm that it spoke to a darwin man today ( sunday 5 april 2015 ) following his return to australia , ' an afp spokesperson said . ' enquiries relating to his activities while overseas are ongoing and as such it is not appropriate to comment further at this time . ' scroll down for video . former northern territory politician matthew gardiner has returned to australia after he was understood to have been fighting isis in the middle east . the 43-year-old , who has an army background , was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list . he left behind his wife andrea and three young sons , aged between three and 11 . they reportedly had no idea of his decision to flee the country before he disappeared . mr gardiner is also head of the nt labor party , though he was suspended from his role after his disappearance . in february australian man ashley johnston became the first westerner to be killed fighting against is for the kurdish people 's protection unit ( ypg ) . it 's believed the 28-year-old was fighting with the kurdish people 's protection unit ( ypg ) and trying to liberate the isis-held town of tal hamis in syria . johnston was reportedly killed after he became outnumbered when a truck he was travelling in broke down in a small village near shingal , close to iraq 's border with syrian kurdistan . his mother amanda johnston had no idea her son was at war in the middle east until she learnt of his death , as he told her he was simply heading to the middle east to do humanitarian work . around 90 australians are understood to have travelled to the middle east to join militant causes . gardiner reportedly headed to iraq or syria with the view of joining kurdish militants and fighting against is . mr gardiner , 43 , reportedly served as an australian army combat engineer in somalia in the early 1990s . attorney general george brandis was delivered an afp brief on the gardiner case . a spokesperson for mr brandis said australians who join militant causes overseas face imprisonment should they survive and return . in january the senior nt labor party figure fled the country with plans to join kurdish militants . gardiner was reportedly detained at darwin airport after returning to australia via singapore and sweden . ' if you fight illegally in overseas conflicts , you face up to life in prison upon your return to australia , ' the spokesperson said . ' it is illegal to fight in syria for either side of the conflict . ' it is illegal to fight for a terrorist organisation anywhere , including in iraq . ' australians who wanted to oppose the actions of the islamic state group should instead donate to humanitarian groups operating in affected areas , the spokesperson said . around 90 australians are understood to have travelled to the middle east to join militant causes .