dozens of staff at manchester united 's megastore , including mascot fred the red , are sweating over their futures with the club 's world-record £750m kit deal about to kick in . on july 31 nike , who employ fred and a number of other workers at the old trafford shop , will see their agreement with the club expire . some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed , blaming the us sportswear giants for the issue . manchester united mascot fred the red is among club megastore staff sweating over their jobs . a manchester united fan wearing an eric cantona shirt outside the old trafford megastore on sunday . however , nike say they are in constant communication with the club and have entered into a consultation process with the staff . a united source told sportsmail : ' all the staff are all worried sick about it . some have left already because they ca n't wait . it 's out of order . they are all good people who work in there , and a lot of them do n't make much more than the minimum wage , and they can do without this . ' it seems as though nike are using them as scapegoats because they have lost the rights to adidas . you would think someone could just tell them they are going to be alright . ' united are yet to make an official announcement about the megastore after they kept hold of the rights as part of their huge deal with adidas . fred the red , who has been united 's official mascot since 1994 , with former manager sir alex ferguson . the popular old trafford mascot poses with former defender nemanja vidic in may 2014 . fred the red has been manchester united 's official mascot since 1994 and represents the club 's nickname , the red devils . he wears the no 55 shirt and entertains the crowd at old trafford before matches . it could prove to be a shrewd move given that they will not have to pay royalties on any items sold within the facility , which is based the east stand and attracts visitors from all over the globe . most staff work in the store itself , although many work in the warehouse behind it . a nike spokesman revealed that talks were ongoing but failed to give any assurances . ' nike is in constant communication with manchester united on the transition of the store management to the club , ' they said . ' we are actively engaged in a consultation process with the store employees and have created an employee representation group for this specific purpose . ' united will head to the us for a summer tour and are expected to have to wear their existing nike kit . no agreement has been reached to end the deal early and manager louis van gaal is unlikely to want to see his side in action after august 1 - so close to the start of the new premier league season on august 8 . 