america celebrated the coming of age of a new sporting hero on sunday when jordan spieth , 21 , showed true grace under pressure to win the masters . as people clamor to find out about this humble champ from texas , a letter penned six years ago when he was still in high school has surfaced which only reinforces his nice guy image . as a junior at jesuit high school in dallas , the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition . scroll down for video . a letter of thanks penned by masters champion jordan spieth six years ago when he was on a scholarship at jesuit high school in dallas , left , has surfaced which only reinforces his nice guy image . as a junior at jesuit high school in dallas , the pga golfer was humble enough to write the letter to the murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition . in the thank you note , spieth wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program , reports the dallas morning news . spieth , already dreaming about winning the masters , was already an extremely talented golfer in 2009 and he casually informs the family that he 's the no . 1 junior golfer in the country . the 21-year-old impressed many following sunday 's big victory with his manners and affable manor as well as his golfing skills . as he stepped off the final green he embraced , in turn , his father shawn , his mother chris , his college sweetheart annie , his brother steven , who plays college basketball , his grandfather and various friends . he then went back on to the 18th green and formally acknowledged the patrons crammed into every available space . ' he 's just a class guy in every way and it 's difficult not to root for him , ' said golf legend phil mickelson . spieth hugs members of his family after securing his first ever major title at augusta national . spieth walks back onto the 18th green to formally acknowledge the large crowd watching on . spieth ( right ) pictured with his college sweetheart girlfriend annie . another legend impressed by spieth was jack nicklaus , who posted this tribute : ' congratulations to an exceptionally talented young man . that was an incredible performance . ' jordan is so beyond his years . i like everything about him . he 's polite , he 's humble , he handles himself so well , on and off the golf course . and he 's obviously a wonderful player and now a masters champion . ' the one family member who was n't present to enjoy the celebrations was jordan 's 14-year-old sister ellie , who suffers from a neurological disorder that places her on the autism spectrum . the siblings regularly facetime each other and every time they talk ellie asks he brother if he has won yet . ' i 'll finally be able to tell her yes , ' he said , smiling . ' i know she was watching on television and i think she 's going to be a bit jealous of us all hugging round the 18th green , ' he said . ' she 's going to want a present . ' spieth spends time with his family as he poses for a photo with sister ellie ( centre ) and brother steven ( right ) . spieth pictured in his younger days playing basketball left-handed . golf should not have been spieth 's game at all . nobody in the family plays — they are all big basketball fans . but spieth was given a set of plastic clubs at the age of four and took it from there . when he set out he was ranked 809th in the world . now he is no 2 behind rory mcilroy . in 18 months , he has banked more than $ 13 million on the pga tour alone . in his past four events he has won two and finished second twice and when he says : ' i do n't see this as a great run of form , i see this as normal , ' it does not come across as at all boastful . jesuit high school was recently in the news for all the wrong reasons when the daily mail online exposed former pupil , parker rice , as one of the oklahoma university students filmed conducting his sigma alpha epsilon brothers along in a racist chant on a bus last month .