a prisoner who has finally been freed after spending half his life in jail for a crime he did not commit has said all he wants to do is spent time with his wife and go fishing . michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t . mcgarr in 1980 . but more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial . michael hanline , 69 , pictured with wife sandy , has been released from jail after spending 36 years behind bars for a murder he did not commit . michael hanline answers questions from the media outside court yesterday after his murder charges were formally dismissed . the new evidence proved that hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in californian history was finally released last november . after his murder charges were formally dismissed yesterday , hanline who appeared with a white beard and pony tail outside court with his wife , sandy , where he said he was hoping to return to a normal life . ' i feel good , ' he added . ' all i want to do is go fishing and ride my bike and spend time with sandy and do a little gardening . ' ' hopefully everything is going to be like it used to be . ' he added that he had been riding a motorcycle ever since his release and complained that california roads had gotten bumpier during his years behind bars . mugshot : hanline was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t . mcgarr in 1980 . after decades behind bars , hanline was also coming to terms with 21st century living and talked about ' buck rogers ' gadgets such as cellphones . ' gas is n't 32 cents and a pack of cigarettes is n't 30 cents , ' he said . ' it 's a whole new ball game . ' hanline was in his early thirties when he was charged with killing friend , ventura resident j.t . mcgarry in 1978 . he said he kept waiting for justice to prevail but had no idea that he would spent the next 36 years in prison . ' when i first got arrested , i figured it might take a year or two to get this all straightened around but not 36 , ' he said , including two years he spent in jail after his arrest but before his conviction . he added : ' i never believed i 'd spend the rest of my life in prison , but man , 36 years is a long , long time . ' mcgarry , a ventura resident who also used the name michael mathers , dealt in drugs and ran motorcycle-oriented swap meets for the publishers of easyriders magazine , according to court papers . he went missing on november 10 , 1978 , and was found shot to death two days later by a highway . hanline , who was romantically involved with mcgarry 's ex-girlfriend , was arrested on an unrelated charge that month after traveling to northern california and using mcgarry 's credit card , court papers stated . he was charged with murder by prosecutors who suggested his motive was jealousy over mcgarry 's on-again , off-again relationship with the ex-girlfriend . but more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial . the evidence proved that hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in californian history was finally released last november with charges only officially dropped yesterday . hanline 's then-girlfriend , mary bischoff , was granted immunity and was a key witness at his trial . she testified that mcgarry had skimmed thousands of dollars from motorcycle swap meets and that hanline had threatened to ' blow his brains out . ' she also claimed that hanline left home with a handgun the night of the killing and returned covered in mud . he said he worked on motorcycles at home all night except for leaving to get beer . in 1980 , hanline was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without possibility of parole . dna analysis was not conducted at the scene where mcgarry 's body was discovered because the technology did not exist then . but ventura county prosecutors said in court papers an analysis this year found the dna profile of an unidentified male , not hanline . in addition , evidence that should have been disclosed to hanline during the trial was withheld from him . special assistant district attorney michael schwartz said ' flaws in the trial and the totality of evidence cast sufficient doubt to warrant vacating the jury 's guilty verdict . ' lawyers from the california innocence project had been working for 15 years to free him and it was them who persuaded local prosecutors to re-examine the evidence . ' the conviction was based on 'paper-thin evidence , ' said justin brooks , director of the california innocence project . prosecutors had said hanlin , pictured in 1974 , kidnapped mcgarry , shot him and dumped his body off of a highway . ' he is 100 percent innocent , ' brooks said outside court . testing showed dna found at the crime scene did not come from hanline or his alleged accomplice . in addition , prosecutors withheld evidence that should have been disclosed to hanline 's legal team during the trial . hanline 's conviction was overturned and he was freed from prison on november 24 after prosecutors told a judge doubts had been raised about the case . however , he had been required to wear a gps ankle bracelet and had faced the possibility of a retrial . a ventura county superior court judge dismissed the charges at the request of prosecutors , telling the courtroom it was done because the allegations ca n't be proven beyond a reasonable doubt . prosecutors are still investigating who might have killed mcgarry , who had ties to a motorcycle gang , he said . hanline is at least the third person in recent years to be freed from a california prison after serving long sentences for murder . last fall susan mellen , a 59-year-old mother of three , was freed after spending 17 years in prison for the death of a homeless man in lawndale . a los angeles county judge said she was convicted on the word of a liar . in 2013 , kash register was freed after spending 34 years in prison . the judge said prosecutors used false testimony from an alleged eyewitness . in 2007 , timothy atkins was freed after spending 20 years in prison for a 1987 robbery and murder in los angeles . a key witness who claimed she heard him confess recanted her testimony .