kevin bowes , 53 , lost several teeth and had nine ' avoidable ' dental procedures at the hands of dr nicholas crees at his guisborough practice . a man whose teeth were reduced to ' apple cores ' has won £30,000 in damages from his former dentist , after suffering more than a decade of dental neglect . kevin bowes lost several teeth , had four ' avoidable ' root canal treatments and five ' avoidable ' crowns fitted at the hands of dr nicholas crees at his practice in guisborough , north yorkshire . the semi-retired teacher at a specialist children 's unit said his life had been changed forever , revealing he will need years of remedial treatment to fix the extensive decay . the 53-year-old , from guisborough , said : ' i feel completely let down by dr crees . ' i was devastated , i had no idea my teeth were in such a bad condition . ' he allowed my teeth to deteriorate so badly over the decade i visited him and all the time with a smile and a friendly demeanour which made you feel you were in good hands . ' how wrong i was . ' his family had been patients of mr crees for more than 10 years when in january 2013 , a friend suggested his wife visited a different dentist for a second opinion . and when mr bowes went to see the new dentist , he was given a devastating diagnosis . he added : ' the other dentist told me that i had decay in a number of teeth and would need lots of treatment to repair them . ' i had more x-rays than i care to remember and my teeth were so decayed the dentist described them as ' apple cores ' . ' before becoming a teacher i had been a successful entertainer and singer , full of confidence . ' however i have been advised that my treatment does not end here and i am likely to need ongoing treatment for years . ' it 's really knocked my confidence and has changed my life forever . ' after the extent of the decay was revealed , mr bowes instructed specialist dental negligence solicitors , the dental law partnership , which secured a £30,000 payout following a two-year legal battle with dr crees . mr bowes has won £30,000 in an out-of-court settlement after a two-year battle with dr crees . kate chadwick , associate solicitor at the dental law partnership , said : ' kevin has been the victim of mistreatment by his dentist for years . ' this decade of neglect was a real catalogue of errors with dr nicholas crees failing to diagnose and treat decay and carrying out extractions without informed consent . ' fortunately he visited another dentist for a second opinion who immediately spotted the problem , otherwise , left untreated mr bowes may well have lost more of his teeth . ' dr crees , who , despite the out of court settlement has not admitted liability , said that due to patient confidentiality it would be inappropriate for him to comment on the case at this time .  