five nursing students tragically died early on wednesday in a chain-reaction crash in southeast georgia that authorities said began when a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic . those killed were traveling on interstate 16 near savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash . the tractor-trailer plowed into an suv , then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames , said sgt . 1st class chris nease of the georgia state patrol . the big truck came to a halt after slamming into the back of a tanker . scroll down for video . tragedy : a georgia state trooper works the scene of a deadly crash in which five nursing students from georgia southern university died wednesday morning . victims : abbie deloach ( left ) , of savannah , and emily clark , of powder springs , ( right ) were among the five young women killed in the horrific crash . sad : caitlynn baggett ( left ) , of millen , and catherine mckay pittman , of alpharetta , ( right ) were also killed . terrible loss : leesburg woman morgan bass was also killed in the horrific crash . all five of the dead were nursing students at georgia southern university in statesboro , about 30 miles from the crash site . st. joseph's/ candler health system said the students were commuting to st. joseph 's hospital in savannah for their last day of clinical training of the school year . ' the loss of any student , especially in a tragic way , is particularly painful , ' brooks keel , president of georgia southern , said in a statement . ' losing five students is almost incomprehensible . ' the georgia state patrol said three people also were injured and seven vehicles were damaged . the crash occurred at about 6 a.m. in bryan county , about 20 miles west of savannah . traffic was heavy at that hour because an unrelated wreck about a mile ahead that forced motorists to slow , nease said . ' traffic was sort of stop-and-go when the tractor-trailer came along and struck one of the passenger vehicles in the rear , ' nease said . ' we 're still trying to piece it all together . it 's a terrible day . ' the university said the students were all georgia residents in their junior year - emily clark of powder springs , morgan bass of leesburg , abbie deloach of savannah , catherine pittman of alpharetta and caitlyn baggett of millen . ages were n't given . hospital officials said they were wrapping up clinical training for the year . mangled : the five women , all of them juniors , were driving separately in two vehicles that were both mangled in the accident . terrible accident : the georgia state patrol said three people also were injured and seven vehicles were damaged . ' you could tell they really loved what they did , ' sherry danello , the hospital 's chief nursing officer , said in a statement . ' they did n't just go through the task , they really connected to the patients . ' the crash halted some motorists for more than six hours as road crews and tow trucks cleared the wreckage . even when traffic began moving again , troopers kept a 6-mile stretch of eastbound i-16 closed as they investigated . nease said the driver of the tractor-trailer had not been cited as investigators worked to determine exactly what happened . the driver 's name was not immediately released . state troopers said weather did n't seem to be a factor . ' there was no fog or smoke . it was clear as a bell , ' said sgt . chris rodewolt of the state patrol . ' we did have heavy , heavy traffic . ' two mangled passenger vehicles rested wednesday at the bottom of an embankment beside the interstate . in front of them , just off the highway , was a tractor-trailer with its cab smashed into the back of a tanker truck . it is with a heavy heart that i inform you of a tragedy that took place this morning . several georgia southern students died and two were injured in an early morning crash on i-16 eastbound near savannah . we are unable to release the names of these students at this time because we are awaiting notification to families . every one of our students contributes in no small measure , to the eagle nation . the loss of any student , especially in a tragic way , is particularly painful . losing five students is almost incomprehensible . our hearts go out to the families , friends and classmates of these students . the university flag will fly at half-staff thursday in their memory . memorial arrangements are pending . let me urge those particularly touched by this tragedy to avail themselves of counseling services , and i urge all members of the university community to support each other during this time . source : wbtw .  