this is the dramatic moment a caravan is totally destroyed after its impatient driver loses control while trying to overtake a lorry . the motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the a39 between street and glastonbury in somerset on tuesday morning after becoming stuck behind the hgv for several miles . the driver gambled on finally passing lorry driver , nick townley , at a set of lights but badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph . an impatient driver who attempted to overtake a lorry lost control and destroyed the caravan he was towing . the dramatic moment was captured on dash cam by the hgv driver that the motorist had tried to overtake . he swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost , smashing the rear into smithereens and spilling the contents across the road . the car ended on the opposite side of the road - forcing oncoming traffic to slam on their brakes - with what remained of the caravan still attached . the moment was captured on camera by a dash cam fitted to the cab of 49-year-old mr townley 's lorry . he had been slowly accelerating his 22-tonne truck to nearly 30mph when the collision happened and managed to perform an emergency stop inside just 20 yards . the driver had been stuck behind the 22-tonne lorry for several miles and gambled on overtaking after a set of traffic lights . but he appeared to misjudge the gap and collided with the front of the lorry 's cab . he swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost , smashing the rear into smithereens and spilling the contents across the road . the accident closed the road for several hours as police cleared up the debris and questioned the driver . mr townley , from haverfordwest , pembrokeshire , who has been an hgv driver for 24 years , said he was so shaken by the accident he had difficulty sleeping that night . he said : ' i was stopped at the lights and there was one car by the side of me , the red one . ' there was a box van behind me which had been there from the time just after i came off the m5 . ' we pulled off from the lights . as i was going through the gears the red car passed me . ' i looked in the mirror and saw the box van was not trying to pass ... but less than 8 to 10 seconds later i glanced in the mirror as something caught my attention . the lorry driver , nick townley , was so shaken by the accident he had difficulty sleeping that night . mr townley posted his dramatic footage on facebook where scores of people condemned the caravan driver . ' this is when i hit the horn and the brakes as hard as i could . i stopped the lorry in around 20 yards and got up on the kerb as much as i dare . ' i was not trying to block him out as some people suggest - he came through the lights at about 50 mph . ' he posted his dramatic footage on facebook where scores of people condemned the caravan driver . the accident closed the road for several hours as police cleared up the debris and questioned the driver . no one is thought to have been seriously injured in the crash .