dutch football made a killing in the stock market this week . yet its rise was not because psv eindhoven won their first eredivisie title since 2008 , ending ajax 's four-year reign . it was down to memphis depay , who scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm their 22nd championship in holland . it turned heads at manchester united . yet jim lawlor , their chief scout , had been doing his homework long before depay reached the total which louis van gaal holds in such high regard . psv eindhoven 's memphis depay celebrates with the trophy after securing the eredivisie championship . depay ( left ) and psv team-mate georginio wijnaldum ( right ) celebrate with the eredivisie trophy . psv manager phillip cocu ( left ) and top goalscorer depay ( right ) clinched the title with three games to spare . 20 – memphis depay ( winger ) . 19 – luuk de jong ( striker ) . 16 – michiel kramer ( striker ) . 14 – michael de leeuw ( striker ) . 14 – mark uth ( striker ) . the manager announced in february he lacked a striker who could score 20 goals . if a 21-year-old can do it from the wing in 27 appearances , albeit in holland rather than england , is that not worth a £25million investment ? manchester united think so , and they are not alone . from ' official talks ' with liverpool , to ' discussions ' with paris saint-germain , to a not-so-secret meeting in manchester . depay has been busy , and no wonder . he is the eredivisie 's top goalscorer , without even being psv 's main forward . his 20 goals have contributed 12 points , which just so happens to be the difference between them and second-placed ajax . yet not many people had heard of depay , particularly before the 2014 world cup , so why the sudden case of rubbing hands together ? how depay could look for manchester united should he make his £25m move to old trafford this summer . depay pictured in action during psv 's title-winning victory against heerenveen last weekend at home . depay is the eredivisie 's top goalscorer with 20 , without even being psv 's main forward in their attack . depay was understood to have held a meeting in manchester as he nears his £25m move with louis van gaal . first , his background . he has ' dream chaser ' tattooed across his chest , and ' successful ' inked on the inside of his lower lip . joining the iconic manchester united brand would not contradict either , particularly given his difficult childhood . as a four-year-old , his parents separated . in 2012 , after turning 18 , he dropped ' depay ' from the back of his shirt as a snub to his absent father . raised by his mother in the southern dutch town of moordrecht , he grew up in ' a small village where there is not much to do ' , so says gigi , a childhood friend of depay 's . yet some of the greatest footballers were created in such places . take arsenal 's alexis sanchez , for example . he grew up in poverty-stricken rural chile in a mining town called tocopilla – literal meaning devil 's corner . with depay poised to join the barclays premier league , talk is of him being paid the same as sanchez – £130,000 a week . yet the man handed his holland debut just 18 months ago by van gaal remains relatively unknown . the manager sees something in him . as a player , depay can be used as a makeshift forward , and has been likened to cristiano ronaldo by psv manager phillip cocu and ajax great ronald de boer . he 's fast-paced , tricky , and physical . a left winger who cuts inside with a powerful right foot – not unlike his counterpart and compatriot arjen robben . his specialty is free-kicks . five of his 20 goals were from dead-ball situations – his latest against heerenveen seven days ago , when psv were crowned champions with three games to spare . his talents are n't new to those in holland , however . nobody in eredivisie completed more dribbles ( 101 ) last season , and he created the second-most chances ( 87 ) , too . depay has ' dream chaser ' tattooed across his chest , and ' successful ' inked on the inside of his lower lip . depay celebrates with his holland team-mate arjen robben during the 2014 world cup in brazil . memphis , a right-footed left-winger , celebrates with his counterpart robben , a left-footed right-winger . it is exactly what manchester united need , given they have created fewer chances ( 332 ) than queens park rangers ( 342 ) and tottenham hotspur ( 352 ) this season . it led to his potential being recognised by europe 's heavyweights during the summer . called up , the then-20-year-old 's goal against australia made him the youngest dutch scorer in the history of the world cup , taking over from boudewijn zenden at france '98 . that was depay 's first goal in brazil , before his second against chile – the same total england 's squad managed as a collective in group d . when holland used a 4-3-3 formation , he got the nod to join robben and robin van persie in a three-pronged attack . he had four shots , with 100 per cent accuracy , and scored two of them . already a disciple of louis van gaal 's philosophy , it seems . compare depay to manchester united 's other forwards – wayne rooney , van persie , radamel falcao and james wilson – and he blitzes the averages of the rest . he scores a goal every 115.2 minutes ( with van persie nearest on 119.3 ) . he creates a chance every 41.9 minutes ( with rooney nearest on 62.5 ) . he makes a run every 14.9 minutes ( with rooney , again , nearest on 37.1 ) . and so on . how depay could look for manchester united ( left ) and the winger playing last week for psv ( right ) . old trafford forwards wayne rooney ( from left to right ) , robin van persie , radamel falcao and james wilson . and yet , he is not the complete package . not quite . he has been labelled greedy by some , averaging a shot every 19.9 minutes , having had 277 in 79 appearances in eredivisie in the last three seasons . even gareth bale , the supposed ball-hog at real madrid , averages fewer ( 24.3 minutes per shot ) . as is understandable with young players , his decision-making leaves a lot to be desired , too . he needs teaching , perhaps by his former national manager in manchester . depay would n't be the first to leave psv for the premier league , or even old trafford for that matter , after all . thursday marked 14 years since sir alex ferguson signed ruud van nistelrooy from psv for a then-british transfer record of £19m . the striker went on to make 150 appearances , scoring 95 goals , averaging one every 128.2 minutes . a success . depay would n't be the first to leave psv for the premier league , or manchester united for that matter . ruud van nistelrooy ( left ) joined manchester united from psv , while mateja kezman ( right ) joined chelsea . three years after one psv great arrived , another followed . yet mateja kezman had little impact in the premier league with chelsea . he made just 25 appearances , scoring four goals with no assists , averaging one every 184.5 minutes . a dud . depay could do worse than join the project at manchester united . the premier league can be as unforgiving as it is rewarding when it comes to potential-laden youngsters . they more often than not get found out , as £20m brazilian anderson was . yet depay can strive for great things , if his statistics are anything to go by , and putting it on the pitch at old trafford could be the next challenge for the ' dream chaser ' . depay could soon be joining the premier league as he looks set to sign for manchester united for £25m .