ever since the iphone 3gs launched in 2009 , apple has followed a new handset one year with a marginally-different 's ' version the year after . but rumours suggest it is about to abandon these plans by skipping the launch of a 6s this autumn in favour of going straight for the iphone 7 . this difference may seem slight , but it suggests the next model of iphone could be substantial improvement on iphone 6 range , and rumours have hinted towards new features such as force touch . rumours suggest apple is about to abandon the 6s later this year in favour of going straight for the iphone 7 . this difference may seem slight but it suggests the next model of iphone could be substantial improvement on iphone 6 range ( pictured ) , and rumours have hinted towards new features . the claims were made by kgi securities analyst ming-chi kuo during a note to investors on tuesday , reports macrumors . he said the next-generation iphone will feature force touch , recently added to the apple watch and new macbook . apple describes force touch as the ' most significant new sensing capability ' since multi‑touch . it recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures , but it additionally tracks the pressure of a person 's click and responds accordingly . the claims were made by kgi securities analyst ming-chi kuo who said the next-generation iphone will feature force touch , recently added to the apple watch and new macbook ( pictured ) . it recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures , but additionally tracks the pressure of a click and responds accordingly . apple released its ios 8.3 update yesterday . and in addition to 300 new emojis , including the much-anticipated ' racially diverse ' people icons , apple also rolled out wi-fi calling on more networks . people on sprint in the us and ee in the uk can now use their iphones to make calls using the web . wi-fi calling routes calls through a wi-fi network instead of using mobile signal , which can be notoriously temperamental . calls made over wi-fi do n't use minutes or data and can be used to make free calls when roaming . apple added the option in ios 8 in september , although it was only used by t-mobile at that time . ee launched the uk 's first wi-fi calling service earlier this week on the lumia 640 and samsung 's galaxy s6 and s6 edge . although services such as skype and viber offer calls over wi-fi , wi-fi calling does n't require an app and uses the handset 's built-in dialler and contact list . this means gestures and tracking feel more intuitive and are more responsive . and on the watch this feature is used to access more options in menus , for example . if force touch is added to the next iphone , mr kuo said the change will be significant enough to warrant apple adding the 7 moniker to any new handsets . this follows recent rumours which suggested a 4-inch version of the iphone 6 is in development to replace the iphone 5c with a lower cost and ' female friendly ' design . the handset will be launched during 2015 , according to chinese rumour site feng.com , and it would complement the current range of larger 4.7 and 5.5-inch screen sizes . in particular , the feng.com report called the new design ' female friendly ' , alluding to the fact women typically have smaller hands than men . this could be known as the iphone 6c , or based on mr kuo 's predictions , the iphone 7c . the larger handsets were extremely well received and became apple 's fastest-selling product to date , selling more than 10 million units within the first three days . many doubted how successful a large screen iphone would be , claiming it was too big but the recent sales figures show the 6 plus is outselling every other ' phablet ' in the us . despite being on the market for just a single month of the three months ending october 2014 , the iphone 6 plus captured 41 per cent of ' phablet ' sales . this follows recent rumours which suggested a 4-inch version of the iphone 6 is in development to replace the iphone 5c ( pictured ) with a lower cost and a more ' female friendly ' design . this could be known as the iphone 6c , or based on mr kuo 's predictions , the iphone 7c . apple released its ios 8.3 update yesterday . in addition to 300 new emojis , including the much-anticipated ' racially diverse ' people icons ( pictured ) , apple also rolled out wi-fi calling on more networks . people on sprint in the us and ee in the uk can now use their iphones to make calls using the web . 