a new video of rihanna at the coachella music festival appears to show the star preparing a suspicious substance and holding her nose . the clip , posted on instagram and quickly deleted , show the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her . after the camera cuts to her friends , it then pans back to rihanna holding her nose for several seconds . scroll down for videos . what 's going on ? in this video , posted to instagram , rihanna can be seen holding a suspicious object . something to tell us rihanna ? after the camera cuts to her pals , it then pans back to rihanna holding her nose for several seconds . is she living up to her name ? rihanna calls herself badgalriri on instagram but it 's not clear exactly what she was up to in this video . while the video was quickly removed from instagram , rihanna later shared a similar video on her own page , which shows a brief clip of her holding the supposed tube in her hands . speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video . the instagram account fly.xhuksta shared the video and wrote : ' check out the coke head i aint suprised doe alot of yall girl be coke heads on the lowski . ' rihanna 's response : it has been claimed rihanna posted this comment on instagram in response to claims that she was taking hard drugs . what 's that in your hand ? it 's unclear exactly what rihanna was holding as she partied with her pals . partying with her girls : the singer was partying at coachella in what appeared to be a vip trailer . however , according to complex.com , rihanna quickly hit back to insist it was just a joint , by posting a comment on the users account . rihanna is believed to have written : 'n***a your lame ass got some f**king nerve ! ! ! any fool could see that 's a joint that i 'm basing with cigarette ! who tf snorts tobacco ? ? ! ! foh witcho `` never been to a rodeo so someone squeezing their nose means they 're doing coke '' lookin ass ! ! ( sic ) ' twitter quickly lit up with speculation as to what exactly was going on in the videos . posted by rhianna : while the original video was quickly removed from instagram , rihanna later shared a similar video on her own page , which shows a brief clip of rihanna holding the supposed tube in her hands . what is happening ? speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video but apart from an alleged instagram comment , rihanna is keeping mum . king anthony ‏ @ trillac_ wrote : ' rihanna look like a chick that would try anything . nothing shocking about her doing coke at all ' and @ eyeduzdis added : ' call me crazy , but is rihanna doing coke in the background ? `` @ sirrthotsalot : ' @ blackboymiah : said ' lmao , there 's no legit proof rihanna is doing coke rn , everyone 's being extra rn , ' ‏ @ outofleftfield_ wrote : ' rihanna was caught on video snorting coke . could 've been worse . she could 've been caught on video singing , ' while @ allpinksparkle mused : ' lmao to people who think rihanna doing coke would lessen the love . mi love har same weh . @ officiallie__me put forward another theory , saying : ' am i the only one that does n't think rihanna was sniffing coke ... . ? it looks like she was rolling a blunt to me , ' while @ monamakaveli said : ' that video of rihanna doing coke . she lit . ' joking around : after some people on twitter speculated that rihanna could be taking coke , she posted this picture to instagram . girls ' night out : rihanna was joined by her gal pals who danced around while she was occupied at a table . letting loose : rihanna was enjoying herself at the famed coachella arts and music festival in indio , california . not her first coachella controversy : in 2012 she found herself at the centre of a new scandal after posting a picture of herself ' cutting up ' a white powered substance on the top of a man 's head . living it up : the image saw rihanna on the shoulders of a mystery man . and @ yovabundra worried about how young people would react , writing : rihanna does coke which is n't surprising since celebrity but rihanna doing coke is gon na make a whole lot of stupid kids think coke is cool . ' this is not the first time rihanna has found herself mired in controversy at coachella . in 2012 she found herself at the centre of a new scandal after posting a picture of herself ' cutting up ' a white powered substance on the top of a man 's head . the singer posted the picture on photo-sharing website instagram from her time at the music festival . the image , which saw rihanna - real name robyn fenty - on the shoulders of a mystery man , was accompanied by the caption ' memories do n't live like people do # coachella ' . rihanna posted two pictures of herself on the shoulders of the man , with another close-up shot of the substance on his head . fans posted over 1000 comments on the snaps , claiming that the star ' rolled a blunt on that dude 's head ' , referring to marijuana , but others questioned if the substance was cocaine . one fan questioned : ' is that weed or coke ? ' , while others commended her for being so open , saying : ' priceless i love this girl ' . dance party : rihanna danced along to ex-boyfriend drake 's headline set on sunday night as she headed over to the main stage to watch him at coachella . provocative : the sultry singer wore only a tribal necklace to cover her chest and highlighted her frame in skintight leggings . insta glam : rihanna shared a number of photographss of her coachella weekend with her instagram followers . with the girls : the singer and her pals relaxed at the coachella base on saturday . festival style : the star showed off her inking and her coachella style in the snaps . she 's got style : rihanna showed off her pink and orange boots as she rode to another day of music .