these are the amazing scenes as high school girls in china are put through their paces with military-style dagger drills . each of the girls shout the words ' kill , stab , slash and jab ' as they perform each of the eight set movements involved in the high-intensity knife-fighting session . according to the people 's daily online , the girls of the 27th march huizhou integrated high school are being trained by former special forces solider inspector tan . the 68 girls involved in the training are all aged between 16 and 18 , however in a concession to safety , the knives are not real . school official huang anruo said : ' the daggers are fake . the school purchased them in bulk and they pose no danger to students . ' every female student undergoes some form of self-defence training . according to instructor tan : ' if faced with real danger our female students can use any sharp object to hand to handle the attacker . chopsticks and forks for instance . ' the girls aged between 16 and 18 are receiving intensive instruction in how to use a knife form a former special forces solider . the knives each have retractable blades to prevent injury , but the girls are being taught techniques which could save their lives . the first 68 of the girls underwent their five-day training session with instructor tan at the 27th march huizhou integrated high school . every female student at the school will undergo some form of self-defence training to assist them in identifying dangerous situations . instructor tan said the girls , once trained , will be able to use any sharp implement to defend themselves in future including chopsticks . the school has purchased 250 of the knives , which have a plastic retractable blade and according to officials are entirely safe . the girls are all shown a series of eight moves which will enable them to defend themselves against a determined attacker . the girls are all encourage to shout ' kill , stab , slash and jab ' while they work their way through the various self-defence movements . the training , which takes five days , is proving incredibly popular with the girls who learn the latest self-defence techniques .