a woman 's life was saved after her doctor discovered she had stomach cancer during prep for gastric bypass surgery . rachel sandridge , 29 , from maryland , says she was shocked at the unexpected diagnosis but thankful to her diligent doctor . sandridge was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs . rachel sandridge , 29 , from maryland , was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430 pounds.. but durring the prep her doctor discovered she had cancer . pictured : sandridge ( left ) before surgery and after . she had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy , to examine her digestive tract to ensure it was all healthy . but it was during the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample . sandridge was then told cancer had been found in her stomach . the cancer diagnosis was even more devastating as only two years earlier her father has died from cancer . pictured , at his funeral in 2012 . sandridge before the operation . she is now cancer-free and has dropped her weight from about 430lbs to about 288lbs , including about 50lbs before her gastric bypass . stomach cancer is a relatively rare form of the disease , with fewer than 25,000 cases annually in the us . the early symptoms are vague and easy to mistake for other , less serious conditions . they include : persistent indigestion and heartburn , trapped wind and frequent burping , feeling very full or bloated after meals , persistent stomach pain . as the disease develops , more advanced symptoms include : blood in your stools , or black stools loss of appetite weight loss . in many cases , due to the face the early symptoms are so similar to other conditions , the disease is often advanced by the time it is detected . it is vital people suffering the early symptoms get checked by their doctor as soon as possible . there are different types of stomach cancer - 95 per cent of cases develop in the cells of the stomach lining - known as adenocarcinoma of the stomach . less common forms of the disease include lymphoma of the stomach , which develops in the lymphatic tissue and gastrointestinal stromal tumours , which develop in the muscle of the stomach wall . around 15 per cent of stomach cancer patients live at least five years after diagnosis , and around 11 per cent live for 10 years . source : nhs choices . stomach cancer is a relatively rare form of the disease , with fewer than 25,000 cases annually in the us . the early symptoms are vague and easy to mistake for other , less serious conditions . ' it did n't fully click . i was scared and really nervous , ' sandridge told abc . the news was even more devastating as only two years earlier her father has died from cancer . ' i know the toll it puts on you , ' sandridge said . she underwent a second during which the tumor itself and further cells were scrapped . the tumor was reviewed and sandridge was told the cancer had been caught at an early state and it had not spread through the muscle wall . sandridge did not need any chemotherapy or radiation and is now cancer-free . she has dropped her 10 dress sizes and weighs about 288lbs , and has more energy than before . sandridge has had to adjust her diet following the operation as gastric bypass is a major surgical procedure , which changes eating and dietary habits dramatically . after surgery , the patients can no longer hold large quantities of food , but need to eat smaller amounts at regular intervals . the patients also need to eat in a different way as foods rich in fat , sugar and fibre may cause discomfort in the smaller stomach . ' if i 'd not gone through with the [ weight loss ] surgery when i did , things would be 100 percent different , ' she said to the baltimore sun . ' my cancer would have probably spread and it would have been too late to have had anything done about it . ' 