a stunning bride rode to her wedding on the horse she saved from dying of starvation . sally white , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water . his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days . but sally 's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed - and the pair have become inseparable . a stunning bride rode to her wedding on the horse she saved from dying of starvation . sally white , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water . when sally married surveyor mark white . 30 , she wanted the horse called miller to play a part in her wedding celebrations . sally said : ' miller and i are a team - i needed him with me on my big day . ' i rode him to church and i even had a model of miller on my wedding cake . ' it was touch and go whether he would survive when he was rescued by the rspca three years ago . ' but just look at him now - he 's magnificent . ' when sally married surveyor mark white . 30 , she wanted the horse called miller to play a part in her wedding celebrations . she says : ' i rode him to church and i even had a model of miller on my wedding cake , ' the rspca were called in to rescue the 15.2 hands cob abandoned in a field in swansea , south wales , three years ago . sally 's dramatic entrance at the church was slightly ruined when it poured with rain - putting a dampener on the wedding pictures . so she put her white wedding gown on again a week later and brought in a specialist equine photographer to take the stunning snaps which she will treasure forever . the rspca were called in to rescue the 15.2 hands cob abandoned in a field in swansea , south wales , three years ago . he was malnourished , had severe anaemia and struggled to stand up because he was so weak . miller was taken to the rspca 's gonsal farm equine welfare and rehabilitation centre in shrewsbury where sally works as a groom - and it was love at first sight . sally said : ' he was in a terrible state after being abandoned in a field with no water and only brambles to eat . when sally first found miller his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days . ' i adopted him and after a lot of tender love and care he put his weight back on and turned out to be a very good pupil . ' sally trained the six-year-old horse in the arts of dressage and she now competes with him in the british championships . she said : ' he took to dressage straight away - he 's won lots of rosettes and everywhere he goes people love him . he 's become a real star . ' he was on his best behaviour for my wedding day and when we took the photographs later he just looked perfect . i felt very proud . ' the rspca hope miller 's story will encourage others to adopt mistreated horses , ponies and donkeys . gareth johnson , the rspca 's equine rehoming officer for wales , said : ' sally has worked hard with miller and his transformation has been fantastic . ' i am delighted that he has been given a completely new life with sally and it is lovely to see them both together . ' 