a florida man believed to be high on flakka , a designer drug stronger than crystal meth , attacked a police officer after being shocked with a taser twice while claiming he was god , police said . police were called after kenneth crowder , 41 , was seen by a witness on friday running naked through a neighborhood calling himself god . he was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree . crowder was arrested in melbourne , facing charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer , resisting with violence , and assault with a deadly weapon on a law-enforcement officer . kennth crowder was arrested in melbourne , florida , on friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood claiming he was god . when police arrived on scene , he had put on jeans and a t-shirt and walked toward the officer in an aggressive manner as he called himself god , police told wkmg . a police officer shocked him with a taser twice , but each time he pulled the probes out of his body and attempted to fight the officer . the officer then punched crowder in the face and he fought back , claiming he was thor and attempting to stab the officer with his own police badge . more officers eventually came to the scene and helped handcuff and shackle crowder . he was booked into brevard county jail complex and later posted bond to be released . flakka , which can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana , is usually made from the chemical alpha-pvp . that 's the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone , the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts . crowder was arrested on charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer , resisting with violence , and assault with a deadly weapon on a law-enforcement officer . flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell , according to wpbf 25 news . once ingested , the drug causes a feeling of euphoria , hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or apparent superhuman strength . the high lasts for a couple hours and users are left with a strong desire to use again . users have nicknamed the drug ' $ 5 insanity ' because hits often cost less than $ 10 , according to the sun-sentinel . there were more than 670 flakka occurrences in florida in 2014 , up from 85 in 2012 and zero in 2010 , according to the drug enforcement administration . 