wladimir klitschko has reached rare territory among heavyweight champions . now , in his ninth year as champion , klitschko is catching joe louis and larry holmes in successful defences . when klitschko faces bryant jennings on april 25 at new york 's madison square garden , he will risk his heavyweight belt for the 18th time . a win over jennings will place klitschko within one successful defense of holmes but he would still need six additional wins to match louis ' record of 25 . wladimir klitschko works out in the ring in front of the media ahead of his fight against bryant jennings . klitschko lands a right hand during a sparring session in front of the watching media in florida . ' with all respect to louis and larry holmes , they 're icons for me , i do n't want to be compared with them because they are fighters i always have looked up to , ' klitschko said . ' as an outsider ( media ) can observe the fights and title defenses , you keep track . i 'm an insider . ' nonetheless , klitschko has made deep inroads during his second heavyweight stint that began with a seventh-round technical knockout win over chris byrd for a sanctioning body title in april 2006 . rocky marciano , muhammad ali or mike tyson never enjoyed a title run as long as the native of ukraine and part-time hollywood , florida resident . ' my mind is in a tunnel ; i 'm getting ready for the next bout , ' klitschko said . ' and i 'm excited about the challenge . i do not compare myself with the records of those guys - joe louis and larry holmes . i just enjoy my game . ' klitschko built the impressive streak of title defences at a time when american heavyweights have faded from contention . until deontay wilder 's victory over bermane stiverne on january 17 , no american held a piece of the heavyweight title since 2006 . klitschko is closing in on the record number of defences of the heavyweight title set by joe louis . victory for the ukrainian will take him to within one win of larry holmes ' 19 defences . wilder looks for a lengthy reign while jennings , of philadelphia , seeks to tilt the division 's power more toward to its once-dominant base . ' every opponent is different and we will see how bryant jennings can hold the pressure , ' klitschko said . ' as my former coach , emmanuel steward said , `on fight night , when you step into the ring , welcome to big time boxing . ' ' how is bryant jennings going to hold to big-time boxing and get along with that ? we 'll see . ' jennings earned the opportunity to face klitschko after his split-decision victory over fellow contender mike perez last july . ' bryant jennings is going to bring a lot of excitement and a lot of energy into the ring , ' klitschko said . ' this fight is going to be nothing but exciting . ' jennings defends his unbeaten record when he takes on klitschko later this month in new york . klitschko is keen to face deontay wilder ( left ) in a unification clash later in his career . klitschko believes boxing is enjoying a revival . attention toward the sport has increased with the build-up to the mega-fight between welterweight champions floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2 in las vegas . and klitschko also predicts a future unification bout between him and wilder would be appealing to fight fans that distanced themselves from the heavyweight division after tyson 's retirement . ' the demand is shifting back and forth and during the time when boxing was less popular in the heavyweight division , because of the lack of good ( american ) prospects , it shifted to europe , ' said klitschko , who will make his first us appearance in seven years . ' you can not say boxing was dead or unpopular . the attention shifted to different continents . and now the demand for boxing is big and i 'm really excited to be back in the states . ' i believe deontay is an extremely talented athlete . we 've sparred enough that we know each other well . i believe a unification fight is something the public wants . '