recently released dashcam footage from a florida police car taken in september of 2013 shows an unarmed black man being shot four times after he was followed while he rode a bicycle . dontrell stephens did n't die after he was shot by palm beach county sheriff 's office deputy adam lin , but the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting . the only item stephens had on his person when he was shot was a cellphone . dashcam footage from a florida cop car taken in september of 2013 shows dontrell stephens being followed . stephens ( center ) was shot by palm beach county sheriff 's office deputy adam lin and is now paralyzed . deputy lin fired his gun four times at stephens even though the then-20-year-old had a cellphone , not a gun . in the video obtained by wptv , stephens can be seen pulling his bike over next to a house after he realized he was being followed . stephens has a record for possessing cocaine . stephens walked toward the deputy with his phone in his hand and was shot four times just seconds later . it looked like stephens was running away from lin when he was shot . after the shooting deputy lin said : ' he starts backing away . ' ' i said , ' get on the ground , get on the ground . '' the shooting was ruled to be justified and lin returned to work four days later . the clip of stephens , who had previously been arrested for cocaine , was released as part of a lawsuit against the palm beach county sheriff 's office . the office has been involved in 114 shootings since 2000 . lin 's internal affairs file contains ' numerous use of force reports , citizen complaints and incident reviews ' , according to the lawsuit . he started working for the pbso in 2004 and served for ten months in afghanistan beginning in 2007 . the attorney who filed suit on stephens ' behalf , jack scarola , said there were issues with the statements given by lin and the other deputy involved in the shooting . scarola said : ' there are no records of any commands ever made to dontrell stephens . ' the deputy 's recorded statements following the shooting were absolutely false . internal affairs completely ignored that evidence . ' video of the shooting was released as part of a lawsuit filed against the palm beach county sheriff 's office .