an arkansas woman who has become the world 's oldest living person wants president barack obama to attend her 117th birthday party on the fourth of july . at 116 , gertrude weaver was already the oldest person in america . with the death of 117-year-old misao okawa in japan on wednesday , weaver became the world 's oldest person , according to the los angeles-based gerontology research group . scroll down for video . gertrude weaver , 116 , of camden , arkansas , attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair . the staff at the silver oaks health and rehabilitation center in camden , about 100 miles southwest of little rock , said weaver is in good health . they say she attributes her longevity to treating others well . weaver would like to meet the president at her birthday party because she has voted for him twice . ' i treat everyone the way i want to be treated , ' weaver told reporters on her 116th birthday when she received a letter from president obama . weaver , born on july 4 , 1898 , exercises in her wheelchair three times a week and eats three meals a day at the facility 's dining room . the daughter of sharecroppers was born in arkansas near the texas border and worked as a domestic helper . gertrude weaver , right , of camden , arkansas , became the world 's oldest person on wednesday following the death of japanese woman misao okawa who died at the age of 117 on wednesday . after retiring , she lived with her granddaughter and moved to silver oaks health & rehabilitation center in 2009 when her granddaughter had health problems , the facility 's administrator kathy langley said . ' she 's an absolutely amazing lady , ' langley said . weaver 's 93-year-old son visits on a regular basis . ' she said she has been blessed with a long and healthy life because of the way she has treated others , ' langley said . misao okawa , a japanese woman recognized as the world 's oldest person who credited her longevity to ' eating delicious things ' and getting plenty of rest , died at the age of 117 on wednesday , japanese media reported . okawa was recognized by the guinness book of world records as the world 's oldest person in june 2013 when jiroemon kimura , also from japan , died at the age of 116 years and 54 days . rosa camfield died on monday . the 101-year-old arizona woman had recently become an internet celebrity after appearing in a photo tenderly holding her newborn great-granddaughter . also this week an 101-year-old arizona woman who 'd only just recently become an internet celebrity after appearing in a photo tenderly holding her newborn great-granddaughter died . rosa camfield . who was born in june of 1913 , died on monday . since appearing on the popular facebook page life of dad , she 's received millions of likes and comments from around the world . ' grandma was always happy , i mean , she was smart as a whip , even at 101 , ' camfield 's granddaughter sarah hamm , 33 , told abc news on tuesday . ' she was funny and had lots of stories . ' hamm originally posted the photo a week before her grandmother 's death after taking her daughter , then 2-week-old kaylee , to meet camfield . ' it was actually the day she was being released in the hospital , so we were hoping that grandma would get to meet her , ' hamm said .