the conservative know that they need to turn large parts of the country blue on may 7 . and the camerons seemed to have taken it rather too literally , with both david and samantha getting stuck in with blue paint while on the campaign trail . while mr cameron was messing about with boris johnson in surbiton , his wife was 200 miles away in west yorkshire giving a lick of paint to a charity project . scroll down for video . samantha cameron picked up a paintbrush to help at the growing zone allotment project , a community project for children and adults with special needs . the prime minister 's wife was campaigning with conservative candidate alec shelbrooke ( centre ) in the seat of elmet and rothwell . mrs cameron has made several solo appearances during the election campaign in key seats , today supporting tory candidate alec shelbrooke in elmet and rothwell . she visited the growing zone , an allotment garden project for adults and children with special needs in kippax , west yorkshire . she was introduced to various activities by june perkin , who founded the scheme seven years ago after getting disillusioned by aimless families and youngsters she watched in a leeds shopping centre one afternoon . mrs cameron was even persuaded to help paint a wooden plant stand , which is being reconditioned and brought back into use by the volunteers and children . mrs cameron was introduced to various activities by june perkin , who founded the scheme seven years ago after getting disillusioned by aimless families and youngsters she watched in a leeds shopping centre one afternoon . mrs cameron said the best thing about campaigning was ' getting out and about - meeting amazing people like june ' . ' it 's great to be in yorkshire , ' mrs cameron said . ' the best thing about a campaign is getting out and about - meeting amazing people like june . ' the growing zone is an inspiration . it 's been lovely meeting everybody here today and seeing what an amazing job they do changing the lives of so many people with disabilities . ' mrs cameron made her first appearance of the campaign in rochester and strood , which was won in a by-election by ukip 's mark reckless after he defected from the tories last year . she joined her husband on a whistlestop tour of the uk , visiting scotland , wales , england and northern ireland in a single day , and at the weekend the couple visited a sikh temple in gravesend . mrs perkin said of mrs cameron 's visit : ' it was absolutely brill . using the words the kids here use , it was cool . she had a good look round and she was very , very interested . ' she understood everything we 're doing and what we 're about . and the kids loved it . do you see their faces ? ' after taking nine minutes to complete a puzzle , boris johnson and david cameron were relieved to try their hand at hand painting , which they found much easier . the pair were at the nursery in surbiton to promote a tory pledge to double free childcare for working parents of three and four-year-olds to 30 hours a week . describing her inspiration for the project , mrs perkin said she had been sitting on her allotment one night , sipping a gin and tonic and thinking how great the environment was compared with the shopping centre where she had got so angry earlier in the day . she said : ' i just thought that these people here , on the allotment , have got things right . ' there 's no point moping , i may as well get on with it . so i just grabbed a spade and here we are now . ' she said many of the volunteer helpers are retired people who can do as much or as little as they like on the colourful site . there were 3,000 separate visits by children from a wide area last year , mrs perkin said . meanwhile , at a nursery in surbiton , mr cameron and mr johnson were left scratching their heads today as they struggled with a children 's jigsaw teaching toddlers about the seasons . as the london mayor tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands , the prime minister tried out what could be a new election slogan , telling him : ' if in doubt , wedge it in . ' after being put right by a four-year-old who spotted their errors , the pair had more fun finger painting with tory blue paint .