animal abuse : former animal shelter worker catherine lynn smith , 50 ( pictured ) , was arrested tuesday after the bodies of 10 cats and three dogs were found decaying in her home , which had been auctioned off . police came across a sickening scene in macon , georgia this week when they searched the home of a former animal shelter worker . christine lynn smith was arrested on tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decomposing in her former home littered with over 1,000 empty beer cans . the 50-year-old 's home on north pine knoll drive was recently auctioned off , and new homeowner ed harrell was checking out the property in the afternoon when he found a dead dog just inside the doorway and called police . deputies had to completely air out the home , which stenched of ammonia , before proceeding inside to find the decaying bodies of nine more dogs and three cats - most in crates . ' a foul odor came from the home and i observed multiple beer boxes and empty beer cans ( best estimate approximately 1,000 ) , ' deputy paul schoenbeck described in his incident report . ' the odor and ammonia fumes in the home caused me to have to leave the residence to catch my breath and regain balance as i was becoming light headed , ' he added . officials with macon-bibb animal welfare estimate that the animals had been dead for months . the animals ' bodies were apparently so decayed that it was impossible to conduct a necropsy to see how they died . it was also revealed that the 50-year-old had worked at the shelter for two months in 2012 , but had been fired within her six-month probationary period for reasons not disclosed . smith claimed she quit the job , according to a man who knew smith from the local bar scene and spoke with wgxa . robert wilson says he was surprised to hear about her arrest . scroll down for video . house of horror : above , smith 's former home in macon , georgia . despite the fact that it had been auctioned off to a new owner , smith continued to live at the house . police had to air out the home tuesday due to the stench of ammonia . locked up : smith was arrested a macon bar and appeared in court for the first time on wednesday , where she was arraigned on 13 counts of animal cruelty . many of the animals found dead in her home were still in cages . ' what i think happened is , she used to take in a lot of strays from what she told me and she was also having financial difficulties for a while and probably still was , and she was just trying to do the best she could but unfortunately it just turned out that way , ' wilson said . the center 's assistant interim director said that none of the animals found in smith 's home were taken from the animal center . neighbor william hopkins was outside the house when police started removing the bodies . ' they were carrying out cages containing what look like , old dried out leather , ' hopkins told 41 nbc . ' then the stench hit me and it 's like yep , they 're dead all of them . smith appears to have still been living in the home since one of the rooms was cleaner than the rest . a witness also told police that she had seen smith at the house two days prior . the witness ' stated that she knew she was an animal lover and that she worked with rescues , ' according to the incident report . police located smith tuesday evening at a bar in macon , 20 's pub and subs , and charged her with 13 counts of animal cruelty . smith appeared in court for the first time on wednesday , when she was ordered held on $ 74,000 bond , not to take any more animals into her care or carry any weapons . when the judge asked smith if she understood she ca n't adopt any more pets , she said : ' i do n't have any . ' smith 's bond was lowered to $ 15,600 later that afternoon and she posted bail that evening .