tony fernandes spoke of his despair after his queens park rangers team twice threw away a lead against aston villa , with the rangers chairman watching the scenes at villa park from afar on his iphone . christian benteke 's hat-trick earned a draw for villa , with his last goal coming just seven minutes before full-time , and within five minutes of what had looked like a winner from charlie austin . matt phillips had earlier given qpr the lead in the first half but taking all three points was n't to be for the relegation-threatened visitors and they had to settle for a point at villa park . tony fernandes spoke of his despair after his queens park rangers team twice threw away a lead . fernandes , rangers chairman , was watching the 3-3 draw at villa park from his iphone away from the game . taking all three points was n't to be for the relegation-threatened visitors and they had to settle for a point . and fernandes , currently in malaysia , spoke of his experience of a variety of emotions while watching the game from the other side of the world . ' it 's a strange thing thus qpr love , ' he tweeted . ' i went to bed at 1 in the morning . i got up exactly at 2.45 am . no alarm . my heart knew it 's qpr time . ' i watched the game on my iphone all kinds of emotions . despair , disappointment , joy , but most important pride . 4 points from two away games . ' fernandes revealed that richard dunne and leroy fer could return for sunday 's visit of chelsea and that yun suk-young would also return after that game . the character of qpr 's clint hill and chris ramsey were praised by their club 's chairman on twitter . charlie austin looked like he might have scored a late winner for qpr but christian benteke equalised . clint hill scored his first barclays premier league goal for rangers ' second , and fernandes was delighted with the display of the veteran centre back , even if he did fail to get to grips with the prolific benteke . he also reserved praise for manager chris ramsey . ' clint hill typified our fighting spirit , ' he posted . ' as i 've always said players playing for the badge and chris ramsey what a pro . ' finally , fernandes posted some cryptic tweets as to his own future at the club , perhaps hinting that he would be leaving . hill had equalised in the second half after hosts villa led 2-1 at the break courtesy of benteke 's two goals . matt phillips opened the scoring for rangers but they found themselves pegged back by brilliant benteke . fernandes is also global ceo of airasia , the airline that saw flight qz8501 go missing late last year . ' it 's been a tough three months since december 28th . abuse , tragedy , close friends gone but i never stopped believing in all that we do , ' fernandes said . ' the decision on my future has been made . 6 games 18 points . never stop believing rangers fans . les also a hero . never stop believing . ' qpr stay inside the relegation zone but moved up to 18th place with the draw . they face chelsea at loftus road on sunday in what is sure to be another occasion to play on supporters ' , and the owners ' , emotions .