aaron hernandez looked full of promise in his 2007 high school yearbook picture . aaron hernandez was a rapidly rising star in the nfl . he was a key part of the new england patriots offense , played in the super bowl and had signed a massive five-year contract extension that would pay him nearly $ 40million . he had a baby girl , a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $ 1.5million mansion in the boston suburbs . but even before the murder of odin lloyd in june 2013 - a crime for which he will now spend the rest of his life in prison - hernandez was not the golden boy he seemed to be . his arrest for lloyd 's murder was not the beginning of his criminal career - but rather just the first time he 's been held accountable for his actions . hernandez has been accused of shooting a total of six men - killing three and severely wounding three other . two of them , lloyd and a man who says hernandez shot him through the eye , were supposedly the star 's friends . after his father died , he had no one in his life to keep in on the straight and narrow . that , combined with his desire to be involved in the ' thug life ' on the streets in his hometown of bristol , connecticut , and escalating drug and alcohol use set the stage for the murders , family and friends have said . scroll down for video . hernandez was captain of his high school football team and rated as the best football player in the state of connecticut in his senior year . hernandez , seen here in a candid shot from his senior yearbook at bristol central high school , grew into a troubled , and very powerful , young man . add into it , a history of escaping trouble thanks to coaches and cops allegedly covering for him . he had had at least three major run-ins with the law prior to his murder arrest - and managed to escape without charges every time . the 25-year-old made it out of a tough neighborhood in bristol , connecticut , but never seemed to leave the streets behind . a 2013 rolling stone article claimed that he maintained gang affiliation - and even allegedly got a bloods gang tattoo - even after making millions in the nfl . as his career wore on , he became more distant from his family and closer with his alleged gang friends , rolling stone claimed . additionally , he became increasingly paranoid and carried a gun everywhere he went . rolling stone claims he also began smoking the hallucinogen pcp , or angel dust . a family friend told the magazine that lloyd 's murder was a result of hernandez 's drug abuse . 'don’t matter what it’s about : aaron’s out of his mind . he’s been twisted on dust now for more than a year , which is when all of this crazy s*** started . ' the magazine accuses hernandez of being involved in a ' thug life ' that was apparent even to new england head coach bill belichick . when he was arrested he was only ' one step ' from being cut from the team over the issues , it was claimed . a friend told rolling stone that hernandez chose to surround himself with a ' crew ' of so-called gangsters , rather than hanging out with his team mates or other athletes . ' one of his uncles went to boston to talk to him , and these scary-looking dudes are hanging out in his game room . they wouldn’t say hi or shake his hand , and when he brought it up to aaron , he laughed him off , ' a friend told the magazine . star : aaron hernandez played in the super bowl as a key piece of the new england patriots offense in 2012 . hernandez was a star high school player from a bad neighborhood in bristol , connecticut . he revered his father dennis hernandez , who was himself a local sports legend - and also a petty criminal as a teen . according to former coaches from bristol , dennis kept his son on the straight-and-narrow . when his father died in january 2006 from complications from a routine surgery , aaron became withdrawn . ' it was very , very hard , and he was very , very angry , ' his mother terri told usa today . ' he wasn’t the same kid , the way he spoke to me . the shock of losing his dad , there was so much anger . ' when aaron 's father died , his mother terri moved her new husband into the family house . according to police reports , the new husband was violent and physically abused terri . jeffrey cummings was also a convicted drug dealer . in july 2010 , he allegedly stabbed terri hernandez during a fight . following the death of his father , as a 17-year-old senior , hernandez was named as the best football player in connecticut . also in bristol , he met his longtime partner and future mother of his young daughter , shayanna jenkins . she has continued to stand by the troubled star - even enduring arrest for perjury for refusing to disclose exactly about what happened following lloyd 's murder . in 2006 , an offer to play football for the university of florida gators on scholarship seemed like a fresh start . coach urban meyer helped counsel him during his time there and even assigned tim tebow to look after him . hernandez scored one the patriots ' two touchdowns during super bowl xlvi in 2012 . april 28 , 2007 - police called after hernandez , a university of florida football player , punches a waiter at a bar . september 2007 - hernandez questioned after two men shot in drive-by shooting in florida after fight with hernandez at club . august 30 , 2008 - hernandez suspended for one game after testing positive for smoking marijuana . june 8 , 2010 - hernandez inks deal with new endland patriots after being drafted in the fourth round . february 5 , 2012 - played in super bowl xlvi . july 16 , 2012 - two immigrants from cape verde are shot dead in the car in south boston . hernandez suspected . hernandez is accused of murdering daniel de abreu ( left ) and safiro furtado ( right ) in 2012 - and then playing an entire season of football . august 27 , 2012 - patriots sign hernandez to five-year , $ 37.5million contract extension . november 2012 - hernandez 's fiance shayanna jenkins gives birth to their daughter , avielle janelle . february 13 , 2013 - hernandez allegedly shoots friend in the eye outside miami strip club after argument . june 17 , 2013 - odin lloyd gunned down in an industrial lot near hernandez 's home . june 26 , 2013 - hernandez arrested and charged with lloyd 's murder . june 26 , 2013 - patriots kick hernandez off team within 90 minutes of arrest announcement . may 5 , 2014 - hernandez charged with beating fellow inmate and threatening a jail guard . may 15 , 2014 - hernandez indicted for double-murder in south boston . january 29 , 2015 - odin lloyd murder trial begins . april 15 , 2015 - sentenced to life in prison without parole after conviction on murder and weapons charges in lloyd 's death . in 2009 , he helped lead the team to a national championship . but problems began to emerge as well . in april 2007 as a 17-year-old freshman , hernandez ordered two drinks at a gainesville , florida , bar then refused to pay . when a waiter escorted him outside , the football star waited until his head was turned then allegedly punched him in the head , bursting his eardrum . police were called and recommended that hernandez be charged with felony assault . meyer , florida 's legendary football coach , intervened and no arrest was ever made , according to rolling stone . that same year he was also questioned in connection with a drive-by shooting in which two men were shot , one in the head , following a fight over a gold necklace with florida gators football players at a nightclub . he was never charged and no one was ever arrested . shayanna jenkins , seen here in her 2007 yearbook picture , met hernandez in high school . in 2008 , he was suspended from the first game of the year for testing positive for marijuana . rolling stone claims that his drug violations may have been even more pronounced and that he failed more drug tests than the one that was released publicly . following those incidents , he seemed to turn a corner . he was drafted in 2010 in the fourth-round by the patriots . many scouts said his talent merited a first-round pick , but teams were so concerned about his off-the-field behavior and connections to street gangs that they refused to draft him . his return to new england after being drafted by the patriots allowed him to reconnect with the bad influences from his childhood , friends have said . on the patriots , he made massive impact on the field . he quickly became one of quarterback tom brady 's favorite targets . in three seasons , he scored 18 touchdowns and had nearly 2,000 yards receiving . in february 2012 , he appeared in super bowl xlvi and caught a 12-yard pass from brady for a touchdown . in 2012 , the patriots signed their star to a 5-year , $ 37.5million contact that included more than $ 12.5million in signing bonuses . in june 2012 , he went to los angeles with his fiancee shayanna jenkins . while there , police were called to his apartment on a domestic violence call after neighbors dialed 911 . when cops arrived , hernandez was dismissive and sayanna made it clear that she did n't want to press charges , so they left . on july 16 , 2012 daniel jorge correia de abreu , 29 , and safiro teixeira furtado , 28 , who immigrants from cape verde , were found murdered in their car in south boston following a drive-by shooting . they had reportedly gotten into a fight with hernandez and his crew at a night club prior to their murders . in may 2014 , prosecutors indicted hernandez for both killings . he still faces trial on those murders . on the same month that lloyd was murdered , a former friend filed a lawsuit against hernandez claiming the nfl star had shot him in the mouth in february 2013 following a fight at a miami strip club . the man , alexander bradley , lost his eye in the shooting and subsequently testified against hernandez at his murder trial . in february 2014 - following his arrest for murder - he was allegedly involved in a jailhouse fight and for threatening a jail guard . he was later indicted on those charges and faces trial for them , as well .