laura robson put her injury frustrations to one side over the weekend by heading to tortuga , a country music festival in florida . the 21-year-old shared a photo on instagram of her soaking up the sun with two friends and captioned the image ' country music is the best music # tortuga . ' in recent weeks , robson has been stepping up her attempts at getting back on the tennis court after a lengthy absence . laura robson ( centre ) shared a picture on instagram of her at tortuga festival with two friends . robson 's last appearance came in the 2014 australian open first round where she lost in straight sets . robson ( left ) had to wear a protective cast last year but tweeted a picture back on the court last month . her last appearance was over a year ago , in the first round of the 2014 australian open , where she was swept aside in straight sets by kirtsen flipkens and she has not played since due to a left wrist problem . she had tendon surgery and is now nearing a return , although she withdrew from a qualifying event for the miami open last month and also removed her name from a wta tour event in bogota later in april . it appears her next target with be the french open , with the first round starting on sunday , may 24 . should she make it out on the clay at roland garros , it will end a 16-month absence from the court that has left one of britain 's brightest hopes in women 's tennis without a world ranking . she has been practising in the united states , in tampa , as she aims to build up form and fitness . a previous instagram post on march 26 , of her doing a handstand on a tennis court to show off her new shoes , showed supporters she was back training and the strength in her wrist was returning . her manager , max eisenbud , gave an update on her progress at the end of march and sounded cautiously optimistic about how robson is improving . robson is now said to be nearing a return and is targeting the french open in may . the 21-year-old robson also missed out on wimbledon last year but could be in line to play in 2015 . 'i’m happy with the way it’s been going and she’s been hitting the ball great in practice , ' eisenbud said . 'it’s a question of waiting until the coaches think she can play five matches in a week . 'it’s all about when she is ready to compete . we don’t want to put her in a situation where she can’t play a full tournament . '