for the first time , the government 's drug regulator - the medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency ( mhra ) - has approved a remedy containing a traditional chinese herb . the product , phynova joint and muscle relief , contains sigesbeckia , a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis . ' until now many gps have been wary of recommending chinese herbs , but now there is one product that we know is produced safely and at the optimum dose , ' explains professor george lewith , a complementary medicine researcher from southampton university . sigesbeckia is a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis . ' sigesbeckia gives us another alternative to anti-inflammatory drugs which come with potential side-effects such as gastrointestinal bleeding . ' professor lewith does n't use the product himself , but says that before having hip replacements for arthritis he used another herb , devil 's claw , as a remedy for joint pain . he is n't the only orthodox doctor who recommends complementary therapies to his patients ... herbal medicine for colds and depression . dr mike dixon , a gp in cullompton , devon , and chairman of the college of medicine , says he is a ' fan ' of herbal medicines because they are ' safe , help to encourage self-care by patients and , in cases such as mint and aloe vera , can be grown by the patients themselves , making them virtually free ' . ' my go-to remedy in the cold season is a herb called pelargonium , which i take as soon as i feel a cold coming as it prevents the virus replicating , ' he says . ' i also use mint tea for indigestion and make a remedy from the lemon balm that grows in my garden to help me sleep . you just put five leaves in a cup of boiling water and leave it to brew . the remedy i most commonly suggest to patients , though , is st john 's wort . there is strong evidence that it helps in tackling mild to moderate depression . it is also a potential treatment for long-term tiredness . ' it can interfere with the contraceptive pill and some other medications - but it 's definitely something that i suggest patients should consider . ' before taking st john 's wort , check with your pharmacist or gp . dr mike dixon says he is a ' fan ' of herbal medicines because they are ' safe ' ( posed by model ) . hypnotherapy for bowel trouble . professor peter whorwell , a gastroenterologist at the wythenshawe hospital in manchester , specialises in helping people with severe irritable bowel syndrome ( ibs ) . ' by the time they come to me most other treatments have failed , and i recommend hypnotherapy to probably 70 to 80 per cent of them as part of a treatment package including medication , diet and lifestyle changes . ' it works on about 80 per cent of those who try it . ibs involves abnormal muscle spasms of the gut and hypersensitivity of the gut to pain , and is aggravated by stress . hypnotherapy tackles all three of these causes . ' i have been taught self-hypnosis to help me sleep when my mind is whirring . i think it 's a skill every doctor should learn . ' turmeric for aches and pains . dr uzma ali , an nhs gp who also works at the integrated medical centre in london , explains that as a child she was always given a glass of warm milk with half a teaspoon of the spice turmeric if she fell over . dr uzma ali was always given a glass of warm milk with half a teaspoon of the spice turmeric if she fell over . ' only now do i know why that was - turmeric contains an ingredient called curcumin which has been found to have a powerful anti-inflammatory action . ' now , if i see patients with problems like sports injuries , back pain , whiplash , fibromyalgia or sciatica , i suggest that they add a supplement of curcumin to their treatment - or , if they ca n't take painkillers , that they use it as their primary remedy . ' my favourite remedy is called dehlvi 's haldi capsules , which contain turmeric , but you can buy turmeric/curcumin capsules in health stores - or just add more to your cooking . ' acupuncture for migraines . dr tanvir jamil , a gp at burnham health centre , near slough in berkshire , has been treating his patients with acupuncture for years . ' i mostly offer this to patients for pain relief - particularly migraine . if medication or lifestyle changes such as reducing stress are n't working , acupuncture will often help . i normally give patients one session a week for four weeks . the number of gps in britain who practise homeopathy . ' i combine chinese acupuncture - which works along energy lines called meridians in the body , that chinese practitioners believe become imbalanced during illness - and western acupuncture , which concentrates the needles where it specifically hurts . ' so for migraine , i 'd use the needles around the face , either side of the eyebrow , the cheek and just under the ear - along with points in the hands . ' i decided to learn acupuncture when i was a junior doctor over 20 years ago . the evidence is good enough that the government health watchdog , nice , recommends acupuncture on the nhs for migraines . ' i have had acupuncture myself for neck pain in the past . exactly how it works is n't known but my personal theory is that it somehow stops the nerves being as sensitive to pain signals . ' it 's a once-a-week treatment and there are no side-effects - it could save the nhs a fortune if it was used more widely . ' yoga for skin complaints . every morning dr stefanie williams , a dermatologist and medical director of european dermatology london , does ten to 15 minutes of yoga and 20 minutes ' meditation at lunchtime . ' both help my stress levels and also benefit my skin , ' she says . ' the stress hormone cortisol raises levels of inflammation in the skin - and this not only triggers faster ageing but aggravates conditions such as acne , eczema and rosacea . the stress hormone cortisol raises levels of inflammation in the skin - yoga can alleviate this . ' for this reason i also advise my patients , whether they are coming to me for skin problems or merely for cosmetic procedures , to try yoga or meditation as part of their treatment plan . ' they are often surprised by the idea , but many have experienced their skin flaring up when they are stressed , so once i explain the science behind why that happens they are very keen to include it . ' homeopathy for indigestion . most conventional doctors are highly sceptical of homeopathy , questioning the idea that minute amounts of a substance that triggers symptoms can also be used to treat those symptoms . not so dr tim robinson , a gp in beaminster , dorset , who has been a gp for 25 years and a homeopath for 20 . ' i use homeopathy myself - most commonly nux vom , which i take when i get indigestion - and i do suggest the remedies to some of my patients . ' it is helpful when conventional medication has nothing to offer , or where it 's contra-indicated . ' for example , if i have a menopausal woman coming to see me with hot flushes and she ca n't take hrt because she has had breast cancer , or has been using hrt for the recommended two to four years and must come off it , there are a few homeopathic remedies i can suggest - belladonna being the most common . ' homeopathy is also useful for chilblains - there are topical orthodox treatments for this but they are n't very effective . ' the idea behind homeopathy is that dilute forms of substances that cause the symptoms of a condition can also help to treat it . ' in a study of 20,000 people by bristol homeopathic hospital , 70 per cent of them said they felt a positive benefit . '