in the ancient inca kingdom , the wheel was yet to be invented , iron was foreign and steel was unheard of . so when the incas needed to travel across the andes , they did so on handwoven rope bridges , stretched over gorges and rivers . five hundred years later , just one of the inca rope bridges remains : the keshwa chaca , which spans the apurimac river near huinchiri , peru , in the province of canas . dangerous work : local villagers work on renewing the keshwa chaca - the last inca rope bridge - in the andes near huinchiri , peru . incredible skill : the 90ft long keshwa chaca remains thanks to local villagers who rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their inca ancestors . as they expanded their empire , the incas built an entire network of bridges to move armies , people and goods quickly and efficiently over the mountains . even though it would take another 300 years before suspension bridges came to europe , it is estimated that the inca kingdom was connected by some 200 , all made by hand . the bridges were an integral part of the incredible inca road system that stretches for 25,000 miles , from modern-day ecuador to argentina . the last incas disappeared in the early 17th century , and over the years their bridges followed . the keshwa chaca remains thanks to local villagers who rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their inca ancestors . craft : the ropes for the bridge are made from the ' ichu ' grass , which is braided by the local villagers . safe walk : although the keshwa chaca bridge may look frail , it has been proven to support the weight of 56 people standing across the walkway . ready to go : as the last inca bridge , keshwa chaca has become a tourist attraction , with visitors paying a small fee to walk across the gorge . ancient tradition : it takes three days to rebuild the keshwa chaca , which is done in june every year . it spans 90ft over the apurimac river some 100ft below , and villagers claim it has been there for 500 years . in the inca days , local villagers would rebuild the keshwa chaca each year as a way of paying tax , but in modern times residents of the region keep the ancient tradition and skills alive by renewing the bridge every june . after the bridge has been built , it is left to disintegrate before being constructed again the next year . the raw material is ' ichu ' , a type of grass common on the sparse mountainsides of the andes , which is braided into rope for the bridge . each household in the four nearby villages is responsible for bringing 90 feet of braided grass rope , slate reports . the bridge consists of five parallel ' ichu ' ropes , which are braided to be about four inches thick , fastened at stone platforms on each side of the gorge . the floor or walkway is of small sticks and canes , fastened transversely with raw-hide strings , and two thick ropes are tied between the platforms as armrails . it takes three days to renew the keshwa chaca , and although it may look brittle , it has been proven to support the weight of 56 people standing across the walkway .