two black candidates were among three people elected to the ferguson city council tuesday , tripling african-american representation in the st. louis suburb where poor race relations have been a focal point since the august shooting death of an 18-year-old black by a white police officer . the election means that half of the six-member city council in ferguson , a town where two-thirds of the 21,000 residents are black , will now be african-american . this just over one month after the department of justice released a report on the shocking culture of racism and abuse in the city . the lone black incumbent councilman , dwayne james , was not up for re-election . scroll down for video . wesley bell jr. , 18 , left , casts his vote alongside his father wesley bell who claimed victory in the race for ferguson city council ward 3 seat . the election came just over a month after a justice department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse among city officials , employees and police . voter turnout increased substantially from the previous election following a strong get-out-the-vote effort from labor unions and other national organizations . the town that drew only 12.3 percent of registered voters last april had 29.4 percent turnout tuesday , according to the st. louis county board of elections . that was about double the overall turnout in st. louis county , where ferguson is located . unofficial results showed that wesley bell defeated another black candidate to win in the 3rd ward ; ella jones defeated another black candidate and two white candidates in the 1st ward ; and brian fletcher , a former mayor who is white , won a 2nd ward race against another white candidate . ' this community came out in record numbers to make sure our voices were heard , ' said councilman-elect bell . ' when you have a community engaged , the sky is the limit . ' he described it as part of a healing and rebuilding process . it was the first municipal election in ferguson since officer darren wilson fatally shot michael brown , who was black and unarmed , on aug. 9 . the shooting sparked sometimes violent protests in the st. louis area , and spawned a national black lives matter movement to press for change in how police deal with local minorities . it also prompted a review by the u.s. justice department , which decided not to prosecute wilson , who resigned in november . but the federal department released a scathing report blasting the city for racial bias and profiling in the police department and a profit-driven municipal court system . several city officials resigned following the review , including the city manager , police chief and municipal judge . the municipal court clerk was fired for racist emails . the new city council will be tasked with approving hiring of the replacements . the scrutiny in the wake of the shooting also found that the city had a mostly white police force and city leadership - the mayor also is white . ferguson city council ward three candidates lee smith ( r ) and wesley bell ( l ) hand out election information . in the race for the 3rd ward , which includes the apartment complex where brown was killed , bell , 40 , easily defeated 76-year-old retiree lee smith . bell is a lawyer and a criminology professor who had to defend himself because of a third job - municipal judge in a neighboring town of velda city that , like ferguson , derives a large percentage of its budget from municipal court fines . smith had support of several national organizations whose volunteers went door-to-door on his behalf . jones had support of a labor union and won easily in her four-person race . fletcher , the former mayor who started the i love ferguson campaign after the unrest that ravaged the community , also won easily in the 2nd ward . a strong push was made after the shooting to register more black voters last year , but just 562 new voters were added to the rolls . in recent weeks , the focus has been on getting those who are registered to vote . the high turnout came despite brutal weather . strong storms , including lightning and heavy rain , tore through the region for several hours before noon . but the weather did n't deter marty einig , who has participated in ferguson protests since august . she was voting in the 3rd ward , which includes the canfield green apartment complex where brown was fatally shot . ' i see there is raw material within this community to demonstrate hope , ' einig said . ' i see a glass that 's half full , and i feel that the people have the will to force change . ' charrolynn washington agreed , saying the election is where real change will occur . ' as much change is needed here in ferguson , this is where we begin - not out there in the streets , doing what they were doing - but , right here , ' washington said . ' they need to be voting and putting people in position to make the change and make the decisions that need to be made . ' 