the family of a charity worker who drowned while volunteering to help youngsters in one of south africa 's poorest townships have paid tribute to their ' bubbly tomboy ' . summer robertson from shrewsbury died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a picturesque beach in december near kenton-on-sea , a small town on the country 's south-eastern coast . miss robertson was with three other british members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the latitude youth volunteering group , at a remote camping resort . summer robertson , 21 , who died after drowning off the coast of south africa , where she had been helping youngsters in one of the country 's poorest townships . miss robertson 's parents sarah and john have been remembering their daughter who they described as a ' bubbly tomboy ' . but she soon got into difficulties in the water and died before she was brought to shore . another volunteer , 19-year-old alice barnett , from canterbury in kent also passed away after her body was washed up on the beach a day later . now four months after the incident , her parents john and sarah , who also have two sons michael and sam , have been remembering their daughter , who died while on a trip of a lifetime working with deprived youngsters . her father mr robertson , a 51-year-old works foreman , said he spoke to his daughter on the day she died . he explained : ' i spoke to her that thursday morning . summer pictured volunteering in south africa . the 21-year-old had spoken to her father john just hours before she had died . miss robertson , left , died alongside fellow volunteer alice barnett , right , after they went for a celebratory swim after finishing their volunteering course . ' she said everything was great , they had finished their work and were having a few days relaxing before they came home . ' i was due to pick her up on the tuesday . she contacted us at least once a week and said she was living the dream . ' her mother says she had no worries about her daughter taking part in the trip , but mr robertson added he did warn her to stay out of the sea , as she was not a confident swimmer . he added : ' she was only paddling in shallow waters . it 's just horribly sad . ' on the night of her death , two policemen came to the door at 11.30 , and i knew straight away . ' i knew it was either summer or our son sam , who was living in digs in birmingham at the time while at university . ' as soon as they said summer 's name , i knew something had happened . ' miss robertson 's death came soon after she landed her dream job as an apprentice in the parts department at hatfield jaguar in her hometown . summer , fourth from left helping to deliver christmas presents . death came just after she landed her dream job as an apprentice in the parts department at hatfield jaguar in her hometown . summer , pictured as a youngster at school , left , and celebrating her birthday . her family have now launched an appeal to raise money for guide dogs for the blind as a tribute to her . and while they are heartbroken over their daughter 's death , her parents say they take great comfort from the fact that she died doing something she loved . her mother said : ' it has motivated us to want to do something positive in her memory . ' we 've decided to take a leaf out of summer 's book , and not take life so seriously . ' now i do n't mind so much if the phone does n't work . there 's more to life than worrying about work and paying the mortgage . ' that 's only stuff , as summer would say . ' the family have now launched an appeal to raise money for guide dogs for the blind as a tribute to miss robertson . it came after £1,500 was donated to the appeal through a collection at her funeral . it is hoped they can raise £10,000 , which would allow them to name a guide dog puppy after miss robertson . anybody wanting to donate to the appeal can visit the family 's gofundme page by clicking here . 