unwilling : the british medical association also found nearly two-thirds of gps were not willing to join into larger groups to ensure one surgery in an area was open on saturdays and sundays . gps are in revolt over government plans for them to offer patients appointments seven days a week . almost all family doctors polled in a new survey said they do not think their own practice should open on weekends . and nearly two-thirds are not even willing to consider forming groups with other surgeries to ensure that at least one in the area is open to patients on saturdays and sundays . the government has tried to encourage gps to offer out-of-hours appointments through a scheme known as the prime minister’s challenge fund , launched in 2013 . surgeries have been urged to form into groups of 20 to 30 to ensure that between them at least one stays open in the evenings and at weekends . the results of early trials published last month showed that among 34 practices taking part in the scheme in central london , the number of patients going to a & e dropped by between 8 and 10 per cent . but a survey of 15,560 gps by their union , the british medical association , found 63 per cent were opposed to forming networks with other surgeries to open seven days a week . some 94 per cent were against their own practice opening every day . just 2 per cent were in favour , while the remainder didn’t know . the survey also found that 67 per cent want to make the standard ten minute appointment longer to give them more time to properly care for patients . and 93 per cent said their heavy workload has negatively affected patient care . this is mainly because they do not have the staff or the resources to provide appointments to the increasing numbers seeking them . dr chaand nagpaul , chairman of the bma’s gp committee , said : ‘ gps want to provide better services and spend more time with their patients , especially the increasing number of older people who often have a range of multiple health needs that require intensive , coordinated care . ' unfortunately , this landmark poll highlights that gps’ ability to care for patients is being seriously undermined by escalating workload , inadequate resourcing and unnecessary paperwork . drop : a trial period opening gps surgeries seven days a week found the numbers going to a & e fell . ‘ while there is a willingness from gps to look at offering extended hours , more than nine in ten gps do not feel that their practice can provide blanket seven day services when gps are struggling to provide even basic care to their patients . ‘ gps also feel it is more important to provide longer consultations . ’ 