a utah couple who had been married for 74 years died five hours apart . madelyn yensen , 94 , of salt lake city , died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm . just after her mother died , carol bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news . ' i leaned over and whispered in his ear , `` mom has passed , and she 's waiting for you in heaven , '' ' bradford said . ' i think after that , he knew he had accomplished what he needed , and he felt that he could let go . ' shortly after her visit on april 7 , bradford 's father died of heart failure . marcus yensen , 95 ( left ) , and his wife madelyn , 94 ( right ) , died within hours of each other earlier this month after a romance that started with a month of dating and continued through 74 years of marriage . madelyn died after suffering a seizure when she was called over to her husband 's bedside and was holding his hand , according to ksl . the traumatic attack was the last time they saw each other . ' they were always together , and they were always very happy with each other , ' she said . her father always insisted her mother should die at home with proper care , bradford said . the two married on october 17 , 1940 , only a month after they met when he took a dance lesson from her at a local studio . they had lived since 1949 in a quaint , brick home where they raised their three children and adopted a calico cat named moonpie who had shown up repeatedly at their doorstep . the couple 's son , byron yensen , said that while it was painful to lose both parents in a single day , it was comforting to know they were n't apart from each other long . the couple live in the same brick house for more than 65 years . a funeral service for them will be held at their local church ( pictured ) . ' it would have been very difficult for mom or dad to live without the other , ' he told the deseret news . ' they really loved each other . ' ' he did n't want to die and leave her here . he wanted to take care of her , ' he added . a joint obituary for the couple said ' being the gentlemen he always was , and showing the eternal love they had together , marcus held the gates of heaven open so madelyn could walk in first , then followed her ' . marcus yensen , who had been fighting heart problems for months before his death , was a world war ii navy veteran and union pacific railroad engineer , while his wife was a homemaker . the couple renewed their vows last year on their anniversary . a funeral service will be held may 9 at st. paul 's episcopal church in salt lake city .