two florida women who are in a relationship and worked at the same daycare center are fighting to get their jobs back after they were fired for being gay . jaclyn pfeiffer , 29 , worked at the aloma methodist early childhood learning center in orange county full-time for the last 18 months , while her partner , kelly bardier , 33 , was recently employed as a part-time teacher . the two have been together since october . however they were both terminated after the director , barbara twachtman , heard rumors about the two and asked pfeiffer whether she was seeing bardier . ' i feel like if a person can do their job , gay , straight or whatever , they should be able to work and do their job that they love to do , ' pfieffer told click orlando . fired for being gay : according to jaclyn pfeiffer , 29 ( left ) , rumors of her sexual orientation began to circulate after her girlfriend , kelly bardier , 33 ( right ) , took a job in another part of the school as a substitute teacher . termination : even though the couple insisted they had tried to keep their relationship private , the director of aloma methodist early childhood learning center fired both of them because of their sexuality . school : aloma methodist early childhood learning center receives $ 2,442 in taxpayer funding per child from the state of florida for providing voluntary prekindergarten ( vpk ) during the school year . ' i never thought they would actually fire me for being gay . ' bardier added that she was given the option to ' change her lifestyle ' to keep her position . the daycare is run by aloma united methodist church . in a statement , the church said they ' felt the need ' to let both women go . ' we can say decisions regarding their employment involve long-standing local church policies intended to reflect the beliefs and values of this congregation , ' gretchen hastings , director of communications for the florida conference umc , said in a statement to click orlando . ' these are policies applicable to all employees . our church continues to be in prayer for all of those affected . ' together : jaclyn pfeiffer , 29 , and kelly bardier , 33 , seen here at disney world , have been together since october last year . however pfieffer and bardier are hitting back . they content they were unaware of the church 's stance against gays when they accepted their jobs . they have now hired a lawyer , mary meeks , who maintains that religious freedom does not mean workers can be fired because of their sexual orientation . they have threatened to sue aloma united methodist church if they do not reinstate pfieffer and barider and offer an apology by april 15 . according to the orlando sentinel , a resolution passed in 2008 states that the church opposes ' all forms of violence or discrimination based on gender , gender identity , sexual practice or sexual orientation ' . strict : despite the state funding , aloma methodist broke no state or federal laws when the couple 's employment was terminated , they maintain . after the two were fired , twatchman emailed parents saying pfeiffer , who is well-like by the two-year-olds she cares for , had decided to leave for ' personal reasons ' . twatchman added she had been a ' wonderful teacher ' who was ' gifted with children ' . ' i am very sad that she is leaving , ' the email said , according to the sentinel . unemployed : jaclyn pfeiffer and kelly bardier say they were terminated from their jobs at aloma methodist early childhood learning center after the school discovered they were in a relationship .