trevor noah has moved on to become a us tv star , and he left behind a stunning south african physiotherapist to pursue his american dream , the daily mail online can reveal . the new host of the daily show has separated from long term girlfriend dani gabriel after the pair had a heart to heart about his future plans . noah has known gabriel for at least four years and it’s believed they began dating early in 2014 . the comedian quickly became smitten with the beautiful brunette and took her around the world to be by his side while on tour . but following behind-the-scenes talks earlier this year with comedy central – the producers of the daily show – it was clear noah’s career was about to explode . scroll down for video . separated : trevor noah and his stunning south african girlfriend dani gabriel broke up after the pair discussed his future plans and exploding fame . smooch : it 's believed that the love birds started dating in early 2014 and have known each other for at least four years . vacation : noah and gabriel , pictured here making silly faces while on holiday , reportedly separated a few months ago . laughs : though the pair split , a source close to noah said that they are still friends , and gabriel has said she ' could n't be prouder ' of her ex . noah’s lost in translation comedy tour took him back to cape town from february 24 until march 1 and it’s likely he and gabriel had a heart-to-heart during this time . self-employed gabriel , 28 , runs her own physiotherapist practice in cape town and has several family members in the city meaning she will have been reluctant to relocate to america . a source close to noah told daily mail online : ‘ dani is an ex-girlfriend . they decided to go their separate ways and are not together anymore , they split a few months ago but are still friends . ’ despite the split gabriel is still right behind noah as he takes over from jon stewart in the biggest seat in world comedy . she told daily mail online that she’s ‘ very supportive’ of noah’s newfound fame and has said she couldn’t be ‘prouder’ of her ex . and while previously little known noah is set to become a household name for millions of people , gabriel still does n't see him as a ‘celebrity’ . speaking in cape town , she said : ‘ yes he’s going through this huge transition but at the end of the day he’s not a celebrity to me and he’s never treated himself like that and i don’t treat him like that , i don’t bring that in to my life . ’ gabriel was coy about their relationship and refused to discuss the split . she said : ‘ i don’t need to show my support publicly for trevor , it doesn’t need validating to anybody else besides me and him . anything that needs to be said i’ve said to him personally . goofing around : noah , pictured here with gabriel making funny faces at the camera , was in cape town for his comedy tour at the end of february . it 's likely the couple talked about their relationship at this time . having fun : the couple had several pictures together on facebook , and gabriel had a picture of the pair kissing as her main profile picture until recently . adventures : gabriel told daily mail online that she 's ' very supportive ' of noah 's new-found fame , but would not discuss their relationship . smiles : noah poses with a group of statues in one of gabriel 's many pictures of the two of them during their travels . ‘ this world is not a very healthy one , so we can’t really involve ourselves in it now regardless of how big it is . ‘ it doesn’t make a difference to my life . i don’t talk about my stuff , trevor doesn’t talk about my stuff . ‘there’s really nothing more that i need to say , whatever’s there is there , beyond that , it is genuinely between me and him . ’ but it 's clear that gabriel has struggled with the split , keeping her facebook status as ‘ in a relationship’ and keeping a large photo of the couple kissing on her home page wall . however , the physio quickly changed her wall photo to one of three pretty dresses when daily mail online asked why she kept noah’s picture on display now they 've split . it’s a sad turn of events for the couple who had seemed madly in love . in january it was suggested the glamorous pair was even engaged – rumors gabriel was quick to quell on twitter . dozens of intimate photos posted on their social media pages also gave the appearance of a couple very much in love . noah , 31 – originally from soweto near johannesburg – even bought a love nest in cape town so he could be close to gabriel during visits . local media reports claimed the jet-setting comic snapped up a luxury penthouse apartment in the exclusive 15 on orange hotel in cape town’s city-center . staff at the hotel – which boasts a roof top swimming pool and spa - say they spotted noah at his apartment as recently as last friday during a brief visit to cape town . strong : gabriel , who runs her own physiotherapy practice in cape town , is also a blue belt in brazilian jiu jitsu and has won gold medals in competitions . it’s believed noah and gabriel also bonded over their similar backgrounds in that they both have parents from different ethnic backgrounds against the backdrop of apartheid in south africa . noah was born the son of a black south african woman and a white swiss man who met when interracial relationships were illegal in south africa . gabriel runs her d gabriel physiotherapy practice out of the posh virgin active gym in century city , cape town . and fortunately for noah their split wasn’t a fiery affair as gabriel is a blue belt in brazilian jiu jitsu . she became ‘hooked’ on the grappling based martial art in 2011 as she opened her practice and trains at the renowned renzo gracie jiu jitsu academy . in june 2013 she won two gold medals for gi and no-gi in a jiu jitsu competition at the mother city winter open . in a testimonial on a jiu jitsu enthusiasts’ site gabriel says she has ‘ trained hard’ and competed in various events around cape town to earn her blue belt . she has also trained at the roger gracie academy in london and the renzo gracie academy in new york while she was travelling with noah . jet-setting : when noah brought gabriel on tour last year , the couple posted selfies in front of several landmarks on instagram . when she was in new york she got to meet renzo gracie , in person . gabriel posted a photo on her twitter feed posing next to the world-renowned brazilian jiu-jitsu expert . and she is so crazy about the sport that during a trip to la in august last year with noah she dropped in on the metamoris 4 jiu jitsu tournament . she told unan1mous.co.za : ' i genuinely love the sport and how it constantly challenges and equips your brain as much as your body . ‘ more than anything , it gives you a universal language that gains you an instant family/home base when traveling . just remember to pack in your gi and you’re good to go ! ’ during noah’s us tour last year gabriel posted loved-up couple selfies of them seeing the sites in new york and washington on instragram . on september 29 last year gabriel tweeted the cover of gq magazine featuring noah . she wrote : ‘ oh , you know ... just perving over my bf on the new @ gqdotcoza cover . ’ gabriel also regularly retweeted her boyfriend’s twitter jokes and show dates and is a big fan of daily mail online often posting stories from our site . and on january 27 this year while noah was in america , gabriel , who was clearly missing her boyfriend , tweeted : ‘ hey new york , get your s****together so my man can fly home . i need help opening this jar ; ( . ’ judging by the photos they had shared , the pair would have made the perfect celebrity couple , especially if gabriel had made the move to be by her man’s side in the states . on valentine’s weekend last year gabriel posted a series of stunning shots of them together on a boat sailing around the cape peninsula with noah’s good friend , south african radio dj anele mdoda and her boyfriend . support : even after the couple split , gabriel has been supportive of noah , having tweeted a proud message after it was announced that noah would be jon stewart 's replacement on the daily show . but after their split gabriel was supportive . as recently as march 30 , after news broke that noah was jon stewart’s replacement , gabriel tweeted : ‘ i knew you had it in you and they saw it too now the world gets to share it . could n't be prouder . ’ but perhaps the writing had always been on the wall . interestingly , while things seem to be going amazingly well in their relationship , daily mail online has learned that noah never introduced gabriel to his family in johannesburg . mom patricia , 56 , revealed : ‘i’ve not met her , i don’t know anything about the two because trevor hasn’t told me . ‘ i leave the kids to enjoy themselves , i don’t ask about such things . as a mother i ask one favor from my sons , “ keep your women away until you decide to settle with them” . ' patricia said one of noah’s other ex-girlfriends was ‘controlling’ over him . ‘ she was a german girl and i saw her and i really liked her , i was hooked . but then it was broken . she was very controlling over trevor and he didn’t like that , ’ she said . even noah admitted during an interview that one of his ex girlfriend’s tried to stop him from going in to comedy . he told interview magazine in may , 2013 : ‘ i was dating her and i said , `` i want to be a comedian . '' and she said , `` you 're not that funny , do n't be stupid . '' so i said , `` okay . '' and i did n't do it . then , after we broke up , i thought , this is the perfect time to do everything i could n't do when i was with her , like date other girls and do comedy . so i did . ’