kim richards was arrested early thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer . law enforcement were called to the beverly hills hotel at approximately 1:30am where the 50-year-old reality star was hanging out at the polo lounge . radar reports that at some point after midnight the mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender after she 'd had a few too many vodka tonics . the real housewives of beverly hills star then became very angry and reportedly shouted ' do n't you know who i am ? ' scroll down for video . in jail : kim richards was arrested on thursday morning after becoming belligerent while intoxicated at the polo lounge in the beverly hills hotel . kim - who has struggled with substance abuse in the past - then headed to a bathroom and refused to come out - which was when cops were called . a source told the website : ' she eventually locked herself in a bathroom and was refusing to come out and causing a scene . cops had to be called at that point . ' according to beverly hills police department spokesman lt. lincoln hoshino , kim appeared ' belligerent with slurred speech and wreaking of a strong odor of alcohol . ' kim allegedly cursed at officers and ' passively resisted arrest , ' hoshino said . where is went down : after drinking vodka tonics all night a bartender at the polo lounge refused to serve the former child star and she then became angry saying ' do n't you know who i am ? ' taking a turn for the worse : after resisting arrest kim - who apparently smelled strongly of booze - was eventually booked into a local jail where she kicked a police officer . tmz reports the reality star had to be dragged out of the restrooms and taken to a nearby jail where she kicked a police officer . the reality star was issued a citation for trespass , resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and drunk in public and was later released on $ 20,000 bail at around 10:30am in the morning . she is due to appear at the los angeles superior court on may 10 . sources close to kim 's family tell people that they are heartbroken at the star 's behaviour which has become more erratic in recent months . ' it will never get better . … she 's been a mess , showing up late to events and social gatherings and acting bizarre or belligerent or both . ' ' they of course love [ kim ] and want to help , but no one can talk any sense into her because she is so out of it . ' really friends ? kim 's supposed bff brandi glanville took to her twitter shortly after hearing the arrest news . cast support : kim 's rhobh cast mate lisa rinna tweeted her support despite questioning kim 's sobriety throughout the latest season . empathy : eileen davidson also shared her reaction on twitter shortly after news of kim 's arrest . the news may be unsurprising for some of her loved ones , however , as us weekly reported that she has been treating friends and family members terribly as a source said : ' kim has been on the outs from her family recently . ' things are so bad that nobody can deal with her . you can’t even talk to her for two seconds -- she turns horrible to everybody . ' this type of reported behaviour is so alarming that some experts believe it would be best for bravo to dismiss the television personality from the reality programme according to people . ' this is one of those moments when her painfully public problem can become a personally promising opportunity to turn her life around , ' said william c. moyers from the hazelden betty for foundation , ' but only if she takes seriously the reality of what 's happened , by stepping away from the limelight and instead putting her attention on the help she needs and deserves to get better . ' ' there is nothing funny or appealing about the reality of kim 's situation , ' the expert added . ' she owes it to herself to step away from the limelight to get help . her costars and bravo should encourage kim to take the first step or next step to recover . ' her on-screen group : kim 's sobriety was a major plot point during the fifth season of the hit reality series ( pictured at the reunion in february ) . all talk ? in tuesday night 's finale reunion show kim was adamant that she is not struggling with her sobriety . during an episode of rhobh in january , kim maintained ' i do n't drink , i do n't smoke , i do n't do drugs … i do n't have anything to hide , ' after being asked outright if she was still sober . on tuesday 's finale reunion episode of rhobh , the former actress was defiant that everyone stop discussing her sobriety - insisting that when she popped a pill at eileen 's poker party it was a one-off under extraordinary circumstances . ' i took a pill for a chronic pain that i was having . did i take somebody else 's pill ? yes . was that right ? no . ' kim explained of taking a pill from ex-husband monty , who has been battling cancer . kim continued : ' let 's get this straight real quick - i am not struggling with my sobriety , nor have i struggled with my sobriety , ' she said . after questioning where anyone had any real concern for her , she again insisted : ' i am sober . i have been sober for three years . i do n't appreciate all the conversations that have been behind my back . and i do not have to defend myself any longer . ' defiant : kim told her co-stars ' i am sober . i have been sober for three years and i do not have to defend myself any longer . ' family tension : the reality star also came to blows with her sister kyle ( pictured in red ) during the hour-long show with bravo 's andy cohen . co-star lisa rinna shot back ' well kim i 'm just going to say - you showed up at my house and you were higher than a kite , ' which further infuriated kim who stressed that she had been open about that one occasion . ' kim 's rhobh cast mates expressed their reaction to their friend 's arrest on their twitter pages . ' i was sad to hear about kim’s incident and i wish her and her family the best , ' rinna tweeted . ' i feel badly for kim richards and her family my thoughts and prayers are with them during this difficult time , ' said eileen davidson . and bff brandi glanville wrote : ' wanted to say thank you to @ kimrichards11 for donating to our school auction in the middle of all she has going on ! so proud of her . ' real friends are their in the good times , the bad times & especially the worst times.i am blessed with real friends & am a real friend myself . ' another one under her belt : season five came to an end with part three of the reunion show which aired on tuesday . kim voluntarily entered rehab for alcohol addiction in december 2011 for the third time for and has been trying to stay sober ever since . in january 2012 , kim told bravo 's andy cohen in her first tv interview since her rehab stay : ' i 'm an alcoholic . i had so much guilt and shame for my behavior ... then i drank to cover the guilt and shame to make it go away . ' in a separate sit down interview , kim said , ' i 'm getting reconnected with my kids , and that 's been a huge thing for me . it 's not what i expected when i came home . i was like , `` hey ! i 'm home ! let 's all get back exactly where we were ! '' and they were like , `` ummm , life is a little different now . '' so it was like a little bit of a challenge when i got home , which i did n't expect . ' she has four adult children , daughters brooke brinson , whitney davis and kimberly jackson , plus one son , chad davis . her brood : kim has four adult children , daughters brooke brinson , whitney davis and kimberly jackson and son chad davis . famous : here , kim was in different strokes . kim has now become most notable for her work on bravo 's real housewives franchise but her acting career began when she was six-years-old . the former child actor starred in numerous seventies tv programs including nanny and the professor and little house on the prairie . she also has a long resume of disney films such as escape to witch mountain , no deposit , no return and return from witch mountain . before there was such a thing as a disney channel star , kim landed several gigs on the kid-friendly network with multiple television movies in her long list of disney credits . her most recent tv role was a guest appearance on abc 's revenge . dailymail.com 's messages to kim 's representatives were not immediately returned . kim 's career began when she was six . left , in nanny and the professor and right in hello larry . child star : kim starred in numerous disney films such as escape to witch mountain , pictured here . disney star : kim 's acting career began when she was six-years-young , having starred in a long list of disney tv films .