richard attenborough 's possessions will be sold . they are mementoes of a brilliant career in movies , stretching from the tunnels of the great escape to the dinosaurs of jurassic park and gandhi’s vast crowd scenes . richard attenborough was present – behind or in front of the camera – at some of the most magical moments in cinema history , and following his death aged 90 last year , the actor-director’s treasured possessions are going up for up sale at auction house bonhams . lord attenborough’s son michael , himself an acclaimed theatre director , said : ‘ the items reflect my father’s incredible career . ' it is simply not possible to keep it all , even though we would absolutely love to . we do not have the room for it . ’ lord attenborough made his big-screen debut in the 1942 film in which we serve , and was still acting more than five decades later when he appeared as eccentric boffin john hammond in steven spielberg’s jurassic park . he was an avid collector and the lots include a treasure trove of unseen photographs , iconic props , scripts , posters and sketches . many of the lots relate to his time in front of the camera and include mementoes from such career-defining films as brighton rock , the great escape and 10 rillington place . the great escape : this photo of richard attenborough ( front ) and steve mcqueen is expected to sell for £700 . one of the most prized items is the cane ( left ) used by hammond in jurassic park , which is estimated to sell for £5,000 . the rare poster ( right ) is among the items for sale advertising brighton rock under the film’s original title . the actor was nearly 70 when he appeared in jurassic park – lured by the prospect of working with steven spielberg . one of the most prized items is the cane used by hammond in jurassic park . the top contains a prehistoric mosquito preserved in amber , from which the dna used to create the dinosaurs in the park was extracted . a clapperboard from the film gandhi is up for sale . the exhibition will also remind fans that there was a time when britain’s brightest star struggled to find work . one of the lots is an early cv written by lord attenborough when he was an ambitious student at the royal academy of dramatic art . the student carefully noted all the stage roles he had notched up while at rada . equally well known for his work behind the camera , lord attenborough directed such classics as gandhi , shadowlands and cry freedom . his personal script for the oscar-winning masterpiece gandhi , which includes all of his annotations , is expected to fetch in the region of £3,000 . michael attenborough said there were some items the family couldn’t part with , even if they wanted to . ‘ we are not allowed to sell his oscars and baftas for legal reasons , and to be honest we wouldn’t want to , ’ he said . ‘ they have been distributed along the family and are now being looked after by the grandchildren . ’ michael attenborough suggested ben kingsley ( right ) for the role of gandhi – a decision his father never regretted . his role as the psychotic pinkie in 1947’s brighton rock made attenborough a box-office star . he is pictured here relaxing with young fans between scenes . lord attenborough was an avid collector of 20th century british paintings and the sale features many works that hung in his homes in london and scotland . these include a fine oil painting by alan lowndes which is expected to fetch £15,000 , and a caricature of oscar wilde by max beerbohm which has a guide price of £7,000 . the auction , entitled richard attenborough : a life both sides of the camera , will take place at bonhams on october 21 . lord attenborough’s prized rolls-royce corniche with its distinctive number plate , ra iii , will be sold separately at a bonhams sale at the beaulieu national motor museum on september 5 . it is estimated to fetch between £12,000 and £15,000 . after eric morecambe’s , they were the best-known spectacles in british entertainment , and an intrinsic part of the avuncular luvvie image of the man known to everyone in showbiz as dickie . *large set of photos .