a giant lamb born weighing the same as a toddler is thought to be the biggest ever birthed in the uk . the animal , aptly named hagrid after the fictional giant in harry potter , was born on tuesday at three times the size of its peers . dwarfing other newborns on the farm in gelston near grantham in lincolnshire where he was born , hagrid 's owners believe he may be the biggest ever lamb born in the uk at 25lbs . scroll down for video . hagrid the lamb ( right ) is thought to be the biggest ever born in the uk , measuring 14inches tall and weighing 25lbs . the animal towers over his peers at the farm in gelston near grantham in lincolnshire where he was born . the creature was born naturally on tuesday and his mother is in remarkably good condition following the birth . standing proudly at 14inches tall , the suffolk cross towers over his peers some five inches below . despite his remarkable size the lamb was born naturally and his mother is making a good recovery . ' i could n't believe my eyes - he was enormous . ' it presented all correctly with two feet and his head and i just needed to help him out . for such a massive lamb , a natural birth like that is pretty remarkable . ' despite hagrid 's shocking size , his mother has recovered from the birth and both are healthy . ' he is doing well . he is up on his feet and suckling and doing good , as is his mum . thankfully she did n't suffer , ' added mr elkington . hagrid 's owners said his mother had always birthed large lambs but that they had never seen one of his size . chris elkington and his wife louise , who have 130 breeding ewes on their farm , believe hagrid is the largest lamb ever born in the uk . while normal lambs are born at around 10inches tall , hagrid stands almost five inches taller and weighs significantly more . ' she had been a rather big ewe all year and when i got her in the shed i said to my wife we were going to have a massive lamb - but not quite that big . ' it was like lifting a small child out of her . we are very pleased . ' i have been farming for a long time - about 15 years - and never seen anything like this at all . it 's incredible . ' the previous record for the largest lamb in the uk was held by one called joan born at 24lbs . in march this year another , called the big one , was born at 2oz heavier in wales . delivered five days early on a farm in denbigh , the animal was three times heavier than the average newborn lamb . 