chelsea took a giant step towards the premier league title with a hard-fought 1-0 victory against manchester united . eden hazard 's sublime strike in the 38th minute proved crucial as jose mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of the standings . here , sportsmail 's oliver todd rates the players ' performances at stamford bridge . branislav ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking marouane fellaini ( left ) but he did well in the air throughout . chelsea ( 4-2-3-1 ) thibaut courtois 6 - while united dominated , not much to do . almost slipped up when he dropped a difficult cross . branislav ivanovic 6- tough afternoon trying to get close to fellaini but did well every time the ball came into the box in the air . booked . gary cahill 6.5 - vital block from falcao at close range . almost ruined the whole effort with late tackle on herrera that could have been a penalty . john terry 7 - strong up against falcao and gave the striker no room to manoeuvre . marshalled a backline that held its nerve . cesc fabregas ( right ) had a quiet afternoon for jose mourinho 's side . cesar azpilicueta 6 - little to do down the left as united focused on the other flank , almost set up hazard for a second . kurt zouma 5.5 - outplayed in midfield as united took early initiative and couldn’t get into the game . mourinho will say he did his job . nemanja matic 7 - back at his commanding best in second half after poor opening period . coped well against fellaini . oscar 8 - brilliant back-heeled assist for the goal . struggled from the start but grew into the game and proved decisive at both ends . booked . oscar puts in a strong tackle on united defender paddy mcnair during the first-half . cesc fabregas 6 - better with the ball than without it and as united dominated possession he found game passing him by . eden hazard 8.5 - made the difference in a big game again . constant outlet for chelsea midfield and slotted between de gea’s legs for goal . eden hazard fires through david de gea 's legs for the decisive goal in the first-half at stamford bridge . didier drogba 5 -worked hard but that lost yard of pace cost him a lot of the time . running battles with smalling and mcnair . booked . subs . ramires ( 67 , for oscar ) 6 - came on to act as a runner from midfield but didn’t really work as planned . john obi mikel ( 90 , for fabregas ) . willian ( 90 , for hazard ) . veteran forward didier drogba worked hard against united but has lost a yard of pace . manager : jose mourinho 7 - it wasn’t pretty but he found a way to stop united , a task which many others have tried and failed with in recent weeks . unused subs : cech , luis , cuadrado , solanke . de gea did not have the busiest day in london but could have been sent off for handling outside the box . manchester united ( 4-3-3 ) david de gea 6.5 - little to do as chelsea were happy to wait for their opportunities . could have been sent off for handling outside the box . antonio valencia 6 - strong up against hazard but it’s very difficult to stop the player of the year certainty in this kind of mood . chris smalling 6.5 - the senior centre back , looked calm and continued his recent good form under van gaal’s guidance . united left back luke shaw ( right ) tussles with chelsea midfielder nemanja matic . paddy mcnair 6.5 - given plenty of room and was allowed to play out from the back . twice tested courtois from distance . luke shaw 7 - great penetrative work early on and his cut-back should have set up rooney for an opener . every bit as penetrative as blind . wayne rooney 6 - back in midfield , and it blunted his influence . missed an excellent chance in the opening exchanges and should have scored . ander herrera 7.5 - dictated from deep , excellent as united took initiative . booked for diving in stoppage time as he hooked his leg on cahill 's . wayne rooney 's attacking influence was blunted by his midfield role against chelsea . marouane fellaini 6.5 - always a presence but chelsea doubled up on united’s unorthodox dangerman to stop the threat . juan mata 5 - set-piece delivery rarely found its intended target and game passed him by a little as united focused attacks down the left . radamel falcao 4 - bullied out of the game by terry . this isn’t the striker that terrorised chelsea in monaco in 2012 . hit the post late on . united 's struggling striker radamel falcao endured a tough day at the office against chelsea . ashley young 5.5 - worked well but couldn’t match his exploits of late and was withdrawn as united looked for an equaliser . subs . angel di maria ( 70 , for young ) 6 - almost set up a chance down the left but tough to break down chelsea . adnan januzaj ( 70 , for mata ) 5 - little impact after replacing equally ineffective mata . tyler blackett ( 80 , for shaw ) . manager : louis van gaal 6 - his side started confidently and strongly but he couldn’t find a way past chelsea . yet to beat his student mourinho . unused subs : valdes , rafael , van persie , pereira . referee : mike dean 6 - huge call at the end to deny herrera penalty . just about right . de gea handball was missed but difficult to judge from a distance . attendance : 41,422 . motm : eden hazard .