while pounding on the treadmill day in and day out may work for some people , for others it is a torturous task that makes exercise nearly impossible to enjoy , let alone commit to . enter ' retrosweat ' . founded by former nida graduate shannon dooley , 30 , the aerobics classes with a twist are all about ' making fitness fabulous ' . described as ' freestyle aerobic workout , ' retrosweat is inspired by the era of old-school vhs workouts made famous by jane fonda , and involves choreography to match the eighties soundtrack . scroll down for video . getting physical : shannon dooley has founded ' retrosweat ' - an eighties-inspired aerobics class in the style of jane fonda 's iconic workouts . skin and pins : typical retrosweat attire is all about showing off your legs in skimpy eighties leotards . pop it like it 's hot : a retrosweat class will have you popping , squatting and grinding to a retro soundtrack . a 50-minute workout , it has 12 dance tracks and dooley regularly mixes up the soundtrack to keep people excited each week - and on their toes . ' there 's a fusion of jogging , jumping , athletic movement and dance - and a lot of huffing and puffing ' says dooley . ' basically there 's a warm up , warm down , both high and medium impact movement that targets all areas of the body . ' there will be a leg track with squats and lunges and an arm track with push ups . ' eighties alter ego : dooley says class goers tend to adopt a complete alter ego as their costume collection grows . iconic : olivia newton-john 's aerobic anthem let 's get physical inspired many a skimpy lycra ensemble . ' being freestyle though , i like to change up the tracks and let people request songs , but also give people the structure of the same key moves each week . ' it also promises to have you ' sweating litres , laughing loads and getting buns of steel and a core to die for . ' and according to dooley , there 's nothing else like it on the market . ' what makes it different is it 's theatrical - people can come into a space that’s all about the 1980s and escape 2015 for an hour , ' says dooley . ' not to mention being physically and creatively expressive while getting exercise they need . ' and it 's not just for those stuck in a eighties time warp either . tutti frutti - in summer dooley adds ' pineapple squat challenge ' a modern take on a kettlebell workout . ' the demographic is quite wide . we have girls in their early twenties that come , ladies in their thirties , ladies in their forties who used to listen to eighties music during high school , women in early sixties who are relieved freestyle movement is back and who used to do it five times a week in the eighties . ' ' oh and we definitely have men come along too , they love it . ' overall dooley says people just like to come along because they love eighties music , want to put an amazing costume on , feel fabulous - and release endorphins - 'it’s one big healthy party ! ' when asked where she got her inspiration , surprisingly it was n't from watching her mum do jane fonda workouts . diva demographic : dooley say there 's no set demographic - attendees include men and women aged from their twenties to sixties . ' no strangely . my mum was actually an amazing tap dancer so while all my friends were in aerobics classes i watched my mum do tap exams , ' says dooley . ' she is though an amazing choreographer so that’s where i get my inspiration from . ' as for attire ? ' i wouldn’t turn away anyone who isn’t in a leotard , ' laughs dooley . ' but as people come back , gradually each week they will start to build collection . a leotard from ebay , leg warmers from american apparel and after a while they build this whole alter ego and when then they will come in wearing a g-string leotard and no one will even blink . ' on her own wardrobe , dooley takes her job very seriously , admitting she 's never worn the same outfit twice , ' an i 've been teaching for three years - so yes my lycra costumes take up a whole room now ' - ( 65 leotards to be precise ) . fit and fun : dooley says unlike treadmill workouts , retrosweat is about having fun and forgetting it 's fitness . ' i like to set the standards through my face , hair and body so people feel invited to be themselves , ' she says . aside from the costumes , music and theatrics , dooley also throws in some novelty competitions and spin off seventies and nineties classes to mix it up for regular aerobic goers . ' in summer , we do the pineapple squat challenge - so someone in the room will hold a pineapple in the squat track ( which weighs about 2kgs ) and it works just like a kettlebell , except your using the resistance of pineapple . fonda fitspo : dooley credits jane fonda as one of her main sources of inspiration behind retrosweat . ' when we do seventies class i will mix it up with a disco ball ! ' dooley says the seventies and nineties nights she likes to throw in for good measure and to mix up the moves , as well as give herself a break from eighties decade for a bit . ' nineties goes off , we dance to fresh prince and that classic song ‘ sing hallelujah ! ’ so with all this fun and flair , how does the fitness measure up ? ' for me , other than getting people to smile , escape life for an hour and enjoy themselves , the best feedback i get is about fitness . people will say , i lost four kilos and i did n't even notice ! ' says dooley . ' my class is all about the simplicity of moves ' : dooley says those with two left feet wo n't have any difficulty . ' a lot of exercise these days is scientific , counting reps and scooping protein powder . i respect that but that’s not me . my exercise has always been jumping on my bed and having fun , and i know there is a big group out there that has brains that work the same as mine , ' says dooley . ' people want variation , they want a ballad and they want to go nuts when the chorus hits . and the great thing about using songs is they 're only 3.5-4 minutes long so there’s comfort in the fact you’re jumping up and down but there 's ‘ just one more chorus’ and then we’ll be done . ' so for dooley it all just boils down to getting people excited and wanting to have a ' bodacious body . ' ' i love seeing people improve their quality of life through the magic of music and star jumps - as sentimental as that sounds . ' as for those with two left feet , dooley says you wo n't have any trouble . baby one more time : every now and again a seventies or nineties class is thrown into the mix , which dooley says ' go off ' . ' my class is all about the simplicity of moves . i think it 's much more enjoyable to do simple moves well and enjoy it than struggle with something complicated and not enjoy it . so whether you 've never danced or are a dancer who wants to keep their skills up , retrosweat is all about simplicity and completely inclusive . ' and it seems this ' blast from the past ' class is only growing . dooley now runs additional side business 'dial-a-sweat ' where she takes hens parties for a class , and has travelled all around sydney from bowral , newport and kirrabilli overlooking the harbour bridge . and with two current locations in alexandria and surry hills that run weekly ( and bondi for a while ) , dooley believes the demand is strong and she already has her eyes on even bigger things . ' i want the whole world retrosweating , that’s the plan . ' ' and if i have too much make-up on and have sweat running on my face then that’s all part of it . '