' burned up inside ' : doctors could not save eloise aimee parry , 21 , above , after she took the ' diet pills ' . deadly diet pills thought to have killed six young people in britain are being sold online for just 70p each . unscrupulous dealers in the uk and abroad are selling the potentially fatal drug , which contains a toxic chemical used in pesticides and explosives , to those desperate to lose weight . some promise next-day delivery , while others even offer free samples for those who want to ‘ try before they buy’ . the most recent victim of the chemical 2,4-dinitrophenol ( dnp ) is eloise aimee parry , 21 , as reported in yesterday’s mail . she died this month after buying it online to slim down – despite being a normal weight . five others have died since 2008 . yesterday , her mother , fiona , told how the drug arrived in a ‘nondescript’ plastic bag labelled with a white sticker embossed with the letters ‘dnp’ and an illustration of its chemical formula . she found it in her daughter’s handbag after her death in hospital on april 12 . mrs parry , 51 , a chemistry teacher , said the drug was simple to concoct , adding : ‘ a student with a decent grade in a-level chemistry could work out how to synthesise this . ’ despite the dangers , the drug can be bought cheaply and easily online , the daily mail discovered yesterday . simple internet searches found dozens of firms marketing and selling dnp as a miracle diet pill for home delivery in ‘ discreet packaging’ . others based in china were offering the powder contained in the capsules in bulk , allowing anyone to make pills and sell them online . one company claimed to be based in the uk . it had a sale on , with 100 pills for £70 . it also offered to send six free tablets to try . miss parry , from shrewsbury , died after taking eight – six more than the fatal dose . she ‘ burned up from within’ , her mother said . dnp , a yellow organic compound , is used to suppress plant growth and as an explosive . it was popular as a diet aid in the 1930s but was banned after it was found to be poisonous . despite this , it has become popular again , particularly among bodybuilders . it works by causing the body to overheat , accelerating the metabolism so it burns more fat . however it also causes dehydration , nausea , vomiting , excessive sweating and a rapid or irregular heartbeat and can lead to coma and death . long-term use can lead to the development of cataracts and skin lesions and may cause damage to the heart and nervous system . there is also evidence that dnp causes cancer and increases the risk of birth defects . bright yellow dnp powder is produced as a pesticide at chemical factories in turkey and china . it is then made into easy-to-swallow capsules by dealers who sell them online as weight-loss pills . dozens of websites advertise dnp as a fat-burning wonder drug . they promise discreet , prompt , worldwide delivery . one british website even offers customers a ‘ try before you buy’ . what the websites do not say is that dnp has been linked to at least 62 deaths worldwide . many promise that users can expect to lose 1lb of fat every day on the drug . some websites include the disclaimer ‘ research purposes only , not for human consumption’ but still sell the drug in capsule form . produced as a pesticide : yellow dnp powder . it is illegal to sell for human consumption , but sellers get around this by claiming to sell it as a pesticide or dye , which is not illegal , or with disclaimers . there is little british authorities can do because most firms are based or registered overseas . miss parry , who was bulimic , was a families and childcare studies student at glyndwr university in wrexham , north wales . on april 12 she drove herself to a & e after taking eight pills and becoming unwell . within three hours , she was dead . mrs parry said she had no idea her daughter had been taking slimming pills until she arrived at a & e to be told by doctors she had died . police are investigating the source of miss parry’s tablets . however , the british website found by the mail , which was decorated with union flags , offered next-day delivery and said the pills were ‘ the most powerful and effective weight-loss tool available’ , claiming customers could lose 1lb a day . it added : ‘ used correctly , there is simply nothing like it . ’ other firms are based in turkey , the us and russia . in almost all cases , it is impossible to trace those behind the websites because they are registered to offshore host companies . the national poisons information service said there were just six enquiries from gps about dnp in 2012 – a year later there were 300 . referring to online merchants , mrs parry , a single mother of five , said : ‘ they don’t care about the damage they inflict , about the pain and suffering of the people who take this stuff and pay a price for it . ’ the medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency can not take action against manufacturers or distributors because dnp is not classified as a medicinal product . in theory , the food standards authority could act if dnp was sold for human consumption . but most firms are registered abroad so they fall outside its jurisdiction . victims’ families have been campaigning for dnp to be classified as an illegal drug , and in 2013 , david cameron promised to ‘ look carefully’ at the issue . but in march the home office told an mp it would not make the drug illegal because it contains no ‘psychoactive’ properties . warning : fiona parry ( pictured ) , whose 21-year old eloise ( pictured during school years the photo frame ) died after swallowing diet pills , has urged others not to take the toxic substance , saying : ' it 's an awful way to die ' . shock : mrs parry said she had no idea her daughter ( pictured left and right with her mother , aged three months ) had been taking slimming pills until she arrived at a & e to be told by doctors she had died .