a tv cameraman has been banned from the aaron hernandez murder trial after admitting he followed jurors at the end of a court session . superior court judge susan garsh punished robert cusanelli of whdh-tv after two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on wednesday . ' he can not come into this building or be driving a whdh vehicle for the purpose of doing reporting work on this case , ' garsh said from the bench after cusanelli testified under oath . two jurors informed the court thursday morning that they saw someone watching them in a ford explorer . one took a picture of its license plate . two jurors from the aaron hernandez ( pictured in court on thursday ) murder trial told the court they were followed by a tv van as they made their way home in boston . robert cusanelli of boston 's whdh-tv was banned from the bristol county courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the ' purpose of reporting this case ' . cusanelli acknowledged that he followed the jurors , saying he made the decision to do so on his own to find out where jurors were parking . he said he did n't talk to the jurors , did n't take their picture or write down their license plate numbers and at the time thought he was n't doing anything wrong . ' i see now that it was a mistake , ' he said . the van was allegedly behind the jury bus as it headed towards an off-site parking lot where the jurors are dropped off at the end of the day . after learning of the allegations , garsh called the former new england patriot player and his lawyers up to have a private discussion at the bench after they arrived in court on thursday morning . according to wcvb , she said the incident could have resulted in mistrial . according to the boston globe , both the jurors are remaining on the panel . ' we 're at a stage of this case where it is obviously both vital and legally required that absolutely no juror be approached or questioned or followed in any fashion , ' garsh said at the time . ' it is the court 's view that there have to be consequences for that . ' superior court judge susan garsh has warned the tv station there could be repercussions following the incident that was reported in court on thursday . the station was told to ' investigate ' the matter before reporting back to the court . the 12 jurors spent a combined nine hours deliberating on tuesday and wednesday . they continued deliberating after the judge questioned the jurors involved and spoke to the attorney but did not reach a verdict on thursday . they will return on friday as hernandez awaits his fate . hernandez is charged with the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd , who was dating his fiancée 's sister . lloyd was shot six times in an industrial park less than a mile from hernandez 's home . jurors must deliberate every day from 9am to 4:30 pm. , and may go later if they wish . on wednesday they asked the judge for clarification on weapon and ammunition possession charges hernandez faces . the judge brought the jury in wednesday afternoon after receiving two questions about the possession charges . hernandez is charged with illegally possessing a .45-caliber handgun and .22-caliber ammunition . the former new england patriots player aaron hernandez speaks to defense attorney charles rankin in the courtroom of the bristol county superior court house on april 8 , 2015 . the jury are now deliberating . two friends of hernandez , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , are also charged with murder and will be tried separately . prosecutors contend that the three men , in the early hours of june 17 , 2013 , picked lloyd up at his home in boston and drove him to the industrial park where his body was found riddled with bullets later that day . during the trial , which began in january and featured more than 130 witnesses , prosecutors showed video footage of hernandez coming and going from his home around the time of lloyd 's death . investigators did not recover the gun that was used to shoot lloyd , a .45-caliber glock pistol . hernandez faces a charge of murder and two firearms-related violations . if convicted of first-degree murder , he would be sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . a second-degree murder conviction would lead to a life sentence with the possibility of parole after 15 years . hernandez had been a rising star in the national football league with a $ 41 million contract when he was arrested on june 26 , 2013 . the patriots dropped him within hours .