a 28-year-old teacher has been charged after she allegedly exchanged multiple nude pictures and videos with a 14-year-old student she began texting when he was just 12 . whitney fetters , from putnam city , oklahoma , turned herself into cops in february after other students told teachers about the pictures but she was released after posting $ 10,000 bail . on wednesday , oklahoma county prosecutors charged her with one count of soliciting sex with a minor and one count of possession of marijuana . the spanish teacher , who has since lost her job at hefner middle school , allegedly planned to invite the boy to spend the night with her as she was house-sitting ' so they could get high and have sex ' . scroll down for video . charged : whitney fetters has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana . accused : she allegedly exchanged naked photos and sexual videos with the boy , and sent him sexually suggestive text messages . she also invited him over to get high and have sex . she had met the victim at the middle school when he was 12 and the two began sending each other harmless text messages , but last year , the messages became sexual . court documents cited by news9 earlier this year indicated the victim sent the first sexually explicit message , telling fetters he thought she was ' hot ' with a partially nude photo of the boy . they allegedly went on to exchange 20 naked and partially nude images , as well as videos of themselves performing sex acts and explicit snapchat messages . one text allegedly sent by fetters to the boy read , ' touching myself is fun ' , wset reported . another featured a photo of the woman wearing only her underwear with a text : ' that 's all you get . ' the teacher allegedly planned to invite the boy over to stay the night so they could have sex on february 13 , but authorities learned of the relationship before that was able to happen . the plan emerged after other students told school staff that the boy had inappropriate photos of a woman , the oklahoman reported . caught : fetters first started messaging the boy when he was 12 and the texts turned sexual last year . fired : the 28-year-old spanish teacher was fired after students told staff that the boy had photos of her . officials learned of the allegations against the middle school teacher on january 30 . when two school principals approached him during a school sporting event , he allegedly deleted the explicit photos and videos , but police were able to recover them . during a search of fetters ' family home , police seized her cell phone , computers , marijuana , and lingerie matching the photos found on the student 's ipad . she was removed from her job and no longer works for the school district . fetters graduated from the university of central oklahoma with a ba in spanish . according to public records , she is not married .