common creams used to treat athlete 's foot and eczema could undo the damage of multiple sclerosis , scientists claim . the surprise discovery could pave the way to ground-breaking new therapies for the devastating auto-immune disease , which affects around 2.5 million worldwide . scientists found that the anti-fungal agent miconazole and the steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis ( ms ) . in laboratory tests , they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin , the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease . common creams used to treat athlete 's foot and eczema could cure multiple sclerosis , scientists claim . dr robert miller , of the us team from case western reserve university who carried out the study , said the results marked a significant breakthrough . he said : ' it was a striking reversal of disease severity in the mice . ' the drugs that we identified are able to enhance the regenerative capacity of stem cells in the adult nervous system . ' this truly represents a paradigm shift in how we think about restoring function to multiple sclerosis patients . ' miconzanole is sold over the counter in most pharmacies as a cream to treat athlete 's foot , while clobetasol cream is commonly prescribed to treat eczema . although both drugs are widely used , a way must be found to use them safely as internal human treatments rather than creams or ointments before clinical trials can be considered . the researchers are confident this problem can be solved , but have warned patients not to jump the gun by using the drugs prematurely . lead scientist professor paul tesar , from case western reserve school of medicine , said : ' we appreciate that some patients or their families feel they can not wait for the development of specific approved medications , but off-label use of the current forms of these drugs is more likely to increase other health concerns than alleviate multiple sclerosis symptoms . ' we are working tirelessly to ready a safe and effective drug for clinical use . ' ms is a condition of the central nervous system , where the coating around nerve fibres ( called myelin ) is damaged , causing a range of symptoms . the specific symptoms that appear depend upon which part of the central nervous system is affected and the job of the damaged nerve . people with ms might suffer fatigue , vision problems and difficulties with walking , but the condition is different for everyone . symptoms can come and go and can vary greatly in terms of severity . there may be periods of relapse of varying length and severity . at present , there is no cure for ms but the symptoms can be treated . it is usually diagnosed in people aged 20 to 40 , and it affects almost three times as many women as men . worldwide , it is estimated that more than 2.5 million people have ms . source : multiple sclerosis trust . ms occurs when the immune system attacks myelin , thereby disrupting the passage of nerve signals . as the disease progresses , it produces symptoms ranging from mild numbness or tingling to full blown paralysis . occasionally , it can prove fatal . although current treatments can slow progression of ms and reduce its symptoms , the disease remains incurable . one new approach is to focus on special stem cells called oligodendrocyte progenitor cells ( opcs ) that mature into myelin-producing cells . while other scientists have looked at ways of replacing lost stem cells using transplantation techniques , the case western team set out to find a way of stimulating existing , but inactive , opcs . after screening 727 potential drug candidates , they identified two - miconazole and clobetasol - that coaxed the opcs to form oligodendrocytes and repair nerve fibres stripped of myelin . ' we know that there are stem cells throughout the adult nervous system that are capable of repairing the damage caused by multiple sclerosis , but until now , we had no way to direct them to act , ' said prof tesar . ' our approach was to find drugs that could catalyse the body 's own stem cells to replace the cells lost in multiple sclerosis . ' as well as testing the drugs on mice affected by ms , the scientists also observed their effect on human opcs in the laboratory . the response was similar to that seen in mouse cells , with miconazole exerting the most potent effect . co-author dr fadi najm , also from case western reserve university , said : ' we have pioneered technologies that enable us to generate both mouse and human opcs in our laboratory . ' this uniquely positioned us to test if these drugs could also stimulate human opcs to generate new myelinating cells . ' scientists said the finding was significant as it could pave the way to new therapies for ms , which affects around 2.5 million worldwide . the drugs also hold out the promise of treatments for other diseases that involve myelin loss or dysfunction , including cerebral palsy , age-related dementia , optic neuritis and schizophrenia , the scientists believe . british immunology expert professor daniel altmann , from imperial college london , said : ' this study offers the highly attractive possibility of re-targeting existing , safe , drugs for the purpose of promoting therapeutic remyelination . ' the data appear to suggest that the drugs can to some extent limit disability in experimental models of ms , though there is clearly much more to be optimised in this area , not least as the models tried thus far do not really look at effects on chronic demyelination . ' however , particularly for patients with progressive ms - where it can be difficult to know how to impact the ongoing deterioration , these approaches offer the great advantage that these are tried , tested and safe drugs passed for use in humans . ' some caution is clearly warranted , however , when one considers the long haul from benefits in tissue culture models of myelination to a complex and diverse human disease such as ms . ' the findings were published in the journal nature .