it was recently revealed that she will be designing a dress for charity and pippa middleton proved she knows a thing or two about fashion as she stepped out in a chic ensemble in london on thursday . the 31-year-old sister of the duchess of cambridge looked glamorous as she strolled through the sunny streets of london . pippa looked as chic as ever in a tweedy skirt , black blouse and cropped black blazer . the brunette writer accessorised her look with a black tote , £159 black pumps by jemima vine and oversized sunglasses . scroll down for video . pippa middleton looked glamorous as she strolled through the sunny streets of london on thursday . just last week , pippa was positively glowing in a tailored plum dress at the spectator 's annual party at belgraves hotel in london , on tuesday night . the 31-year-old , who is a regular columnist for the weekly cultural and political magazine , appeared relaxed and happy at the event . pippa looked as chic as ever in a tweedy skirt , black blouse and cropped black blazer . pippa , known for her impeccable sense of style , accessorised her look with a black tote , £159 black pumps by jemima vine and oversized sunglasses . jemima vine edie lizard flats . steal pippa 's style ! visit site . when it comes to flat shoes , jemima vine rules the roost . and although the brand is a favorite with celebs , it seems pippa middleton has a particularly soft spot for the flat shoe experts . she 's been spotted previously wearing at least four different variations on their signature pointed flat design , with this lizard material style being the latest to catch her eye . we can understand why pippa is so obsessed with them . after all , flat shoes are a staple item in any stylista 's wardrobe , so why would n't you invest in a luxe-looking pair like these that are guarantee to endure season after season ? take a leaf out of pippa 's stylish and practical book , and click right to snap them up . but if you 're after a budget buy , then get the look with our edit below - forever 21 's style could easily pass as a designer pair ! forever 21 faux suede smoking slippers ( now $ 14.99 ) visit site . sperry top-sider smoking slipper at nordstrom rack ( now $ 49.97 ) visit site . j . crew celo suede loafers . visit site . charlotte russe perforated smoking slippers ( now $ 14.99 ) visit site . pippa 's brunette locks blew in the breeze as she made her way through the busy london streets . just weeks away from the birth of a new niece or nephew , she looked demure in the purple number by with a coral belt and matching high heels , which served to showcase her slim physique . the spectator was first launched in 1828 , making it the oldest published magazine in the english language . spectator life is the lifestyle supplement from the main magazine and the duchess of cambridge 's sister has contributed columns about food , truffle hunting and wine tasting since december 2012 . pippa joined other celebrity guests to celebrate the supplement 's third birthday at the swanky belgravia venue . pippa is just weeks away from welcoming a new niece or nephew to the family as her sister , the duchess of cambridge , prepares to give birth for the second time . at the party , pippa revealed that she is having a stab at a new career - this time as a dress designer . pippa , whose plans to be a presenter on us tv fell flat , told the mail on sunday that she is teaming up with an old pal , designer tabitha webb , to bring out a ‘ pippa dress’ in time for a charity ball she will host in november . her plan is to sell it to friends in lieu of donations for a cycle trek across europe that pippa , is doing with brother james . ‘i’m feeling guilty asking my friends to donate again , ’ pippa , a regular fundraiser , said . pippa was positively glowing in a tailored plum dress at the spectator life magazine 's third birthday at the belgraves hotel .