louis van gaal celebrated his derby demolition in style on sunday night as he was snapped with manchester city women 's players toni duggan and isobel christiansen in a restaurant . duggan uploaded a photograph on instagram of her , christiansen and everton 's michelle hinnigan at wing 's chinese restaurant following united 's 4-2 win against their great rivals city , and wrote : ' heyyy louis van g ! ! ! ! nice to share a wings with you ... ... [ sic ] . ' duggan later deleted the post . duggan has since removed the photo from instagram and issued an apology on facebook . her apology read : ' i would like to apologise to all mcfc fans for the error of judgement i made last night . ' i now appreciate the significance of my actions and can assure everyone connected with manchester city that i am proud to represent the club and wear the shirt . ' wing 's is the go-to place for footballers in manchester , with england and united captain wayne rooney among its regulars , but the only city stars in sight were duggan and christiansen . louis van gaal pictured with manchester city women 's players toni duggan ( left ) and isobel christiansen ( far right ) , while they were joined by everton 's michelle hinnigan at wing 's restaurant . manchester united manager louis van gaal leaves wing 's restaurant after celebrating the win with friends . van gaal was at the go-to restaurant for footballers and celebrities with his wife truss and friends . the group seemed in high spirits after united 's 4-2 humiliation of their neighbours city at old trafford . van gaal embraces mr wing following the meal at his restaurant as the united manager celebrated in style . van gaal gets ready to leave ... and he may not worry too much about being given a ticket after the derby win . click here to read ian ladyman 's report . goals from ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling won united the bragging rights , while sergio aguero scored twice for the visitors in the eighth and 89th minutes . the red half of manchester were given reason to celebrate as they moved four points clear of their noisy neighbours in the barclays premier league , and van gaal decided to let his hair down . asked how he planned to celebrate at his post-match press conference , van gaal said : ' i can go to mr wing 's because when you win you can go . ' when you lose then the fans are saying , `` what is mr louis van gaal doing ? losing and he goes to the best restaurant of manchester ? '' now i can go . maybe i shall go . ' ander herrera ( left ) and juan mata hit the town to celebrate the win against their great rivals city . daley blind is snapped leaving wing 's restaurant on sunday evening after celebrating the derby win . duggan was snapped with a few more united legends last week with phil and gary neville , and paul scholes . apr 18 - chelsea ( a ) . apr 26 - everton ( a ) . may 2 - west brom ( h ) . may 9 - crystal palace ( a ) . may 17 - arsenal ( h ) . may 24 - hull city ( a ) . he did just that and was joined by his wife truus with friends from holland at the five-star chinese restaurant in the city centre . van gaal described humiliating city as the ' best feeling ' he had since moving to old trafford , and added : ' this week they [ the players and supporters ] can go on the streets , heads up and say : `` we are the better team because goal average ( over the two derbies ) is in our favour . '' ' it seems united 's players followed his advice as ander herrera , mata and daley blind were spotted painting the town red , too . they wo n't be able to celebrate for too long , however , as united must prepare to visit the premier league 's runaway leaders chelsea . van gaal goes up against jose mourinho at stamford bridge this saturday , and will try to throw a spanner in the works as chelsea aim to seal the title . duggan of city ( centre ) tries to fend off two sunderland markers during a match earlier this month . city 's 23-year-old forward christiansen pictured playing for the etihad outfit previously . wing 's is the go-to place for footballers but the only city stars in sight were duggan and christiansen ( above ) . hinnigan ( left ) of everton passes the ball during a match between the merseyside club and notts county . wing 's restaurant is located in manchester city centre . it attracts a certain type of clientele ... with owner mr wing never afraid to push for as much publicity as possible . so , who goes there ? the class of '92 have eaten there , and wayne rooney is a regular . the england and united captain celebrated his last two birthdays there , and held a q & a session at the restaurant . rooney was helping wing 's gain publicity after starring in an educational video in the build-up to the chinese new year on february 19 . radamel falcao – the day he signed for manchester united – tweeted a picture with agent jorge mendes and his lawyers , paulo rendeiro and carlos osorio , enjoying a glass of wine , some prawn crackers and a meal at wing 's . radamel falcao celebrated his loan move to manchester by visiting the restaurant with his posse . who is the owner ? wing shing chu owns the restaurant . he used to worked in manchester 's chinatown before moving to cheadle hulme , near stockport , and opening a wing 's restaurant there . he was so successful , however , that he left his wife in charge of that establishment and opened his flagship restaurant in the city centre . wing 's is the go-to place for footballers in manchester , with wayne rooney a regular ( pictured previously ) . captain rooney pictured previously at wing 's restaurant for a q and a session with united supporters . but i could n't afford it , could i ? you could actually ! there is an extensive a la carte menu , but there are also two set banquet options coming in at £30.90 or £44.90 per person . banquet b at £44.90 per person offers : starter - steamed scallop in shell with garlic and glass vermicelli . second course - baked lobster with ginger and spring onions . main courses - crispy chilli shredded fillet steak , steamed sea bass with ginger and spring onions in soya sauce , quick-fried sea treasures ( monkfish fillet , scallops and king prawns ) , stir-fried king prawns and chinese greens , as well as pak far roasted duck , all served with mixed seafood fried rice . dessert - fresh fruit platter . rooney pictured leaving wing 's previously after having lunch with his manager and brother-in-law . wing 's ' kindly request for smart dress at all times ( i.e . no trainers , sandals , shorts , casual sportswear ) ' what about the dress code ? wing 's management ' kindly request for smart dress at all times ( i.e . no trainers , sandals , shorts , casual sportswear ) ' . so falcao and rooney can not be turning up straight from training in their kits , unfortunately . clare balding tweeted how she was at wing 's restaurant with robin van persie and the owner previously . just for fun , how much food could falcao get on £280,000-a-week wages ? falcao could afford to order 6,236 meals per week and still have £3.60 left over ... for his bus fare home if necessary ! another visitor with van persie and falcao was patrick kluivert ( right ) , who tweeted this photograph .