a family have claimed the body of an infant who was discovered deceased and buried on a sydney beach last year , in order to give her a proper funeral . on november 30 , 2014 , two young boys were playing on maroubra beach when they uncovered the body of a baby girl buried under 30 centimetres of sand . now locals filomena d'alessandro and bill green have claimed the infant 's body in order to provide her with a fitting farewell . 'we’re local and my husband is a police officer and he’s worked with many of the officers investigating it , ' ms d'alessandro told daily mail australia . scroll down for video . a sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on maroubra beach ( pictured ) on november 30 , 2014 . filomena d'alessandro and bill green have claimed the infant 's remains , who they have named lily grace , in order to provide her with a fitting farewell . ' above all as a mother i wanted to do something for that little girl , ' she added . since january the couple , who were married last year and have three children between them , have been trying to claim the baby after they heard police were going to give her a ' destitute burial ' . ' the most frustrating part has been the wait and we did n't know when it was going to happen . ' with the help of the local community they managed to raise enough funds to provide the baby girl , who they have named lily grace , with a funeral , even though they were ' prepared to pay for the funeral on our own ' . ms d'alessandro said the maroubra community were rocked by the discovery of the little girl 's body last year . 'it’s terrible , we had just heard about the other baby who had been dumped the week before in quakers hill . despite a lengthy investigation nsw police were unable to locate the family of the abandoned baby . the ' very small ' infant was dug up about 50 metres away from the closest footpath leading off the beach . lifeguards assisted police at the crime scene : officers dressed in full protective gear and masks removed the body at about 1pm . ' and to have it happen in maroubra , it was just so shocking , ' she said . a service will be held for lily grace on wednesday at the south chapel at the eastern suburbs memorial park , and ms d'alessandro and mr green have asked anyone still wishing to donate to instead give money to the royal women’s hospital . they will also be collecting funds from the maroubra woman 's workplace at raine and horne , and at the service this week to go towards the hospital . ' i think it’s going to be very lovely , everyone’s come together to put it together , ' ms d'alessandro said of the upcoming funeral . the body of the baby girl , whose mother was never found , was discovered by two boys aged six and seven who were playing in the sand after their nippers session . aged six and seven , the two boys found the ' very small ' infant while digging in the sand during their weekly sunday morning session at the southern end of maroubra beach in sydney 's eastern suburbs . maroubra surf life saving is providing counselling for the two boys who discovered the body as well as other surf club members . at the time inspector andrew holland urged the mother of the child to come forward and seek medical assistance . for some time the sex and age of the child was unable to be determined due to decompostion . police were called to the scene at about 10:05am on november 30 to investigate the ' suspicious ' incident . officers dressed in full protective gear and masks removed the body by about 1pm on the same day . at the time inspector andrew holland urged the mother of the child to come forward and seek medical assistance . police are also trawled through hospital , and deaths , births and marriages records in the hope of identifying the baby . the grisly discovery came just over a week after a newborn boy was found abandoned in a 2.4 metre deep drain in quakers hill . a post mortem examination will be conducted to establish the cause of the child 's death . patrol captain for maroubra surf life saving , phil dutton , said a lot of suspicious activity happens on the south end of maroubra beach and called for the installation of cctv cameras . the mayor of randwick city council , ted seng , said : ' south maroubra is one of our more isolated beaches , but it is patrolled by randwick council lifeguards and volunteer surf life savers from south maroubra surf life saving club ' . there are also serious concerns for the wellbeing of the two young boys who found the decomposed remains . ' it 's horrible , just awful , ' a witness , monica , said . ' the under six nippers were digging in the sand and they found it , ' one surf lifesaver , who did not wish to be named , told daily mail australia . ' it 's just awful . it will have traumatised the poor the kids for life , no matter how much counselling they get . ' ' it hits so close to home . especially after that baby was found in a drain last week , ' the lifesaver added . maroubra surf life saving is providing counselling for the two boys who discovered the body , as well as other surf club members . the surf lifesaver also mentioned that the far south and north ends of the beach can be troublesome areas , saying that the lack of light or any kind of surveillance meant they attracted some questionable behaviour . to donate to the cause visit the everyday hero page or go directly to the royal women 's hospital . 