australian shoppers will no longer be offered second best a season late . as of wednesday 22nd april , department store myer will be holding a unprecedented designer sale sure to melt the plastic cards of fashionistas in melbourne , sydney , brisbane and perth , in a bid to keep up with international retailers . the department store , which stocks top end australian labels including alex perry , toni maticevski , lisa ho as well as international labels balmain , dkny and alexander mcqueen , will see a departure from premium price tags in order to make way for the latest collections in store . sale season : myer has announced it is holding a 75 per cent of designer label sale from wednesday 22nd . the move by myer comes at a time when there is a greater need than ever to bridge the gap between online and overseas retailer pricing . the department store is understood to have brokered deals to stock international designer collections at the same time as european and american retailers . sydney shoppers get set : the sydney cbd will be one of a few selective myer stores to hold a designer sale . shoppers heaven : myer has mark downs between 65-75 per cent off designer shoes , accessories and clothes . this , fortunately for australian shoppers , means making way for new season collections by slashing the prices of current season stock - at a staggering 75 per cent off . with bernie brookes , the ceo of myer stepping down last month , this move is said to be the influence of new chief richard umbers , in an attempt to revive the iconic department store 's australian market . catwalk to credit card : balmain ( left ) and nina ricci ( right ) will be some of the designer brands on sale . ' we think our customers are going to be very excited by this opportunity , ' myer’s karen brewster , told the daily telegraph . aside from clothing , the sale will also see a generous 70 per cent of designer accessories and footwear and 65 per cent of designer handbags and wallets prices across labels including emilio pucci , marc by marc jacobs , see by chloe , jean paul gaultier , mcq alexander mcqueen , moschino , balmain and dkny . the sale will run from wednesday 22nd until sunday 26th or until sold out . cbd hot spot : cbd myer stores including sydney ( pictured ) , melbourne , brisbane and perth will have sales . 