' you guys ready to play some golf ? ' asked the starter . and , yes he was . that 's exactly what tiger woods was ready for . some golf . he smiled , slapped his playing partner rory mcilroy on the back . damn right he was ready . not to win maybe . not yet . by the summer , though , who knows ? there have been enough sightings of the old tiger at augusta this week not to give up on him yet . the problem with new tiger , though , is that as desperate as he appears to march on , obstacles line his path , like tree roots . in some cases , exactly like tree roots . at the ninth , playing out of the augusta pines , woods found such a root at full pelt on his follow through . he dropped his club like a red-hot poker , face creased with pain . woods claimed that a bone popped out in his right arm , right there , but he reset it . there was a degree of scepticism about the extent of that injury , but either way it continued to bother him for several holes and was rotten luck . there is , however , a well-worn method of avoiding such misfortune . hit it on the fairway . woods did not find a solitary preferred landing area until the 13th , when he was rewarded with an eagle . up to that point , he spent so much time in the trees he should have been fitted with a lumberjack shirt . at the tenth he was in so deep they were thinking of sending lassie for help . tiger woods looks over his second shot on the seventh hole as the augusta crowd look on . woods ( left ) speaks to playing partner rory mcilroy as the pair wait to tee off on the first tee . woods reacts in pain after hitting a shot out of the pine straw on the ninth hole . still , it could have been worse . this was the masters that tiger was advised to miss . there were some sage voices out there , saying his old friend would turn on him , that he might be embarrassed by his favourite homeland course . his game was broken , he was broken , it was argued . this was no country for an old man with faltering short irons . some folk wanted their happy memories preserved . these four days , however , have revealed a healthier reality . woods did n't come back too soon , he just took his leave too late . looking at the tournaments he played in january and february , it was plain he did n't want to be there . he should have called time out then . had he done so , had he started his recovery earlier , who knows where his game would have been by the time he reached augusta ? were it not for the phenomenon of jordan spieth 's first 54 holes , he would have been in contention here starting the final day . woods , like mcilroy , began six under par but with spieth ten shots ahead , it was idealistic to even contemplate a charge . woods would have needed a score approaching the course record , and spieth a collapse – and he is not well-placed for miracles yet . another major ? well , you would n't bet against that one . woods tees off on the tenth but in the end he did not manage to challenge runaway winner jordan spieth . woods plays out of the bunker by the sixteenth green at augusta national . it could be argued that the enthusiasm for tiger 's performance this weekend shows how far he has fallen . after all , two of his four rounds – the first and last – were over par , and in the head to head on sunday mcilroy beat him by seven shots . this was far from tournament winning golf . then again mcilroy is the world no 1 , woods 110 places below and has barely played this year . he has reshaped his swing which continues to be a work in progress . he would not say when he will play next after this . ' it wo n't be for a while , ' woods confirmed . ' i like what i 'm doing , so i 'm going to go back and work on that . ' where this will leave him for the majors short-term it is hard to say . he finished in the top 20 here , his best return since 2013 and many rated this as the best of several recent comebacks , one that inspired speculation about his readiness for st andrews in july . he loves the old course almost as much as he loves augusta . it brings the best out of him – and tiger 's best may still be good enough , somewhere , some day . he was blown away here – they all were – by a 21-year-old texan who has rewritten the record books . by the time woods and mcilroy stood on the tee at 2.30pm local time , spieth had spoiled it for just about everyone . only two men – justin rose and phil mickelson – were deemed capable of catching him . the world finally saw the two biggest names in golf paired in the final round of a major , only for it to be part of a distant undercard . maybe that was why sunday 's round fell flat – for woods , not mcilroy . mcilroy ( left ) celebrates after sinking a birdie putt on the eighteenth green as woods looks on . mcilroy ( right ) taps woods on the shoulder after the pair shake hands following the end of their round . the ulsterman finished fourth and shot 66 to equal the best round of the day . once again , inconsistency cost him dear at augusta . he was three over par through the first 27 and with spieth scoring so fiercely the masters was gone from there . it is woods 's record of 18 under par that spieth has equalled . in the difficult circumstances that preceded this tournament , tiger most certainly brought his a game , circa 2015 ; how was he to know he also required a time machine to make it 1997 again and stay in the mix ? what is plain , despite sunday 's disappointment , is that rumours of tiger 's demise were exaggerated . he was diagnosed from afar as having the chipping yips , and there were plenty of amateur physicians declaring his condition at best chronic and at worst incurable . phil mickelson , however , offered a second opinion . speaking at torrey pines , where woods quit after 12 holes to rebuild his short game , he was a rare voice predicting this cautiously positive return . ' i think tiger 's going to have the last laugh , ' mickelson said . ' i think his short game , historically , is one of the best of all time and when you have n't played it 's the first thing to feel uncomfortable and the quickest thing to get back . i do n't think he 's going to have any problems . we have all had stretches where we do n't hit it solid and usually it 's just a small tweak . it 's such a short swing that it 's not a hard thing to fix . i do n't see that lasting more than a week or two . ' last year 's champion bubba watson ( left ) presents winner spieth with the green jacket at augusta . woods reacts after missing a birdie putt on the twelfth hole on sunday afternoon . woods hits from the edge of the pine by the tenth hole as the large crowds behind him watch on . it took a little longer than that – with considerably harder graft – but considering some feared we had seen the last of tiger , this was a tentative return to form . if there was a turning point , it came at the 11th on day one , when he missed the green right and saved par with a quite fabulous chip . anyone who had the chipping yips , it was said , would still be there now , trying to get up and down . woods would have known the world was watching his every tic , too . his golf has not been without flaws since , not least his driving , but his short game was a weapon around augusta , as it once was . there had been a practice round earlier in the week in which woods was rumoured to have outplayed spieth down the back nine . there was no sign of that individual superiority over the ensuing four days – 19 shots between them and spieth leading wire to wire – but this was never about woods winning at augusta . this was about him being back in the game , holding his end up , about him looking like he was enjoying golf , and life , and there was certainly evidence of that . he will probably need to work sun up to sun down again , and to win a minor , before he can land a major , but would anyone bet against it given the sight of him walking augusta on sunday in the company of the world no 1 ? ready to play some golf ? one day tiger may face down rory and it will matter . and maybe even one day soon .