it is billed as the most important meal of the day and many people grade a restaurant on the quality of their bacon and eggs on offer . but after fierce competition and testing , experts have ruled the the best breakfast is available from your local morrisons . the supermarket beat major hotel , restaurant and pub chains to achieve the title of britain 's best breakfast . morrisons has been named the best place to get breakfast in the uk - beating restaurants , pubs and hotels to win the title - with its big breakfast ( pictured ) one of the most popular items on its extensive morning menu . it was picked out by judges of the menu innovation and development awards ( midas ) for its value for money , food quality and customer satisfaction . richard jones , morrisons head chef , said : ' the great british breakfast is a national institution , so to be voted the nation 's best is an honour . ' the secret of our success is offering shoppers a good selection of fresh breakfast items to please all tastes - granola and porridge have become very popular in recent times , and of course there 's nothing like the breakfast of champions , the full english . ' the supermarket chain offers a variety of breakfasts from porridge with red berries to its infamous big breakfast for £4.50 . morrisons was named best in the breakfast category , beating wetherspoons and bella italia which were shortlisted for the awards . last year the award went to intercontinental hotels which charges £28 for its cooked breakfast at its 5-star london park lane hotel . and the year before macdonald hotels won the accolade . a full english at its 4-star macdonald manchester hotel and spa costs £19.50 . mystery shoppers tried breakfasts at restaurants , pubs and hotels nationwide to name morrisons the winner . the midas awards were launched to recognise the efforts of food development managers in major restaurant and food service chains , and previous winners include the marriott and intercontinental hotel groups . as part of the judging process organisers send a team of ' mystery shoppers ' to try the breakfast menu at all competing venues - from croissants and bacon rolls to the full english . they then score each menu in terms of value for money , food quality and customer expectation levels . morrisons ' 400 in-store cafes , which serve breakfast until 4pm . nationwide they sell 100,000 big breakfasts a week , and also stock vegetarian options . morrison 's nationwide sell around 10,000 of their signature ' big breakfast ' a week . this has : 3 x rashers of british market st. bacon . 1 x british market st. sausage . 1 x egg ( choice of fried , scrambled or poached ) . 2 x hash browns . heinz baked beanz . mushrooms . fried tomato . fried bread . served with red or brown sauce . simon peat , of award organisers inside foodservice , said : ' our judges were dispatched to three morrisons across the country , to try the full range of items on the menu , and they scored top marks each time . morrisons is the best place for breakfast . ' as the saying goes , breakfast is the most important meal of the day - and there 's lot of prestige within the industry to be named as the home of the best breakfast in the uk . ' british breakfast staples have enjoyed a boost in popularity recently - with sales of british back bacon and eggs increasing . in 2013 british bacon producers exported over £33million worth of the meat to nearly 70 countries , with another £1.3million worth of black pudding sold to foreign countries including spain , ireland and norway . eggs were exported to 57 countries .    