the white house , sensing a legislative defeat was nigh , today said president barack obama would be willing to meet congress half way and sign legislation codifying its role in processing a nuclear deal with iran if a senate committee axed key portions of the bill during a formal review this afternoon . senators later voted 19-0 to give the white house some of , but not all of its asks , and left in a signature feature of the bill giving congress the authority to approve a final deal with iran that the white house earlier implied may have been on the chopping block . it now goes to the full senate , where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers . the house 's top vote counter on monday said lawmakers in the lower chamber would also take up the bill after their colleagues in the senate finished the voting process . senators voted 19-0 to give the white house some of , but not all of its asks , and left in a signature feature of the bill giving congress the authority to approve a final deal with iran that the white house earlier implied may have been on the chopping block . the obama administration was in panic-mode this week , trying to strike a last-minute deal with legislators on both sides of the aisle that would satisfy its concerns with bill , which the white house had said as recently as yesterday that the president would ' absolutely ' veto as written . while the legislative branch was in recess administration officials called 130 members of congress to try to persuade them not to act until the political framework that iran agreed a week before firmed up . officials ramped up their efforts in classified briefings with lawmakers today and yesterday . among the white house 's demands were that the senate foreign relations committee drop from the bill a requirement to for iran to certify that it has not backed terrorism against americans , cut down a 60-day ' window for congress to look over a deal and ' clarify ' that it is the president 's ' decision to make ' whether or not to enter into an agreement with iran . it also said it wants legislators to promise that the bill currently under discussion ' would be the one and only mechanism for codifying precisely what the appropriate congressional oversight is into this matter . ' ' if we arrived at a place where the bill that is passed by the senate foreign relations committee with bipartisan support is essentially is a vote to vote later on congressional sanctions - not the decision about whether or not to enter into the agreement - that would certainly resolve some of the concerns we 've expressed about the authority that is exercised by the president of the united states to conduct foreign policy , ' white house spokesman josh earnest said . it is ' critical ' earnest said that the legislation that comes out of the senate is bipartisan so that ' there is n't an untoward effort to insert a different provision into some sort of must-pass piece of legislation that could really gum up the works here . ' ' and if presented with a compromise along the lines that i just laid out here , that would be the kind of compromise the president would be willing to sign , ' he said . earnest later indicated that the president 's signature would be predicated on senators watering the bill down to just a vote to later vote on congressional sanctions and the inclusion of language that would make clear the proper role of congressional oversight . ' if the president were writing this piece of legislation it would look substantially different , ' he said , noting that he did n't want to leave reporters with the impression that even in senators were ' willing to agree to this substantial number of changes that i 've laid out here , that we 're gon na be particularly thrilled about the legislation that emerges . ' i rather think what we would find ourselves with is the kind of compromise that the president would be willing to sign , ' earnest explained . senate foreign relations committee chairman sen. bob corker , the author of the bill , center , shakes hands with the committee 's ranking member sen. ben cardin after the committee unanimously passed the iran nuclear agreement review act of 2015 . he later expressed concern that republican members , if given a vote on the final deal , would be ' willing to flush down the toilet the best bet that we have ' in favor of carrying out air raids on iran , as former u.s . ambassador john bolton has suggested . ' only ' that kind of military action ' can accomplish what is required , ' bolton said in a march 25 new york times op-ed . ' time is terribly short , but a strike can still succeed . ' the bill 's lead sponsor , senate foreign relations committee chairman bob corker , during the hearing noted that as a result of 1600 pennsylvania 's last-ditch lobbying efforts , misinformation was circulating about the current language of the bill . ' this legislation is exactly the congressional review that we 've been working on since day one , ' he said , and had '100 percent of the integrity ' senators on the committee hoped it would . lawmakers did agree to take out the terrorism provision and to reduce the review period from 60 days to 30 days but refused to cut it out entirely . and sanctions that have been put in place , corker explained ' can not be lifted without the administration bringing to us every detail of the deal . ' then , he said , ' the clock will start ' on the period of time congress has to debate and decide if it wants to move ahead with a resolution of approval or disapproval - and in the meantime no sanctions can be lifted . and that 's not the end of it , he explained , ' congress stays involved . ' every 90 days , the administration would have to certify that iran is in compliance with the accord , and if there are violations , the executive branch would have 10 days to notify congress so it can reapply sanctions if necessary . ' so i think this puts congress in its rightful role , ' he said . the white house , sensing a legislative defeat was nigh , today said president barack obama would be willing to meet congress half way and sign legislation codifying its role in processing a nuclear deal with iran if a senate committee axed key portions of the bill during a formal review this afternoon . in the end , the committee decided to buck the white house . pushing back on the administration 's suggestions that supporters of the senate legislation are warmongers , virginia democrat tim kaine , a key force in the bipartisan negotiations around the deal , characterized the claims as ' ridiculous ' and ' offensive ' during the committee meeting , 'i’m pro-diplomacy ... but i have also been strongly pro the need for congressional approval , ' he posited . ' i actually think that congressional approval , in this instance under the framework that is now before us , is necessary , helpful and what the american public demands and deserves . '' democratic chuck schumer , next in line for his party 's top leadership role in the supper chamber , applauded corker and ranking democratic senator ben cardin for coming to a bipartisan agreement on how to move forward . '‎i 'm certainly in favor of what they 've put together , ' he said , throwing his support behind the bill . new jersey democrat cory booker also lent his name to the legislation this afternoon , signing on as a cosponsor . ' the united states must do everything in its power to prevent iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon , ' he said in a statement . ' the framework deal with iran is an important step forward in accomplishing this goal by diplomatic means . ' but as the body that imposed sanctions on iran , congress has a vitally important role in any process that seeks to modify them , ' he added . ' the corker-menendez bill sets up a reasonable mechanism for congress to have a voice in the process that will help make any agreement with iran as strong as possible . ' fellow new jersey senator bob menendez , a namesake of the bill who temporarily stepped aside as ranking member of the committee as he deals with legal troubles , said he wanted to make clear with the committee 's vote it never ' envisioned a wholesale waver ' of nuclear sanctions ' without congressional input . ' he was responding to iranian leaders ' affirmations last week that they would not accept a deal that does not immediately terminate sanctions . the obama administration has repeatedly said that it only ever agreed to the phased lifting of restrictions on iran and made that clear during the last round of talks . menendez , speaking during today 's hearing before the vote , said , ' let 's send a message to tehran that sanctions relief is not a given ' and it is ' not a prize for signing on the dotted line . ' south carolina sen. lindsey graham , an original co-author of the legislation , said in a statement that ' congress should have a say in lifting the economic sanctions which congress created . ' ' every member of congress needs to listen , speak , and be accountable for what i believe will be one of the most significant foreign policy decisions our nation has faced in decades , ' he said . ' either with president obama’s signature – or over his objections – this legislation should immediately be pushed into law . '