the father branded a ' pikey ' during a neighbourhood row over christmas lights will defiantly switch them on tonight . kevin franklin , of dunstable , bedfordshire , says he will switch his lights on every evening in april for autism awareness month . mr franklin 's 15-year-old son bradley is autistic and the family want to use his christmas light show to raise awareness for charities working with those with the disability . kevin franklin will light up his christmas lights on the front of his home tonight for autism awareness month . the 53-year-old father put the lights up on his council house last november in preparation for christmas . but he did n't take them down in january because he wanted to switch the lights on again in april for autism awareness month . the continued presence of the lights in recent weeks has angered some neighbours , prompting a poison pen letter last month . it read : ' i am fed up of seeing your grotesque tacky council house christmas lights . it is march , for goodness sake . your house leaves this lovely community looking a disgrace . ' it looks like a state . it sticks out like a sore thumb . i do n't want to keep driving past this eyesore , every time i do , my kids scream . i know you live in a council house , but there 's no need to make it look like one . ' the letter finished ' yours sincerely , a very disgruntled citizen . ' the father kept them up after christmas ahead of autism week , prompting anger from some neighbours . the continued presence of the light , prompted one local resident to write this abusive message to mr franklin . mr franklin , who has been medically retired from work after suffering two strokes and a heart attack , said today : ' i will be putting on the lights tonight when it gets dark and switch them off again around 10pm . this will happen throughout april for autism awareness month . ' that was always my plan and it 's why , back in january , i decided not to take them down because i knew i would be putting them up again in april . ' i would have taken the lights down after april but now i 'm going to leave them on the house out of principle , but i wo n't be turning them on again until december 2 . ' the former publican added : ' it 's been blown out of all proportion and has turned into a row between council house tenants and those who own their properties . ' some people think we are scum because we rent , but my house looks a lot tidier than some of those that have been bought by the occupants . ' we are all human beings and the only difference is they have bought their pile of bricks and i rent mine . ' he says his nearest neighbours support him in his idea to raise awareness of charities . he added : ' i 've even heard some neighbours saying they will donate to charity and i 've been told that some people around dunstable may even put up their own christmas lights in support . ' he said he planned to take them down next month , but now will keep them up ' out of principle ' . 