as he kept two young women locked up as sex slaves in his basement , ariel castro was looking for a wife , a new book about the cleveland kidnapper has revealed . a 39-year-old woman named lillian roldan came forward to author john glatt to say she dated castro from 2000 to 2003 , a three-year period during which castro kidnapped and imprisoned michelle knight and amanda berry in his ohio home . roldan describes castro in glatt 's book the lost girls as nothing short of a gentleman , who was ' completely normal ' in the bedroom , and even romantic . scroll down for video . blinded by love : lillian roldan ( left ) says she dated cleveland kidnapper ariel castro ( right ) from 2000 to 2003 . she says she visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner . however , she says he did keep his basement padlocked , which she found peculiar . when she asked about the need to lock the door , castro allegedly told roldan that he kept his money stored down there and ' did n't want his kids to steal it ' . in the book set to be published later this month , roldan recalls meeting 16-years-older castro on a blind date set up by friends in may 2000 . he allegedly invited her to watch him play music one night and it was ' love at first sight ' . under her nose : during the three years she was with castro , he would kidnap 21-year-old michelle knight and 17-year-old amanda berry . a few months after breaking up , he kidnapped his third victim gina dejuses . roldan pictured above with another man in a picture posted to facebook . seemingly normal : roldan detailed her ' romantic ' relationship with castro in the new book the lost girls by john glatt . roldan visited castro at his house often , and sometimes ran into his ex-wife grimilda figueroa . castro abused figuero during their marriage , but he acted so kind around roldan that she thought the beatings were just a rumor . as for their sex life , roldan says castro was ' completely normal ' and ' considerate ' . she says at one point during their relationship , castro popped the question but roldan declined since she did n't believe in marriage . after the proposal , castro remained dedicated to roldan and even bought her a ruby ring . after buying the flashy piece of jewelry , castro took roldan along to one of his music gigs where he had yet another romantic gesture in store . free women : amanda berry ( left ) , gina dejesus ( center ) and michelle knight ( right ) , were held captive in castro 's home for years . they found freedom in may 2013 , when berry 's 6-year-old child helped the trio escape . stolen youth : castro kidnapped michelle knight ( right ) in 2002 when she was 21 , eight months later he kidnapped then 17-year-old amanda berry ( left ) . a year later , he captured 14-year-old gina dejesus ( center ) . mid-way through the performance , he took the microphone and told the audience : ' today , i gave my girlfriend lillian a ring . ' ' so everyone clapped , ' lillian recalls . ' and he told the group that he wanted to sing `` la bamba '' for me . it was so romantic and i was charmed . it was such a special [ night ] and he really did show me love . ' while castro remained the normal man she called her boyfriend , two years into their relationship he started harboring a secret at home . in august 2002 , castro kidnapped then 21-year-old michelle knight and locked her in his basement . eight months later , he kidnapped another girl , 17-year-old amanda berry . apparently distracted by the two young women that he was torturing at home , castro abruptly cut ties with roldan in october of that year , sending her a letter that said he ' did n't love her enough to stay . ' prison : above , catro 's cleveland home where he kept the three women locked up for years . five months after roldan received the unexpected break-up letter , castro 's third victim , gina dejesus , went missing . she was 14 years old at the time . for the next nine years the women were locked inside castro 's home and kept secret from the outside world . the three women found freedom in may 2013 , when berry 's 6-year-old daughter by castro helped the trio to escape the house and alert police . castro was arrested and sentenced to life in prison plus $ 1,000 years . about a month after his sentencing , castro committed suicide in prison .