mbaeri , of hamilton court , ashby place , portsmouth , denies fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud . a nationwide branch manager conned elderly customers out of their life savings by setting up bogus standing orders for hundreds of thousands of pounds . hugo mbaeri , 25 , from portsmouth allegedly handed over customer names , account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters while he was working at nationwide building society , a court heard . the alleged ringleader of the scheme , olawabiyi ayanwale , who is not before the court , set up standing orders by impersonating the victims , it is said . mbaeri is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the old bailey . he is in the dock alongside seven others who are accused of using their accounts to siphon the funds away . abiola balogun , 22 , gideon boateng , 19 , tevin campbell , 20 , joshua clark , 20 , rebecca jack , 21 , patrick reddington , 20 , and christiana tella , 19 , were allegedly paid around £300 each for letting the fraudsters use their bank accounts . prosecutor jonathan polnay described the scam as a ‘ nasty little fraud’ that ‘ deliberately targeted elderly people with the aim of clearing them out of their life savings’ . ‘ hugo mbaeri is the inside man in this fraud and the remaining defendants in the dock allowed their accounts to be used for the stolen money to be passed through . ‘ it wasn’t a particularly sophisticated fraud but it’s a fraud which , were it not detected , would have netted the fraudsters hundreds of thousands of pounds and caused a loss in life savings to the victims . ‘ the set-up was quite straight forward - standing orders were set up from these elderly people’s accounts to withdraw money . that’s it , it’s as simple as that . mbaeri used the bank’s computer system to access nine customers’ details and signatures which he sold on to the fraudsters , the court was told . he worked as a cashier at the fareham branch in hampshire until february 2013 when he was promoted to branch manager in gosport , hampshire . the fraud was allegedly carried out from may 2012 to may 2013 and many of the victims were elderly or vulnerable , four were in their 80s and another three were over 65 . ‘ we say mr mbaeri looked up those people’s details for a dishonest purpose , not because they came into the branch or were making a genuine enquiry , ’ mr polnay said . mbaeri is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the old bailey ( pictured ) . he is in the dock alongside seven others who are accused of using their accounts to siphon the funds away . ‘ they were older people , it’s not just a random nine accounts . ’ he added : ‘ the records show mr mbaeri and not anybody else was the one person who accessed all the signature details for all the people who were victims of the fraud . ‘ the information was used to set up false standing orders by impersonating those people . ‘ undoubtedly there were other people involved in the fraud as well who recruited people to allow their accounts to be used in the fraud . ‘ there was an agreement to impersonate nationwide customers , olawabiyi ayanwale was the ringleader and a part of that plan was mr mbaeri . ‘ he agreed that the signatures and details he obtained would be put to that use . ’ standing orders for around £2,500 were set up from each of the victims’ accounts , the court was told . the money was siphoned through the holding accounts before it was withdrawn in cash . korrine bright , 23 , of sydenham hill , lewisham , south east london , pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit fraud and will be sentenced at the end of the trial . mbaeri , of hamilton court , ashby place , portsmouth , denies fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud . his seven co-defendants also deny the charges against them of aiding and abetting fraud . the trial continues . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .