a prosecutor is calling for an investigation into allegations the reserve deputy accused of shooting a suspect dead instead of reaching for his taser received preferential treatment when he was recruited . a memo from an internal police inquiry which surfaced earlier this week revealed colleagues expressed concerns about robert bates , 73 , when he arrived at the tulsa sheriff 's office . documents suggested the department also violated training policies when they employed bates . he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in relation to the death of eric harris during a botched sting on april 2 . scroll down for video . a memo has revealed that robert bates,73 , who has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris , was given special treatment when he was admitted into the deputy program . he is pictured leaving his arraignment in in tulsa , oklahoma , on tuesday . according to tulsa world , district attorney steve kunzweiler has begun contacting outside law enforcement agencies for further investigation after new information surfaced . he said on friday : ' i am highly concerned about recent allegations that have surfaced and i have been in contact with independent law enforcement agencies regarding further investigation into these matters . ' ' to protect the integrity of these investigations , i will not give details or comment further on any investigation that is underway , ' he added . the memo concludes bates did n't receive special treatment for admittance into the deputy program , but that he received special treatment once admitted . he was said to have used his personal car while on duty and made unauthorized vehicle stops . the inquiry came to the conclusion that high-ranking officers created an atmosphere where employees were intimidated about reporting violations of department policy . the report says it was prepared for former undersheriff brian edwards , who says he does n't remember its details . dan smolen , the attorney for eric harris , claimed that if the investigation 's findings had been acted on in 2009 harris might still be alive . he told cbs news : ' i think there are so many people who look on at so much corruption it 's more than just a couple of people . ' sheriff 's office spokesman maj. shannon clark says he ca n't confirm the report but the department is preparing a statement . bates appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of harris , who was killed during a botched sting . charged : bates ( left in his mug shot ) shot harris ( pictured right ) and faces four years in prison if convicted . sheriff stanley glanz said this week he believes that bates received his required training . bates , a tulsa county volunteer , shot harris , 44 , after the man was confronted during an undercover gun-sale operation and ran past him . video of the incident shows bates chasing after harris . in an attempt to subdue him , bates went to grab his taser , but was unaware he had actually pulled out his gun instead . in the disturbing clip , which was released by the sheriff 's office , bates can be heard shouting ' taser ! taser ! ' when the gunshot goes off , he says : ' i shot him ! i 'm sorry . ' the fatally-wounded father can be heard saying : ' oh my god , he shot me ! he shot me ! he shot me , man ' before adding : ' oh , my god . i 'm losing my breath ! ' earlier this week the harris family expressed their anger after learning that retired insurance executive bates , who is out on $ 25,000 bond , would be allowed to take a month-long vacation to the bahamas . a statement released by the family read : ' whether intended or not , mr. bates ' vacationing in the bahamas at this time sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting and eric 's life , ' they said . this photo shows a deputy bending down to pick up bates 's dropped gun following the accidental shooting in tulsa earlier this month . harris is being held down on the ground , out of shot , by other deputies . harris ' son aidan fraley ( pictured right with his uncle andre harris a week after his father 's death ) , has said the police officers who allowed bates to become a cop should be held accountable for his death . ' at a time when we are still mourning the death of a loved one that he shot down in the street , mr. bates will be relaxing and enjoying his wealth and privilege . ' it is not clear when he is leaving for the holiday but bates will next appear in court on july 2 . he has previously visited the bahamas with the sheriff , stanley glanz , and another reserve deputy and paid for part of glanz 's trip . in separate news conferences on monday , the county sheriff and lawyers for harris ' family disagreed on whether the reserve officer should have been allowed to conduct police work . sheriff stanley glanz said bates , his long-time insurance agent and former campaign manager , had been properly trained and passed annual firearms certifications required by the state . dan smolen , the lawyer for harris ' family , said the tulsa county sheriff 's office violated a number of its internal policies by letting bates carry his personal handgun after training with another weapon . smolen also said the department failed to keep a permanent record of bates ' training , in violation of local policies . records bates released during the weekend showed that the volunteer officer was trained on a .45 , not the weapon used in harris ' death . bates , who sold his insurance business for $ 6 million in 1999 , was trained to be a tulsa police department patrolman in 1964 but left in 1965 . he was out of law enforcement for 35 years , returning for volunteer work in florida in 2000 before joining the tulsa county force in 2008 and making a number of donations to the agency . he also was glanz 's campaign manager during the 2012 election .   