when high-energy electrons and ions from the sun hit earth’s upper atmosphere , they can excite atoms and create fantastic colours - which we see on the ground as auroras . and now a study has claimed that we could create our own auroras , by firing a particle accelerator into the sky from space . the intriguing research says that a beam fired from the machine would create artificial auroras – and it could even create lightning in the atmosphere . scientists in california have described how to create artificial auroras on earth . they said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles ( 300km ) up into space ( illustration of a satellite in orbit shown ) . it would then fire high-energy beams back at earth 's atmosphere . the study , published in the journal of geophysical research , was picked up by mark zastrow from eos . the accelerator being proposed would be three times stronger than anything like it before , producing a beam with particles 0.5 to 10 million electron volts . pulses of the beam would last just 0.1 microseconds . the accelerator would be located in space , 185 miles ( 300km ) above the ground , and would fire back towards earth 's atmosphere . there are two types of auroras on earth - the aurora borealis in the northern hemisphere , known as the northern lights , and the aurora australis in the southern hemisphere , known as the southern lights . auroras occur when highly charged electrons from the solar wind collide with atoms of oxygen and nitrogen in the earth 's atmosphere at altitudes from 20 to 200 miles ( 32 to 320km ) above the planet’s surface . the interactions between the charged particles give off light . auroral displays appear in many colours : red , yellow , green , blue , and violet . the color of the aurora depends on which atom is struck , and the altitude of the meeting . the common green hue is caused by colliding oxygen molecules at altitudes of up to 150 miles ( 240km ) . it would be based on a instrument called the compact particle accelerator for space science ( compass ) , which is being developed by the slac national accelerator laboratory and sri international , both in california . ‘ the authors say that employing such instrumentation would offer many scientific opportunities to study the behaviour of particles in the upper atmosphere , ’ wrote mr zastrow . ‘ the paths of the electrons would trace out the arcing field lines of earth’s magnetic field , illustrating how they bend and snap during the intense geomagnetic activity caused by solar storms . ‘ as they descend into the earth’s atmosphere , some of the electrons would strike atmospheric molecules , producing visible aurora-like emission . ’ he added that the beam might even be able to trigger different forms of lightning , including red sprites and blue jets . for now the idea is only a concept , and there are no concrete plans to build it . but the team says that by proving it works , it could be a step towards actually making it . there are two types of auroras on earth - the aurora borealis in the northern hemisphere , known as the northern lights , and the aurora australis in the southern hemisphere , known as the southern lights . shown is the aurora borealis above the snaefellsnes peninsula in iceland . it would not be the first experiment with earth’s atmosphere , though . in alaska there is an ionospheric research programmed called the high frequency active auroral research program ( haarp ) . haarp is jointly funded by the us air force , the us navy , the university of alaska , and the defense advanced research projects agency ( darpa ) . it was established to analyse the ionosphere - a region of the upper atmosphere - and investigate the development of ionospheric enhancement technology for radio communications and surveillance . in alaska there is already an ionospheric research programmed called the high frequency active auroral research program ( haarp ) , pictured . it was established to analyse the ionosphere - a region of the upper atmosphere - and investigate the development of ionospheric enhancement technology . the station regularly uses a tool called the ionospheric research instrument ( iri ) , a high-power radio frequency transmitter facility operating in the high frequency band . it is used to temporarily excite a limited area of the ionosphere . haarp has been the subject of numerous unfounded conspiracy theories . it has been blamed for hurricanes , thunderstorms , major power outages and more , but no convincing evidence supports any of the claims .