attention is already turning to next season at liverpool after their fa cup semi-final exit at the hands of aston villa . unless one of the top four falter dramatically in the final six premier league games of the season , liverpool will also miss out on champions league qualification after only a season back in europe 's elite club competition . brendan rodgers undoubtedly needs to reinforce his squad , and sportsmail assesses liverpool 's chances of landing five of their main targets . danny ings , burnley . danny ings has impressed at burnley this season and is set to leave turf moor when his contract expires . mario balotelli ( left ) and rickie lambert appear set to depart liverpool at the end of the season . liverpool have made their play for ings but his concern has always been that he gets a fair chance of making a starting place his own . the reds will look to shed borini , lambert and balotelli but divock origi arrives from lille in june too . manchester united , manchester city and real sociedad remain in the frame for ings . cost : £4million compensation fee . james milner , manchester city . has been a little upset by all accounts that his move to liverpool was reported almost as a done deal . james milner appears set to depart manchester city at the end of the season when his contract expires . milner ( right ) is also a target for arsenal and everton , as well as serie a sides roma and inter milan . wants to see what city discuss first and it is all about how many games he plays . arsenal , everton , roma and inter milan have also spoken to his representative about a summer deal . cost : free . petr cech , chelsea . liverpool have been frustrated in their pursuit of norberto neto from fiorentina , who is destined for juventus . chelsea goalkeeper petr cech ( right ) appears likely to depart stamford bridge before next season . cech could be out of reach for liverpool if paris saint-germain make a move for the goalkeeper . they want cech but do n't have the budget to compete with paris saint-germain , who are confident of signing the experienced chelsea goalkeeper this summer ahead of arsenal . cost : £10million . asier illarramendi , real madrid . stylish young central midfielder who has lost his way among real madrid 's stars . asier illarramendi may depart real madrid this summer and his profile matches liverpool 's recruitment policy . has stated a desire to fight for his place but knows chances are limited . liverpool like him , as they do ruben neves at porto also , but face competition from arsenal and real sociedad although arsene wenger has other targets too for that area . cost : £18million . memphis depay , psv eindhoven . fits the bill for brendan rodgers in terms of pace and pressing style and carries a goal threat . psg have also made enquiries , as have united , who hope louis van gaal 's presence can sway the deal their way . memphis depay ( right ) is an ideal signing for brendan rodgers , but he must compete with europe 's elite side . if liverpool fail to qualify for the champions league it may be another deciding factor for the holland international winger . cost : £25million . 