marion ' suge ' knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges . the former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in january , killing one and seriously injuring the other . los angeles sheriff 's spokeswoman nicole nishida says knight was transported to a hospital from the downtown courthouse . she says no further details could be released . scroll down for video . ' suge ' knight , pictured above on april 8 , will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges following a hit-and-run , an la judge said on thursday . the parents of suge knight ( pictured left ) and his girlfriend ( right ) comfort each other outside the los angeles courthouse after learning on thursday that he will stand trial for murder . superior court judge ronald coen made the ruling on thursday after concluding a hearing that focused heavily on testimony from cle ' bone ' sloan , who was hit outside a compton burger stand in los angeles county . the judge also reduced bail from $ 25 million to $ 10 million . on thursday morning , knight walked out of court after the hearing . a message sent to knight’s attorney matt fletcher wasn’t immediately returned . sloan told detectives that he attacked knight but testified on monday that he did n't remember the fight and did not want to be a ' snitch ' . prosecutors played sloan 's statement to police , which offered a lucid , detailed account of the events on january 29 that led up to the deadly encounter . authorities contend knight intentionally hit the men , killing terry carter , 55 . suge knight 's parents seen leaving the courthouse in los angeles on thursday after a judge ruled that their son will stand trial for murder and attempted murder . victim terry carter 's eldest daughter seen leaving court with attorney carl douglas after the announcement that marion suge knight will stand trial for murder and attempted murder on thursday . knight 's attorney , matt fletcher , said his client was ambushed and was trying to escape sloan 's attack when he ran over the men . sloan 's testimony demonstrated the difficulty in prosecuting knight , who has gang ties and a reputation for intimidating witnesses . ' i will not be used to send suge knight to prison , ' sloan testified , adding that he was only on the stand because he was subpoenaed . prosecutors granted sloan , a former gang member who 's known knight for decades , limited immunity after he said he intended to invoke his fifth amendment right to avoid self-incrimination . knight , 49 , was a key player in the gangster rap scene that flourished in the 1990s , and his label once listed dr. dre , tupac shakur and snoop dogg among its artists . knight lost control of the company after it was forced into bankruptcy . sloan , an adviser on the upcoming film ' straight outta compton , ' said he was trying to forget details of the crash , in which he suffered two fractured ankles , a serious cut to his head , two torn knee ligaments and a shoulder injury . ' every day , i try to forget it , ' sloan said . ' i just know , i screwed up , and terry 's dead . ' sloan 's memory troubles prompted the judge to comment on his testimony : ' i find that this witness is being deceptive . ' the judge also heard from the lead detective investigating the case and watched security camera footage of the crash . knight 's court hearings already have become dramatic affairs - at one hearing in march , a medical condition sent him to the hospital . the camera caught a limited view of the parking lot but shows knight struggling with sloan through the window of his truck before putting the vehicle in reverse , striking sloan , then hitting him again and running over carter while fleeing the scene . fletcher , knight 's attorney , pressed sloan on his feelings toward knight and whether he was ' enraged ' at him on the day of the crash . sloan said he was mad but disputed that he told detectives he was enraged . fletcher also painted sloan as the aggressor , saying knight ' had n't attacked you in any form , fashion or manner . you agree ? ' ' yes , ' sloan said . knight faces up to life in prison if convicted in the case . he has prior felony convictions for armed robbery and assault with a gun . knight pleaded no contest in 1995 and was sentenced to five years ' probation in an assault on two rap entertainers at a hollywood recording studio in 1992 . the rap figure was sentenced to prison in february 1997 for violating terms of that probation by taking part in a fight at a las vegas hotel hours before shakur was fatally wounded in a drive-by attack as he rode in knight 's car near the strip . shakur 's slaying remains unsolved . prosecutors only had to present a fraction of their evidence against knight during the preliminary hearing that began on monday . knight 's court hearings already have become dramatic affairs - he fired one set of attorneys during a hearing and medical conditions sent him to the hospital four times from courthouse appearances . he complained earlier this month when deputies brought him into court handcuffed to a wheelchair and has detailed health woes , including weight loss and blindness in one eye , when he 's been allowed to speak in court . ' no snitch ' : cle ' bone ' sloan , 45 , ( left , file photo ) told the court that he ' will not be used to send suge knight to prison ' . knight is accused of murdering terry carter , 55 , ( right ) and trying to murder sloan , whom he left with broken bones and other injuries .