beef at a good price . if ian botham is going to watch his test wickets record get beaten by jimmy anderson , he might as well earn himself a bit of cash doing it . after spotting that skybet were offering 9/4 on the lancashire seamer to take four wickets in the first innings on wednesday morning , beefy , who remains england’s leading wicket-taker for the time being with 383 , tweeted : ‘i’ll have a go at that price ! ! ! ’ sir ian botham was tempted to bet on jimmy anderson breaking his record on the third morning in antigua . daddy’s girl . with botham’s record in his sights , all eyes at the sir vivian richards stadium were on anderson — including those of his wife daniella and daughter ruby luxe . but the burnley express kept everyone waiting , and watching test cricket can be a hard slog for anyone — let alone a four-year-old . anderson 's wife daniella and daughter watch the action from the stands at the sir viv richards stadium . swanny’s funny . while tributes were paid to anderson on test match special at lunch , former team-mate graeme swann revealed how he used to wind him up . ‘ it was great when his face was on the back of all of those london buses last year — just so i could say to him “you’ve got a face like the back of a bus” , ’ said swann . anderson picked up one wicket on day three , but is still one shy of botham 's record of 383 dismissals . moeen spinning in . the ecb announced on wednesday that moeen ali has been called up for the next test in grenada . the question is , where will he fit into the first xi with off-spinner james tredwell bowling so well ? it would be embarrassing for moeen if he was kept out of the england team by a man who can’t get into his own county side . moeen ali , pictured playing for worcestershire , has been added to the england squad for the remaining tests . blackwood frustrates ben . by far the most interesting on-pitch battle was between ben stokes and jermaine blackwood . the west indies’ sixth man in scored 112 in the first innings , much to the frustration of stokes — and not just because of the eight boundaries the jamaican hit off him . after tuesday’s no-ball episode , stokes narrowly missed out on blackwood’s wicket twice on wednesday — seeing an edge dropped by james tredwell at slip , followed by a close lbw denial upheld by the third umpire . jermaine blackwood hit his maiden test match century in his sixth match for the west indies on wednesday . ben stokes was frustrated twice when he thought he dismissed blackwood , adding to tuesday 's no-ball . five-star jos . tredwell rightly took the plaudits on day three , but jos buttler put in a tidy performance with the gloves . the lancashire wicketkeeper took five catches for the first time in a test innings . he’s only the second keeper to do so against west indies , after jack russell in 1990 . jos buttler took five catches for the first time in a test innings , only the second england ' keeper to do so . looking hot , man . during lulls in the proceedings , fans were treated to dancing from the excellently-costumed seaweed man . he certainly kept spirits up among members of the crowd , but that outfit doesn’t look tailor-made for the antiguan 30-degree heat . a spectator known as seaweed man watches the action on day three of the first test in antigua .