a 13-year-old boy who was allegedly locked in a basement for 11 days has testified against his father and stepmother in court , saying his home was a ' very terrible ' place where he was often beaten with a plastic pipe , forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children . he revealed his treatment was so horrific , he attempted suicide in a bid to escape his parents ' torture . taking the stand against charlie bothuell iv and monique dillard-bothuell on tuesday , charlie bothuell , who was 12 when he was found in the basement , described the horrors of his home life . ' it was a very terrible place to be , ' he told the court of his family 's detroit townhouse . ' i was expected to do everything perfectly . i was never given any leeway , to make a mistake and learn from it . ' charlie , who wore glasses , a white shirt , a tie and black pants for his hour-long testimony , was speaking publicly for the first time since he was found in his family 's cluttered and dirty basement . scroll down for video . testimony : charlie bothuell ( pictured ) , now 13 , was found in the basement of his family 's detroit townhouse last june following an 11-day search . on tuesday , he testified in court against his father and stepmother . basement : taking the stand against charlie bothuell iv and monique dillard-bothuell on tuesday , charlie , who was 12 when he was found in the tiny , dirty basement ( pictured ) , described the horrors of his home life . ' weapon ' : he said his home was a ' very terrible ' place where he was beaten with this plastic pipe ( pictured being presented as evidence in court ) , forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other kids . police officers who dramatically rescued the youngster on the eleventh day of a wide-scale search for him also found a blanket , cereal box , drinks bottles and a bowl of chicken bones in the tiny room . the hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send bothuell iv and his partner to trial on charges of torture and child abuse . a 36th district court judge will make the decision . during tuesday 's testimony , charlie did not look at the prosecutor as he described how he was educated at home from 2012 . his daily routine involved waking up at 5am for a protein shake . he was then forced to endure vigorous workouts that lasted up to two hours , followed by a shower , math and science lessons with old books , chores and another workout , he told the court . ' what would happen if you did n't do this routine ? ' asked the prosecutor . charlie replied : ' i would get in trouble , a whipping . ' the youngster said he tried to run away aged 11 , but police found him . after he was returned home , ' i was told to basically lay across the dining room table and was spanked on the butt with a wooden stick and then a plastic pvc pipe , ' charlie told the court . accused : ' it was a very terrible place to be , ' charlie said . ' i was expected to do everything perfectly . i was never given any leeway , to make a mistake and learn from it . ' above , charlie 's father in court of tuesday . defendants : the hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send bothuell iv ( left ) and his partner ( right ) to trial for alleged torture and child abuse . a 36th district court judge will make the decision . mug shots : bothuell iv ( left ) and dillard-bothuell ( right ) are seen in their mug shots following their arrests . charlie 's face was not pictured by the press as he gave his testimony ; only his hands were shown ( above ) . he recalled other ' whoopings ' with sticks and pipes , which would cause the skin on his buttocks to bleed and ' split open ' . ' why did you lay over the dining room table , ' the prosecutor asked him . according to fox 2 , charlie replied : ' because i was told to . ( i ) laid over the dining room table and i would be basically smacked on the butt . ' the prosecutor then inquired : ' with what ? ' ' a wooden stick , ' charlie said . ' then a plastic pvc pipe . ' he added that his stepmother would sometimes punch him - and once even choked him . he was left feeling depressed and upset . the expectations about life at home were `` absolutely ridiculous ' , said charlie , detailing how was made to stand in the corner with his arms held above his head if he did not complete assignments . ' they decided when they wanted me to stop . it was so painful , ' he said . he added that he even attempted suicide in a bid to escape the abusive conditions at his home , wxyz reported . home : a neighbor near the bothuells ' home showed daily mail online the bathroom that charlie likely used . tunnel : the bathroom was accessible via this tunnel ( right ) , according to the neighbor , the tunnel 's outside door ( left ) is usually locked and only accessible to maintenance men , but crucially , it was left open during the time charlie was missing so that residents could get rid of a build-up of trash in a dumpster left outside . discovery : police officers who dramatically rescued the youngster from the house ( pictured ) on the eleventh day of a wide-scale search also found a blanket , cereal box and a bowl of chicken bones in the basement . earlier in the hearing , detective sgt . ken ducker testified about finding charlie in the roughly 600-square-foot space when he went downstairs looking for evidence that might help the search . ' i was not expecting to find him , ' ducker said . a doctor said the boy was thin with several bruises . defense attorneys claim charlie is a liar who left and returned to the house on his own . bothuell iv insists he did n't know his son was in the basement , which has no door at the top of the stairs . attorney shawn smith asked ducker if he believed the boy - who is now living with his mother - was in the basement for all 11 days , but a prosecutor objected . the question went unanswered . judge shannon holmes ended the hearing before charlie was asked about what happened last june . the youngster , who had lived with his father for two years , will return to court on may 6 . reaction : bothuell iv , who insists he did n't know his son was in the basement , was giving a live tv interview when he was told his son had been found by police . he appeared to be shocked by the news ( pictured ) . 'abusive'l dillard-bothuell , who allegedly once choked her stepson , is seen in court at an earlier hearing .  