a bosnian town , home to more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000 has claimed that it is the world 's multiple birth capital and wants to use that fact to turn it into a tourist attraction . officials in buzim , north west bosnia said their home should be known as the ' town of twins ' , due to the unusually high number of multiple births . local journalist nedzib vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war . edita and elma pajalic are among the 200 sets of twins in the bosnian town of buzim . samed and sara dizdarevic live in the town which has a far higher than normal rate of multiple births . local journalist nedzip bucelj noticed the number of twins such as adisa , left and adis muratovic , right . he said he went to his neigbours seeking to borrow a buggy to carry the babies , only to discover they had given it to a third family who also had multiple babies . he said : ' that 's when i realised just how many twins were here . ' mr vucelj found that during the war , there were at least 21 sets of twins born , however he believes the figure is far higher as many residents left to escape the fighting and to escape poverty . using his facebook page ' buzim - the town of twins ' , mr vucelj has identified at least 200 sets of twins . now the town 's mayor agan bunic has backed the initiative believing it could help drive tourism in the area which relies on harvesting raspberries and chestnuts . he said : ' [ there could be ] annual meetings of twins from busim and across the country , the first gathering of its kind in bosnia . ' local politicians want an annual twin festival for people such as dzenisa , left , and merisa kaukovic , right . at least 21 sets of twins were born during the civil war , pictured almin , left , and almina duranovic right . some experts believe the high number of twins could be genetic , pictured , admir and sadmir bajric . according to doctors at the local hospital , a set of twins can be expected once in every 88 births . however , medical records proving the total number of multiple births is incomplete due to the conflict . however , there are suggestions that inbreeding could increase the number of tiwns . mayor bunic added : ' the local people mostly marry among themselves , this is a pretty much traditional and patriarchal community . ' zumreta hodzic , municipal birth registrar said there is some truth behind mr vucej 's theory : ' i remember the years when nearly each class in the school had twins ; there were also triplets . ' kemal dizdarevic , an unemployed father of 17-month-old twin boys , said there was a history of twins in his family and his wife 's . ' maybe they will be sportsmen . they can become anything , just not politicians . ' some of buzim 's twins may not have been registered due to the war . pictured merjema and merisa baltic . internationally , a set of twins can be expected every 88 births . pictured , ilhan , left , and elhan hilic , right . elma and selma burzic live in buzim where the main source of income is picking raspberries and chestnuts . mirela and mujo balcinovic live in buzim where nearly every school class has at least one set of twins . a special facebook page has been set up to identify more sets of twins like davud and sara catic . mubina and mufid valadizic do not look too impressed about being photographed as part of the study . almedina and ajla djulic are also twins from the town of buzim in north west bosnia . 