a german rapper turned islamic state terrorist has released a propaganda video where he calls on jihadist sleeper cells in europe to carry out terrorist attacks . denis cuspert , 39 , dubbed the ' goebbels of isis ' , sings about planning attacks in britain , germany and france , rapping ' we want your blood ' . this follows reports that british police have raised security levels ahead of several world war i commemorative events taking place next week . scroll down for video . cuspert had been a relatively successful rapper under the name deso dogg before trading in his faux-gangster lifestyle to wage jihad on behalf of the islamic state . in the slick three-minute video cuspert sings ' in france deeds were done , in germany the sleepers are waiting . we want your bloo . anzac day , which takes place on april 25 , honours australian and new zealand soldiers who have died in war , originally observed in memory of troops who fought at gallipoli in 1915 . ' we already have protective security plans in place for major anzac events in the uk but as a sensible precaution all forces have been asked to review security arrangements at related events , ' a scotland yard spokeman told the sunday times . the propaganda production made by the 39-year-old , who now calls himself abu talha al-amani , is filled with horrific footage of prisoners being beheaded and jordanian pilot moath al-kasasbeh being burned alive . in the slick three-minute video , he sings : ‘ in france deeds were done , in germany the sleepers are waiting . we want your blood . ‘ even if you’re in europe , wage your jihad . allah will reward you , put an end to the filthy ones . oh allah destroy them . ’ german rapper turned islamic state terrorist denis cuspert has released a music video threatening his home nation with a charlie hebdo-like atrocity . the propaganda video contains staged footage of bombs being assembled and guns being prepped . pictured is a grab from the video - a news footage clip of paris attacker amedy coulibaly being shot by armed police . the video contains footage of passages from the koran such as ‘ kill the polytheists wherever you find them’ being highlighted , along with images of western soldiers being treated in hospital and staged footage of bombs being assembled and guns being prepped . the number of britons who have travelled to iraq and syria to join isis is twice than what has previously been reported . it is now thought that 1,600 brits have joined isis , foreign intelligence officials told the sunday times . ' we believe that 1,600 is a very conservative estimate and we 're seeing at least about five people leaving the uk for syria anbd iraq every week - and that 's not to count the ones we do n't know about , ' an intelligence official said . according to the newspaper , about 500 have returned to the uk after heading to the islamic state . news clips from last year’s paris attacks carried out by saïd and chérif kouachi – who murdered charlie hebdo staff members - and amedy coulibaly , who gunned down shoppers at a jewish supermarket , also accompanie the singing . cuspert had been a relatively successful rapper under the name deso dogg before trading in his faux-gangster lifestyle to wage jihad on behalf of the islamic state . in february it was revealed that the militant - who has starred in several grisly beheading videos for the islamic state - was being spied on for the fbi by a syrian woman he thought was his wife . the spy transmitted critical information about the rapper and his isis colleagues before escaping to turkey - where she was arrested and then turned over to the us , according to the german newspaper bild . the paper said german and american intelligence sources confirmed the existence of the operation , fox news reports . the unidentified woman fled syria after her handlers told her it was no longer safe to continue the mission as militants had began to hunt and flush out infiltrators . she is now thought to be in the us . in february it was revealed that the militant - who has starred in several grisly beheading videos for the islamic state - was being spied on for the fbi by a syrian woman he thought was his wife . german newspaper bild believe cuspert may have been targeted for the operation because of his womanising past . in germany he fathered three children by three different women , including one who he dumped just before embarking on his career as an isis poster boy . cuspert arrived in syria in 2013 from a so-called german jihadi colony in egypt . in february the us added rapper cuspert to its list of ' global terrorists ' - freezing all his assets under us control and prohibiting any transactions with him in the future . the state department said : ' cuspert is emblematic of the type of foreign recruit isil seeks for its ranks -– individuals who have engaged in criminal activity in their home countries who then travel to iraq and syria to commit far worse crimes against the people of those countries . ' last november , cuspert was compared to nazi minister for propaganda joseph goebbels for his ability to appeal to young , disillusioned people in europe while providing an alternative ideology . he spent several years as a major player in the berlin hip hop scene under the name ' deso dogg ' before embracing radical islam . he has been known to oversee the group 's sophisticated media operation and is reportedly using british fighters in an attempt to attract even more of their countrymen to the war-torn region . it is understood he leads a unit of german-speaking isis terrorists operating under the name ' the german brigade of millatu ibrahim ' .