fulham will sound out brentford manager mark warburton about taking over at craven cottage with owner shahid khan planning to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players . the championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of kit symons who replaced felix magath in september but has won only one of his last eight games . khan , a billionaire who also owns nfl franchise jacksonville jaguars in america , has given his new chief football officer mike rigg the power to choose fulham 's next manager and he is looking at different options despite a good personal relationship with symons . fulham will sound out brentford manager mark warburton about taking over at craven cottage . warburton 's impressive record at west london rivals brentford has made him a leading contender alongside ipswich town manager mick mccarthy . warburton got brentford promoted from league one and they have been surprise play-off contenders in the championship this season doing the league double over fulham along the way . it has already been announced he will be leaving the bees at the end of the season with qpr also interested in his services along with assistant david weir . but rangers , who have 14 players out of contract and face a huge fine if they are relegated , wo n't have the same spending power to offer warburton as the cottagers . waburton ( right ) signals to his players during brentford 's 1-1 draw with derby county on saturday . symons wants to be given the chance of signing his own players and having a full season at craven cottage with them , but recent results are going against him . fulham are conscious of fpp rules and with parachute payments from the premier league due to run out , they feel the next transfer window may be the last opportunity to spend big to get them back into the top flight . west ham manager sam allardyce could also be a shock contender with khan prepared to invest to get fulham back in the premier league . allardyce 's current deal at upton park runs out in the summer but he would like to stay in london . meanwhile , fa cup semi-finalists aston villa have joined west brom in the chase for wolves winger bakary sako who is a free agent at the end of the season . the championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of kit symons ( centre ) .