a man who killed his friend , stuffed the body into a suitcase and threw it into a canal has been jailed for 19 years . lorenzo simon , 34 , of smethwick , west midlands , and his girlfriend michelle bird used their friend michael spalding for slave labour before simon killed him and dismembered his body . the 39-year-old 's remains were stuffed into two suitcases before simon and bird threw them into birmingham canal , a court heard . scroll down for video . lorenzo simon , ( left ) who killed michael spalding ( right ) before stuffing the body in a suitcase and throwing it into a canal , has been jailed for a minimum of 19 years . police have now released cctv video footage showing the pair dragging the cases along a pavement . simon was found guilty of murder at birmingham crown court today and bird , while being acquitted of the same charge , was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years . at a sentencing hearing , mrs justice thirlwall told simon : ' you had no thought for him at all . your focus , as so often in your life , was on what was best for you . ' simon initially denied knowledge of mr spalding 's death , claiming he threw him out following a row over a car crash , but later admitted assaulting him during a fight after police found tiny blood droplets on the flat 's lounge wall . neighbours reported seeing a bonfire in the rear garden following mr spalding 's disappearance - a heat so intense it melted upvc guttering fascias - and forensic examination of debris from an oil drum showed it to be part of the victim 's humerus bone . michelle bird ( pictured ) was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years . police divers recovered the second case - containing the victim 's head , limbs and tools - below pope bridge , smethwick , on may 16 and further searches of the canal bed uncovered a hacksaw . using futuristic 3d scanning technology - developed through a pioneering project with warwick university - experts were able to show a perfect fit between the charred bone and a severed limb found in the suitcase . and the same scanning proved a link between the hacksaw and lacerations found on other bones . drag marks were also found on the towpath near where the pair dumped the suitcases into the canal . detective inspector harry harrison from west midlands police said : ' michael was exploited in life by lorenzo simon and michelle bird and they afforded him no dignity in death . on the contrary , they treated him in the most despicable manner in order to conceal their crime . ' simon accepted michael as a tenant on the agreement he used his considerable handyman skills to do up the flat . but he treated him like a slave , working him past midnight and then waking him early in the morning to continue working . ' they were only allowed out with his say-so and given just one meal a day - usually pizza and chips . ' michael finally broke and complained at their treatment - we believe that , combined with a car accident where simon accused him of being responsible for damaging his vw passat , led to the fatal attack . ' simon said he hit michael in the back and that he fell to the floor dead within seconds and claimed to have disposed of the body in panic . ' bird said she was on an errand to buy alcohol at the time of the killing but later admitted helping her boyfriend in the aftermath . the 39-year-old 's remains were stuffed into two suitcases before simon and bird threw them into birmingham canal . police have now released cctv video footage showing them dragging the cases ( circled in red ) . ' however , we were able to provide compelling evidence to the jury that this was a vicious murder and that simon went to considerable lengths to try and cover his tracks . ' mr spalding had been living at the oxford road address for almost three weeks and was under the impression a good renovation job would help him land his own tenancy with the landlord . however , simon blamed the father-of-three for a collision in mid-april that left his vw passat with front end damage - and told him the crash ended his hopes of securing his own place and jeopardised their own tenancy arrangement . mr spalding last spoke to his partner , who moved out to be with family in tamworth , at 10pm on april 25 and police suspect he was murdered later that night or the following day . mr spalding 's body parts were found inside this suitcase , which was dumped in the birmingham canal . a second suitcase ( pictured ) containing mr spalding 's remains was discovered 11 days later . the black suitcase containing the victim 's torso was first spotted on may 5 floating in the water near pope bridge by a narrow boat owner . it was seen on several subsequent occasions by canal users before a contractor , suspecting the case contained a dead animal , towed it to icknield port yard on may 12 . unemployed simon - who has convictions for robbery , burglary , theft and drug supply - moved to derby in a bid to evade police when news of the body find broke - but was arrested with bird on may 19 and charged two days later . detectives later heard accounts from neighbours in oxford road who told of ' aggressive , nasty ' arguments coming from the flat . when police raided the home , parts of a humerus bone were discovered inside this charred drum . 3d scanning technology was able to prove a link between this hacksaw and lacerations found on mr spalding 's bones . the remains of michael spalding were found in a canal in ladywood , birmingham on may 12 last year . one recalled simon saying : ' i want this place finished - i 've got to live here , you are taking the p**s ' to which mr spalding replied ' i 'm tired , i 'm hungry , i want to go home . i 've been at it all day ' . a pathologist deemed a number of weapons were used to dismember the body , including knives , a saw and possibly a heavy bladed weapon like an axe . the post mortem examination was unable to confirm the precise cause of death but it is suspected mr spalding died from a stab wound to the neck , evidence of which was subsequently destroyed .