a hotelier claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls after appearing on channel 4 's ' four in a bed ' criticising other hotels in the area . jennifer mcgirr , 61 , said the abuse started when the windows to the tower view hotel , which she owns , were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a ' premeditated ' attack . she also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on the reality tv show , where b & b owners visit each others properties and rate their stay . hotelier jennifer mcgirr claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls after appearing on channel 4 's ' four in a bed ' . during the programme , ms mcgirr described other hotels in blackpool , lancashire , as ' grim ' , in response to another couple 's claims that there were cheaper places to stay in the area . she said : ' it 's come totally out of the blue . it 's been very frightening really . ' where does all this hatred come from ? ' on hotel cctv footage of the incident , a man can be seen walking up to the hotel with a brick in his hand before spending several minutes outside , apparently checking he is not being watched . he can be seen putting the brick down while he sits on a nearby wall for a while , letting a car go past , before he picks it up again and hurls it at the hotel . she then received an abusive phone call later in the day , while police were at the hotel investigating the damage . she said she also answered the phone in the middle of the night and could hear only the sound of someone breathing . during the programme , ms mcgirr described other hotels in blackpool , lancashire , as ' grim ' , in response to another couple 's claims that there were cheaper places to stay in the area . her windows were smashed the next day . she said : ' when i got this first phone call he just came out with this tirade of nastiness about the hotel . ' ' he said it was a disgusting , horrible hotel and he would n't stay there if i paid him . ' i do n't know this guy - it 's not anyone who has stayed here . i passed the phone to one of the policemen and when he said hello the man hung up . ' ms mcgirr , who has owned the hotel for two-and-a-half years , featured in five episodes of the channel 4 show last week . on hotel cctv footage of the incident , a man can be seen walking up to the hotel with a brick in his hand before spending several minutes outside , apparently checking he is not being watched . during one of the episodes she responded to criticism of her hotel from a couple who said there were cheaper options for a budget stay in blackpool by saying : ' you try staying in them - they are grim . ' her windows were smashed the following day . she added : ' there was pure intent . he meant to do it . ' he just hung around waiting until he was sure the coast was clear . 'it's going to cost me a great deal of money . ' a lancashire police spokesman said the force was investigating . he said : ' we received a report of a brick being thrown through the window of the guest house at 12.30am on friday . inquiries are ongoing and no arrests have been made . ' 