kurt zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role against manchester united specifically to stop marouane fellaini from continuing his good form at stamford bridge , according to jose mourinho . the big belgian has shone under louis van gaal in recent weeks but he endured an evening to forget as the 20-year-old man-marked him superbly during the blues ' 1-0 victory . mourinho gave an insight into his instructions to zouma after the game , explaining that he 'd asked the young frenchman to turn the match into a '10 against 10 ' clash . chelsea 's kurt zouma tussles with marouane fellaini during his side 's 1-0 win against manchester united . zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role so that he could deal with the threat of united star fellaini . speaking to chelseafc.com after the final whistle , mourinho said : ' i told zouma i want the game to be 10 against 10 , i did n't want the game to be 11 against 11 . ' during the week we were working for that and the game was 10 against 10 . ' zouma , who also played in midfield away at west ham and in the capital one cup final against tottenham , was pleased with the job he did against the ' on fire ' ex-everton man . he said : ' i had to stay with [ marouane ] fellaini because we knew he is on fire at the moment . ' he has scored a lot of goals so i had to keep an eye on him , and i think i did it well . i had to be physical with him and stay close to him . ' the game was very difficult . the most important thing was that we had one chance and we scored . we defended very well . manchester united did n't have many chances to score . we stayed compact . ' zouma wrestles fellaini to the ground as chelsea continued their bid for a fourth premier league title . fellaini has been in excellent form but he was unable to impact the game with zouma watching his every move . mourinho was similarly impressed with the performance of the former saint-etienne starlet , adding : ' see the jobs he is doing for us , as a central defender playing against [ sergio ] aguero , as a central defender playing against [ raheem ] sterling . ' he played as the holding midfield player against tottenham in a system with only one holding midfield player . ' against man united he played to stop fellaini from playing in the box . he is doing amazing jobs for us . he is mentally very , very strong , too . not just physically , mentally he is very strong . ' he 's learned a lot from a tactical point of view since his arrival . so we can imagine with him being aged 20 , chelsea has 10 years of zouma . ' jose mourinho believes that zouma could play for chelsea for at least the next 10 years .  