when ali maffucci got a deal to write a cooking and healthy lifestyle book , she quit her corporate job and began working from home . but while she was running the website and sharing healthy recipes with her readers , secretly she wasn’t practising what she preached . as the months ticked by , she piled on the pounds . but desperate to loser weight for the book 's photo shoot , she decided to try adopt a novel way to lose weight . miss maffucci made one simple change to her diet that helped her drop over 11 kg ( 24 lbs ) in just three months . for every meal , she substituted spiralized vegetables for bread , pasta , rice and potatoes.here , she tells the healthista website how she went from a size 14/16 to a size 8/10 so rapidly ... scroll down for video . ali maffucci , 28 , lost 11 kg ( almost two stone ) in three months through replacing pasta , bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables . she is pictured before ( left ) and after ( right ) her weight loss . now , ms maffucci weighs 10 stone , is a size 8/10 and is working on toning instead of losing weight . after eating courgette noodles recommended by her mother , ali maffucci fell in love with the spiralizing tool . not long after , she took to the internet with her blog , inspiralized , where she began creating and sharing recipes using spiralized vegetables . then in june of 2013 , ms maffucci quit her corporate job to become a full time blogger . however while she was running the website and sharing healthy recipes with her readers , she was far from a reflection of that herself . without the structure of her old job , she gained what she called her ‘ blogging weight’ of 10 kg ( 22lbs ) . the spiralizer is a razor-sharp cutting device that creates thin ribbons of fruits and vegetables . originally a japanese invention , it allows people to create nutritious , very low-calorie , low-carb ‘pasta’ , ‘noodles’ and ‘rice’ from everyday fruit and vegetables , in less time than it takes to peel a potato . for example , it can spin a simple courgette into a generous bowl of ‘spaghetti’ in a flash . spiralize a sweet potato and in minutes you’ll apparently get a filling portion of ‘rice’ with just half the calories and carbs of regular basmati . nutritionists warn it is not a good idea to completely eliminate carbohydrates from the diet entirely , as they provide a range of important nutrients . however , many of us are guilty of eating too many carbs , and a spiralizer could help us cut down , said dietitian vanessa hattersley . she said : ‘ many of us do tend to overload our plates with pasta , rice , bread and potatoes when they are on offer . a well-balanced meal should be a quarter protein , a quarter carbohydrate and half fruit and vegetables , so the spiralizer could play a really useful role in redressing the nutritional balance in a carb-heavy diet . ’ being in her apartment all day with her kitchen nearby meant her constant snacking quickly led to weight gain . ‘ it wasn’t necessarily that i was eating unhealthy food , it was more that i was eating a lot of healthy food . ' i was eating a half a tub of almond butter instead of a little bit with an apple slice or the whole tub of hummus , ’ ms maffucci said . ‘ i was snacking on many healthy things , but eating too many of them . ’ she describes feeling constantly tired . ‘ i felt like i was very lazy , even at night time . ' my fiancé would come home and i would make dinner for him , and by the time we were done i would be exhausted , and i would just lay on the couch and probably snack on more food , ’ ms maffucci said . later that month , she scored a deal to write a cookbook , which meant she would have to be photographed and featured in it . that’s when she knew she had to turn things around . the ‘ blogging weight’ gain had left her at 12 stone and a size 14/16 , and she needed to look fit and healthy for the book . ‘ i told myself , how could i promote this healthy lifestyle if i wasn’t living it myself ? ’ she had until late august — about three months — to transform her lifestyle so she could look and feel fit and comfortable during the photo shoot . she made a plan to get to 140-145 pounds ( 66 kg ) - by consistently exercising and eating her own spiralized meals minus the snacks . ‘ i said myself `` i’m gon na eat healthy spiralized meals for lunch and dinner , and that kept me satisfied and kept me fueled '' . 'it’s such a fun way to eat , you never get bored of what you’re eating . 'it’s healthy and it makes you feel good , ’ ms maffucci said . ‘ i felt satisfied all the time . ’ she said didn’t find it difficult to stick to spiralized food . ' it is delicious , after all . if you were to boil some pasta , drain it and then try to eat it , it wouldn’t really taste good ; it’s sort of the same thing with spiralized food , ' she said . ‘ what makes the dish delicious is the sauces and the cooking and the other things you put into it . ’ she said by eating food she normally would , and replacing pasta , rice , potatoes and processed food with spiralized vegetables , she didn’t have to sacrifice her taste buds in the name of health . ms maffucci said she didn’t find it difficult to stick to spiralized food ( her recipe for spiralized courgette with a fried egg is pictured ) . she said : 'it’s such a fun way to eat , you never get bored of what you’re eating ' . ms maffucci wrote a book , inspiralized : inspiring recipes to make with your spiralizer , following her weight loss . ‘ i always tell people , you won’t notice a big change in your flavor profile but you’ll notice it in the way you feel afterwards and how full you feel , and you feel a lot lighter , ’ she said . she even mastered how to incorporate weekend indulgences into her diet . ‘ i think of all of the foods that i love to eat that aren’t good for me and i literally sit and brainstorm and say how can i make this inspiralized ? ’ she said . her recipe for blueberry sweet potato waffles was one she came up with when she had a craving one hungover sunday morning . after sticking with the spiralized food and staying true to her exercise schedule , ms maffucci reached 150 pounds ( 68 kg ) by early august , extremely close to her goal . now she rests at ten stone , size 8/10 and is working on toning instead of losing weight . compared to her old lifestyle , she said she is much happier , focused and energised . ‘ after i lost the weight , i would do something as little as writing a thank you note that before i would push off because i was so exhausted . ' i would clean out my drawers at night instead of sitting on the couch and watching tv . ‘ my focus during the days was so much stronger too . without that old laziness anymore i get so much more done now . ’ visit ms maffucci 's blog , inspiralized , for recipes and tips . her book is available on amazon . this article originally appeared and has been reproduced with the permission of healthista.com .