they are probably one of the most famous dinosaurs to be discovered due to the distinctive line of armoured plates along its back . now new research revealed that male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs . it raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used its giant bony protrusions , which could reach up to 2.5 feet , to attract a mate . scientists have found that male stegosaurus ( top ) had different shaped armoured plates to females ( bottom ) . palaeontologists say male stegosaurus could have used them to show off their prowess in much the same way as peacocks do today . the research has also helped to answer a problem that has baffled palaeontologists for decades . a pair of turkey-sized ‘ egg thief lizards’ dubbed romeo and juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock in the mid-90s , but it has taken until now for experts to determine the sex of the ' lovers ' . now , researchers believe they have come up with a way to tell fossils of small feathered male dinosaurs from those of females . they say that the key differences between the sexes lie in bones near the base of the tail . paleontologistsat the university of alberta examined a pair of fossils found in mongolia , which were first described in 2001 . one is a complete skeleton , while the other is missing the middle and end of its tail . the researchers looked at indirect evidence of sexually dimorphic display structures , which are evident today in birds . examples include the fans of peacocks , the tall crests of roosters or the long tail feathers of some birds of paradise , which are used to attract and court mates . they are almost always much larger in males who do the courting , than in females , who do the choosing . the team theorised that like birds , small feathered dinosaurs such as oviraptors used long feathers on their tails to attract mates , rather than for flying . some stegosaurus individuals have been found with wide plates while others had tall plates with a sharper tip that were 45 per cent smaller . experts believed that these may have been two distinct species or individuals of a different age . however , using modern scanning techniques on a group of stegosaurus discovered at a ' graveyard ' in central montana , scientists have unraveled the answer . they found dinosaurs that had both sets of plates in the graveyard , suggesting they lived side-by-side . apart from the different plates , their skeletons were identical . this makes it unlikely that they were different species and ct scanning has shown that the bones were not morphing into one or the other . this suggests they belonged to two different sexes instead . the research team believe that the males may have had the larger , broader plates for use in mating displays while the females had the sharper taller plates , that may have helped to discourage unwanted attention or predators . evan saitta , who conducted the work at the university of bristol , said : ' as males typically invest more in their ornamentation , the larger , wide plates likely came from males . ' these broad plates would have provided a great display surface to attract mates . ' the tall plates might have functioned as prickly predator deterrents in females . ' stegosaurus , a herbivorous dinosaur , lived around 150 million years ago during the late jurassic period in the western united states . along with its bony back , it also had large spikes on its tail that are thought to have been for defence or fights with rivals . stegosaurus ( above ) lived around 150 million years ago but scientists have been baffled by differences between the shape of the plates on some fossils - leading some to believe they were different species . the new research on the armoured plates may help scientists determine whether ' sophie ' , the stegosaurus at the natural history museum in london pictured above , really is a female or if it was in fact a male dinosaur . some dinosaur experts have speculated that the bony plates may have been covered in skin filled with blood vessels so they could flush with colour . this could have acted as a warning to predator or being used as a way of attracting attention of the opposite sex . most dinosaur remains are difficult to determine the sex but there are a few that have been found to exhibit differences between males and females . some had large crests or nose horns that may have been sexual features . professor paul barrett , a palaeontologist at the natural history museum in london where one of the most complete stegosaur skeletons has just gone on display , said : ' it is interesting because it would add to the debate on what the plates were for . ' sexual dimorphism is something we see a lot in modern animals , although it 's not particularly prevalent in living reptiles or in living birds . ' however he added : ' i 'd like to see a lot more information on the graveyard site itself , the different sizes of the specimens , how they were arranged in the ground , more detail on the geology , and on the analyses that were done . ' evan saitta ( shown left with a stegosaurus armoured plate , used a ct scanner to examine the plates to see whether they might belong to different sexes . he is shown on the right cutting into the fossil to take samples .