a seven-year-old girl was subjected to months of violent punishment by her ' strict ' churchgoing aunt before a ' vicious and sustained ' beating finally killed her , a court heard today . shanay walker 's death was the culmination of ' repeated acts of cruelty ' at the hands of seventh-day adventist kay-ann morris that included having food shoved in her mouth and being struck on the hands with a hairbrush , a jury was told . the youngster , who had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death , was found cold and rigid in her bed by paramedics called to the family home in bestwood , nottingham , last july . shanay walker , found cold and stiff in her bed in nottingham last july . her aunt is currently on trial for her murder . the prosecution claim shanay was subject to repeated acts of cruelty at the hands of her aunt and grandmother , juanila smikle , until she was eventually killed by a ' vicious and sustained attack ' last july . morris told police officers shanay , who she was the legal guardian for , had fallen down the stairs . but the 23-year-old , who was an aspiring police officer in her teens , was later arrested and charged with murder . nottingham crown court heard how shanay went to live with her aunt as a five-year-old in 2012 after her natural mother - morris ' sister-in-law - struggled to care for her . however , richard pratt qc said she soon became the victim of regular punishments by morris , and her mother , juanila smikle - shanay 's grandmother . she was disciplined for tiny misdemeanours such as failing to eat quickly enough or ' fighting ' while brushing her teeth . jurors were told the schoolgirl faced a range of abuse including being placed in the bath and having water thrown over her , being forced to stand on a landing for 20 minutes , and having the palms of her outstretched hands ' whacked ' with a hairbrush . mr pratt said that on one occasion , neighbours saw morris refuse to let a desperate shanay go to the toilet , and instead taunted her with the ditty : ' i know a song that will get on your nerves ' . he added that witnesses questioned by police following shanay 's death described morris as a ' very strict ' parent who frequently made her niece cry by shouting at her . others told how shanay was ' hysterical ' at times , had ' lost her sparkle ' after moving in with ' stern looking ' morris , and went from being a ' bubbly ' child when her aunt was n't around to ' introverted and anxious ' when she was nearby . kay-ann morris , who is on trial at nottingham crown court charged with the murder of her niece , seven-year-old shanay walker , last july . the court heard teachers at shanay 's primary school had noticed injuries to her which were recorded in safeguarding referral forms and then shown to a social worker . but morris gave explanations for the marks , telling staff a burn mark on the youngster 's thigh was because she had stood too close to a radiator . mr pratt said she also claimed shanay ' hurt herself ' . he described how in the hours before her death , shanay was seen running from smikle 's home in top valley , nottingham , barefoot and in her pyjamas . when asked by two schoolgirls playing nearby if she was alright , the youngster replied she was n't because ' her nana and her auntie were being horrible to her ' . she then sought refuge in a local convenience store , where she was collected by the pair - with smikle allegedly saying ' i do n't care if it hurts ' when she grabbed her granddaughter by the arm . that was the last time shanay was seen alive by anyone outside her family . police were alerted to shanay 's death by morris ' twin sister kerry-ann morris , a serving soldier in the royal artillery , who was stationed in germany . morris had called her sibling in the early hours of july 31 last year to say her niece had been badly hurt after she fell down a flight of stairs . however , the court heard that after the call was cut off , kerry-ann told military police in germany , who then contacted officers in nottingham . mr pratt said that when police went to the family home , a council flat , they were met by a ' distressed and erratic ' morris who told them : ' baby not asleep . baby is dead . ' she claimed shanay had fallen down the stairs and hurt her neck , but that she had been ' alright ' and had gone to bed . however , morris said she later checked on the youngster , and was unable to wake her . mr pratt said a ' highly emotional ' smikle arrived at the house a short time later , as did paramedics who noticed straight away that shanay was cold and stiff . the prosecutor added they also spotted blood staining to her head and extensive bruising on her legs . he said : ' these injuries did not look to him ( the paramedic ) like they had been sustained during an accidental fall down the staircase . ' he reported his finding to the police officers , more senior officers attended and in due course kay-ann morris was arrested on suspicion of the murder of shanay walker . ' shanay 's body revealed the presence of 50 single or groups of fresh blunt force injury . the vast majority of these were bruises which were distributed across the face , torso , arms and legs . ' the most confluent areas of bruising ( bruising that runs together ) were on the hands , feet , and the buttocks . ' the jury heard a post-mortem examination revealed shanay had suffered a subdural haemorrhage in her brain , which ultimately led to her death . mr pratt added : ' we say that kay-ann morris was lying when she told the police officers at the scene that shanay had accidentally fallen down the stairs . ' it was lie told to try to cover up the truth that she had subjected her niece , a child in her care , to a sustained , vicious and brutal beating . ' shanay had not simply fallen down the stairs - she had been the victim of sustained violence which caused her death . ' in the days that followed the investigation into the death of shanay walker broadened and revealed sadly the infliction of violence and cruelty that night , although obviously more serious that night , was by no means an isolated incident . ' in short , the investigation revealed that during her short life , shanay had been subjected to repeated acts of cruelty by kay-ann morris and juanila smikle . ' the court heard that in police interviews after her arrest , morris made no comment . she denies murder and child cruelty against shanay and one other child , who ca n't be named for legal reasons . smikle denies child cruelty against shanay and four other youngsters , none of whom can be named . the trial , which is expected to last six weeks , continues .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .