a perth woman who claimed she cured her cancer using a dietary program where she ate vast amounts of pineapple has pledged to release her medical records after critics questioned claims about her ' magic diet ' . in the wake of recent controversy surrounding ' wellness warriors ' such as whole pantry founder belle gibson and the death of gerson therapy advocate jessica ainscough , bloggers have demanded ' irrefutable proof ' that modelling agent candice-marie fox cured her cancer ' with juice ' . ms fox said she was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011 . she initially had surgery to remove tumours from her neck that september and she then underwent a course of radiation treatment to ' mop up ' the cancer in december . but when a return visit to the doctors revealed cancer cells had spread to other parts of her body , ms fox rejected further conventional medical treatment in favour of a diet and lifestyle plan she discovered online . scroll down for video . as a model , candice marie-fox ( right ) rubbed shoulders with the likes of last year 's bachelor blake garvey . juice in hand : candice-marie fox ( pictured ) claims to have cured her cancer with a nutritional program involving the heavy consumption of pineapples . ms fox underwent surgery and radiation treatment . she is planning to release relevant medical records without her personal details . ' i was feeling a bit lost , just winging it on the internet myself , ' she said , until she discovered a u.s. organisation called the nutritional oncology research institute . she would sometimes spend weeks on a fruit-only diet , taking up yoga and leaving her stressful job behind to join a positive-thinking dance group called the liberators international . her diet program involved her drinking ' morning juice ' , dipping into boxes of pineapples each hour and taking vitamins . ms fox said when she returned to the doctors months after embracing her new lifestyle , medical staff found her cancer had been radically reduced in size and is now gone . ' i have got rid of it all ( the cancer ) 100 per cent myself through just hardcore nutrition , loving myself and meditating , adopting all stuff i thought never would have worked , ' she said . bloggers have questioned that assertion , demanding medical evidence for her claims and questioning her understanding of her radiation treatment . ' i am merely requesting that you are transparent about something as serious as being able to cure cancer using nutritional means , ' one wrote . ' the truth is not negative or mean or bullying in any way whatsoever . ' in response , ms fox said she was applying to obtain all her relevant medical records , which will take 45 to 60 days to obtain . she is planning release them in a pdf file , without personal details such as her medicare number and contact details . ms fox also said she is seeking a trusted independent investigator to examine her claims and insisted she is not promoting her cause for fame or money . ' i did n't even know about this belle gibson lady , ' she said . ' i do n't know whether she did have cancer or what . ' ms fox ( pictured ) has been questioned by bloggers over claims she cured her cancer through a diet as well as meditation . as part of the modelling world , ms fox is friends with the bachelor blake garvey . ' i did n't even know about this belle gibson lady , ' she said . ' i do n't know whether she did have cancer or what . ' ' all i know is , she 's not me , i 'm not her . ' my story is so far removed from anybody else 's story because it 's mine . ' it 's unique , and it 's exactly how it happened . ' so why am i not allowed to share that ? ' why am i not allowed to help people heal ? i 'm not making money out of this , i 'm not trying to hurt anyone . ' ' i 'm not a fraud and i 'm not a fake ' . ms fox said she ' totally understood ' that people were sceptical and that people were concerned her message could discourage people from seeking conventional treatments - but that was n't her agenda . ' it just seems they 've got this massive agenda to break down my story . ' i know i can sleep at night and in my heart i am doing what i know to be right . ' ' i have n't changed anything , i have n't deleted anything . ' it really did change the way i f***ing lived ' . cancer council nutritionist kathy chapman said maintaining a healthy diet is ' one of the things you can do to support your treatment ' , but dismissed ' magic diets ' as unproven . ' i think it 's really important for anybody who is facing cancer that they put their faith in medical doctors who are going to be backed up by sound research , ' ms chapman said . ' a lot of the people claiming these cures with special magic diets you need to ask - where 's the scientific studies there to back them up , and they are missing in this case . ' oncologist dr ian olver , the director of the samsom institute , said there was evidence a diet of fresh fruit and vegetables with less red meat could prevent cancer . but dr olver , from the university of south australia , said there was little evidence to suggest food could cure cancer and that he was concerned about the popularity of so-called ' wellness warriors ' . ' people may be lured into abandoning or not taking up potentially curative treatments because something 's become popular for which there is no evidence . ' even if someone claimed they were cured by a certain diet , you 'd like to know if that happened one in two ( cases ) or one in 20000 - but these anecdotes get blown up into suggestions for lifestyle . ' candice ( pictured left ) would sometimes spend weeks on a fruit-only diet , taking up yoga and leaving her stressful job behind to join a positive-thinking dance group called the liberators international .  