nathaniel clyne has been told he is england 's first choice right-back by roy hodgson . and the southampton defender , who is being tracked by manchester united and chelsea , has fuelled talk that he could quit st mary 's this summer by insisting he wants to play champions league football . clyne 's excellent displays for the saints have thrust him into the forefront of hodgson 's plans . southampton defender nathaniel clyne poses with a wwe title belt while attending a pay-per-view event . clyne joined carlton cole ( left ) to speak at at a football fighting ebola event in london . he has started england 's previous four matches - including the euro 2016 qualifiers against slovenia and lithuania . tottenham 's kyle walker and arsenal 's calum chambers are also in contention for england 's right-back berth - but clyne has revealed hodgson has told him the shirt is his as long as he keeps on performing . speaking at the football fighting ebola fundraising event in london , he said : ' roy just said that `` you’ve done ever so well since coming in . it’s like you have been playing international football for a long time . the right back spot is yours at the moment , if you can continue on '' . 'i’ve settled in well with the england squad . if i keep on putting in performances and keep on improving as a player , i can hopefully make the position my own and look to make tournaments and hopefully win tournaments with england as well . ' southampton have opened talks with clyne , who was spotted at a wwe event in the capital on monday night , over a new contract but face a huge fight to keep him beyond the end of the season . united are understood to be leading the race to land clyne in the summer , but chelsea have entered the race for his signature . the southampton defender has been linked with a move to chelsea and manchester united . and the 24-year-old has openly admitted he is eager to start his champions league career . ' i see myself hopefully playing in the champions league and competing for titles and trophies . that’s what i’m aiming for , ' he said . 'i’m definitely ambitious . every player would love to be playing champions league and winning trophies and titles . 'that’s what you play football for , that’s the dream . ' i would say champions league is the next step in my progression . i think i need experience playing european football . 'we’re doing well with southampton . hopefully we can get there . that would be great . ' clyne attended the wwe 's london edition of their show ' raw ' along with crystal palace star wilfried zaha on monday night . crystal palace winger wilfried zaha poses with a wwe title belt during the event on monday night . clyne claims roy hodgson , pictured at the manchester derby , has handed him the right-back slot . the saints right-back has started england 's last four games , including euro 2016 qualifier against slovenia . people can donate at virginmoneygiving.com/footballfightingebola or by texting stopebola to 70030 which automatically gives £10 . 