it started out as a sweet family moment on a day trip to the zoo : a little girl beating her chest at a gorilla , safely separated by a pane of glass . but it seems the silverback at the nebraska zoo was less amused . the massive animal - who had been standing at the back of the enclosure - clearly decides enough is enough , and runs at the onlookers . playful : the little girl can be seen in the window beating her chest at one of the gorillas . cross : but the gorilla 's friend in the background is n't quiet as keen on the game . sprint : and he decided the time had come to do something about it - so started running towards the glass . heavy : the gorilla throws his entire weight at the pane of glass at omaha 's henry doorley zoo . the gorilla then launches himself , and his hundreds of pounds , at the little girl , hitting the glass with such force it cracks . the terrified family have fled to safety in the meantime . the incident took place at omaha 's henry doorley zoo yesterday , and since it was uploaded to youtube it has had more than 126,000 views . writing on reddit , the person who uploaded the video revealed : ' the person added : ' shortly before this we were telling the kids they could not break it . they will never believe us again . ' sadly the one beating her chest really started crying . ' they added : ' i came back a couple of minutes later , and the zoo keepers were telling people to stay away . ' horror : the family 's terrified reactions were captured in the glass the moment they gorilla hit . impact : the force is so much the glass cracks on impact - sending the family fleeing . huge : mountain gorillas like this one can weigh as muhc as 485lb , or 220kg . male mountain gorillas , which can reach the age of 40 , weigh between 300 and 485lb ( 220kg ) . they are classified as an endangered species , and henry doorley zoo is famous for its gorilla breeding programme . the zoo was responsible for the first gorilla test tube baby in 1995 , and now boasts the largest gorilla sperm bank in the world .