the aboriginal teenager who was arrested after anti-terror raids in melbourne on saturday has complained he was a victim of police brutality . eathan cruse , 19 , one of the five men taken into custody after raids on saturday morning , said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed . ' he grabbed me , handcuffs me , is like ' what 's your name ? ' ... and i said eathan , ' the man told nine news . scroll down for video . eathan cruse , 19 , one of the five men taken into custody after raids on saturday morning , said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed . ' he said ' yeah , that 's the one ' ... he kicks me right across the face as my hands were cuffed . ' eathan was released later in the day . his father , glen , also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid , and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained . ' i got a boot right in the head and they said ' shut up you abo ' , and i could hear eathan … getting knocked out cold , ' he said , according to fairfax media . eathan said the police officer grabbed and handcuffed him and asked : ' what 's your name ? ' ... and i said eathan , ' before assaulting him . eathan was released later in the day after his initial arrest . ' they smashed him to the ground , and i could hear this , just stomping , stomping . ' he also his family was the only one treated in this way during the raids . ' we are the [ only ] indigenous family of the lot , and we got the worst treatment , ' he said . victoria police confirmed a complaint had been made in regards to the treatment of mr cruse , and said it had ' been referred to referred to ( the ) professional standards command ' . eathan 's father , glen , also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid , and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained . ' they smashed him to the ground , and i could hear this , just stomping , stomping ' . it comes after the father of another man arrested during the raid said his family was traumatised by the level of force used by police . the father of one of the arrested teens , said police held a gun to his head and he was forced to lie on the floor for 30 minutes . the arrested man 's sister said she ' woke up to a sniper pointing at ( her ) head ' and police used tear gas to clear the house . the raids were carried out across melbourne , and reportedly foiled an anzac day terror plot . australian federal police searched the family 's home for 12 hours , and reportedly seized a knife , phones and a usb from the accused man 's bedroom . the family was told on saturday the teen was being held under an interim preventative detention order . it is the first time a pdo has been used in victoria under the 2003 terrorism act . sevdet besim , 18 , was charged with conspiracy to commit acts in planning or preparation for an act of terrorism after the raids .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .