british exports to the rest of the world are surging ahead of those to the european union , official figures showed yesterday . it is the first time since records began that such sales of uk goods have outstripped those to the eu for six months in a row . previously they have beaten eu exports on a quarterly basis – or three months – but never for such a sustained period . the figures appear to vindicate david cameron 's ' mercantile ' foreign policy , which has seen him lead trade missions all over the world in order to refocus trade away from the eu 's struggling economies . they are also a major rebuff to tony blair , who claimed in a speech this week that quitting the eu would cause ' significant damage to our economy ' . meanwhile eurosceptics will seize on the figures as evidence that britain could carve out a prosperous future outside the eu . the news that british sales to the rest of the world are surging ahead of those to europe is a major blow to former prime minister tony blair 's claim that leaving the eu would damage the economy . the figures appear to vindicate david cameron 's ' mercantile ' foreign policy , which has seen him lead trade missions all over the world . but total sales of british goods overseas have fallen to the lowest level for nearly five years amid warnings that the strong pound and weak eurozone are acting like a ' straitjacket ' on exporters . the slump will come as a setback for the government ahead of the general election next month . britain has exported more goods to europe than the rest of the world since the uk joined the common market in the 1970s . exports to the continent were worth £147.9billion in 2014 compared with £144.9billion to non-eu countries . but the gap has been closing in recent years as the crisis in the eurozone has hit demand for british-made goods and uk firms looked further afield for business . exports to the eu in the three months to february were 7.4 per cent lower than a year earlier at £34.4billion . at the same time , sales of goods stamped ' made in britain ' to the rest of the world were up 4.2 per cent to £37.9billion . matthew elliott , chief executive of business for britain , said : ' these figures put the kibosh on the scaremongering from the pro-eu cabal that would have had us stuck in the euro today . ' the eu makes up a declining share of our trade yet its out-of-date rules make it harder for the uk to do business across the globe . ' with firms on the continent so reliant on trade with the uk we are in a strong position to renegotiate our relationship inside the eu or secure a trade deal outside altogether . ' british goods overseas have fallen to the lowest level for nearly five years amid warnings that the strong pound and weak eurozone are acting like a ' straitjacket ' on exporters . in a ringing endorsement of britain 's eu membership this week , mr blair said : ' i believe passionately that leaving europe would leave britain diminished in the world , do significant damage to our economy and , less obviously but just as important to our future , would go against the very qualities that mark us out still as a great global nation . ' he added the uncertainty of a referendum would cause ' chaos ' for business , and if voters opted for exit there would be ' the most intense period of business anxiety ' since the second world war . however , britain 's trade deficit with the eu – the difference between exports and imports – widened to £21.1billion in the three months to february . the ons said it was the biggest trade gap since records began in 1998 and ' mainly ' reflected the slump in exports – with demand from the crisis-torn eurozone particularly weak . allie renison , head of trade policy at the institute of directors , said : ' our trade deficit in goods with the eu continues to widen , reflecting weak demand caused by prolonged stagnation in the eurozone . this underlines the need to reorient our focus on key emerging markets , including asia . the government should be pushing the eu as hard as possible to secure trade deals with countries where tariffs on goods still matter for british manufacturing exporters . ' under the coalition led by david cameron , exports to the continent were worth £147.9billion in 2014 compared with £144.9billion to non-eu countries . meanwhile the pound has risen by nearly 20 per cent against the euro in the last two years – making it more expensive for buyers in the single currency bloc to buy goods made in british factories . during this time , british firms have sought to exploit faster-growing markets such as china , india , mexico and africa . alasdair cavalla , an economist at the centre for economics and business research , said : ' there has been a certain amount of conscious redirecting of exports through trade missions and trade deals with partners outside the eu . ' but despite the shift to far-flung markets in asia and latin america , total exports have fallen to the lowest level since early in this parliament . sales of british-made goods overseas fell by £900million or 3.7 per cent in february alone to £23.2billion – the lowest monthly figure since september 2010 . chancellor george osborne has promised to double exports to £1trillion by 2020 to strengthen the economy – but is on course to fall well short of that target . exports of goods and services fell from nearly £515.9billion in 2013 to £507.7billion in 2014 . chancellor george osborne ( pictured ) has promised to double exports to £1trillion by 2020 to strengthen the economy – but is on course to fall well short of that target .  david kern , chief economist of the british chambers of commerce , said : ' it is clear that the uk is not yet making adequate process to rebalance the economy towards net exports . unless we see firm action to improve our export performance , it is not clear how we will sustain strong growth in the long-term . ' paul hollingsworth , uk economist at capital economics , said the bleak figures ' will re-ignite fears that the strong pound and weakness in demand in the euro-zone is acting as a straightjacket on exporters ' . exports to china jumped 21 per cent between 2012 and 2014 sales of british goods to south korea were up nearly 14 per cent . china is now britain 's sixth biggest export market behind the irish republic , france , the netherlands , germany and the us . sales of british-made cars to china have increased seven-fold since 2009 amid booming demand for luxury brands such as aston martin and rolls-royce . china is now the biggest overseas market for british cars having overtaken the us in 2013 .