dead fish have continued to wash up on the banks of a rio de janeiro lake that is scheduled to hold olympic rowing competitions during the 2016 games . fish die-offs are a frequent occurrence in rio 's waterways , which are choked with raw sewage and rubbish . the latest incident , affecting thousands of small silvery fish called twaite shad , began several days ago at the rodrigo de freitas lake , where the olympic canoeing and rowing events are to be held . the rodrigo de freitas lagoon will hold the brazil 2016 olympics rowing and canoe competitions . currently , the lake is littered with thousands of dead fish due to the raw sewage and rubbish within it . with neighbors complaining about the stench , employees of the city 's waste management company have been working to clear away the dead fish . ' every year there are these die-offs , sometimes bigger , sometimes smaller , ' said photographer alex moutinho , who has lived near the lake for over three decades . ' it 's one more brazilian shame . ' in a statement , the city 's environmental secretariat said the latest incident was the result of recent rains and high sea levels , which caused the lake 's water temperature to plummet . the statement stressed that twaite shad are sensitive to variations in temperature , adding that oxygen levels in the lake were normal . officials say the recent problems are the result of rain , which caused the lake 's temperature to plummet . the city 's waste management company have been brought in to clear the lake of the dead fish . vultures feed on the dead fish on the shore of the rodrigo de freitas lagoon in rio de janeiro on monday . previous fish die-offs in the lake have been blamed on pollution-related drops in oxygen levels . the cause of february die-off of twaite shad in the guanabara bay , where the olympic sailing events are to be held , were not known . rio 's water quality has become a contentious topic ahead of the 2016 olympics . authorities had pledged to clean up some of the waterways including the guanabara bay ahead of the games but now admit those promises wo n't be met , sparking sailors to voice worries about possible health and safety threats posed by competing in the sewage and garbage-filled waters . residents concerned about the water quality of a canal in the rio neighborhood of recreio staged a protest on sunday . hundreds of demonstrators linked arms along the canal das taxas , which is filled with raw sewage from nearby condominiums . the canal flows into a lagoon where the olympic park is being built .