manuel pellegrini claimed he does not fear the sack after manchester city’s title hopes suffered a big blow at crystal palace . palace piled the pressure on the chilean with an outstanding win that was secured by goals from glenn murray and jason puncheon . it leaves city in fourth place , nine points behind barclays premier league leaders chelsea , and sweating on qualification for next season’s champions league . city , who hit back with a late sergio aguero goal , were furious that murray’s opener was allowed to stand , feeling it should have been disallowed for offside , and they surrounded referee michael oliver to protest . manchester city boss manuel pellegrini witnessed his side limp to a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace . pellegrini believes that palace 's first goal , scored by stirker glenn murray , was clearly offside . murray celebrates giving palace the lead in the first half with a close range finish . the result places further uncertainty on pellegrini’s future but he insisted he does not fear the axe . ‘ am i concerned for my job ? no . i’m never concerned about my job , ’ said pellegrini , who next up face rivals united at old trafford on sunday . ‘ i do my work and am very happy . you maybe have a difficult season , but you never worry about things like this . ’ when asked about his players crowding referee oliver after the first goal from murray , pellegrini , who felt his side should have been awarded a second-half penalty when palace striker murray handled in the box , replied : ‘ because it was a clear offside . in the first minute , there was another clear offside . jason puncheon gave palace a 2-0 lead against city when the midfielder scored with a superb free-kick . puncheon 's goal proved decisive for palace , who are now up to 11th in the premier league table . yaya toure scored a consolation goal for city as they lost more ground on league leaders chelsea . ‘ the mistake the referee can do , but there was also after that a clear penalty , and a lot of things happened in the game . ’ pellegrini added : ‘ you ask me the same question every time ( about the title race ) and i give the same answer : we are not thinking about chelsea and titles . we go each game and try to win . at the end of the season , we will see . ’ palace manager alan pardew heaped praise on his side , who virtually guaranteed their top-flight status with victory . ‘it’s a great night for us , fabulous for the club . we have 39 points on the board , so we’d like to think we’ll be back here next year . crystal palace has worked wonders since joining the club from newcastle united back in january this year . ‘ my job gets more difficult now after beating the champions here . expectations will be higher . we have to keep on improving on it . ‘ there wasn’t too much of a secret tonight . it was about resilience and good organisation . great character in the team . ‘ it was an important first goal tonight to set the mood for the game . we managed to get it . ‘ we got a bit of luck , there were some scary moments — about 23 of them , i counted . ‘ but we managed to see it through . you have to pay credit to these players . there were some real sustained attacks from city , showing tremendous character to keep their heads up at 2-0 down , got a great goal and i feared it was going to be a draw , but it was our night tonight . ‘ sometimes it is . we had a break with the first goal , which looks offside . but sometimes you deserve them . fa disciplinary chiefs are likely to examine footage of palace goalscorer puncheon appearing to be hit by a missile while trying to take a corner in the second half .