tom ince scored two fantastic goals in front of his dad as derby twice came from behind to share the points in a thrilling 4-4 draw at huddersfield . former england and manchester united midfielder paul was in the stands as the on-loan hull player scored two long-range efforts for the visitors , one in each half . play-off chasing derby were 1-0 up , 3-1 down and 4-3 behind in an amazing game which also saw huddersfield have three goals ruled out . tom ince ( centre ) is currently on loan at derby from premier league side hull city and has been in fine form . huddersfield ( 4-4-2 ) : smithies , smith , hudson , lynch , scannell , gobern , coady ( hogg 81 ) , butterfield , james , wells ( bunn 88 ) , miller . subs not used : edgar , murphy , wallace , lolley , billing . booked : james , butterfield . scorers : gobern 38 , hudson 41 , james 45 , wells 72 . derby ( 4-4-2 ) : grant , shotton , keogh , whitbread ( christie 27 ) , warnock , hendrick , hughes ( russell 79 ) , bryson ( dawkins 9 ) , ince , bent , lingard . subs not used : forsyth , ward , sammon , roos . booked : dawkins . scorers : ince 16 , 79 , dawkins 52 , lingard 61 . referee : dean whitestone . attendance : 15,889 . ince crashed home a stunning 25-yard drive on 16 minutes seconds after seeing a free-kick from similar distance saved . derby lost craig bryson to injury early on and then zak whitbread also went off on 27 minutes . after that huddersfield , seeking back-to-back home wins against play-off contenders after beating ipswich last time out , stepped up a gear . nahki wells and ishmael miller went close before three goals in seven minutes left derby shell-shocked . there was controversy about huddersfield 's first on 38 minutes when oscar gobern appeared to handle conor coady 's ball into the box . everybody except gobern seemed to stop for a flag or whistle but neither came and he hooked in from close range . gobern , out of contract at the end of the season , last scored for huddersfield in january 2012 . a mark hudson header from a reece james corner deflected into the net off a derby defender on 41 minutes . reece james , on-loan from manchester united , then scored his first goal for the terriers straight from a corner . he whipped in an effort from the right in first-half injury time and it went in after derby keeper lee grant came for but missed the ball . derby came out for the second half on fire and were quickly level when first simon dawkins and then jesse lingard scored . substitute dawkins fired in from a stephen warnock cross on 52 minutes while lingard struck from outside the box after dawkins initially tried to shoot . midfielder lingard , like james , is on loan from manchester united but unlike the town man has just signed new a two-year contract at old trafford . huddersfield , pegged back at 3-3 , would not give up and were in front again when wells had a shot deflected in . he had already had a goal ruled on 57 minutes when he followed up with an effort off which looped into the net off a derby defender after ishmael miller was denied . it was end-to-end action and ince scored his second - again from distance - after good work by darren bent to make it 4-4 on 79 minutes . miller had two goals ruled out , one for a foul on grant and the other , in stoppage time , for offside . also in injury time hudson headed wide from a jacob butterfield cross while johnny russell nearly had the last word with a free-kick which just went over . a point will help cement derby 's play-off position . huddersfield , who are already safe , are now unbeaten in five matches . 