shocking : nyia parler , 41 , was taken into custody by authorities in montgomery county , maryland overnight saturday on charges she wheeled her quadriplegic son into woods in philadelphia then went to visit her boyfriend . a philadelphia mother accused of abandoning her quadriplegic son in the woods before skipping town to see her boyfriend has been arrested . nyia parler , 41 , was taken into custody by authorities in montgomery county , maryland overnight saturday on charges including aggravated assault , simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person . police say she traveled to maryland from pennsylvania either last sunday or monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park with nothing but a blanket and a bible . parler 's son , who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy , was found on friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and a pile of leaves on the ground , 10 feet from his wheelchair and the bible . officials said the son , who has not been identified , would have died if he had not been spotted by people walking on a nearby road , reports nbc philadelphia . ' this kid is obviously a fighter . it 's just unbelievable how we found him last night . it 's just heartbreaking to see how another human , especially a mother , could treat him like that , ' lt. john walker of philadelphia police told abc . scroll down for video ... arrested : police say parler went to montgomery county to visit her boyfriend after abandoning the non-verbal 21-year-old in the woods . horrific : the quadriplegic man was found here on the floor of a secluded woodland outside philadelphia with this bible and this blanket , 10 feet from his wheelchair . he 'd allegedly been left there by his mother five days earlier . the son was hospitalized with dehydration , malnutrition , a cut to his back and eye injuries . according to philly.com two of his aunts , who are with him in hospital , have been trying to obtain guardianship for years . parler 's other son , a 16-year-old , is said to be in the custody of an aunt . a neighbor , who declined to be identified , told dailymail.com : ' she used to push him out to the school bus in his wheelchair , she seemed to care for him . whenever i saw him , i saw her . ' another , who also wished to remain anonymous , said : ' i would see them outside together in the summer when he got home from school . nothing looked wrong , i did n't suspect anything . ' walker said the son was exposed to the elements and other dangers . ' a lot of things could have happened out there , ' he said . abandoned : a passerby noticed the 21-year-old here in a wooded philadelphia park . ' obviously he 's in the middle of a wooded area . you have wild animals there ... this kid could not defend himself . he does not function at all . ' walker added : ' what we 've learned so far is that the 21-year-old child lives with his mother , completely dependent on mom as a result of his condition . ' she also has a 16-year-old son who is staying with other family members . ' we know she left for maryland on monday to go see her boyfriend on a bus . ' the man had been reported missing from class at philadelphia 's school of the future on monday . however , when a teacher called parler she told them they were both in maryland and he was well . rescuers used flashlights to find the non-verbal in the east lansdowne area of philadelphia on friday night . investigation : police arrested the man 's 41-year-old mother , who left him alone in the park on monday morning to visit her boyfriend in maryland . officers recovered the man 's wheelchair ( pictured ) for evidence .