one of the closest friends of georgina bartter , who died after consuming an ecstasy pill at a music festival last year , has pleaded guilty to supplying the teenager with the fatal pills that led to her death . a lawyer for rebecca hannibal , 19 , appeared in front of downing centre local court on wednesday . ms hannibal had pleaded not guilty to single supply charge at a previous hearing but her defence representative told magistrate mark buscombe she was changing her plea to guilty . police alleged ms hannibal , of cammeray , supplied a number of ' purple speaker ' pills between 2pm and 3:30pm on november 7 , the day before the harbourlife dance festival near mrs macquarie 's chair where ms bartter collapsed . rebecca hannibal ( centre ) has pleaded guilty to supplying her best friend georgina bartter ( far right ) with ' purple speaker ' ecstasy pills in the lead up to the harbourlife dance festival . ms bartter was just 19 when she died after collapsing on the dance floor in november last year after taking ' one and a half pills ' . ' purple speaker ' : she is believed to have had an extremely rare adverse reaction to the substance she took on the night . ms bartter is believed to have had an extremely rare adverse reaction to the ' one and a half pills ' she took on the night . she collapsed on the dance floor and was rushed to st vincent 's hospital but died from multiple organ failure . police charge sheets seen by daily mail australia allege the pills were purchased from matthew forti , 19 , who has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug between october 27 and november 8 last year . he has also been charged with supplying a prohibited drug in northbridge in january this year and possessing a drug in willoughby in february . police alleged ms hannibal ( front , with ms bartter pictured behind ) purchased a number of ' purple speaker ' pills between 2pm and 3:30pm on november 7 , the day before the harbourlife dance festival . ms hannibal ( left ) and ms bartter ( right ) , both 19 , were very close friends and had just returned from a five week european holiday together with a group of friends . police charge sheets seen by daily mail australia allege the pills were purchased from matthew forti , 19 , ( left ) who has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug between october 27 and november 8 last year . mr forti pleaded not guilty to three counts of supplying drugs and possessing mdma at the downing centre local court on march 25 and will return to court in may . tragically , the two young women shared a very close bond . they were ' best friends ' and had travelled to europe for five weeks together just months before ms bartter 's death . facebook is filled with photos of them together , with the teens pictured celebrating and carefree at ms hannibal 's 18th birthday party . ms hannibal ( left ) was arrested and charged on december 23 , more than a month after ms bartter 's tragic death on november 8 . a lawyer for rebecca hannibal , 19 , appeared in front of the downing centre local court on wednesday . ms hannibal had pleaded not guilty at a previous hearing but her defence representative told magistrate mark buscombe she was changing her plea to guilty . ms bartter was remembered as an ' old soul who loved her family ' at a memorial service in mid-november , her brother harry recalling her as ' perfectly imperfect ' . ms hannibal did not appear at court . her defence lawyer , mr robinson , bizarrely refused to provide his first name and declined to speak to reporters . she will appear in court on june 10 for sentencing . hundreds attended ms bartter 's funeral service st mary 's catholic church in north sydney a week after her death . the 19-year-old woman died at harbourlife festival ( pictured ) at mrs macquarie 's chair near sydney botanical gardens . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .