a teacher in new jersey who assigned her third-grade class to write ' get well ' letters to a sick inmate convicted of killing a philadelphia police officer was suspended friday , the school superintendent said . orange school superintendent ronald lee said in a statement that school administrators ' vehemently deny ' any knowledge of marilyn zuniga 's assignment . preliminary inquiries found that zuniga did not seek approval from administrators nor were parents notified , lee said . the letters were delivered to mumia abu-jamal in prison following his hospitalization last month for what his family said was treatment for complications from diabetes . suspended : marilyn zuniga ( left ) , a teacher at forest street school in orange , new jersey ( right ) , controversially had her third graders write letters to mumia abu-jamal and then sent them to the cop killer as he was recovering in hospital from collapsing in prison . she has now been suspended without pay , pending an investigation . ill : mumia 's supporters say photos of the prison journalist released this week by his wife show how ill and frail he is . untreated diabetes is said to be the reason for abu-jama 's hospitalization last week , but he has since been released . the former black panther is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner . his conviction was upheld through years of appeals , but he has gained international support for his claim that he is the victim of a racist justice system . a supporter and history professor at baruch college , johanna fernandez , brought him the letters . she posted on her facebook page that ' he chuckled as he read excerpts from these touching letters ' . abu-jamal was released from a hospital in pottsville , pennsylvania , on april 1 , and returned to the prison , she said . the school district was closed for spring break and the superintendent said a full investigation would begin when classes resume on monday . zuniga will remain suspended without pay until the investigation is completed , the superintendent said . additional action could be taken by the school board once the investigation is finished . an email the associated press sent zuniga seeking comment was not immediately returned . a second batch of students , from the the philadelphia student union , also sent abu-jama letters . ' get well soon ' : third graders in orange , new jersey , and high school students in the philadelphia student union have sent mumia abu-jamal letters wishing him well after he was hospitalized last week . delivery : johanna fernandez ( right ) , a professor of history at baruch college , delivered mumia abu-jamal a batch of letters from two different schools in hospital . he is pictured here also with ( from left ) abdu jon and pam africa . ' we shared a touching moment with mumia in an effort to raise his spirits , ' fernandez reported . ' two teachers delivered letters to us that their students had written to mumia . ' ' it had been a long time since we had seen mumia smile . ' a picture of some of the letters appeared online , however it is unclear what they actually said . however the fact they were written and then presented to abu-jamal has infuriated many . richard costello , political coordinator for the philadelphia fraternal order of police , said the letters set a dangerous example . ' i think it 's both alarming and outrageous that any teacher would use a group of innocent seven-year-olds to promote a twisted agenda glorifying murder , glorifying hatred and glorifying violence , ' costello told fox news . ' he shot ( the officer ) in the back and then as the officer lay slumped against a wall helpless he leaned over and shot him between the eyes . ' when he was in the hospital he actually bragged about it . ' costello said all the teachers involved in the letter writing campaign should be fired . ' furthermore all the parents who have children in that school system need to reevaluate that involvement , because these children are now placed in danger by the very people charged with their education , ' costello said . ' they are being used as tools in someone 's twisted agenda . ' hospitalized : convicted cop killer mumia abu-jamal was placed in the critical care unit of a pennsylvania hospital last week after collapsing in prison . costello has previously described abu-jamal as ' the devil ' . abu-jamal is thought to have collapsed in prison due to high blood sugar levels . attorney bret grote with the pittsburgh-based abolitionist law center said last week that his client was placed in the critical care unit of schuylkill medical center in pottsville , pennsylvania . grote says neither he nor abu-jamal 's brother , keith cook , had been allowed in to see him . ' we 're concerned , about as concerned as it gets , about mumia 's health , ' grote told the philadelphia inquirer . a pennsylvania department of corrections official also declined to provide details . a spokesman for pottsville 's schuylkill medical center says he had no information about abu-jamal . ' we never discuss an inmate 's medical condition , ' deputy press secretary susan bensinger told the inquirer . mumia 's hospitalization was revealed monday when a group of his friends arrived to the state correctional institution at mahanoy for a visit and were informed by prison staff that he was n't there . while grote and others had permission with the prison to visit mumia , the hospital had not yet cleared them . grote said he hoped the matter would be cleared up by tuesday . abu-jamal is a former black panther serving life in prison for the 1981 murder of white philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner . treated : lawyers with pittsburgh-based abolitionist law center say prison officials told them mumia was being treated last week at pottsville 's schuylkill medical center ( pictured ) . he has since been released . his conviction was upheld through years of appeals , but he has gained international support for his claim that he 's the victim of a racist justice system . mumia 's death sentence was overturned in 2012 . abu-jamal supporters include celebrities like whoopi goldberg , and many hail him as a revolutionary . abu-jamal has written several books , hosted his own radio show and even has a street named after him in france . mumia abu-jamal ( left ) is a former black panther serving life in prison for the 1981 murder of white philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner ( right ) . his conviction was upheld through years of appeals , but his death sentence was converted to life in prison in 2012 . 