arrest : timothy rogalski allegedly repeatedly called sandy hook elementary school on tuesday . a man has been arrested for repeatedly calling sandy hook elementary school and accusing staff members of staging the 2012 school massacre . timothy rogalski , from wallingford , connecticut , called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone . the fifth time he called , he spoke to an administrative assistant . in the calls , the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the december 14 , 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead , according to police in monroe . he also said the boston marathon bombings in april 2014 were fake , police said . authorities traced the calls back to the home rogalski shares with his father , about 40 miles from where the 2012 attack unfolded , and he was arrested . ' i do n't think i said anything that horrible , ' rogalski said at a court appearance on wednesday , nbc connecticut reported . he has been charged with harassment and disorderly conduct and is being held on $ 2,500 bond . he was ordered to undergo a mental health evaluation and not to contact anyone at the school . he will next appear in court on april 22 . arrest : the calls were traced to his home in wallingford , pictured , which is about 40 miles from where the shooting unfolded in newtown in 2012 . he was taken into custody and charged . rogalski allegedly made the calls to sandy hook elementary , which is operating temporarily in monroe as a new school is built to replace the old one , and two other nearby schools . the original site of the school was demolished a year after the shootings . the gunman 's home , where he shot dead his mother before going on the killing spree at the school , was also torn down in earlier this year . rogalski 's arrest does not mark the first time threatening calls have been made about the killings . in the days following the 2012 school shooting , wilfrido cardenas hoffman , 31 , looked up newtown residents ' phone numbers from his home in venezuela and made more than 90 calls . authorities said that in a few calls , cardenas claimed to be the sandy hook shooter , adam lanza , and threatened to kill the person he had phoned . terror : responders gather at the scene of the mass school shooting in newtown on december 14 , 2012 . the shooting left 20 children and six educators dead , as well as the gunman 's mother . ' this is adam lanza . i 'm gon na ( expletive ) kill you . you 're dead . you 're dead . you hear me ? you 're dead , ' he said , according to authorities . deirdre daly , the u.s. attorney for connecticut , said the conduct of cardenas was reprehensible . ' these threatening calls , just two days after the tragedy , compounded the collective suffering of all of the citizens of newtown and needlessly stressed law enforcement resources at a critical time , ' she said . he was arrested in 2014 , pleaded guilty and was sentenced to a year in prison .