dishevelled commuters across new south wales ' coastline are mourning the loss of their umbrellas on social media this morning as gale force winds destroy even the sturdiest of frames . with winds of up to 135km/h battering the east coast , many have learned the hard way that their trusty shelters can’t withstand cyclone strength conditions . workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag # umbrellageddon on social media . scroll down for video . commuters are struggling with their umbrellas in the fierce winds which have reached up to 135km/h in some parts of nsw . a man battles to keep control of his umbrella against strong winds in sydney on tuesday . ' the umbrella graveyard . # sydney # takemehome , ' brendan duong posted on instagram after spotting two colourful brollies poking out the top of a sydney bin . ' weather 47 - 0 umbrellas . # umbrellageddon , ' sam moore wrote on twitter as she posted these photos of brollies in sydney 's darling harbour . ‘ the umbrella graveyard . # sydney # takemehome , ’ brendan duong posted on instagram after spotting two colourful brollies poking out the top of a sydney bin . haley sewell’s umbrella barely fitted in a bin alongside all the other trashed brollies . ‘ this is # sydney . the # umbrella # cemetery . mine # died 2mins after leaving the # house , ’ ms sewell captioned the photo on instagram . in martin place in sydney’s cbd , uriel blob posted a rainy photo of two broken and twisted brollies pointing out ‘ the struggle’ facing commuters . some umbrellas were stripped down to their ‘ bare bones’ and one social media joked ‘it’s # bin pretty # windy [ sic ] ’ . pricier umbrellas sometimes come with guarantees against their frames but if damage is caused by the wind manufacturers say that does not constitute a faulty frame . robert sharpe , the associate director of umbrella company clifton australia , told daily mail australia that ' an umbrella with more ribs and that is windproof has a better chance of survival ' in this weather . however , he said their company had never ' done any major wind testing ' on their umbrellas . mr sharpe advised : ' always carry your umbrella into the wind and not over your head . buy a strong large size umbrella so it offers you more protection . ' a broken umbrella is abandoned in sydney 's cbd on april 21 , as a second day of damaging winds and heavy rain hit the new south wales coast . ' this is # sydney . the # umbrella # cemetery . mine # died 2mins after leaving the # house , ' one user posted on instagram . people walk in sydney 's cbd with umbrellas amid delays for traffic and public transport . in martin place in sydney’s cbd , uriel blob posted a rainy photo of two broken and twisted brollies pointing out ‘ the struggle’ facing commuters . and neerav bhatt shared an image of an abandoned umbrella at unsw . ' it 's ' # bin ' pretty # windy . # umbrellastagram # sydneyweather # wildweather # sydney # wind , ' tsyme posted on instagram . ' where umbrellas meet on a day like this in sydney , ' darcystproject posted ( left ) on instagram from parramatta . an umbrella that could not withstand the force of the wind is seen submerged in hyde park in sydney . ' # monday # sydneyweather # yuck , ' nathan stevens wrote on instagram of this photo taken on george street .