children as young as four have been investigated for drug and sex offences - and toddlers aged just two suspected of assault , it was revealed today . shocking figures from west midlands police also show a nine-year-old has been probed on suspicion of criminal damage and a four-year-old questioned over an assault . between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the region either committed , of were suspected of committing , a crime . investigated : between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the west midlands either committed , of were suspected of committing , a crime , according to figures ( file picture posed by model ) . they include 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of sexual offences , according to the details released after a freedom of information act request . a nine-year-old girl was also linked to a case of criminal damage while a five-year-old girl was alleged to have committed sexual activity with a child . the legal age of criminal responsibility in england and wales is ten . but four-year-old children have also been investigated on suspicion of possessing cannabis , criminal damage , assault , theft and sexual activity with a child aged under 13 . in both 2013 and 2014 two-year-old boys were believed to be behind assaults and in 2012 a three-year-old girl was suspected of being responsible for a theft . publication : west midlands police ( whose headquarters in birmingham are pictured ) released figures showing that in both 2013 and 2014 two-year-old boys were believed to be behind assaults . police admitted some of the figures may be inaccurate - including statistics showing a rape suspect aged minus three , and a one-year-old breaching a non-molestation order . a boy of 13 became one of britain 's youngest murderers after he was jailed for at least 12 years for killing a woman he had just mugged by stamping on her face so hard it left a footprint on her cheek . cctv footage showed the horrendous moment petri kurti murdered 47-year-old glynis bensley before he fled to a nearby park in smethwick , west midlands , and boasted about the savage attack . the schoolboy , who was named last friday after a judge lifted a reporting restriction order , will be on licence for life . sentencing , judge john warner said he had been ' running wild ' in his home life . a force spokesman said : ‘ the response features information collated in good faith from millions of pieces of data stored on force systems which , on reflection , contains some inaccuracies as a result of human inputting errors at the time of the crime being recorded . ' he added that the foi response was released with the following caveat : ' although every effort is made to ensure the figures presented are accurate and complete , the data collected is subject to inaccuracies inherent in any large-scale recorded system . ‘ as a consequence , care should be taken to ensure data collection processes and their inevitable limitations are taken into account when interpreting those data . ‘ data on ages is calculated from date of birth , which is inputted manually . therefore inaccuracies may result from human error . '