green party activists have been told to dress in ' mainstream ' fashion while knocking on doors in a bid to win over sceptical voters . a manual for the party 's supporters urges them to appear ' level headed ' and ' agreeable ' – and even encourages them to compliment people 's homes . the advice , which has been distributed among green campaigners in london , also provides stock answers to ease voters ' concerns about their radical plans to dismantle the army , legalise drugs and pay everybody £72 a week no matter how rich they are . scroll down for video . a green campaigning manual urges activists to dress in ' mainstream ' fashion - unlike the campaigners pictured with the party 's only mp caroline lucas at a fracking protest at balcombe , west sussex ( above ) . it comes amid growing scrutiny of the green party 's manifesto commitments after its membership surged to more than 50,000 , outnumbering the liberal democrats and ukip . but the party 's surge in support was hit by a series of disastrous media appearances from the party 's leader natalie bennett in which she struggled to explain her key policies . in february she suffered what she called a ' brain fade ' on lbc radio when she forgot the details of her party 's key housing policies . ms bennett endured another tough interview yesterday - and was forced to defend her proposal to give every adult in britain a guaranteed weekly income . she admitted the so-called ' citizens income ' – which critics say would cost £280billion – would take longer than five years to bring in , and could take even longer . ms bennett also admitted that another green pledge – to dismantle the armed forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines – was also a 'long-term aspiration ' . the party also supports leaving nato and abandoning nuclear weapons . the green manual for volunteers aims to ease voters ' concerns over the party 's radical platform . the green party 's surge in support has been hit by a series of disastrous media appearances from the party 's leader natalie bennett in which she struggled to explain her key policies . written by the party 's candidate alick munro , who is standing in the london seat of hayes and harlington , the guide provides advice on responding to statements including ' you 'll cause economic disaster ' , ' a green vote is a wasted vote , ' and ' you 'll leave us defenceless . ' in a section entitled ' presenting ourselves ' , the green manual advises being ' open , friendly , confident , mainstream appearance , level headed , agreeable , ' the telegraph reported today . ' bring a notebook to note down successful contacts . stand back three feet from people 's front doors so as not to appear threatening . ' admire anything that you can reasonably admire . take a friendly interest in people . ' canvassers are encouraged to visit car boot sales , supermarkets and sporting events , with potential green voters identified particular among the young , the ill and public sector workers . if voters ask why they should consider voting green , members are encouraged to say : ' we want a healthy world where people can live meaningful lives . ' we all need clean air , health food , a healthy local economy , education that brings out the best in everybody – we do n't want to waste our lives sitting in traffic jams , destroying the planet and hating each other . '