geoff whitington , 63 , from ashford , kent , was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated . it is a toe-curling moment that many have faced : the supermarket tantrum . and geoff whitington , pouting and shouting , performs it with aplomb . ' i do n't want to ! ' is the cry when he is asked if he will try whelks . despite the wobbly bottom lip and huffy , crossed arms , geoff happens to be a 63-year-old father of four grown-up children . and in this bizarre episode of role-reversal , it is his sons , anthony and ian , who are gently – some might say valiantly – trying to broaden his palate . the problem will be all too familiar to anyone who has broached the subject of healthier eating with a parent who might not have the most up-to-date ideas about diet . but the whitington boys are motivated by a matter of life and death . for years , geoff was ill , made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated . turning round his health would mean changing the habits of a lifetime of poor food choices and no exercise . and geoff resisted with a passion . while many would have admitted defeat in the face of his almost insurmountable stubbornness , the two brothers overhauled their father 's health , and crucially , his attitude . and in doing so , they have undoubtedly saved his life . anthony and ian have helped their father shed six stone and now , two years after that tantrum in the supermarket , geoff is a man transformed . he loves to cycle , never eats take-aways and counts kale and couscous among his favourite foods . most remarkably , doctors say he is no longer diabetic – and he is off medication . the supermarket stand-off was caught on camera for a forthcoming film called fixing dad , a searingly honest but moving account of the whitingtons ' journey , which has already won coveted slots at film festivals . the brothers have a lifelong passion for film – ian , 35 , is a full-time film-maker – so they decided to document their battle to inspire others to do the same . anthony , 37 , says : ' he was n't old , but dad had given up on himself . he blamed himself for his illness but did n't think he could do anything about it . getting a grown man to change his ways is difficult and there were times when it felt like it was pointless , but we knew we had to carry on . just the thought of losing him spurred us on . ' luckily for geoff , his sons are just as stubborn as he used to be , and their plan has been a huge success . ' the difference in dad is incredible and he is proof that it 's never too late , ' says anthony , a father-of-four from ashford , kent . ' physically , he 's gone from having to use crutches to get around to taking on 100-mile cycle challenges . mentally he 's a new person – he had retreated into himself and was probably depressed . ' scroll down for video . his sons anthony and ian ( right ) helped the father-of-four shed six stone and overhauled his health . he turned his life around and remarkably , doctors say he is no longer diabetic – and he is off medication . geoff , who lives in ashford with second wife marilyn , works 15-hour night shifts as a security guard . before his sons intervened , his exercise routine was non-existent and he tipped the scales at 20 stone . he existed on a high-fat , high-sugar diet . sometimes he 'd eat three takeaway meals a day . anthony , a corporate financial adviser , says : ' he had an old-fashioned mentality that cooking was a woman 's domain , so he 'd opt for something convenient and quick . marilyn would cook him healthy dinners but dad would sneak in a takeaway on the way home . ' geoff 's weight problems were worrying enough , but there was the added complication of his type 2 diabetes , which affects more than 2.7 million britons . if left untreated , the condition can leave a person up to five times more likely to develop heart disease or have a stroke , and at risk of foot problems due to nerve damage and poor circulation . rates of type 2 diabetes are soaring due to increasing obesity , unhealthy diets , a lack of exercise and an ageing population . geoff was first diagnosed with diabetes in 2003 . but it was n't until a visit to a podiatrist in august 2013 that the gravity of his situation was laid bare . ' dad had an ulcer that was giving him a lot of discomfort , ' anthony says . ' he was having to use crutches and going to have the ulcer cleaned and dressed on a regular basis . ' things had got so bad that the podiatrist told dad there was a risk he might lose his leg if he carried on as he was . until then , in his mind having diabetes was just popping a few more pills in addition to ones he was already on for his high blood pressure and cholesterol . this was the wake-up call we all needed . ' he now loves to cycle , never eats take-aways and counts kale and couscous among his favourite foods . anthony and ian knew drastic action was needed . ' dad obviously had weight issues which we 'd talked about in the past , but we had busy lives so did n't really push it as far as we could have done , ' says anthony . step one was to overhaul geoff 's diet . out went the convenience foods and in came a strict two-month , 800 calorie-a-day diet under the watchful eye of professor roy taylor at newcastle university . he is conducting a study , funded by charity diabetes uk , which aims to see if a low-calorie diet can permanently reverse type 2 diabetes . step two was to encourage geoff to be more active , to improve his fitness and outlook on life . ' we wanted him to find a social life and hobby other than work and food – we 've done everything from fishing to t'ai chi , ' anthony says . ' but we knew he had to take up an achievable form of exercise that did n't put pressure on his foot , so cycling became a big part of his regime . ' he adds : ' of course there were rows , especially when he was on the low-calorie diet . he 'd enjoyed food in the past , but it was the wrong food and here we were telling him it was no good for him , and he had to cook dishes from scratch . ' it 's a fine balance taking on an almost parental role with your own dad . we had to be encouraging , but firm , without him feeling he was being bullied into anything . ' that 's where the filming proved so useful . anthony explains : ' filming the whole process meant we could show him footage from a couple of weeks before as a motivator so he could see how far he 'd come . ' in february last year , the sons took their father on a ten-day cycling trip to spain . geoff also tried out a sky-dive simulator ( he 's planning to do one for real later this year ) , and tackled rock-climbing . ' he 'd spent almost four decades doing soul-destroying night shifts , eating large amounts of processed food and doing no exercise . ' we wanted to inspire him , to show him how great life could be , ' anthony says . ' while the weight loss is fantastic , what is really amazing is his new self-confidence , his self-belief and his love of life . ' step three was transforming geoff into a diabetes champion , so he could convince others to turn their lives around . now a trimmer 14 stone , geoff has taken part in the prudential 100-mile cycle race , spoken at medical conferences throughout europe and stopped his diabetes in its tracks . at the most recent meeting with his consultant , he was told he is diabetes-free . geoff believes the doctors had been ' too nice for too long ' , and wishes they had been tougher on him . ' i 'm just so cross i lived for so long with such a bad quality of life , depressed and basically killing myself . hopefully my transformation can inspire others too . ' fixing geoff 's diabetes has brought the family closer , says anthony . ' we went to scotland over christmas and dad was out walking with the grandchildren , which would have been almost impossible two years ago . the kids love having a grandad who is active , and we 've got our old dad back . ' for more information , go to diabetes.co.uk . to watch the trailer for fixing dad , go to fixingdad.com . 