if you 're an iphone or ipad owner , your encrypted passwords , bank details and other private details may be at risk from hackers . estimates suggest around 1,000 ios apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from afnetworking . this includes uber , microsoft 's onedrive and movies by flixster and the flaw leaves any information , even if its sent over a seemingly secure https connection , potentially open to hackers . search for apps below . estimates from security researchers suggest around 1,000 ios apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from afnetworking . this includes uber , microsoft 's onedrive and movies by flixster . use the tool above to see if your favourite apps are vulnerable to the flaw . it was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers simone bovi and mauro gentile and specifically applies to version 2.5.1 of afnetworking . the flaw was active between 24 january until it was flagged up on 25 march . the day the flaw was announced , and subsequently patched , there were said to be 20,000 ios apps using the afnetworking library and that were updated or released on the app store after the flawed code was added . not all apps and developers use afnetworking , and figures suggest the source code library features on around 100,000 apps in total . the flaw was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers simone bovi and mauro gentile and specifically applies to version 2.5.1 of afnetworking . the uber app is shown left and its vulnerability report , taken from sourcedna 's online tool is shown right . the security researchers are asking readers to highlight any apps still at risk in the comments on its blog post . at the time of writing , microsoft 's onedrive ( vulnerability report is pictured ) is still at risk , as is citrix openvoice audio conferencing and alibaba.com . the flaw was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers simone bovi and mauro gentile and specifically applies to version 2.5.1 . the flaw was active between 24 january until it was flagged up in 25 march . the day the flaw was announced , and subsequently patched , there were said to be 20,000 ios apps using the afnetworking library and that were updated or released on the app store after the flawed code was added . within the 20,000 potentially vulnerable apps , security experts at sourcedna found that 55 per cent were running version 2.5.0 older . some 40 per cent were not using the section of the library that applied to secure connections , leaving 5 per cent , or around 1,000 apps , at risk . within the 20,000 potentially vulnerable apps , security experts at sourcedna found that 55 per cent were running version 2.5.0 older . some 40 per cent were not using the section of the library that applied to secure connections , leaving 5 per cent , or around 1,000 apps , at risk . sourcedna has continued to monitor these apps and created a search tool to let developers - and phone users - check to see if their apps and devices are at risk . the security researchers are asking readers to highlight any apps still at risk in the comments on its blog post . at the time of writing , microsoft 's onedrive is still at risk , as is uber , citrix openvoice audio conferencing and alibaba.com . ' it amazes us that an open-source library that introduced a security flaw for only six weeks exposed millions of users to attack , ' said sourcedna in the post . ' as apps continue to be patched and released , we 'll keep you informed as to how quickly developers are addressing this major flaw . ' we 've already seen some good uptake of the fixed 2.5.2 version in the latest versions of vulnerable apps - kudos to yahoo for quickest patch - but some are still in the app store review queue . '