everton manager roberto martinez admits he would not be able to ease striker romelu lukaku through the remainder of the season even if he wanted to . the belgium international is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend at home to burnley . considering the workload the 21-year-old has had over the last 10 months , taking in the world cup in brazil and then heading straight into a premier league and european campaign , there may have been a temptation to let their top scorer have a more restful end to the season with the toffees having nothing to play for . roberto martinez admits he would not be able to ease romelu lukaku ( pictured ) back in even if he wanted to . everton striker lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend . however , martinez believes he would have a difficult time trying to convince him to take it easy , even if he was inclined to protect his striker from more injuries before the end of the campaign . ' i think it would be near-enough impossible to keep rom away from the football pitch at this stage . it 's not in his nature , ' said the spaniard . ' someone like rom needs to be on the football pitch . he is only 21 and i do n't think there is any need for that at all . ' if i am completely honest i think he has been suffering a lot in the last seven to 10 days that he has been injured and away from the team . ' rom belongs on the pitch , working for the team and scoring goals and becoming important and i do n't think there is a strong case to rest him now . ' what we have to make sure is when he gets involved with belgium in june he gets a proper break and he can recover and regenerate and get ready for next season . ' lukaku struggled to find his form in the first half of the season after the world cup and he had only two goals to his name by mid-october . in 26 appearances up to and including january 1 he scored just seven times , but martinez believes once he regained full sharpness there was a significant change . that is backed up by his statistics since january 1 as he has scored 11 in 16 matches . martinez believes he would have a difficult time trying to convince striker lukaku to take it easy . everton manager martinez pictured at the liberty stadium where his side drew 1-1 with swansea city . ' i think there have been two clear different periods , ' added martinez . ' coming back from the world cup was a really tough moment from a physical point of view to get back to his best level . ' we worked really hard to get him back to the level and from the last week of december there was a real change for someone like him who relies on his physical capability . ' i thought he hit the best level and from that point on we have seen a completely different romelu : someone who was in control of his movements and then the power and pace was very effective . ' he has always been a clinical goalscorer and i think his level has generally been quite impressive . ' in four europa league ties in the knockout stage lukaku scored seven times , including a hat-trick against young boys in switzerland . with 18 goals in total this season he is everton 's leading scorer by some considerable margin ( steven naismith and kevin mirallas have nine apiece ) . martinez believes lukaku has shown he can shoulder the burden which comes with his £28million price tag . lukaku pictured scoring for dynamo kiev in the europa league round of 16 at goodison park previously . martinez believes lukaku has shown he can shoulder the burden which comes with his £28million price tag . martinez will try to get everton three points in their push for the top half of the table on saturday . ' what he has done in europe and what he has done as a young man , taking responsibility for the team , has been very impressive , ' he said . ' he is only 21 and it is only his second full season in an important role in a team playing a lot of minutes . ' last season he managed to play 20 full games , i expect him to play more than that this season and that will be an incredible step forward to grow and develop . ' since january we have been delighted with his performances but i must admit since the start of the season i have been delighted with his attitude as he has taken responsibility and grown so quickly . ' when you see rom play now you would never say he was 21 years old . '