rangers kept the pressure on hibernian in the race for second spot in the championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over raith rovers . hibs had secured a win over hearts in the edinburgh derby in the earlier kick-off and the light blues knew they had to respond . they bounced back from thursday 's defeat by queen of the south , with nicky clark and haris vuckic claiming a goal apiece and nicky law grabbing a double . nicky clark celebrates after putting rangers 1-0 up against raith rovers on sunday . clark in the air as he heads the ball towards goal to give the hosts the lead at ibrox . rangers manager stuart mccall applauds the home fans after the full-time whistle . the win means rangers and hibs remain level on 61 points , albeit the leith side have the better goal difference . stuart mccall had suffered his first defeat as rangers manager against queens last week . so it was no real surprise to see him make three changes for the visit of raith . goalkeeper cammy bell was back between the sticks and dean shiels and robbie crawford were also added to the side . the light blues enjoyed the best possible start to the game when they surged into the lead after just six minutes . clark found himself in plenty of space to connect with law 's corner and bullet a header home from 10 yards . law then carved out a chance of his own but his shot from just inside the box was weak and easily held by kevin cuthbert . but the goalkeeper had no chance when gers claimed their second of the day after 27 minutes . vuckic cut inside from the right before unleashing a powerful drive into the bottom corner to claim his seventh rangers goal . haris vuckic ( left ) fires the ball home to put rangers 2-0 ahead against raith rovers . vuckic ( left ) celebrates his ibrox goal with team-mate kenny miller . nicky law slots it home to get the first of his two goals for rangers on sunday afternoon . law ( right ) wheels away as he celebrates his goal for the home side . raith could have pulled a goal back moments later but a well-struck free-kick from ryan conroy on the edge of the box was blocked by bell . the visitors fired out another warning to rangers shortly after the restart . lewis vaughan tried his luck with a snap-shot that fell inches past the upright as raith tried to haul themselves back into the game . at the other end , the hosts passed up a decent chance to all but secure the three points . vuckic released crawford and he tried to tee up the shot for law but he failed to connect in front of goal and the chance was lost . however law was celebrating when he added his name to the scoresheet after 72 minutes , putting the game beyond raith . law 's first attempt crashed off the crossbar but the ball fell kindly to his feet and he had the net bulging with the rebound from eight yards . tom walsh then saw a terrific volley saved well by the goalkeeper , before law completed his double when he curled home from the edge of the box with two minutes to go . law ( left ) strikes the ball towards goal as he scores rangers ' fourth goal of the afternoon . law ( left ) is congratulated by his rangers team-mates on his sunday afternoon double . former rangers striker michael mols was among those in the directors ' box at ibrox on sunday .