us president barack obama said on saturday that diplomacy was the best option to deal with iran 's contested nuclear program , two days after the conclusion of a framework agreement with tehran . iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark agreement which would curb iran 's nuclear program and potentially lift economic sanctions . as obama gears up to sell us skeptics on the deal , he said he is convinced talks are the best way forward . scroll down for video . us president barack obama says diplomacy is the best way to deal with iran . u.s. secretary of state john kerry and staff watch a tablet in lausanne as u.s. president barack obama makes a state address on the status of the iran nuclear program . ' as president and commander in chief , i firmly believe that the diplomatic option - a comprehensive , long-term deal like this - is by far the best option , ' obama said in his weekly address . explaining that he expects a ' robust debate ' on the deal in the united states , obama said he will keep congress apprised of the `` substance of the deal . '' many of obama 's republican opponents in congress have been skeptical of a deal with iran and suggested the us may be giving too much away in its negotiations . echoing comments he made hours after the announcement of the agreement , obama highlighted the rigorous inspections to which tehran will be subject . ' if iran cheats , the world will know it . if we see something suspicious , we will inspect it , ' he said . ' so this deal is not based on trust , it’s based on unprecedented verification . ' according to outline text agreed to between tehran and the p5+1 group -- the united states , britain , china , france and russia plus germany -- iran must significantly reduce its number of centrifuges in exchange for a suspension of sanctions . the outline was a major breakthrough in a 12-year international crisis over iran 's nuclear program , but the final deal has yet to be reached . israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said yesterday this new agreement would ' threaten the very survival of the state of israel ' . iran 's arch-foe israel , widely assumed to have nuclear weapons of its own , reacted strongly against the deal , with prime minister benjamin netanyahu saying if the text becomes finalized it would threaten the survival of the state of israel . ‘ this deal would legitimize iran’s nuclear program , bolster iran’s economy and increase iran’s aggression and terror throughout the middle east and beyond , ’ the prime minister said . ‘ it would increase the risks of nuclear proliferation in the region and the risks of a horrific war . ’ other critics including saudi arabia and republicans in the us say the deal leaves scope for iran to cheat . barack obama , however , has hailed the agreement struck after tortuous negotiations in lausanne , switzerland , as a ‘ historic understanding’ . there are still many details to be thrashed out before the deal is due to be signed on june 30 , including the pace at which sanctions will be lifted and what happens if iran is found to have breached the terms .