in the past year solar power in the uk has more than doubled while in the us it has grown by 30 per cent . but many current systems fail to solve the problem of how energy is managed and used overnight when the sun sets . traditionally , energy gathered during the day is sent back to the grid , but this can prove costly if you need to buy it back - unless you have a smart battery that stores the excess energy in your home . sonnenspeicher ( pictured ) uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels . this energy can be used throughout the day , and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down . rather than selling this excess electricity back to the grid , homeowners can then use their stored supply for power . with this in mind , german firm automatic storage device ( asd ) and designer wolfram walter have created the sonnenspeicher . it uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store the energy harvested during the day by solar panels fitted to a roof . this energy is used throughout the day , and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down . rather than selling this excess electricity to the grid , and potentially having to buy it back at a later date or time , homeowners can use this stored supply to power their home until the sun rises again . sonnenspeicher features an intelligent management system that automatically controls the charging and discharging current , to make it easier to manage how much energy is being used . sonnenspeicher features an intelligent management system that automatically controls the charging and discharging current , to make it easier to manage how much energy is being used . it additionally has a sleep mode that ensures the storage system never runs low and will automatically go into standby when not in use . although it is designed to be completely independent of the national power grid , it can equally be wired up in the case of emergency . for example , whenever there is energy in the battery available , the connection to the grid is locked . when this energy runs out , the sonnenspeicher connects to the grid ' in a millisecond ' . asd sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store the energy harvested during the day by solar panels . this energy is used throughout the day , and any excess is stored for when the sun sets . rather than selling this excess electricity to the grid , and potentially having to buy it back at a later date or time , homeowners can use this stored supply to power their home until the sun rises again . sonnenspeicher features an intelligent management system that automatically controls the charging and discharging current , to make it easier to manage how much energy is being used . it additionally has a sleep mode that ensures that the storage system never runs low and will automatically go into standby when its not being used to increase efficiency . the system comes in different sizes ranging from the sonnenspeicher 300 , which is 4.8 kwh , to the sonnenspeicher 600 at 8.06 kwh up to the 1000 model which offers 13.44 kwh . prices start at €8,450 ( £6,170 ) . it additionally has a sleep mode that ensures the storage system never runs low , and will automatically go into standby when its not being used to increase efficiency . and although it is designed to be completely independent of the national power grid , it can equally be wired up in the case of emergency . for example , whenever there is energy in the battery available , the connection to the grid is locked . when this energy runs out , the sonnenspeicher connects to the grid ' in a millisecond ' . this switchover works the other way too . if a home is predominantly powered by the grid , the sonnenspeicher will still store energy and instead act like a generator during a power cut . ' we wanted to create a storage system that makes you truly independent of the national power grid , that adequately supplies all of your household appliances at all times , and that remains efficient and trouble-free for at least 20 years , so that you can have the peace of mind that your investment really is worth every penny , ' said the firm . the system comes in different sizes ranging from the sonnenspeicher 300 , which is 4.8 kwh , to the sonnenspeicher 600 at 8.06 kwh up to the 1000 model which offers 13.44 kwh . prices start at €8,450 ( £6,170 ) . the firm said an average home can save around €1,200 a year ( £876 ) , so it would still take around seven years to recoup the costs , but the system will last for 20 years .  