by annabel fenwick elliott for mailonline . a brother and sister who had n't seen each other for 16 years have been reunited after they were matched unwittingly on tinder . erik de vries , 24 , and josephine egberts , 22 , were separated back in 1999 after their parents ' messy break-up , after which their father took erik and his twin brother maarten to belgium and their mother stayed with josephine in their native netherlands , reports datingsitekiezen . despite erik and maarten 's best efforts to later track down their sister , it was only after erik moved back to the netherlands , joined tinder and swiped ' right ' on josephine 's profile that they were reunited - but the penny did n't drop straight away . scroll down for video . erik de vries , 24 , and josephine egberts , 22 , were separated back in 1999 after their parents ' messy break-up - only to be reunited 16 years later on tinder ( photo posed by models ) . tinder - a global dating app which boasts 21 million matches each day - only allows two people to message each other if both parties express an interest by swiping right on the other 's profile picture . ' the first time i swiped her profile i had absolutely no idea , ' erik told mic . ' in our first conversation i was actually flirting with her so the conversation was very superficial . ' after messaging back and forth , details began to emerge about josephine that made erik suspicious of who she might be - namely a girl from breda , where he had grown up , who had been separated from her twin brothers . initially , erik backed off over his concerns , but a few days later curiosity got the better of him so he asked josephine a series of further questions about her past . upon realising they were indeed siblings , the pair agreed to meet at a local café . ' when i saw him , it was suddenly very clear , ' josephine told datingsitekiezen . ' it was so special to see my own blood brother again after 16 years . ' erik was reunited with his long-lost sister after swiping right to her profile photo on tinder ( file photo ) . erik 's twin maarten was equally as aghast . 'it’s too crazy for words that you come into contact with each other again like this , ' he told nl times . ' but that also makes it very special . i am very happy that i can now still get to know my sister . ' the three siblings say they now plan to spend more time together , albeit in a more appropriate setting .