customs officials have seized what is being described as a ' zoo in a suitcase ' from a woman accused of smuggling 108 exotic animals in russia . in the bag , carried in the hold of the aircraft , there were 55 snakes , 35 lizards , seven turtles , six lemurs , two monkeys and even a suspected leopard cub . two baby crocodiles died on the journey from jakarta to moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified when they were found after the 6,515-mile ordeal . the menagerie came to light when customs officials at domodedovo airport electronically scanned a 27kg bag belonging to an unnamed female passenger who had flown from indonesia via qatar . cruel cargo : more than 100 exotic animals were found stuffed in this suitcase belonging to a female passenger travelling on a flight from indonesia to russia 's domodedovo airport . rare : among the animals seized was this suspected leopard cub , a species which is listed in the red book of endangered animals . if it turns out to be the case , the suspect could face up to seven years in prison . exotic : customs officials also found 55 snakes , 35 lizards , seven turtles , six lemurs and two monkeys . horrendous treatment : the menagerie came to light when customs officials at domodedovo airport electronically scanned a 27kg bag belonging to a female passenger who had flown from indonesia via qatar . spokeswoman larisa ledovskikh said : ' the animals were packed in tiny cages and plastic boxes and each snake was in small bag made of cloth . ' experts are trying to identify the ' amazingly beautiful `` kitten '' with bright green eyes and stripes ' among the trafficked animals . officials in moscow suspect it is a leopard cub , a species which is listed in the red book of endangered animals . if true , the woman - held in detention pending a decision on any charges - faces up to seven years in jail . turtles packed in a container : the suspect claimed she bought the animals for £130 in a market in indonesia . the suspect denied intending to sell the animals on the black market , claiming they were ' for future breeding ' . exotic animals are a lucrative business in russia , where private zoos are seen as de rigueur for the wealthy . ' it was a sad scene - exhausted monkeys , scared lemurs , the begging green eyes of a beautiful `` cat '' , ' wrote newspaper moskovsky komsomolets . the animal courier claimed she had bought the animals for $ 200 ( £130 ) in a market in indonesia . she denied intending to sell the animals on the black market , claiming they were ' for future breeding ' . but trading in exotic animals is seen as lucrative business in russia , where private zoos are seen as de rigueur for the wealthy . the animals were packed in tiny cages and plastic boxes and each snake was in small bag made of cloth . in need of rehabilitation : after being impounded , the hungry and exhausted creatures were handed to employees of moscow 's ' exotic park ' where they will be cared for until their future is decided . a handler from the park held the animals for the customs pictures , which will be used as evidence in the case . after being impounded , the hungry and exhausted creatures were handed to employees of moscow 's ' exotic park ' where they will be cared for until their future is decided . a handler from the park held the animals for the customs pictures , which will be used as evidence in the case against the ' animal courier ' . ' experts will check the animals and calculate the price of each one , ' said the spokeswoman . ' they will also establish if any of these animals are under protection of the international convention on rare species . '