tim sherwood has confirmed he will start shay given against liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday , a day before the irishman turns 39 . given has been selected each round of the competition , beginning under paul lambert , and sherwood said he would keep faith with his deputy goalkeeper . brad guzan , villa’s no 1 , suffered heartbreak in 2010 , when he was understudy to brad friedel but played every round of the league cup – before being left out of the final against manchester united by manager martin o’neill . shay given will start for aston villa against liverpool in sunday 's fa cup semi-final at wembley . the 38-year-old has played in all four of villa 's fa cup matches this season and has kept two clean-sheets . villa manager tim sherwood confirmed given will start on sunday , a day before the irishman turns 39 . but sherwood said there would be no such turnaround this year , with given lasting until the final if villa make it there . ‘ shay plays . absolutely , ’ said sherwood . ‘he’s done nothing wrong shay , he’s a large part of the reason we’re in this semi-final . ‘ the saves he made against leicester were fantastic and at the right time . he trains fantastically well and he’s pushing brad all the way for that no 1 spot . ’ sherwood watched his villa side in training on friday as they prepare for the weekend 's crunch clash . tom cleverley will be hoping to start at wembley as he bids to impress with his loan expiring in the summer . carlos sanchez signed for aston villa from elche during the summer and has made 31 appearences . sherwood believes villa can upset favourites liverpool . ‘it’s a very exciting game , a great opportunity for this club to get to an fa cup final , ’ he added . ‘i’ve lost semi-finals myself , not a great feeling . ‘we’re going in with a positive state of mind . this club’s relegation is not at stake on sunday it is about us maybe getting some glory for the football club . ‘ we have the mindest to win the game , impose ourselves on a very good liverpool side , that’s what we intend to do . ‘ we think we’re capable , we have a good blend of players who can play and maybe go direct at time . we’re prepared to mix it up , we have a plan and we hope we can affect liverpool . ’ fabian delph ( left ) and christian benteke ( right ) were put through their paces ahead of sunday 's semi-final . joe cole lifted the fa cup three times during a seven-year stint at premier league leaders chelsea . aston villa defeated rivals west brom 2-0 in the last round to book their semi-final appearance at wembley . 