at the start of the year the prospect of manchester united leading rivals manchester city going into april 's derby at old trafford looked extremely unlikely . but louis van gaal 's side have hit form at the right time , while the current premier league champions seem to have blown their chances of retaining their title after crushing defeats at burnley and crystal palace . since city beat united 1-0 last november , plenty of players have improved , some have faded , while both van gaal and manuel pellegrini have tinkered with their systems . here , sportsmail looks at how a composite xi of the sides might take shape , choosing the 4-2-3-1 formation both teams seem to favour . the manchester united and manchester city composite xi ahead of the derby - selected by sportsmail . louis van gaal ( l ) and manuel pellegrini 's ( r ) sides are in contrasting form going into the old trafford clash . goalkeeper - david de gea . just gets the gloves ahead of joe hart . a very close call , especially given the englishman 's form over recent weeks , but the athletic spaniard edges it . david de gea edges out joe hart for the goalkeeper slot and has been in fine form at old trafford this season . right back - pablo zabaleta . form has been patchy this term but is the best right back either club can boast . manuel pellegrini may opt for the more defensive bacary sagna , but he should not do so if only so we can see zabaleta renew acquaintances with marouane fellaini , who elbowed him in the face last season . pablo zabaleta has n't been at his best but is the best right back either club can boast at the moment . centre back - vincent kompany . like zabaleta , not had the best of seasons but remains far above anything united currently have at centre-half . should be coming into his best years but appears to be going backwards . that said , would be some dip in form to see him miss the cut . vincent kompany - pictured looking dejected after the defeat by crrytal palace - is still the no 1 choice . centre back - chris smalling . impressive in recent weeks before illness , keeping the likes of harry kane and daniel sturridge quiet . deserves his chance to rectify his derby disaster , when he was red-carded at the etihad in november . chris smalling was sent off in the last manchester derby in november and will be looking to make amends . left back - gael clichy . both clubs may strengthen at left back in the summer although united will want more from luke shaw . clichy has done well to keep out aleksandar kolarov for long periods and is a better left back than daley blind , despite the versatile dutchman 's sterling performances there recently . both united and city will be looking to strengthen at left back this summer but for now gael clichy is best fit . sport analysts bsports are predicting manchester city are likely to win the derby at old trafford . centre midfield - michael carrick . finally getting the recognition he deserves outside of old trafford . at 33 he is excelling at the back of midfield in a quarterback role and has been at the heart of united 's revival . michael carrick has been at the heart of man united 's revival - playing in a quarterback position in midfield . centre midfield - ander herrera . united 's man-of-the-moment finally appears to be on the right side of van gaal after a sluggish start . the box-to-box spaniard is evidence of the dutchman 's claims that given time to adapt to his methods , his players will succeed . ander herrera is louis van gaal 's man of the moment and seems to be flourishing in the manager 's system . attacking midfield - juan mata . march 's player of the month is another to flourish after a sluggish opening . his two goals at liverpool and understanding with ander herrera have helped united launch what looked for a long time like an unlikely assault on second place . juan mata has a fine understanding with herrera and scored this stunning goal against liverpool last month . attacking midfield - david silva . arguably city 's greatest player of all time , the nimble-footed magician drifts effortlessly into the side . has remained superb despite the slump and continues to create chances for his suddenly-wasteful team-mates . david silva has remained superb despite city 's slum and continues to create chances for his team-mates . attacking midfield - wayne rooney . the scouser who loves the manchester derby . has scored 11 times against city and has more goals than anyone else in the long history of this fixture . wayne rooney has scored more goals than anyone in the manchester derby and is in good form up front . striker - sergio aguero . another underperformer who should be doing better for city , the argentine has not scored in his last six matches . that said , few would bet against him ending that run on enemy territory . sergio aguero is another city underperformer but could end his six-game run without a goal against united . player tally . manchester united - 6 . manchester city - 5 .