vitamin and mineral supplements are becoming more and more popular as health conscious shoppers focus on good nutrition , but do we really need pills to optimise our diet ? not according to nutritionist and author sarah flower , who says that cooking with the right ingredients should give you all the goodness you need . ' the cleaner your diet - using fresh ingredients and cooking at home - the less likely you are to need to rely on supplements to boost your health . ' she told mailonline . scroll down for video . it 's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean , fresh and unprocessed foods , says sarah flower . ' the typical western diet is heavily processed and sugar ridden , ' explains sarah , ' this makes us more susceptible to vitamin and mineral deficiencies . ' and while it may seem like common sense to eat more unprocessed and raw foods , ms flower believes we are still not doing enough . ' we are living in a society where it is possible to be overweight and deficient in essential nutrients . ' she continued . ' a diet rich in oily fish , whole grains , lean protein , fruit and vegetables should provide enough nutrients , ' she said . other factors to consider include your ability to absorb the food - digestive complaints can often impede our ability to absorb nutrients . ' pregnancy , ill health and the elderly may need more support , ' she said . and menstruating women may benefit from adding oils ( evening primrose oil ) and a multivitamin rich in magnesium to help alleviate pms symptoms ( ms flowers recommends magnesium citrate ) . always opt for steaming over boiling vegetables and eat as many raw pieces as you can every day . ' fruit and vegetables not only contain vitamins but also vital phytonutrients , which have an amazing ability to protect us against degenerative diseases such as cancer , alzheimer 's and heart disease , ' ms flowers said . ' the more colourful your plate , the healthier the meal . junk food tends to be bland and beige . ' children especially need to be encouraged to try a variety of vegetables . one great incentive is to set up a reward chart for every new food they try . ' get them into the kitchen as playing with food helps them become less fussy eaters . ' the nutritionist is also a keen advocate of incorporating as much healthy fat as possibly into your diet . ' we have all been encouraged to follow a low fat diet , but we need to start embracing fats , ' she said . ' oily fish , nuts and seeds contain vital nutrients so ignore the calorie counts and give your body the healthy food it craves and needs . ' healthy fat doesn’t make you fat ; a diet rich in processed carbohydrates and sugar makes you fat . ' a high carbohydrate , sugar rich diet keeps you hungry but also stops you absorbing vital nutrients , causes depression , fatigue and energy dips . instead of taking supplements , eat 100g of dark chocolate ( left ) or six oysters ( right ) for zinc . ' eat real food and your body with thank you for it . ' the foods listed below are some of the highest per vitamin and mineral . however , how you cook and prepare the food is vital . vitamins are depleted during processing and cooking , so try to steam vegetables instead of boil , give a quick stir-fry and eat as many raw whole fruits and vegetables every day . ' vitamin a . rni ( reference nutritional intake ) : 700ug ( micrograms ) for men and 600ug for women per day . eat : one portion of liver a week will ensure adequate vitamin a . why you need it : vitamin a is a fat soluble vitamin . we can produce our own vitamin a by eating carotenoids . think orange or yellow foods such as carrots , mangoes , papayas and sweet potatoes . liver , eggs , cheese and yoghurt also contain the best sources of vitamin a . ensure you have adequate levels of zinc and iron as deficiencies in these can deplete vitamin a . calcium . rni : 700mg a day but this figure does vary depending on your personal circumstances and health . think about how to boost your everyday foods as basic switches can really boost your nutrient content . eat : 120g ( or one tin ) of sardines provides 500mg of calcium ; spring greens contain 200mg per 100g ; sesame seeds contain 160mg per tablespoons ; three dried figs contain 150mg of calcium . why you need it : calcium makes up your bones and keeps them strong . 99 per cent of the calcium in your body is stored in bones and teeth . the remaining one per cent is in your blood and soft tissues , and is essential for life and health . increase your green leafy vegetables for usable calcium . other sources include dairy , nuts , soya beans and fish . too much refined sugar and high protein diets can increase your need for calcium . vitamin b12 ( cobalamin ) . rni : 1.5ug or 2.5mcg per day . eat : 4g of yeast extract ( roughly what you would use on one slice of toast ) . a 200g to 240g salmon fillet provides 5mcg of b12 ; shellfish ; cow 's liver ; crab ; fortified tofu products ; red meat , cheese , and eggs . why you need it : b12 deficiency can cause anemia , fatigue , depression and has even been linked to dementia . vegans need to be especially careful to maintain their b12 levels . although you can get a little b12 from some vegetable sources , it is hard to digest and utilise so look at adding yeast extract and nutrition yeast flakes which give a ‘cheesy’ flavour to foods . if in doubt , use a multi vitamin or blend of b vitamins . best sources are found in liver , red meat , chicken , and oily fish . you can also find b12 in dairy products . vitamin c . rni : 40mg a day . if you take too much vitamin c ( probably through supplementation ) , you will get loose stools and stomach cramps , so that is your indication to cut back . eat : a 250g punnet of strawberries gives you 145mg of vitamin c ; one kiwi fruit gives you around 64mg of vitamin c . why you need it : vitamin c is needed to keep our immune system in tiptop condition but is also needed for collagen formation , wound healing , gum health and cardiovascular health . you need vitamin c to utilise iron so if you are anemic , ensure you have adequate amounts of both . cooking can destroy vitamin c so it is important to try to get some raw sources into your diet every day . 100g of liver ( left ) will give you 23mg of iron . spread a yeast extract such as marmite on your toast ( right ) for vitamin b12 . vitamin e . rni : 4mg per day . eat : 100g of almonds provides you will 26mg ; 100g of sunflower seeds give you 36mg ; 100g of wheat germ provides you with 30mg of vitamin e . why you need it : vitamin e is another fat soluble vitamin and as a powerful antioxidant , helps protect us from free radical damage , helps ease pmt , heals skin , reduces cholesterol and protects against cardiovascular disease . vitamin e works better alongside vitamin c and selenium . the best source of vitamin e is wheat germ , oils made from seeds ( sunflower oils , olive oil , almond oils ) and nuts and seeds . zinc . rni : men require slightly more zinc than women ; 9mg for men and 7mg for women . eat : six oysters will give you 30mg of zinc ; 100g of dark chocolate is one whole bar of green & blacks . why you need it : zinc is another great antioxidant , helping to support the immune system , aiding protein synthesis , maintaining sex health , and plays an vital role for maintaining a healthy heart . processed foods and high sugar diets can lead to a deficiency in zinc , so opt for a diet rich in lean protein , eggs , seafood’s , nuts , seeds , whole grains and some dairy . vitamin k . rni : on average you need 1mcg per kilogram of weight ; for example , someone who is 70kg would need 7mcg per day . eat : 100g of kale gives you over 800mcg of vitamin k . why you need it : vitamin k is needed for blood clotting , wound healing and bone health . the richest sources of vitamin k are found in green leafy vegetables , particularly swiss chard , kale , broccoli and spinach . you can also find sources in tomatoes , olive oil , parsley and pepper . magnesium . rni : 300mg per day . eat : 125g fillet of mackerel gives you 116mg of magnesium ; 100g of pumpkin seeds provides you with 530mg ; spinach gives you 70mg per 100g ; dark chocolate gives you 327mg per 100g . why you need it : magnesium is vital for health and most women are deficient . it works in balance with calcium , helps combat stress and eases muscle tension . there is very little magnesium is not involved in . from energy synthesis right through to the metabolism of carbohydrates . when boosting your magnesium levels , opt for whole grains , nuts and seeds , green leafy vegetables , lentils and figs . calcium makes up your bones and keeps them strong . 120g of sardines provide 500mg of calcium . iron . rni : 8.7mg per day and up to 14mg for menstruating women per day . eat : 100g of liver will give you 23mg of iron ; pumpkin seeds 15mg per 100g ; dark chocolate 17mg per 100g . why you need it : iron is needed to transport oxygen around the body and deficiency can cause anemia and fatigue . if you are increasing your iron intake , ensure you also increase your vitamin c as this is needed to utilise iron efficiently . iron is found in red meats , particularly liver , nuts , seeds , beans , whole grains , and green leafy vegetables . the good news is it is also found in dark chocolate . vitamin b6 ( also known as pyridozine ) . rni : 1.4mg per day . eat : one large banana gives you roughly 0.50mg of b6 ; one tin of tuna gives you 1.2mg of b6 ; . 100g of sunflower seeds provides you with 1.3mg of b6 ; 100g of bananas gives you 0.37mg ; 100g of black-eyed beans gives you 0.36mg of b6 . why you need it : vitamin b6 is needed for the breakdown of proteins and plays a vital role in energy production . it also works alongside iron aiding the transportation of oxygen and maintaining heart health . b6 also works well alongside magnesium and vitamin e in aiding pmt and mild depression . once again , rich sources are found in liver , whole grains , brown rice and pulses .