a tenant who claims she lost her ' sexual adventurism ' and ' libido ' after she was injured when an elevator in her building suddenly dropped three floors is suing the luxury apartment complex . marie d'argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma , whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at the princeton complex on st kilda road in melbourne dropped suddenly on october 9 , the herald sun reports . the 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a ' loss of libido ' , ' sexual discomfort and impairment ' and ' curtailment of ­sexual adventurism ' . marie d'argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma , whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at the princeton complex on st kilda road in melbourne dropped suddenly on october 9 . ms d'argent recently filed a statement of claim at the county court of victoria to seek compensation for her injuries from the building owners ' corporation and elevator service , thyssenkrupp elevator australia . she claims she entered the lift on the 11th floor on october 9 before it dropped and stopped sharply on the eighth floor . ms d'argent says the lift then jolted at each level until reaching the ground floor , which left her with spinal injuries that had impacted her professional , family and personal life . ms d'argent recently filed a statement of claim at the county court of victoria to seek compensation for her injuries from the building owners ' corporation and elevator service , thyssenkrupp elevator australia . ' it 's a matter of losing your mojo , ' she told the newspaper . ' everybody would know your back plays a big part in your sexual life . ' she claims the incident has left her unable to work full-time . the elevator company said the would fight the claims , while the building owners ' corporation would n't comment on the lawsuit . the 55-year-old publicist says the fall at the princeton apartment block also left her with a ' loss of libido ' , ' sexual discomfort and impairment ' and ' curtailment of ­sexual adventurism ' .     