gigi hadid , and seven other up-and-coming models , have channeled their inner ' beauty queens ' to pose up in some of the spring season’s hottest runway looks for a fashion and beauty spread , which appears in all 32 national and international editions of harper 's bazaar . the magazine 's global fashion director , carine roitfeld , personally chose the 19-year-old model along with jing wen , laura james , anna cleveland , ondria hardin , antonia wilson , kitty hayes , and paige reifler for the spread , which is aptly titled beauty queens : where beauty meets fashion this season . the images , which feature in the may editions of the international magazine , debuted yesterday online showcasing the unique styling skills of carine , who has a history of cultivating young models ' careers , including gigi 's . scroll down for video . close up : gigi hadid flaunts her perfect pout and a unique geometric eyeliner look in this photo , which will appear in all 32 editions of harper 's bazaar . style star : the 19-year-old model closed her eyes and arched her back she modeled this givenchy by riccardo tisci ensemble . givenchy pre fall 2015 . shop the current collection at barneys ! visit site . gigi hadid is so gorgeous that she could probably sell us on just about anything she wore . even if it were as outragerous as a yellow rubber onesie , we 're sure she 'd somehow style herself cute . and alas ! she 's done it again , although this time it 's a triple whammy . the model , who we love , is dressed in head to toe givenchy by ricardo tischi , whom we adore , in harpers bazaar , which is basically our style bible . hailing from the pre fall 2015 collection , this look has been ripped right off the runway . and as usual , gigi pulls it off with aplomb . as it 's pre-fall , it 's not yet available in stores but click right to shop givenchy 's current collection at barneys . or get your graphic print on with one of the fab maxi skirts in our edit below ! we 're head over heels for the missguided version for only $ 24 . it 's literally the perfect way to spring into summer . missguided sangeta maxi skirt . visit site . indikka graphic print maxi skirt at neiman marcus ( now $ 68 ) . visit site . karen kane palmilla print maxi skirt at zappos . visit site . billabong batik me maxi skirt at zappos . visit site . the blonde beauty can be seen donning a bold , geometric shaped eyeliner with her hair styled in '70s disco-inspired curls for the spread shot by brigitte niedermair . in one close-up image , gigi flaunts her perfect pout and voluminous hair , highlighting her bold geometric-inspired beauty look . the photo , which was shared on harper bazaar 's us instagram page yesterday , earned more than 10,000 likes and nearly 300 comments since it was posted . ' i ca n't believe how much i love this , ' one person commented . another added : ' i love her face . ' perfect profile : jing wen wore a dior turtleneck as she showed off her thick eyeliner and elaborate braid . contortionist : laura james hid her arms behind her back as she modeled this proenza schouler dress . in another photo from the shoot , gigi can be seen modeling a matching givenchy by riccardo tisci jacket , bodysuit and pant combination as she arches her back with her eyes closed . her fellow model anna is also pictured with her hair styled in the same big curls as she poses in black a giorgio armani top over a white collared shirt with a matching pair of black pants . meanwhile , kitty , laura , antonia , ondria , paige and jin sport elaborately styled , gravity-defying braids for their futuristic looks . last month , carine had 17-year-old kitty flaunt her braces on the cover of her own fashion glossy cr fashion book . ' after putting beyoncé on my cover last season , i knew there was no way to top the most famous and beautiful woman in the world , ' she told wwd . ' so i went in the opposite direction : i chose my favorite fresh faces of the season…girls who are mostly unknown but have a special quality that sets them apart , like big ears or a strange smile . ' orange is the new black : laura also donned a bright orange tom ford top as she flaunted her glowing skin . blonde babe : german fashion model anna ewers covers the may issue of america harper 's bazaar .