a flaw in robots designed to perform surgery has been found that lets them be easily hacked , according to researchers . the experts were able to take control of a so-called telerobot during surgery by exploiting a simple programming trick . this enabled them to change the speed of the arms of the robot and change their orientation , making it impossible for the machines to carry out a procedure as directed . researchers at the university of washington studied the telerobot raven ii ( shown ) . they found that robots designed for surgery could be ' easily ' hacked in to . this is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working . the research was carried out by scientists at the university of washington by toying with a product from their own university - the raven ii teleoperated robotical surgeon . teleoperation means an operator can use the robot remotely , through a control console . the first telesurgery took place in 2001 with a surgeon in new york successfully removing the gall bladder of a patient in france , more than 3,730 miles ( 6,000km ) away . the communications ran over a dedicated fiber provided by a telecommunications company . but this is an expensive option since such fibers can cost tens of thousands of dollars . since then , surgeons have carried out remote operations and begun to experiment with ordinary communications links over the web , which are significantly cheaper . although there are no recorded incidents in which the communications infrastructure has caused problems during a telesurgery operation , there are still questions over security and privacy , said the experts . source : mit technology review . in the case of raven ii , a remote operator users two long and thin arms to perform complex procedures where otherwise their hands might not be capable . while this experiment was performed in a controlled environment and not on the operating table , the researchers said it 's clear more stringent security measures are needed . raven ii runs on a single pc , and communicates with a control console using a standard communications protocol known as interoperable telesurgery protocol . but rather than take place over a secure private network , this takes place over public networks . ‘ due to the open and uncontrollable nature of communication networks , it becomes easy for malicious entities to jam , disrupt , or take over the communication between a robot and a surgeon , ’ said the researchers . in their test , the experts performed various types of cyberattack to see how easily it could be disrupted . this included changing the commands sent by an operator to the robot , modifying signals or hijacking - completely taking over - the robot . and they were also able to ‘ easily stop the robot from ever being properly reset , thus effectively making a surgical procedure impossible . ’ while this experiment was performed in a controlled environment and not on the operating table ( stock image pictured ) , the researchers said it is clear more stringent security measures are needed . during the experiment , an operator was asked to move blocks onto different pegs ( shown ) with the robot , but when the ' hackers ' took control , the task proved difficult - or impossible . the researchers note that while their test applies only to raven ii , other surgical robots that use similar teleoperation were likely also at risk . ‘ some of these attacks could have easily been prevented by using well-established and readily-available security mechanisms , including encryption and authentication , ’ the researchers note . we believe that presented concerns are not unique to teleoperated surgery , but are common to all teleoperated robots . ‘ because of the wide variety of physical and digital capabilities these systems wield , telerobotic security needs to become front-and-centre . ’ the findings are published in the paper : to make a robot secure : an experimental analysis of cyber security threats against teleoperated surgical robots on arxiv .