stephen curry scored 27 points and klay thompson had 25 as the golden state warriors held off the los angeles clippers 110-106 on tuesday for their 10th consecutive victory . david lee added 17 points for the warriors , who had lost four in a row at staples center . the clippers blew a 17-point lead and had their seven-game winning streak broken . blake griffin had 40 points and 12 rebounds , chris paul added 27 points and nine assists , and j.j. redick scored 14 . golden state warriors ' stephen curry reacts after making a three-pointer against the los angeles clippers . drake was courtside at the staples center to watch the la clippers ' home match . paul 's layup drew the clippers to 106-104 with 12 seconds left , but he was called for a backcourt violation taking an inbounds pass from deandre jordan with nine seconds left . thompson and curry combined for four straight free-throws to close out the win for the pacific division champions . elsewhere , brooklyn beat indiana to reclaim sole possession of the eighth and final play-off spot in the eastern conference with its season-high fourth straight victory . brook lopez had 24 points and 11 rebounds and joe johnson added 21 points , including five straight after the pacers got within three with about two minutes left . the nets moved back ahead of boston and dealt a blow to the pacers , who fell 1.5 games behind brooklyn for the final play-off spot . they visit the celtics on wednesday . san antonio spurs guard tony parker scored 16 points against miami heat in his 1,000th nba game . the east-leading atlanta hawks , meanwhile , stumbled on the road , losing to detroit 105-95 . andre drummond had 22 points and 13 rebounds for the pistons , who have won five of six . thabo sefolosha scored 19 points for the hawks , who have dropped two of three . in miami , tony parker scored 16 points in his 1,000th nba game and kawhi leonard had 22 to lead san antonio past the heat 95-81 . san antonio stayed no 6 in the west , and could clinch a play-off berth on wednesday in orlando . the heat remained in the no 7 spot in the eastern conference but now are two losses behind milwaukee and only a half-game up on brooklyn .