two sisters from oklahoma and nebraska missing for nearly two weeks in michigan survived on girl scout cookies while stuck in their snow-trapped suv until state police discovered them friday near lake superior in a remote part of the upper peninsula . a pilot noticed a reflection off the ford explorer and landed the police helicopter on shore , finally ending the women 's unexpected wilderness adventure . leslie roy , 52 , and lee marie wright , 56 , were examined at a hospital and released . ‘ it was sheer joy , ’ detective sgt . jeff marker told the associated press , describing their reaction to the rescue . ‘ it was almost disbelief that it was finally happening . ’ alive ! lee wright ( left ) , and leslie roy ( right ) are pictured eating and keeping warm in state police coats after they had spent two weeks stuck in their disabled suv in michigan . roy , of valley , nebraska , and wright of depew , oklahoma , got stuck about three miles from crisp point lighthouse in luce county in the upper peninsula . they had been visiting relatives in ishpeming , in another part of the peninsula , and were planning to head south april 11 . they had a reservation at a hotel in mackinaw city but never showed up . instead , they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of girl scout cookies purchased from relatives and a bag of cheese puffs , marker said . ‘ they thought the road was plowed but it was n't , ’ he said . there is no cellphone service in the area . the car eventually lost power , too . roy and wright wore layers of clothes to stay warm as overnight temperatures fell to the 20s , and they also turned snow into water . ‘ they heard crunching in the woods at night , ’ marker said . ‘ they thought it was rescuers but no one came . then they thought it was bears . ’ when the search began , police said the women had told others about possibly visiting waterfalls and casinos on their way to the lower peninsula . their ford explorer was spotted from a helicopter around 2.30pm , police said . about 25 minutes later , police officers who were called to the scene reached the car on foot . ' when we pulled up , they grabbed their purses and lee wright clutched onto her bible and both women were very happy , ' marker told mlive.com . ' it was hugs all around . ' road trip : roy ( left ) , 52 , and wright ( right ) , 56 , had been visiting relatives in ishpeming , michigan , when on april 11 their ford explorer got trapped in snow on a little-used road . life savers : the women survived by rationing eight boxes of girl scout cookies , a bag of cheese puffs and melted snow . the women were transported to helen newberry joy hospital to be checked by doctors . a photo of roy and wright showed them eating food and keeping warm in state police coats after the rescue . ‘ they 're walking . ... they 're alive and well , just a little weak from being stuck for a couple weeks , ’ said sgt . brent rosten , of the michigan state police . the women 's relatives were ecstatic to receive the good news friday . ' my mom and aunt leslie have been found , and they are alive and well , thank god ! ' wright 's daughter , stacy calvin-lowe , wrote on facebook friday . ' everyone that help us search , everyone that prayed , everyone that supported us , from the depths of my heart , thank you ! ' i am so thankful , and overwhelmed with joy , i ca n't stop crying ! i ca n't wait to see my momma , i ca n't wait to tell her i love her ! ! i am incredibly happy ! '