david templeton has delivered a damning critique of the training-ground methods deployed at rangers by ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall . the ibrox winger claimed stuart mccall had brought a brand of coaching and tactical preparation he felt was lacking under the previous management . templeton praised the impact the former motherwell boss has made since his arrival on a short-term deal last month , with back-to-back wins having revived confidence ahead of saturday 's home meeting with championship title-winners hearts . rangers winger david templeton is full of praise for the impact of new boss stuart mccall . templeton says that mccall 's training ground methods are superior to the previous management 's . ' for me , it 's a coaching thing , ' said templeton , assessing the changes under the new leadership . ' we 're being coached more and , building up to games , we 're working on different formations , which players are going to play , movements , all different stuff , like most teams probably do . ' for me , it has been great , every boy going into a game knows what they have to do , basically . ' the tempo of training , the intensity , everything has been right up and it has been really enjoyable actually , but tough . that 's what we needed . ' asked if that was not the case beforehand , templeton simply replied : ' no . ' pressed to expand , he added : ' i do n't think we were being coached the right way . we were n't going into games working on the stuff i think we should have been working on , which we are doing now and that is showing with the results . ' we should probably still have won games that we did n't . but going into games knowing what you have to do does definitely help and i think that showed in the hibs game two weeks ago . ' we changed the formation and shut out their midfield , their most creative part , and that showed with the result . they did n't create any chances - i do n't think cammy ( bell ) had a save to make . that was just through working on things during the week . ' former boss mccoist was placed on garden leave last december with assistant mcdowall becoming caretaker manager . he then stepped down when mccall and kenny black arrived . despite his unflattering assessment , templeton insisted he was not attacking the qualities of mccoist or mcdowall . ' it 's not that i think it 's better coaching , ' said templeton . ' every coach has a different style . ' the way we were going , we needed to work on things to get back to playing well and defending well . ' we were gifting too many goals and i think that was just through not working on the back four or back three , whatever we were playing . i do n't think that he ' s a bad coach or anything , just that since the manager has come in we 've worked on stuff we had to work on . ' templeton has singled out the change in formation and new-found intensity as behind the improvement . 