this is the 24-year-old mother who was allegedly shot dead by her marine veteran husband in an alabama doctor 's office after he wrote a chilling facebook post saying he was going to ' die today ' . leaj jarvis price was reportedly gunned down by eric heath price , the 25-year-old father of her six-year-old son , on monday after she ran into the surgery in jemison screaming ' call the police ' . price then returned to their nearby home and staged a standoff with around 40 police officers for several hours , authorities said . when police fired tear gas into the house , he came outside . he was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head . his condition remains unknown . he has since been charged with the murder of mrs price , who was a nursing student . scroll down for video . shot dead : leaj jarvis price ( right ) , a nursing student , was allegedly shot dead by her marine veteran husband , eric heath price ( pictured , left , kissing mrs price ) in an alabama doctor 's office on monday . tragic : mrs price ( pictured with the couple 's six-year-old son ) was reportedly gunned down by her spouse , 25 , after she ran into the office in jemison screaming ' call the police ' . price then had a stand-off with police . on the day of the shooting , price apparently posted on his facebook page : ' i 'm sorry everyone , its been real , good bye and i love you all ' and ' i dei [ sic ] today . ' the page was taken down shortly after . mrs price , who lived next door to the doctor 's office with her family , is believed to have got into an argument with her husband , before running to the center , run by dr jay patel , in a bid to get help . court records show that the couple had been in a long-running custody battle over their son , who was at school at the time of the shooting and features in many of mrs price 's facebook photos . when mrs price arrived at the doctor 's office , she screamed for help . six or seven doctors rushed out to help , but when the suspect got inside , he allegedly pulled the gun and shot her in the head . speaking to reporters on monday , jemison police chief shane fulmer said : ' there never was an active shooter , no hostages . the individual was shot inside the doctor 's office . ' he added : ' the first thing [ mrs price ] said when she came in was , `` call the police '' . ' charged : price ( left ) was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head following the standoff . he has since been charged with the murder of mrs price ( pictured , right , in a facebook photo ) . chilling post : after the shooting , price ( believed to be be pictured being taken to hospital ) apparently posted on his facebook page : ' i 'm sorry everyone , its been real , good bye and i love you all ' and ' i dei [ sic ] today ' . after shooting his wife , price then returned to the home and staged the lengthy standoff . at the scene , there was a series of loud pops near the house . within moments an ambulance pulled up . emergency workers could be seen loading a person into the back of the ambulance . the ambulance then left with its siren on . police , however , confirmed that no shots were fired . price remains in hospital under police guard . the house , meanwhile , has been cordoned off . a relative of the gunman confirmed to al.com that price was ex-military but insisted he did not have a history of violence . however , price had experienced ' issues ' in the past , the relative said . ' i do n't know that there were any diagnosed issues or anything like that , ' they said . a relative of the gunman confirmed price was ex-military but insisted he did not have a history of violence . left , mrs price with her son several years ago , and right , a police officer points a weapon at a nearby home . the pair are believed to have gotten into an argument at this house before the victim ran into the doctor 's office , asking those inside to call the police . james russell curl , who manages a mcdonald 's restaurant 200 yards from the doctor 's office , said he had heard a gunshot and police began arriving within moments . ' it 's a little scary , ' curl said . meanwhile , jose arreola , the owner of chico 's tire shop , situated across the street from the doctor 's office , described seeing mrs price frantically trying to open the front door of the clinic . ' the guy was trying to get her , '' he told al.com . ' the doctors came out to help her but he pulled a gun and shot her . ' he added sadly : ' she was laying there a long time . ' price will be taken to chilton county jail following his release from hospital . an investigation is ongoing . kristie brasher , right , cries next to a friend in the aftermath of the shooting . the shooter is believed to be in custody and the district attorney 's office is preparing to file murder charges . 