a two-year-old girl was savaged by a jack russell as she played in a children 's park before the dog 's owner ran away . libby jane wilson was enjoying a day out with her father alex knight at the yarrow valley country park in chorley , lancashire on sunday afternoon when she was pounced on by the pet , which bit her face . the toddler had been playing in a tunnel when the jack russell - which was not on a lead despite signs saying pets should be under control- attacked her and left her with two puncture marks on her face , narrowly missing her eye . two-year-old libby jane wilson , who was enjoying a day out at a play park when she was savaged by a jack russell , leaving her with puncture marks on her face . her father , mr knight who works as a floor layer , heard his daughter screaming and kicked the dog away from her before the owner called the dog back and fled the scene . libby 's mother christie wilson , 21 , said : ' libby was playing in the tunnel and her dad was on top waiting for her to come out when the dog ran over and attacked her . ' alex heard libby screaming and went into the tunnel and kicked the dog away from her . he called me straight away , he is distraught . ' the dog wasn’t on a lead and alex said he shouted ‘bud’ and called the dog back , then he just ran off . libby jane with her mother christie wilson . miss wilson says that the dog 's owner did n't check if her daughter was hurt and fled with his pet . toddler libby jane had been climbing through a tunnel at the yarrow valley country park in chorley when the dog entered and attacked her . ' she has been very , very lucky - it could have been a lot worse and the doctors have said she will have scars , but that as she grows they will fade . ' libby is a real tough cookie , it has affected me and her dad a lot more than her . i think because she is so young she doesn’t really understand what has happened . ' terrified mr knight took his daughter home to miss wilson who rushed her to chorley and south ribble general hospital . the brave youngster was given a course of antibiotics and sent home with the puncture wounds , one above her lip and one under her eye , left open to heal . the attack happened at the yarrow valley country park in chorley , lancashire while libby jane was with her father alex knight . miss wilson , who runs her own hair extension business , said : ' the owner didn’t even come over to check if libby was okay , he just ran off . ' he must have seen or heard what happened , she was screaming . it is shocking - i just want him to come forward . ' if the owner had apologised or checked on libby it would be a whole different ball game but he is obviously not bothered , and more concerned about his dog . ' libby was traumatised , but she is okay now . she woke up last night shouting `` dogs , dogs '' so i think maybe she was having flashbacks about what happened . ' a spokesperson for lancashire police said : ' an officer has been out and spoken to the family to get more details and will be doing some follow up in the area . inquiries are ongoing . ' 