kris jenner looked downcast and emotional as she drove herself to a beverly hills gym on monday as she continues to deal with the fall-out from ex-husband bruce jenner 's tv tell-all . the olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on friday that ' to all intents and purposes i am a woman ' and said his third wife kris , like his previous two wives , knew about his desire to be female . diane sawyer said during the abc 20/20 special that kris had declined to comment on her husband 's gender transition even though previous two wives issued messages of support that were read out on the program . on monday , close family friend kathie lee gifford said on nbc 's today that kris did n't know bruce 's secret and she 's still ' trying to get her act together ' when it comes to dealing with the news . scroll down for video . glum : kris jenner looked drawn and downcast as she took a trip to the gym in beverly hills on monday morning . emotional : the 59-year-old appeared to bite her lip as if holding back tears . lost in thought : it 's the first time that bruce jenner 's third ex-wife has been seen in public since his stunning tv revelations friday night that he 's always felt female and he now plans to live as a woman . shocked : kathie lee gifford said on today on monday that she had n't seen bruce 's bombshell news coming and neither had her close friend kris , saying that the momager was struggling to cope with the revelations . ' the other ladies , both fine women , had a long time to get used to this . this was new to kris , ' kathie lee told today co-host hoda kotb . she said kris , who was married to bruce for 22 years , is ' trying to be a good friend to him - or her -now . ' ' trying to still be a great parent , and it 's complicated in ways that we can not even comprehend . ' the tv personality is a godmother to bruce and kris ' daughters kendall , 19 , and kylie , 17 , and has known the ex couple for years . but her version of events is clearly at odds with what bruce himself had to say to diane sawyer , including the claim that had kris been accepting of his situation , they would ' probably still be together . ' he told sawyer that kris had seen him cross-dressing and knew that he had developed 36b breasts because he could no longer hide them from her . he maintained that he and kris had ' a great sex life ' and that she was relatively low-key when she discovered his secret . ' she did n't say much , ' the former decathlete said . ' it was tough on her , he added . ' kris is a good woman . i 've got no complaints with her . she 's a good person . ' defensive : kathie lee , who 's a godmother to kendall and kylie jenner , defended her friend , insisting she did n't know about bruce 's secret and his inner conflict about his gender identity , despite bruce 's claims that she did . solo : the kardashian matriarch was out and about by herself on monday . tough weekend : kris came under fire after diane sawyer said she had declined to comment about her ex-husband for the abc 20/20 special . kris claimed she 'd never been approached for a comment , a claim denied by abc . still close : kathie lee told her today co-host hoda kotb she had had a conversation with the olympic gold medalist before his tell-all interview was broadcast and is still trying to process how to deal with his transition . kathie lee , who 's been married to sports commentator frank gifford since 1986 , said on today she was shocked by the news that bruce identifies as female . ' i never saw this coming , i 've got to tell you , ' she said . ' it would have shocked me as much if frank had told me [ the same thing . ] ' but she insists that she is supportive of the former star athlete and reality tv star . ' how do you deal with that [ the news ] ? the way you do , ultimately , is when you put love first , and try to put yourself in someone else 's high heels i suppose , ' she said . she also revealed that she had a long frank conversation with bruce before his tv interview aired so she was prepared for what he said and also how to deal with the situation moving forward . ' we all want to love him through this and we all know there are children who are going to have to learn to deal with this , ' she said . ' the story is n't over obviously . the transition goes on . ' spent time together : kathie lee appeared on the reality series keeping up with kardashians . the close friend of both bruce and kris is seen here with the couple in an episode of the e ! show that aired in november 2013 . supportive : the today show co-host is seen here with hoda and kris on air in 2012 . kris herself hit back at abc during friday night 's broadcast claiming that the network had not approached her for a comment to include in the 20/20 special . gossip writer perez hilton tweeted : ' kris jenner has no comment for abc news and the # brucejenner interview . his other two ex-wives give supportive statements . ' kris tweeted back : 'f*** you perez no one asked me to comment ... .and i 'm sitting with bruce now watching this show so let 's keep it real ... lol ... . ' she later posted a more measured response on twitter calling her ex-husband ' a hero . ' meanwhile abc insiders claimed the kuwtk star was lying about not being contacted by the producers working ont he program . a spokesperson for the network told dailymail.com : ' abc news sent an email to her publicity team more than once . they called and said no comment . ' meanwhile , bruce 's eldest son burt jenner tweeted what might be construed as a dig at his dad 's third wife and some others on saturday . ' having a hard time not putting a few people on blast who were not supporters before hand , but want to act like they were all along , ' burt , 36 , posted on his twitter account , according to usweekly . he later deleted the tweet . scroll down for video . pointing the finger ? burt jenner , bruce 's eldest son , seemed to criticize some who he feels are being two-faced about his dad 's gender transition in a twitter post on saturday , that he later deleted . what 's the truth : kris , seen here thursday night in la before her ex-husband 's tv tell-all , watched the show with bruce and blew up on social media when diane sawyer said she had declined to comment for the program . balmain crochet-knit mini dress . get it at net-a-porter . visit site . it is n't hard to see that where the kardashian and jenner girls got their sense of style from . we know that momgaer kris jenner can keep step with her stylish daughters , but at last night 's family outing in la she could almost have passed for one of the sisters . not many fifty-somethings could pull off a pair of thigh high boots ! incidentally the very same givenchy boots that kim kardashian owns as well . been raiding her wardrobe while she 's away in new york , have we kris ? but enough about the boots ! we love the black and nude aztec-inspired print on her mini dress , which is very similar to the blazer kylie wore that evening . both pieces are by balmain , the family 's favourite designer label and if you want to get a bit of the brand in your wardrobe then click ( right ) to copy kris . the stretchy knit of this number means there 's no need to shy away from the bodycon fit but be prepared to spend $ 2680 ! back to reality , if your budget is n't quite as big as kris ' then check out our edit below . house of fraser and asos have got some really good lookalikes , or get a bargain at boohoo . blend she netz dress at house of fraser . visit site . selected knitted bodycon dress in jacquard at asos ( now reduced to £40.50 ) visit site . givenchy thigh high boots at farfetch . visit site . reiss aztec bodycon dress . visit site . boohoo marble print mini dress ( now reduced to $ 14 ) . visit site . under pressure : the mom-of-six and reality show producer lashed out on twitter during friday 's broadcast . abc stood by its assertion that she had been contacted for comment and chose not to . meanwhile , kim kardashian appeared on today in an interview with matt lauer that aired monday and acknowledged that the whole family is finding bruce 's gender transition ' a hard situation . ' but she insisted in the exclusive sit-down that they 're determined to be supportive and are exploring how they can best be there for him as they themselves continue to come to terms with everything . ' i 'm really happy for him that he is living his life the way he wants to live it , ' kim said . ' and that he has found inner peace and just pure happiness . that 's what life is about . '' out front : kim kardashian led the charge on monday in support of her former step-dad and said while the family finds the situation hard , they are supportive of bruce and happy for him as he transitions to a new way of life .