kicked out : elizabeth sedway , 51 , says alaska airlines had her ejected from a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor 's note clearing her to fly . a married mother of two battling cancer whose removal from an alaska airlines flight caused outrage online said on wednesday that the carrier refunded her family 's airfare , which will be donated to research . elizabeth sedway , 51 , from granite hill , california , posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . mrs sedway , who suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - detailed her ordeal in a status update accompanying the short video , which has been viewed thousands of times . in the message , the mother of two explained that she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at lihue airport on kauai when an alaska airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything . mrs sedway initially said she was fine , but when the airline employee approached her a second time , she indicated that she might require a little extra time to board the plane because she sometimes felt ' weak . ' homeward bound : the married mother of three , her husband ( right ) and their two sons were returning home to california monday after vacationing in hawaii when they were kicked off the flight . caught on camera : sedway posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . in sedway 's video , her husband is seen removing their carry-on luggage and helping their sons out of their seats . brought to tears : as the family of four walk towards the exit , elizabeth sedway breaks down and tearfully apologizes for holding everyone up . the sedway family eventually boarded the plane and were awaiting takeoff in their seats when an airline representative came on board and announced that the cancer-stricken passenger could not fly without a note from her doctor . in sedway 's video , her husband dressed in a brightly colored hawaiian shirt is seen removing their carry-on luggage and helping their sons out of their seats while his wife narrates their removal from the flight . ' all these people are waiting , and i am being removed as if i 'm a criminal or contagious because i have cancer , ' she says . ' my family is being forcibly removed from an airplane because i have cancer and no note to fly . ' as the family of four walk towards the exit , elizabeth sedway breaks down and tearfully apologizes for holding everyone up . one of the passengers tells the woman , ' god bless you . ' in an interview with nbc bay area , elizabeth sedway said the airline was concerned she might collapse during the eight-hour flight to san jose , california . after being asked to leave the plane , mrs sedway emailed her oncologist in california and he gave her the green light to fly , but she told the local nbc affiliate in a phone interview that the airline was not satisfied and refused to let her re-board . the sedways spent monday night in a hotel in maui , for which they were forced to pay out of pocket , and they were scheduled to return home on a hawaiian airlines flight tuesday evening . elizabeth sedway lamented on her facebook page that because of the delay caused by alaska airlines , she will miss two chemotherapy sessions , her husband will miss important meetings and her sons will miss school . named and shamed : sedway shared this photo of alaska airline staff at lihue airport on her facebook page , identifying them as the employees whom she had to deal with during the incident . damage control : alaska airlines later apologized to the family for mishandling the situation . earlier tuesday , a spokesperson for alaska airlines told cbs san francisco that the company apologized to elizabeth sedway for the inconvenience and for the way its employees handled the situation . ‘ her family 's tickets have been refunded and we will cover the cost of her family 's overnight accommodations in lihue , ' alaska spokeswoman halley knigge stated . ' while our employee had the customer’s well-being in mind , the situation could have been handled differently . ' alaska airlines apologized for the incident but said the employee had sedway 's health in mind . ' we regret the inconvenience ms. sedway experienced monday , ' knigge said in an emailed statement on wednesday . sedway posted on her facebook page on wednesday that the ' silver lining ' of her family 's experience would be that the value of their airline tickets would go to study the blood cancer multiple myeloma , for which she is being treated . she wrote ' our family talked during the flight home from hawaii , and decided how we wanted this situation to conclude . as with most unpleasant times , there are silver linings , if we 're determined to find them . here , we plan to donate the airfare , to be refunded by alaska airlines , to the multiple myeloma research foundation – mmrf . in the future , we hope this airline will look at events of this kind with increased wisdom and sensitivity . '