a small piece of glass was discovered in a beech nut-nutrition baby food jar by a consumer- and now , the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product . the united states department of agriculture 's food safety and inspection service ( fsis ) revealed the recall on tuesday . the type of baby food being recalled is ' stage 2 beech-nut classics sweet potato & chicken , ' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars , the federal agency said in a news release . recall : beech-nut nutrition says jars part of the recall have the numbers '12395750815 ' to '12395750821 , ' with december 2016 expiration dates . stores across the country were shipped the jars now being recalled , according to fsis . the agency said ' the company has received a report of an oral injury associated with consumption of these products . fsis has received no additional reports of injury or illness from consumption of these products . ' jars with the product numbers '12395750815 ' and ending at '12395750821 ' are being recalled , all of which have the establishment number 'p-68a . ' the baby food jars fall under a class i recall , which the fsis describes as ' a health hazard situation where there is a reasonable probability that the use of the product will cause serious , adverse health consequences or death . ' beech-nut nutrition said in a statement ' we have initiated a voluntary recall for our classics stage 2 sweet potato & chicken following a single report of a small glass piece found in a jar of the product . ' customers can be refunded or receive an exchange by returning the jars to their place of purchase , the company said . ' the quality and safety of our products is our number one priority , ' beech-nut nutrition said . ' we know we have not met the expectations of parents who rely on beech-nut for quality nutrition for their babies and toddlers in this case , and for that we apologize . ' for questions regarding the recall , you can reach the beech-nut nutrition consumer hotline by dialing 866-674-4446 . scare : a small piece of glass was discovered in a beech nut-nutrition baby food jar by a consumer , the food safety and inspection service said ( file photo ) .