napoli coach rafa benitez on wednesday quashed speculation that he is to return to the premier league to take charge manchester city . the former liverpool and chelsea manager has yet to sign a contract extension with napoli , with his current deal ending this summer . it has been rumoured benitez could replace manuel pellegrini at the helm of city at the end of the campaign . napoli boss rafael benitez has dismissed reports linking him to the manchester city job . the spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season and has yet to agree an extension with napoli . however , benitez said to the italian press : ' i have not had contacts with city , unlike what i 've read in england . ' i have spoken to the ( napoli ) president via messages but we have not been able to meet due to our busy playing schedule in order to evaluate the business plan . ' now our focus is on matters on the pitch . ' benitez joined napoli in the summer of 2013 and led the naples outfit to the coppa italia and third place in serie a in his first season in charge . napoli are fourth in the league this term and are firmly on course to reach the semi-finals of the europa league . dnipro vs club brugge ( agg 0-0 ) fiorentina vs dynamo kiev ( agg 1-1 ) napoli vs wolfsburg ( agg 4-1 ) zenit vs sevilla ( agg 1-2 ) the italians host bundesliga side wolfsburg in thursday 's quarter-final return leg holding a 4-1 advantage from last week 's opening leg in germany . ' we can fight until the end for all of our aims , ' benitez said . ' we can still qualify for the champions league , whether it is by winning the europa league or by finishing in the top three of serie a . ' we all know how crucial qualification for the champions league would be in terms of future investments . ' wolfsburg 's daniel caligiuri tackles napoli 's christian maggio ( right ) during the europa league quarter-final . napoli 's marek hamsik celebrates scoring his side 's second goal during the 4-1 win over wolfsburg . napoli 's manolo gabbiadini ( right ) scores his side 's fourth goal in the 4-1 win over wolfsburg . wolfsburg's caligiuri ( left ) dribbles with the ball ahead of napoli 's maggio ( right ) during the europa league tie . benitez ( right ) celebrates with striker gonzalo higuain ( left ) after their victory over wolfsburg . 