johnny manziel was spotted for the first time since being released from rehab . the footballer checked into a facility on january 28 after stating that he wanted to ' be a better family member , friend and teammate , ' and tuesday night the cleveland browns quarterback was seen enjoying a texas rangers game with girlfriend colleen crowley . he also stayed away from the booze , sipping water throughout the game . this as offseason workouts with the team will begin next monday , april 20 . scroll down for videos . johnny manziel was spotted at a texas rangers game tuesday night days after leaving rehab . he was joined by his girlfriend colleen crowley and sipped water throughout the night . manziel ( above ) has been released from rehab after entering a facility on january 28 . this after manziel 's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last july , with some worried his drinking was a priority . according to espn , manziel was ' doing great ' in rehab , and had the full support of his team . now comes the real test however , as he will be forced to compete with josh mccown for the starting quarterback position , who just signed a $ 14 million contract with the team that covers the next three seasons . this after a rookie season in which he saw limited game time and suffered difficult losses in his only two starts , manziel was no doubt hoping to step out of the spotlight following the end of the cleveland browns season last december , but talk soon turned to whether or not the accomplished footballer might have a problem . especially after one incident last year when , after partying until well past midnight , manziel , who is suffering from an injured hamstring , skipped out on a saturday morning team treatment session because he overslept , and in turn was fined by the browns . manziel was quick to apologize to the team for his behavior , saying ; 'it’s about being accountable . . . instead of looking like a jackass . ' and while his season may have been over at that time , many believed manziel would still tone things down for a bit in the wake of that controversy , which made it all the more shocking when he was spotted partying at fdr lounge at the delano in miami on over the new year holiday , alongside the likes of lebron james and ryan phillippe , and then seen chugging champagne straight from the bottle while sitting poolside with girlfriend colleen crowley and some buddies poolside at the delano . at this point , some in the sports world , chief among them columnist skip bayless , began to suggest that the heisman trophy winner needed to get help for his drinking . the aqthlete was in treatment for roughly six weeks before being released . appearing on espn’s first take , bayless , a noted supporter of manziel , did not mince words as he made it very clear that in his opinion the former college star needed to deal with his drinking . ' my concern , i repeatedly said , was if johnny continues to demonstrate that he has a problem with alcohol , and a problem with alcohol leading to partying and all that that entails , then i’m going to be out , ' said bayless . ' in talking to people in and around the cleveland browns , i believe johnny manziel continues to have a problem with alcohol . and i believe ... that it is time for johnny to get some help . he continues to lie to his executives , to his coaches , to his teammates , to the media , and most of all , he continues to lie to himself . ' he then said he would label manziel an ' alcoholic . ' manziel was known for his partying while at texas a & m , but said he was a changed man during the 2014 nfl draft , noting that he had ' grown up , ' before being selected 22nd overall by cleveland . just days into his training with the browns however , the local press began calling him out on his partying , which they cited as the major reason for his poor performance on the field . a source told cleveland.com at the time ; ' team officials had bought into manziel 's pre-draft promises to tone down the partying and leave his frat-boy lifestyle back in college station , texas , and they 've been stunned by his non-stop antics . ' a photo snapped of manziel before the start of the season and later posted to instagram showed the footballer at a bar in the process of tightly rolling up a dollar bill while standing over a sink counter . manziel while the 2013 heisman trophy as the quarterback of the texas a & m university aggies . also causing some alarm before the season even began was a photo snapped of manziel and later posted to instagram that showed the footballer at a bar in the process of tightly rolling up a dollar bill while standing over a sink counter , leading some to suggest that he might have been snorting cocaine . browns head coach mike pettine spoke to manziel soon after the problematic photo was posted , a photo that could have led to an inquiry or a drug test from the nfl , and said he felt that things were back on track and that manziel was focused on football once again . there was also an odd incident during the regular season when he got into a fight with a fan in the lobby of his apartment building , and while alcohol seems to have played a role in the incident , it was the fan who was inebriated , not manziel . it should be noted that a very thorough and detailed story published by espn in 2013 said that after his arrest for disorderly conduct back in 2012 and while still at college , manziel did seek help for an alcohol problem , seeing an counselor for six or seven weeks . manziel would later claim this report was false , and that he had never seen a counselor for anger management or for alcohol abuse while in college . manziel is now set to begin offseason workouts with the cleveland browns on april 20 . as for his future with the browns , that is a little unclear . some , including espn 's pat mcmanamon , have called on the browns to fire manziel after he overslept for his treatment last year , saying he and fellow player josh gordon have a ' complete lack of professionalism . ' gordon was also out with manziel and showed up late for the team walk-through , an offense that carried a far stiffer punishment for the starter as he was forced to sit out the final game of the season . currently , manziel has a four year contract with the browns worth about $ 8.25 million . the 22-year-old also has some of the most coveted , and lucrative , endorsement deals in the sports world with , among others , nike , mcdonald 's , musclepharm , and snickers . for now though , manziel seems to be committed to laying low and focusing on the football . ' when [ manziel ] is back , it will be full speed ahead for him , said pettine . ' i think he 's very anxious at this point . we 'll be prepared as we will with every other player . when they get back to town , we 're going to coach the heck out of them . '