she was catapulted into the limelight thanks to her relationship with prince harry . but now , as her acting career looks set to take off , cressida bonas says she is more than happy being single . ‘i’m a strong , independent woman , ’ she says in a new interview to promote her role as mulberry’s new muse . scroll down for videos . cressida bonas , 26 , ( pictured ) says she is more than happy being single following her split from prince harry . mulberry buttercup dress delphinium broderie anglaise . shop it in blue here . buy now . to the golden globes party last year , cressida rocked this black mulberry dress , just days after she worked the exact same pick in white at the baftas . while the dresses were n't so suitable for the red-carpet dos mid-winter , we are loving them for the upcoming spring season teamed with gladiator flats or wedged sandals come night time . and it 's no wonder cressida was wearing so much mulberry after being named the new face of the brand . sadly the black number is n't available to buy , but if you click right , you can bag the dress in blue or white on mulberry 's website ( if they have your size left ) . if you 're out of luck and you 're more of a little black dress lady like cressida , see our fab halterneck options below to step into spring for a snip of the price . a.b.s . by allen schwartz black cutout halter dress ( now on sale for $ 99.99 ! ) at bluefly . buy now . michael michael kors metal neck halter dress at zappos . buy now . diane von furstenberg amelia lace halter dress ( now on sale for $ 199.20 ! ) at saks fifth avenue . buy now . isa arfen guipure long halter dress at moda operandi . buy now . it is thought the pressures of becoming part of the royal family put a strain on miss bonas 's relationship with prince harry ( above ) . she has long dreamed of becoming an actress and wanted to pursue her career freely . ‘ i think as you get older , you find out more and more about yourself and what you like and what you don’t like , ’ she adds . the interview follows the release of a short film last month for the fashion house . it features miss bonas , 26 , dancing round an old court house and english country garden in a £1,800 dress . asked if it was ‘nice’ being single , she replied : ‘ it is actually , it is , it is’ . miss bonas dated prince harry for two years until last april when they broke up , reportedly over a disagreement about the costs of attending harry’s friend guy pelly’s wedding in america . since then , miss bonas , a trained dancer , has been focusing on her acting and modelling career . she has just finished playing cecily in the importance of being ernest at the london oratory , the catholic comprehensive which counts nick clegg’s son as a pupil . in an interview to promote her role as mulberry’s new muse , trained dancer miss bonas - who also appeared on the front cover of miss vogue magazine for the april edition - said : ‘i’m a strong , independent woman ' . mulberry has released a short film featuring miss bonas , 26 , dancing round an old court house and english country garden in a £1,800 dress ( pictured ) . miss bonas dated prince harry for two years until last april . the three-night production was put on by band of others , a london-based theatre group which is raising funds for the action on addiction charity , of which harry’s sister-in-law , the duchess of cambridge , is patron . indeed , prince harry even attended the opening night of his former girlfriend’s play , and was heard laughing loudly throughout . last month , she also appeared on the front cover of miss vogue magazine , and later this year will make her film debut in harvey weinstein’s tulip fever , also starring dame judi dench . ‘ i hope the focus is becoming more about skills that i have , ’ she said in the interview with the sunday time’s style magazine . ‘it’s really important to me not just to be known as…’ she added , drifting off without finishing the sentence , presumably referring to being known as prince harry’s ex . she refused to discuss her relationship with the prince , only to comment on the media attention their romance prompted . ‘ all that stuff is not real , ’ she says . ‘it’s really important to remember that all it is is noise , noise that can be very loud at times . ’ miss bonas is set to make her film debut in harvey weinstein’s tulip fever , also starring dame judi dench . she has just finished playing cecily in the importance of being ernest at the london oratory , the catholic comprehensive which counts nick clegg’s son as a pupil . pictured : miss bonas in mulberry 's short video . she said she survived the attention , and speculation about their impending engagement , by being a homebody . ‘i’m not really one of those people who’s always out . i like being at home . i suppose that helps . i’ll go out with my friends or if there’s something really amazing i have been invited to , but i won’t do that all the time because that is not who i am . ’ ‘ but if i ever feel like “ oh , my life” or get upset by silly things like a photographer , or if someone has written something nasty that upsets me , i just think “ worse things happen at sea” , ’ she added , quoting her mother , lady mary-gaye curzon’s , favourite saying . lady mary-gaye , the daughter of the 6th earl howe , has been married four times and has five children . the blonde , 1960s socialite once posed for a coffee table book half naked and smothered in engine oil and even had a cocktail named after her at claridge’s . ' i hope the focus is becoming more about the skills i have , ' said miss bonas , 26 , of the shift she hopes will now happen in terms of how the media and members of the public see her now that she is pursuing an acting career . miss bonas pictured with her former partner prince harry in march last year just a month before they split up . miss bonas is lady mary’s only child with from her third marriage to jeffrey bonas , an old harrovian entrepreneur . speaking about her family , miss bonas said she was a ‘lion’ . ‘ it really , really annoys me when people attack my mum , because all of it’s all false . all of it , ’ she said . ‘ with all of her children , whenever we have a problem or a drama , she’s always there , as a mother but also as a friend who gives really wise advice . ‘ about my family , i’m a lion . i am not tough but i am strong . i am definitely not a wallflower . ’