the catholic church has been accused of blocking the appointment of the first ever homosexual ambassador to vatican city . laurent stefanini , 55 , was in january asked by french president francois hollande to represent their country at the holy see . but the controversial appointment was met ' with a stony silence ' , according to the french media . the appointment was met ' with a stony silence ' by the vatican ( pictured ) , according to french media . le monde newspaper reported that mr stefanini was a practising catholic but his proposed move from head of protocol at the elysee had ' not received the agreement of the vatican 's administration ' . it added : ' the homosexuality of the appointee would have triggered a barrage against him . ' this is despite the fact that mr stefanini worked as number two to the french ambassador at the vatican , the smallest country in europe , between 2001 and 2005 . le monde writes ironically that mr stefanini counted without the ' charitable souls in paris and rome who wanted to turn his sexual orientation into a disability ' and ' mobilised to derail his nomination ' . laurent stefanini , 55 , was in january asked by french president francois hollande ( pictured ) to represent their country at the holy see . in july 2013 , pope francis seemed to speak out against centuries of anti-gay teaching by the catholic church , saying homosexuals should not be marginalised . speaking on a flight back from brazil to italy , he reaffirmed the official position that homosexual acts were sinful , but homosexual orientation was not . ' if a person is gay and seeks god and has good will , who am i to judge ? ' said the pope . the vatican has not yet commented on the mr stefanini 's case , but sources close to president hollande confirmed that other candidates were now being looked at for the prestigious job . vatican city , home of the holy see and headquarters of the global catholic church , covers 110 acres and has a population of 842 . france 's council of ministers approved mr stefanini 's appointment on january 5th , but the position remains vacant . the archbishop of paris , cardinal andre vingt-trois sent a letter to pope francis to support the french government 's choice of ambassador . however , some members of the roman curia believed mr stefanini 's appointment was a provocation by the french government . gay marriage was legalised in france under the presidency of mr hollande , who is a father of four who has never wed , despite having numerous girlfriends . in july 2013 , pope francis seemed to speak out against centuries of anti-gay teaching by the catholic church . 