manhattan 's fifth avenue was a sea of bizarre hats today as people celebrating easter took to the streets in outlandish headgear . whether they had just emerged from mass , or were only there to bare their bonnets , the quintessential big apple thoroughfare thronged with color on sunday afternoon . bunny ears , eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of new yorkers as they milled around in a loose gaggle centered on st patrick 's cathedral . mad hatters : these parader-goers , pictured in front of st patrick 's cathedral on manhattan 's fifth avenue , were among the more conservative hat-wearers in the annual easter parade . flower power : one of these floral bonnets , pictured next to the rockefeller plaza , spouted bubbles into the sunny new york sky . classic : some churchgoers wore more somber and refined clothing to the mass service at the catholic cathedral . feathery : this elaborate piece of headgear was sported by doris watlington at the fifth avenue parade on sunday . one woman wore a large ship with blue sails on her head , while another sported an elaborate diorama based on the policies of mayor bill de blasio . as well as christians emerging from the service , led by cardinal timothy dolan , jews , hindus , agnostics and atheists joined the masses for a walk on the mild , sunny day . roses , industrial-style black goggles , as well as moving rabbit puppets also featured in the display , which did n't just involve humans . mary ann smith , a local hatmaker who wore the ship-shaped hat , said : ' it 's all about versatility ' . explaining the design , she said : ' it 's about sailing to new heights , ' said smith . she also created headpieces for two friends , one topped with a massive butterfly and another with a tropical umbrella dripping with felt balls and anchored to a bird 's nest . just feet from the parade , the trio was tending to last-minute finishing touches , adding bobby pins to make sure the contraptions did n't topple . kirsten lee sergeant , who wore the butterfly , said : ' it 's easter and i did n't want to be too garish . but then again , i do have a huge butterfly on my head ! ' ship-shape : hat-maker mary anna smith wears an easter bonnet featuring a blue ship , which she fashioned from an elaborate kite . elaborate rabbit : this puppet bunny was another of the out-there headpieces seen strutting down fifth avenue . commentary : this woman 's hat was a diorama inspired by the city 's mayor , bill de blasio . starting young : maelie swanson , held by her father jeff , enjoyed the chance to put her bunny ears on parade . onesie becomes twosie : this rabbit enthusiast was captured next to a mirrored building on the new york street . in bloom : these colorful headpieces were typical among the revelers . eggstravagant : these two women took the egg theme to its logical conclusion , wearing depictions in cooked and raw form . the 2015 easter parade bore little resemblance to the first one , which started in the 1880s as a strolling display of what prosperous new yorkers wore to fifth avenue churches . in recent decades , the street gathering has morphed into a sort of costume circus - including pet dogs . a sizable subsection of dogs also sported elaborate easter costumes , painstakingly designed by their owners - although some were so heavy they animals had to be carried around rather than walk . carmen , a 4lbs chihuahua , was not exactly happy with her getup . ' she did n't love this one because it 's kind of heavy , and she wo n't walk in it . but if i carry her , she 's fine , ' said owner melissa mejias . a consultant to the city 's department of education , mejias dabbles in dog attire . she used a simplicity pattern to sew carmen 's coat from one of her old shirts , adorning it with a flowery headband plus a necklace purchased from a company that makes accessories for tweens . and to make sure she did n't run off into the dense crowds , mejias kept her on a bejeweled leash . as for mejias , she wore her mother-in-law 's old easter hat to the parade , a dark red velvet one she 'd pulled out of a closet . ' i 'm carrying on that tradition , ' said mejias . dog squad : carmen the chihuahua poses with owneer melissa mejias at the parade . she was apparently not a big fan of the floral outfit , and wo n't walk with it on . easter puppy : these two dogs seemed happier with their colorful wings and hats as they joined in with their owners . kids , too : sasha bryant , left , and her sister india were also along for the parade , with relatively restrained toppings . loopy : davey mitchell poses for photographs as he takes part in the easter parade . rising roses : pata luna llano poses for photographs with her elaborate , wireframe decoration . back in black : markus kelle departed from the bright color scheme , opting for goggle-style shades , a black plume and purple lipstick . keeping it straight : terrie furukawa , right , reties the hat of her aunt yotsuko sakamoto as they take part in the parade .