there has been a lot of hype surrounding the april lunar eclipse as the moon is set to turn blood red this easter weekend . but in the lead up to the rare event tomorrow , the sydney observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night . so much so , they 're plans to regularly update keen spectators with phase process images have been thwarted due to cloudy conditions . and according to the bureau of meteorology , it wo n't be getting any better . a blood red moon lights up the sky during a total lunar eclipse at on october 8 , 2014 in australia . the next two eclipses are forecast to happen are on april 4 and september 28 , 2015 . but in the lead up to the rare event on easter saturday , the sydney observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night . the lunar eclipse this month will appear in sydney 's north-eastern sky however sydney observatory astronomer andrew smith told the abc this could be one of the shortest eclipses . ' some sources indicate it will be around 10 minutes of totality , which will make it the shortest since 1917 , but other sources say it will be less than five minutes which makes it the shortest since 1592 , ' he said . a lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of earth . this is an area known as the umbra , where light from the sun is blocked by our planet . the light refracts differently in the atmosphere and , as it hits the moon , it appears red . the eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons , with the final one expected on september 28 . saturday’s total lunar eclipse will turn the moon a burnt reddish orange . in this image the last blood moon is situated high above sydney . this month 's event is now booked out at the sydney observatory however more tickets may be released on saturday morning if weather conditions improve . a lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of earth . this is an area known as the umbra , where light from the sun is blocked by our planet . the light refracts differently in the atmosphere and , as it hits the moon , it makes it appear red . this gives rise to its ‘ blood red’ appearance during a total eclipse , when the entire moon is in shadow . if it skirts the shadow , known as a partial or penumbral eclipse , the effect is less dramatic . however the forecast for easter saturday is n't looking very promising across australia , according to the bureau of meteorology . simon allen , bom 's senior meteorologist , told the abc that adelaide will be have the clearest skies out of all the states - where the partial eclipse is set to begin at 8.45pm . perth and darwin may be lucky depending on the location of cloud bands . the partial eclipse is set to start at 6.15pm and 7.45pm respectively . cairns , hobart and melbourne will most likely see patchy cloud conditions while mr allen says ' sydney and brisbane are the least likely to see it [ the eclipse ] ' . the partial eclipse is set to start at about 8.15pm in cairns . sydney , canberra , hobart and melbourne can expect theirs at 9.15pm .