comics at the bbc must go through a lengthy process to get some jokes on air because the corporation is extra-wary about causing offence , an editor at the company has claimed . chris sussman , executive editor for comedy , revealed particular jokes have to go through ' quite a lot of layers ' to be approved . some jokes even have to be looked over by director general lord hall - alongside editorial policy advisers , the channel and legal advisers - before they are aired , he said . comics at the bbc must go through a lengthy process to get jokes on air , including some being looked over by director general lord hall ( left ) , an editor at the company claimed . it is because the corporation is extra-wary about causing offence - like in the sachsgate scandal involving russell brand and jonathan ross ( right ) . the cautious attitude comes after a ' difficult few years ' , mr sussman added . speaking at a bafta event the telegraph reported him saying : ' it 's been a difficult few years and i think that is reflected internally in terms of the processes and procedures we go through when we’re making programmes . ' to get a certain joke on air , to get a joke approved , we have to go through quite a lot of layers . ' sometimes we’ll run something past at script stage , if we’re unsure . most of the time it’s about `` here’s the show , have a look at it '' . ' the strict rules come after a ' difficult few years ' following the sachsgate scandal , where ross and brand left lewd messages on andrew sachs ' ( left ) voicemail , mr sussman added . comedian frankie boyle ( right ) has previously criticised the bbc about its cautious attitude towards comedy . mr sussman joined the corporation after jonathan ross and russell brand caused outrage by broadcasting a series of answer phone messages they left with andrew sachs . the messages included lewd comments about brand 's relationship with sachs ' granddaughter , georgina baillie . comedian frankie boyle has previously criticised the bbc about its cautious attitude towards comedy . he called the trust cowardly for the broadcaster’s lack of political comedy in 2010 shortly after leaving mock the week . in an open letter boyle added that the bbc wanted to ' deliver the flavour of political comedy with none of the content ' . john lloyd , producer of blackadder and not the nine o'clock news , added that comedy that is not funny could ' sink the corporation ' .