it may have been miley cyrus ' pink heart-shaped nipple pasties that garnered all the attention when she paid honour to rocker joan jett on saturday , but eagle-eyed fans were distracted by something else . savvy social media users noticed that the 22-year-old , who attended the 30th annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on saturday in cleveland , ohio , had given her razor a night off . miley , 22 , who is known and loved for her controversial sartorial choices , displayed a somewhat bushy underarm region as she posed for a social media snap . scroll down for video . miley cyrus posed for a social media snap ahead of the 30th annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on saturday in cleveland , ohio ... and it appears that she had given her razor a night off . one user , hayley mashteare , commented : ' miley cyrus does n't shave her armpits and that worries me ' , while gucci girl said that star 's armpit hairs were ' freaking her out ' . jennifer sidlow chimed in : ' do n't care how feminist/hippy you are , having armpit hair like miley cyrus is just no ' . one fan account added : ' armpit hair is disgusting , please shave miley cyrus . ' miley cyrus bares her armpits as she speaks onstage during the 30th annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony at public hall on saturday . miley 's somewhat bushy underarm area caused quite a stir on social media where many users advised miley to pick up a razor and shave . some users leapt to her defence , with el adding : ' why do people even care that miley cyrus has armpit hair ? like wow imagine that , a human with hair ! how gross ! ' a lot of users did n't understand why people were ' freaking out ' over the singer 's armpit hair , with charlie saying : ' miley cyrus ' armpit hair is n't `` hideous '' , we all see men 's armpit hair but that 's apparently acceptable because they 're men . please shut up ' . of course , loyal fans sprung to her defence . one , named abi , tweeted : ' stop telling @ mileycyrus to shave her armpits ? she 's a woman . she does n't have to do what you say ! there is nothing wrong with body hair . ' stephanie added : ' people are losing their minds over miley cyrus not shaving her armpits.. how can hair offend you ? it 's hair ... ' el jumped in : ' why do people even care that miley cyrus has armpit hair ? like wow imagine that , a human with hair ! how gross ! ' . whilst miley 's personal grooming habits caused a social media stir , she is n't the first - and probably wo n't be the last - to shun her razor in favour of the fuzz . scout willis is also more than happy to show off her armpit hair on the red carpet and in her social media snaps . the 23-year-old daughter of demi moore and bruce willis has been seen working out with her armpit hair on show . scout appeared to have grown out her underarm hair for an exhibition in february . scott 's underarm hair was on display in a recent social media snap with her friends . scott willis , for one , is n't a fan of shaving - and prefers to embrace her underarm hairs . scout is well-known as the voice of free the nipple , which campaigns for women 's body rights , and is more than happy to show off her armpit hair on the red carpet and in her social media snaps . the 23-year-old daughter of demi moore and bruce willis has been seen working out with her armpit hair on show , as well as when out and about with her pals . one picture , which was taken during a fitness session with sisters rumer , 26 , and tallulah , 20 , ignited debate on tallulah 's social media page , with one instagram follower writing : ‘ pit hair is just ugly and stinky . ’ and she found support from a fan who responded : ‘ be comfortable in your own skin and do your thing girls ! ! as a mom of 3 daughters myself that 's all i 've got to say ! ’ another follower added : ‘ guys open your minds ! we are not all made the same way ! ’ madonna , pixie lott , juliette lewis and julia roberts have all famously tried the carefree look , too . julia roberts revealing an unshaved armpit at the premiere of notting hill in 1999 , left , and madonna showing off some serious underarm hair , which social media users pointed out could well be fake . pixie lott appeared to have taken beauty tips from julia roberts as she forgot to shave her armpits ahead of the dark knight rises premiere in london in 2012 , left , while juliette lewis shows off her version of the au natural look at a party .  