morgan schneiderlin says southampton are refusing to give up on their champions league aspirations despite saturday 's damaging defeat at stoke . saints missed the chance to close the gap on fourth-placed manchester city to two points as they went down to a 2-1 defeat at the britannia stadium . schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first barclays premier league goal since september , but a mistake from saints goalkeeper kelvin davis allowed mame diouf to equalise and substitute charlie adam stole all three points with six minutes to go . morgan schneiderlin fires southampton into the lead at the britannia with a close-range finish . schneiderlin accepts the europa league is a more realistic goal for southampton now , but he insists the players still have faint hopes of qualifying for the premier club competition in europe . ' we wanted to achieve the top four and now it 's going to be even more complicated but we 're not going to give up , ' the midfielder told southampton 's website . ' we wanted to give the fans the most prestigious competition but if not , we want to give them the europa league . we want to secure european football for this club , that 's our main target . ' stoke had struggled to create any decent chances before davis ' misjudgement handed them a way back into the game less than two minutes into the second half . the 38-year-old declined to catch steven nzonzi 's shot , believing it was going wide . the ball struck the angle and the goalkeeper had no time to respond before diouf swept in from eight yards . schneiderlin ( left ) makes a run as stoke's steven nzonzi gives chase on saturday . saints manager ronald koeman was loathe to criticise his goalkeeper after the match . ' i call it unlucky , ' the dutchman said . ' i will have to watch it back . i do n't know if it was a cross or a shot , and maybe the wind was part of the difficulty for kelvin . ' saints ' demise was complete when substitute adam nipped the ball away from sadio mane in the box and swept a volley past davis . mame biram diouf swept in from 10 yards as stoke forced an equaliser in the 47th minute . after scoring a 65-yard wonder goal against chelsea just a couple of weeks ago , adam was unhappy at starting the game on the bench , but he thinks he gave his manager the perfect response . ' it 's nice to keep scoring and win the game , ' the scot said . ' it was disappointing to be on the bench and i think it was a great way to react by not starting the game . ' the win moved stoke to within four points of their 50-point target for the season . charlie adam secured all three points for stoke as the hit the winner with six minutes remaining . and adam believes the potters can make up the one-point gap that separates them from eighth-placed swansea . he said : ' we 're edging nearer to doing better than last season and since the manager came in , our aim is to keep improving year upon year . ' we are a top-10 club and we want to consolidate ourselves in that position , so we want to keep pushing on for the remaining games of the season . ' it will be difficult , but we will keep pushing on and if we can finish in eighth place then we will be very happy . ' ronald koeman applauds the saints fans as their dreams of champions league qualification all but ended .