turkey has lifted a block on social media sites in the country after twitter , facebook and youtube agreed to remove chilling images of a prosecutor being held at gunpoint by left wing extremists . a turkish court imposed the blocks yesterday because photographs of the deadly siege in which mehmet selim kiraz was killed were being widely shared on social media . the 46-year-old turkish prosecutor died in hospital when two members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front ( dhkp-c ) stormed a courthouse and took him hostage - uploading the photographs of kiraz with a gun pointed at his head to social media in the process . turkey initially demanded domestic newspapers stop running the ' terrorist propaganda ' images , before going on to block access to twitter , facebook and youtube yesterday when requests to remove the photographs were ignored . scroll down for video . chilling : mehmet selim kiraz died after two members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse in istanbul and took him hostage - uploading these photographs of kiraz with a gun pointed at his head to social media in the process . shocking : a turkish court had imposed the blocks because photographs of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and ' deeply upset ' the wife and children of mehmet selim kiraz . access to twitter , facebook and youtube was re-established after the social media sites agreed to remove photographs of the deadly siege , which turkey has branded 'anti-government propaganda ' . however turkey has since threatened to block access to google unless images of the siege are removed from its search function . the journalists group , turkish press council , said that while it understood the authorities concerns over the publication of the prosecutors ' photographs , it said banning social media websites was in conflict with democracy . ' it is meaningless to totally shut down social platforms - which contain billions of useful information - to the use of the turkish people because of some unsuitable content , ' the group said . users meanwhile were sharing information on how to get around the ban on the internet . kiraz and both of his captors were killed when turkish security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him . gunshots were heard and smoke could be seen rising from the scene at the end of the six-hour stand-off . grief : the family of mehmet selim kiraz grieve over his coffin during his funeral at eyup sultan mosque in istanbul , turkey . he died in hospital after he was taken hostage by the far-left organisation . gathering : prosecutors , lawyers and judges stand near a statue of lady justice during the funeral ceremony . before imposing the blocks on the websites , turkish authorities had tried to prevent newspapers printing images taken during the siege last week . the newspapers were accused by the government of ' spreading terrorist propaganda ' in sharing the images of the hostage-taking . a british national , of polish origin but who has not been named , was arrested on saturday as part of an operation against the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front , according to reports . a foreign office spokeswoman said this morning : ' i can confirm that a british national has been arrested in turkey and that we are offering consular assistance . ' presidential spokesman ibrahim kalin said : ' this has to do with the publishing of the prosecutor 's picture . what happened in the aftermath [ of the prosecutor 's killing ] is as grim as the incident itself . ' the demand from the prosecutor 's office is that this image not be used anywhere in electronic platforms ... the wife and children of prosecutor kiraz have been deeply upset . the images are everywhere . ' after the block was lifted journalism group turkish press council said that while it understands the authorities concerns over the publication of the prosecutors ' photographs , banning social media sites is in conflict with democracy . ' it is meaningless to totally shut down social platforms - which contain billions of useful information -- to the use of the turkish people because of some unsuitable content , ' the group said . critical : prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz was taken to hospital with gunshot wounds but died of his injuries . strength of feeling : elvan has since become an icon for the turkish far-left and his supporters accuse the authorities of covering up the circumstances and perpetrators of his death . mr kiraz , a father-of-two married to a judge who also worked at the courthouse , was targeted for his part in an investigation into the death of berkin elvan . the 15-year-old was severely wounded after being hit on the head by a tear-gas canister fired by a police officer during anti-government protests in istanbul in june 2013 . after spending 269 days in a coma , elvan eventually died on march 11 last year . his death , and the subsequent investigation , have since become a rallying point for the country 's far-left . last year , turkey blocked access to youtube and twitter after audio recordings of a secret security meeting or tapes suggesting corruption by government officials were leaked on the social media sites . turkey 's highest court , however , overturned the bans , deeming them to be unconstitutional . previous moves by turkish authorities to block the social media networks have provoked widespread criticism by western governments and human rights organizations . many tech-savvy users , including former president abdullah gul , had found ways to circumvent the bans both on twitter and youtube while they were in place .