a rare bentley which has lain gathering dust for years has been bought for almost four times its estimated value - but still needs a full restoration . the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for around £200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house . originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials . the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback ( pictured ) sold for almost four times its estimated value . the rare bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over the past 15 years . more than 45 people placing bids on behalf of bidders from around the world in the room , over the phone and on the internet . the bentley eventually sold a to an anonymous british car collector - who faces the task of restoring the car to its former glory . but when it is ready , it could be worth more than £1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer . a strong market and rising prices mean vintage vehicles are increasingly popular as financial investments - and the value of some classic cars rose by 257 per cent between 2005 and 2013 , it was recently reported . but when it is ready , it could be worth more than £1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the anonymous british collector who bought it . earlier this week , a clapped out 1962 aston martin db4 series iii went on the market - offering car fanatics the chance to restore the virtually untouched vehicle - with the promise of being worth three times its £220,000 price tag when finished . the r-type was the second series of post-war bentley automobiles , replacing the mark vi . it was considered the epitome of british luxury in the 1950s as well as being the first car to carry the continental nameplate . it was the fastest production car of the period as it could reach 120mph . but despite its speed capability , the continental model was produced specifically for the domestic market in continental europe . and despite vehicles having the same uniform style , each car was unique in detail and unlike almost every car of its time , the continental had an all-aluminum body . richard charlesworth , bentley 's director of royal and vip relations , described the 1954 bentley as ' one of the rarest and most iconic cars of its time ' as only 218 were made . he also referred to it as ' almost the bugatti veyron of its day ' . however , this white model is far from fast after spending the past 15 years gathering dust in a barn . when new , the bentley was the world 's fastest four-seat car - capable of 120mph . this was thanks to a 4.9-litre engine which developed almost 180bhp - a large figure for a 61-year-old car . tony cavell , director at barons , said the winning bid was ' an absolutely fantastic result ' . he added : ' a ' lost ' car always attracts collectors ' attention , and when it 's such a rare , iconic and valuable machine , that interest can lead to a frenetic bidding battle such as we saw yesterday . ' it will be fascinating to see the ' journey ' the bentley now takes , as its restoration commences . ' this virtually-untouched 1962 aston martin db4 series iii went on the market for £220,000 will be worth three times the price if fully restored . 