phil taylor suffered his fourth loss of the premier league season with defeat to dave chisnall in a dramatic night of darts on thursday . taylor , the 16-time world champion , squandered a 4-2 lead to lose the next five legs and the match 7-4 . the defeat for taylor sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth . phil taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against dave chisnall during their premier league darts clash . chisnall celebrates after his victory moved him up to second in the table after nine matches of the season . michael van gerwen 7-4 james wade . phil taylor 4-7 dave chisnall . stephen bunting 6-6 kim huybrechts . adrian lewis 7-4 peter wright . gary anderson 6-6 raymond van barneveld . in contrast the victory for chisnall moved him up to second in the table after gary anderson drew with raymond van barneveld . this clash was the last in a pulsating evening in manchester dubbed ' judgement night ' with five of the 10 players all facing the threat of elimination . going into his match against anderson , van barneveld knew he needed a positive result to keep his premier league hopes alive following adrian lewis ' 7-4 win over peter wright earlier . and the dutchman duly delivered by taking a 5-3 lead against the scot , which ensured he earned at least a point , before drawing 6-6 . that draw , coupled with lewis ' win , meant that wright was one of two players to be eliminated from this year 's tournament - and cruelly so via leg difference . raymond van barneveld survived elimination on ' judgement night ' with a 6-6 draw against gary anderson . van barneveld 's draw meant that peter wright ( left ) was one of two players to be eliminated this season . wright was cruelly eliminated on leg difference after losing 7-4 against adrian ' jackpot ' lewis . belgian kim huybrechts also suffered premier league elimination after a 6-6 draw vs stephen bunting . the 45-year-old was joined by belgian kim huybrechts after he lost his sixth premier league match of the season . huybrechts knew he needed to take a victory to keep alive his hopes but instead he missed hree match darts as he drew 6-6 with stephen bunting . elsewhere league leader michael van gerwen continued his unbeaten record in the competition as he swept past james wade 7-4 . van gerwen has now won seven and drawn two of his opening nine matches of the campaign . michael van gerwen ( pictured ) continued his unbeaten record as he swept past james wade 7-4 .