great british bake off host sue perkins is now the favourite to replace disgraced presenter jeremy clarkson on top gear . a flurry of bets placed on perkins have propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant position , according to bookmakers coral . it has made her evens for the role , ahead of former x-factor presenter dermot o'leary who is 2-1 and british model jodie kidd who is third at 5-2 . new host ? bookmakers coral have great british bake off host sue perkins ( left ) as favourite to replace jeremy clarkson ( right ) as the host of top gear . disgraced : perkins is evens to take over from clarkson ( pictured ) who was sacked by the bbc after he struck and verbally abused one of the show 's producers . favourite : perkins ( right ) , who hosts the hit baking programme with mel giedroyc ( left ) , is ahead of former x-factor presenter dermot o'leary and british model jodie kidd for the appointment . the firm 's spokesperson nicola mcgeady said : ' this latest gamble suggests that sue perkins is being lined up to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear . ' when betting first opened on clarkson 's successor , it was one-way traffic for jodie kidd and now today 's flutter has convinced us that a female is in the driving seat . ' clarkson 's future at the bbc remains uncertain but he will be back on the channel later this month to host satirical quiz show have i got news for you . the corporation investigated the ousted top gear presenter after he attacked one of the show 's producers , splitting his lip and abusing him in a 30-second verbal assault on march 4 . he was initially suspended by the broadcaster on march 10 for the attack on oisin tymon , before it announced his contract would not be renewed . prime minister david cameron was one of the many famous faces to lend his support to clarkson in the aftermath , while over one million people signed a petition urging the bbc to reinstate him . but director-general tony hall said ' a line has been crossed ' and ' there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' . clarkson will appear on stage with his former top gear colleagues richard hammond and james may later this year to fulfil a series of shows planned before he left the bbc . exodus : clarkson 's departure has sparked rumours that former fellow-presenters richard hammond ( left ) and james may ( right ) may also quit the hugely successful show . the gigs will be stripped of all bbc branding and instead be presented as ' clarkson , hammond and may live ' . that means the show which will tour australia , norway , south africa and the uk will not be able to use clips from the show - or even feature the stig . the move has sparked rumours that all three men could team up to continue their careers together but sources close to the tour claim it is just a matter of fulfilling commitments to the fans . the future of the show 's other two presenters - hammond and may - is also unclear with both men 's top gear contracts having run out .