a young mother has spoken of her humiliation after a dental assistant apparently removed her nine-month-old son from her arms without asking while she was breastfeeding him in the dentist 's chair . tayler chaice buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an aspen dental facility in alabama on friday morning after developing agonizing toothache which would not go away . but after calling the dentist 's office , she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning that she had no time to find a babysitter for her infant son , attley . instead , tayler was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility . the pair turned up shortly after - but midway through the appointment , attley started to create a fuss . upset : tayler chaice buzbee has spoken of her humiliation after a dental assistant apparently removed her baby son , attley ( pictured with tayler ) from her arms while she was breastfeeding him in the dentist 's chair . ' i do n't nurse in public , and i never have because i hear these stories about people being shamed ... i do n't do well with being confronted , so i usually find another room to go to , ' tayler toldal.com . but she said that , in this instance , she had no option but to breastfeed attley - a gorgeous dark-haired baby with big brown eyes and a cheeky grin - because he was hungry and causing a scene . the hygienists apparently did not mind tayler nursing her son - and one even offered to halt the treatment and return when she was finished . but tayler declined and continued to be treated . a short while later , the dentist and another female employee came into the room . the latter reportedly told tayler that she was not permitted to breastfeed her baby in the dentist 's office . then , while the dentist examined tayler 's teeth , the employee removed attley from her arms - without permission and before he had finished feeding from his mom - because he was ' in the way ' . she then placed him in a stroller , it is reported . tayler , who was shocked , left the office soon after . controversy : while the dentist examined tayler 's teeth , a female employee removed attley from her arms - without permission and before he had finished feeding from his mom - because he was ' in the way ' . facility : tayler had made the emergency appointment at the aspen dental facility ( file picture ) in alabama on friday after developing agonizing toothache . she was left ' humiliated ' after the breastfeeding incident . speaking to the news site , the marshalls employee said : ' i have never felt so humiliated in my life . ' she added : ' that was my biggest concern . do n't take him out of my arms . it was a situation where i was humiliated , i was crying , and i felt just embarrassed to be there . ' in a statement , aspen dental management inc apologized to tayler . ' no nursing mother should ever be made to feel uncomfortable while feeding her child , ' representative kasey pickett told al.com . she added that the company is investigating the incident . it is not the first time a new mother has been ' shamed ' for breastfeeding in public . mother and son : despite the female employee 's actions , the dental hygienists apparently did not mind tayler ( back ) nursing her son ( front ) - and one even offered to halt the treatment and return when she was finished . ' shamed ' : it is not the first time a new mother like tayler ( pictured , left , with attley ) has been ' shamed ' for breasfeeding in public . in january , 24-year-old mother alanna panas claimed she was kicked out of a casino in berlin , maryland , for breastfeeding her seven-week-old daughter ( right , with alanna ) in the lobby . in january , 24-year-old mother alanna panas claimed she was kicked out of a casino in berlin , maryland , for breastfeeding her seven-week-old daughter in the lobby . alanna , a mother-of-one from mechanicsburg , pennsylvania , said she was thrown out by security at the casino at ocean down after they told her she and daughter lilly were a ' security risk ' . she said she had intended to feed her daughter in her car but did not have time to get the keys and as it was a cold , rainy evening , the casino lobby was her only choice , usa today reported . last year , an international study found mothers are made to feel ' ashamed ' when they breastfeed in public - while many are put off breastfeeding by negative comments from health workers . mothers reported being stared at or tutted at and felt as if they were seen as ' hippies ' or ' weirdos ' . others said they wanted to breastfeed after 12 months but feared public disapproval . negative emotions are also common for new mothers who are trying to breastfeed in hospital soon after giving birth . these are due to staff actions and comments , the research found . dr gill thomson , of the maternal and infant nutrition and nurture unit at the university of central lancashire in preston , led the study , which also involved researchers in germany and sweden . 