the family of a former art teacher who died from lung cancer after years of pinning pupils ' work to classroom walls lined with asbestos has taken legal action against the local council . jennifer barnett worked archway school in stroud , gloucestershire , between 1980 and 1997 , when she left teaching to have her fourth child . the 60-year-old died last september , 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos . loved : jennifer barnett worked archway school in stroud , gloucestershire , between 1980 and 1997 , when she left teaching to have her fourth child . above , the mother-of-four with her husband and children . her husband , nigel , told an inquest into her death in january that his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s . ' she then became an art teacher and from 1977 until 1995 worked at various schools , often hanging paintings on walls containing asbestos , ' he added . the coroner , katy skerrett , recorded a verdict of death as a result of industrial disease . a post-mortem found a large tumour in her right lung . ms skerrett said : ' it is clear that there was sufficient exposure to asbestos in her occupation for me to reach a conclusion that this lady died from an industrial disease . ' mr barnett and his family believe the asbestos in the school is to blame for mrs barnett 's death and are now taking legal action against gloucestershire county council . in a statement released this week , mr barnett said that during her time as a teacher , his wife also did clay modelling with pupils and the cupboard where the clay was stored also contained asbestos . he said : ' jen was a fantastic wife and a wonderful mother to our four children . she was so precious to us and it is hard to believe she 's gone . ' prior to her illness , she was a very fit and healthy 60-year old who enjoyed playing tennis in her spare time and was a dedicated and extremely talented artist who continued to work right up until her death . ' our youngest daughter was only 18 when her mum passed away and was just about to start university . ' the whole family misses her dreadfully and we are all shocked and devastated that her life was cut short so suddenly . ' mrs barnett worked at archway school , where she was known as miss shonk , as an art teacher before being promoted head of the department . she left teaching aged 42 to have her youngest daughter , but continued to work as an artist . her family said she remained positive during ' gruelling ' chemotherapy treatment , but died the day after celebrating her 30th wedding anniversary , in september 2014 . dedicated : for 17 years , mrs barnett worked at archway school , in stroud , gloucestershire , pictured , where she was known as miss shonk , as an art teacher before being promoted head of the department . mr barnett said : ' i 'll never forget the consultant at the hospital asking jen if she 'd ever been exposed to asbestos and her saying a definite `` yes '' because she knew a lot of asbestos was previously used in school buildings . ' jen fought the cancer bravely and remained positive throughout gruelling sessions of chemotherapy . ' the day before she died , she even managed to come to the little village church where we were married to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary and we had a very special day together as a family . ' photographs taken that day show her smiling and we will always treasure them . ' mr barnett , from painswick , gloucestershire , has instructed specialist asbestos disease lawyers at novum law to investigate his wife 's working conditions at the school . he added : ' i am hoping former teachers or ex-pupils will come forward who may have some knowledge about the asbestos ceiling tiles at archway school or know of any other asbestos products or materials that were used there . ' helen grady , an asbestos disease solicitor at novum law said : ' it is alarming that we are seeing more and more cases involving teachers . ' asbestos was widely used in the uk as a building material for fireproofing and insulation from the 1950s up until 1985 , when most types were banned . ' it was banned completely from new buildings in 1999 but , sadly the damage had already been done for thousands of victims who have paid the ultimate price for going to work every day . ' we hope anyone who may have attended archway or worked there remembers jen and can shed more light on how she got exposed . ' archway headteacher colin belford said staff were saddened by their former colleague 's death , and were not aware of the issues raised by the coroner . he said : ' staff who worked with her at archway spoke of her with great affection and admiration . ' i can say that all of the building work which has taken place at archway in recent years is fully compliant with modern building regulations . ' i am not aware of any current risk to staff or students but will ask the local authority for its assurance on this matter . ' phil ashbee-dobbins , gloucestershire county council asbestos administration officer , said : ' buildings built in the 1960s and 1970s , and even up until the late 90s often have asbestos in them . ' it does n't pose a risk unless it is disturbed , and we help schools under local authority control keep their own accurate records and to make sure it is treated properly and safely . ' archway school has been extensively renovated in recent years . in addition , regular asbestos audits are completed as part of standard health and safety procedures . ' while we are unable to comment on this specific case , we would like to reassure parents , pupils and teachers that current guidance and practices in our county 's schools appropriately manage the risks associated with asbestos . '