the country’s biggest network of foodbanks charges volunteers £1,500 to hand out free food in its name , it emerged yesterday . the trussell trust asks for the ‘donation’ from churches and community groups which open new foodbanks . the money , volunteers are told , is needed to pay for the trust’s staff , branding materials , pr advice and relationships with supermarkets such as tesco . setting up costs : trussell trust asks for a ' donation ' of £1,500 from churches and community groups . but the hefty bill has come under scrutiny following controversy over the false trussell trust claim that it fed more than a million hungry people last year . in fact , the one million figure was the number of food parcels handed out – so did not account for repeat visitors . one critic accused the network – which charges foodbanks £360 for each subsequent year after the initial fee – of taking money that could be used to pay for food . the trust , which has links with the church of england , hands out parcels containing three days’ worth of donated food to people referred by doctors , social workers and other agencies . the number of trussell trust foodbanks has risen eight-fold in just five years , to 445 . its most recent accounts show an annual income of nearly £3.4million . a pitch to prospective volunteers says : ‘we’ll provide you with all the tools , training and know-how that you need to start a foodbank so that people in crisis in your town don’t have to go hungry . ’ they are told they will be given a website , publicity materials and ‘ opportunities to talk to the press’ among other benefits . the trust says : ‘ foodbanks are asked to make a £1,500 donation towards these costs . ’ pr and branding : critics accuse the charity of taking money which could be better spent on food . but the charge has sparked criticism from other charities and community groups . one foodbank volunteer leader said he saw ‘ no benefit paying £1,500 upfront to tt which could be used to buy food’ . last night , trust chief executive david mcauley said : ‘ the cost to the trussell trust of helping to start a new foodbank is higher than the contribution that the foodbank makes . ’ he said last year the trust gave its volunteers ‘ cash grants and in-kind goods which totalled double the amount that foodbanks contributed financially’ . 