bill de blasio is going up against hillary clinton as the democratic presidential candidate , it has been claimed . the mayor of new york is allegedly entering the race as a ' leftist ' alternative to clinton in the hopes that this will see him represent the party in the 2016 elections . this claims come in the wake of a television appearance last week , just hours before clinton announced her candidacy , where de blasio refused to back her . scroll down for video . the mayor of new york is allegedly entering preparing to run for president as a ' leftist ' alternative to hillary clinton , according to a source within the democratic party . de blasio 's intentions to throw his hat in the ring as democrat presidential candidate comes from a ' national party operative ' , according to the new york post . the mayor 's bid for presidency is backed by the working families party , and he hopes that left-leaning ' progressive activists ' will join them in supporting him over the coming months , the source claims . ' de blasio and his advisers are trying to position the mayor as the ' draft ' candidate for the left in 2016 . that 's why he refused to endorse hillary last week , ' the party operative told the post . the 53-year-old has yet to back clinton , despite the fact that he was campaign manager of her u.s. senate bid in 2000 , an indication that the rumours of his intentions to run for president may be true . the new york city mayor , known to be more liberal than clinton on most issues , surprised many democrats when he declined to endorse his former boss during an interview last week . behind her back ? bill de blasio has yet to endorse hillary clinton as the democrats ' presidential candidate , despite the fact that he was campaign manager of her u.s. senate bid in 2000 . the new york city mayor , seen inspecting a bronx apartment as pary of an affordable housing project , said he will not endorse clinton until he can ' see an actual vision of where they want to go ' . appearing on meet the press , de blasio said he would withhold his blessing ' until i see an actual vision of where they want to go . ' ' she 's a tremendous public servant , ' the mayor continued . ' i think she is one of the most qualified people to ever run for this office . and by the way , thoroughly vetted , we can say that . but we need to see the substance . ' de blasio has taken several steps to raise his profile in recent weeks , including making a bid for the 2016 democratic national convention , hosting a meeting of liberals at gracie mansion this month and traveling to nebraska and iowa — site of the first nominating caucus — last week to champion the fight against income inequality . today , clinton is scheduled to arrive in new hampshire as she steps up her campaign for the democratic nomination . as she did in iowa last week , clinton plans to forgo the packed rallies that marked her previous campaign and focus on smaller round-table events with selected groups of supporters .