the creator of the best-selling alex rider spy novels has accused fellow children’s author david walliams of dumbing-down fiction and failing to ‘challenge’ young readers . anthony horowitz said books by the comedian – who was the uk’s top-selling children’s author last year – are ‘ witty and entertaining’ but nowhere near ambitious enough . the 59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out walliams’ gangsta granny for criticism , as well as the diary of a wimpy kid books by author jeff kinney . scroll down for video . author anthony horowitz ( pictured right ) said books by comedian david walliams ( left ) – who was the uk’s top-selling children’s author last year – are ‘ witty and entertaining’ but nowhere near ambitious enough . he insisted that such writers should challenge their young readers and not be ‘ afraid of powerful stories or serious ideas’ . he suggested they should follow the example of authors such as john green and ‘ write up for children , not down to them’ . green’s book , the fault in our stars , tells the story of two teenagers who fall in love while they are both dying of cancer , and was the top-selling title of 2014 , with more than 870,000 copies sold . horowitz , who is also the principal writer on the itv period detective drama foyle’s war , singled out gangsta granny , with its breaking-wind jokes and a character who perpetuates the myth that children ‘ automatically dislike reading’ . writing in the times educational supplement , he said he was troubled that children’s books ‘ seem to have come full circle’ . walliams made over £7million in 2014 from book sales including the boy in the dress and demon dentist . he added : ‘ to some extent , narrative fiction was reinvented by jk rowling – it’s hard to believe that children weren’t challenged by books that stretched to 760 pages – and a phalanx of writers crested on her success : michael morpurgo , philip pullman , jacqueline wilson , malorie blackman , eoin colfer , darren shan ... and me . ' today it is jeff kinney and david walliams who top the bestseller lists , with books that are witty and entertaining but nowhere near as ambitious . ’ he added : ‘ speaking personally , i was a little sad when , in walliams’ gangsta granny , we were told that among the old woman’s vices , which included dribbling and farting : “ her house was stuffed full of books and she was always trying to get ben to read them , even though he loathed reading” . ’ horowitz said ‘ the idea that children automatically dislike reading or that books belong to a more fusty , ancient generation is patently absurd’ . his alex rider books , the first of which was published in 2000 , have been ‘ brightly re-jacketed’ , and are ‘ as popular as ever’ . they have sold 19million copies in 30 different languages , he pointed out . horowitz said : ‘ quite recently , i addressed an audience of largely unpublished writers in new york and i stand by the advice that i gave them . ‘ write up for children , not down to them . we don’t need to be afraid of powerful stories or serious ideas . the audience is there . ’ walliams last year made more than £7million from book sales . the 43-year-old britain’s got talent judge had four books in last year’s top 50 bestsellers list . his latest book , awful auntie , sold more than 500,000 copies last year . the success of his books , which also include ratburger and billionaire boy , has also been boosted by television adaptations , such as the boy in the dress , which starred walliams , meera syal and jennifer saunders , and was shown on the bbc at christmas . 