amir khan has ended speculation over his next opponent by announcing he will fight former light-welterweight world champion chris algieri on may 30 . the bolton fighter had earlier this week come under increasing pressure to take on british rival and ibf welterweight champion kell brook in june . however , khan , who was also linked with bouts against adrien broner and keith thurman , said he was already deep in negotiations to fight somebody else . amir khan ( left ) has announced his next fight will be against chris algieri at welterweight on may 30 . khan 's ( right ) last fight came against devon alexander in december , whom he beat to take his record to 30-3 . algieri ( left ) lost his last bout against manny pacquiao in november - his first defeat in his professional career . algieri was knocked down six times en route to a heavily lopsided points loss in macau . and on his wife 's youtube channel khan announced : ' the next opponent will be chris algieri . i will be taking that fight at 147lbs ( the welterweight limit ) . ' the fight has yet to be rubber-stamped , but khan added : ' i 'm looking forward to getting this fight announced officially by my manager and advisor al haymon . ' ( his management team ) think it 's the right fight for me , they want to keep me going . ' algieri 's only defeat in his 21-fight professional career came in his last bout against filipino superstar manny pacquiao , who faces floyd mayweather in a mega-fight on may 2 . algieri was knocked down six times en route to a heavily lopsided points loss in november last year . yet khan believes his american foe is a credible opponent as he wrested the wbo light-welterweight title off the much feared ruslan provodnikov in june 2014 . khan said : ' you can class him as an a-class opponent . ' he has fought decent opponents , beaten decent opponents , and just fell short against manny pacquiao , which is an a star opponent . ' he 's a decent boxer overall . he knows how to box and knows how to move well . he takes a decent amount of shots and he 's got a decent amount of power , so i think overall it 's going to be a good fight for me . ' the 28-year-old hopes to fight in algieri 's home city of new york , with khan 's only previous outing there an 11th-round stoppage of paulie malignaggi at madison square garden in may 2010 . adrien broner ( right ) had been relentless in calling out of khan since his comfortable win over john molina jr . khan ( pictured in march 2014 ) hopes to fight algieri 's home city of new york next month . khan ( right ) has fought once before in new york - where he defeated paulie malignaggi in may 2010 . this time , though , khan wants the non-title bout at the barclays center as he said : ' we 're looking at fighting in new york , i think new york 's a great venue for me . ' having that fight in new york will be good for the uk fans in a way because it will give them a chance to travel and it wo n't be as far as going to ( las ) vegas . ' this time i 'd like to fight at the barclays center , which i 've never fought at . ' khan has made no secret of his desire to chase lucrative showdowns against mayweather or pacquiao and is confident a win over algieri can lead him to that . ' hopefully this can lead me on to the bigger fights in the future , which is what i 'm looking at , ' he added . but khan 's announcement has left ibf welterweight champion brook disappointed . sheffield 's brook retained his world strap with a four-round destruction of jo jo dan a week ago and immediately called out regular verbal sparring partner khan . the two have spent the week trading barbs - with brook offering a june 13 date at wembley for an all-british bout - but khan made it clear he was going his own way when announcing his next opponent on thursday . the bolton man said he will face chris algieri in new york on may 30 and brook can not understand the move . after kell brook 's victory over jo jo dan on march 1 , he called out amir khan in a post-match interview . khan has previously refused a fight with brook , but now promises it will take place within 12 months . ' if someone said to me you can get five million quid , a world title , fight at wembley with a fight that every fan wants to see , it 's a no-brainer for me , ' 28-year-old brook told bbc 5 live . ' he 's fighting algieri who did n't win a round against ( manny ) pacquiao , a feather puncher , not a big puncher . it does n't make sense to me . ' i 'm world champion , i 'm calling him out , we want the fight , there 's a word title and a bagful of money and it does n't make sense that he 's fighting this guy who 's bringing nothing to the table . ' he 's said he 'll fight me before but when it comes to it , i do n't get why he does n't want to fight me . yes ( i feel frustrated ) , wherever i go it 's always amir khan , when are you going to fight him ? ' he 's delicate around the whiskers , he knows i 'm a big strong welterweight and he knows i 'm coming for that chin of his . ' khan hit back on twitter , though , saying : ' seems to me kel brook is dying to fight me for the big pay day before he faces a half decent opponent and loses that ibf title . '