an italian doctor has vowed to confound his medical doubters by proving that he can conduct the world 's first head transplant - in less than an hour . surgeon sergio canavero , who has no problem with anyone branding him dr frankenstein , also has not got any qualms with wealthy tycoons using the procedure to get a young body in their quest for eternal life . he confirmed that he hopes to operate on his first patient , a russian with a rare genetic muscle wasting disease , and said he will carry out the procedure in china if he is banned from doing so in the eu or former soviet union . scroll down for video . controversial surgeon sergio canavero plans to perform the first ever human head transplant , claiming the country which hosts the operation will be a ' world leader ' like the us when it put a man on the moon . valery spiridonov wants to be the first person to undergo a head transplant despite the massive risks so he can have a shot at having a healthy body having suffered from werdnig-hoffman disease . dr canavero says he is ready to be branded a dr frankenstein in his attempts to perform the first head transplant . pictured here is boris karolv playing dr frankenstein 's monster in the 1931 film . potentially he accepts he could be jailed for conducting such an operation in a country where it does not have approval . ' it 's not a problem . if europe and russia say `` no '' , the surgery will be done in china , ' he said . ' i 'm ready for that . i 've been studying chinese for a few years . ' you should understand that it 's not simply a medical procedure . this surgery has a political meaning . ' the soviet union was the first one to send yuri gagarin to space , america was the first on the moon . the country that hosts head transplant surgery for the first time will become a leader like this . ' but critics say dr canavero 's plans are a fantasy . arthur caplan , the director of medical ethics at new york university 's langone medical centre , has described dr canavero as ' nuts ' . and dr hunt batjer , president elect of the american association for neurological surgeons , has said : ' i would not wish this on anyone . i would not allow anyone to do it to me as there are a lot of things worse than death . ' nevertheless severely disabled valery spiridonov , 30 , a sufferer of werdnig-hoffman disease , has volunteered to be a guinea pig , knowing the risks . he told mailonline in an exclusive interview earlier this month : ' my decision is final and i do not plan to change my mind . ' ' am i afraid ? yes , of course i am . but it is not just very scary , but also very interesting . ' this risks appear huge but dr canavero insists it would take him less than an hour to put spiridonov 's head on the body of a donor body . ' valery 's head will be cooled to 10-15 degrees celsius , ' the italian medic said . ' that is done in cases of surgery on deep areas of the brain . ' we will have an hour to ' switch ' the head to a different body . you need a few minutes to join blood vessels . ' valery 's head will be detached from his body and transferred to another one in a matter of seconds , and the brain 's blood flow will start in about 15 minutes . dr canavero giving a presentation on his plans . he claims he has been ' studying chinese for the past few years ' in case he has to perform the operation in china should europe and russia say no . ' i will be explaining all the technical peculiarities on june 12 in annapolis at an international neurosurgeons ' conference . ' this annual scientific meeting of the american academy of neurological and orthopaedic surgeons will hear that such surgery is not only possible but imminent , he said . ' i 'll prove it is totally possible to all the sceptics there . ' he admitted that attaching the head was only the start . ' the surgery will take a lot of time , the joining process may take up to 18-24 hours , ' he said . ' doctors will be taking turns not to get tired . ' he added : ' believe me , i receive a lot of queries from surgeons , volunteers from across the globe who 'd like to participate in the surgery . ' if i wanted , i 'd be able to have an international team of 150 highly-skilled professionals . ' asked by newspaper komsomolskaya pravda on the cost of the first surgery , he replied : ' do you love football ? i hate it . nonetheless , you have slackers who meaninglessly stroll around the pitch and are paid $ 20-30 million a year . ' i need $ 15 million . it 's the price for happiness and health for a lot of people . but sponsors prefer spending money on healthy boneheads who ca n't kick a ball . ' asked if such surgery could be used for ' elderly billionaires to get a young body ' , he claimed he had interest from tycoons seeking to extend their lives . ' you bet - there are a few funds working on prolonging life expectancy , and they are well-funded . ' these people came to me and said , `` here is the money , but we want our participation to stay secret '' . ' however , i want everything to be transparent . doing the surgery in a secret place on a secret island is not my cup of tea , to be honest . ' he was ready to be branded dr frankenstein . in 1970 dr robert white transplanted the head of one monkey onto the body of another , as shown in this diagram . if mr spiridonov 's head were to be successfully transplanted his jugular vein and spinal cords would have to be similarly fused with those of his new donor body . dr canavero has said his new body swap technique could help paralysed people such as christopher reeve . ' i am prepared for any nicknames , because it sounds cool and will help to sell more newspapers . ' but i am very conservative when it comes to funding . ' when bill gates or dmitry itskov ( a russian millionaire supporting the research in artificial intelligence ) fund my project , i 'll come to the cameras with the receipt and say , `` this person supported my initiative '' . ' he went on : ' i know what i 'm for and am prepared for it . i already have an entire army of enemies . ' but even if i fail with the project , it 'll be a lot easier for those who carry on after me . ' he admitted that ' the final goal is immortality ' and brushed aside objections from churches . ' i 'm not a catholic and not even a christian . but i respect other points of view . and i will listen to what the orthodox church has to say . but this church has one point of view , and the catholic - another . ' he claims a senior catholic figure has said he sees no objections to the surgery , he said , adding : ' in asia and china , the religious authorities also have n't shown any discontent about that . i do n't think the religious aspect will play a huge role . dr canavero , who currently undertakes experimental surgery near turin , said that he had had ' many ' offers to be his guinea pig in such surgery . ' my secretary receives queries from all over the world , ' he said . ' i wo n't disclose the names of other candidates because they have not allowed me to do so . ' i chose valery for two reasons . first , he 's brave enough and ready to go till the end . ' second , his bravery is based on knowledge , he studied everything the scientists have discovered in the area . ' this way , i decided , he will be the first one to make history . ' other lucky people will get a chance to change their lives after him . ' in his remarkable interview with mailonline , the would-be patient explained that he had agreed to the surgery because ' i do n't really have many choices . dmitry itskov , a russian millionaire who supports research in artificial intelligence . dr canavero says he 'd love to ' come to the cameras ' with a receipt to show he had enlisted mr itskov 's support . ' if i do n't try this chance my fate will be very sad . with every year my state is getting worse . ' he confirmed : ' i read many scientific articles on this topic . ' the idea to transplant not only organs but the head has been studied for a long time even by russian specialists . ' but an actual transplantation of the human head was never conducted . ' i contacted professor canavero two years ago after reading about his works . i offered myself to him to make this operation possible . ' we have never met , and we just communicate via emails . ' and for the last two years we 've been talking this idea through and planning the operation . ' he 's a very experienced neurosurgeon and conducted many serious operations . of course he has never done anything like this and we have to think carefully all the possible risks . ' but in the end it is like with astronauts . before the first man we sent into space , 300 different scenarios of something going wrong were thought through but when he actually did it , it was the 301st scenario that happened . ' he denied his pledge to be a guinea pig is a stunt , and insisted he goes into it with his eyes open . severely physically handicapped , he made clear : ' i do understand the risks of such surgery . yhey are multiple . we ca n't even imagine what exactly can go wrong . ' i 'm afraid that i would n't live long enough to see it happen to someone else . ' if i want this kind of surgery to happen , i should n't put the responsibility onto someone else but should try it on myself . ' my family fully supports me . they also understand all the risks , and even if they think that it 's too dangerous , they still support me in my decision . '