an explosive new report reveals that the united states began secretly tracking phones long before the events of 9/11 or passage of the patriot act . in 1992 , a drug enforcement agency operation which has since been discontinued , monitored every telephone call made from the united states to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking , including almost every country in both north and south america . usa today uncovered the details of the program , whose vastness was not known until now , and whose practices , especially in gathering bulk information , later became a model for the national security agency . scroll down for video . it has been revealed the government began secretly tracking phone calls under a program created for the drug enforcement agency in 1992 . the dea program and its aims had been revealed earlier this year in a report from the justice department , though there was no mention of just how big the program was , and the amount of data the agency was authorized to gather . this is also now the oldest known example of the american government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country . the goal was to infiltrate drug trafficking rings , especially those that were previously unknown to members of the dea and federal government . the program also allowed agents to monitor calls the ruled out the possibility of foreign ties to the 1995 bombing of the oklahoma city federal building by american timothy mcveigh . the program only recently shuttered , and was used for nearly two decades , with top justice department officials in four administrations - george h.w . bush , bill clinton , george w. bush , and barack obama - approving the data collections . the data collection did not however allow dea investigators access to the actual content of calls , just the numbers dialed and time of the calls were all recorded . a 1998 request for sprint to release their call records to the program labeled it as ' one of the most important and effective federal drug law enforcement initiatives . ' the program was eventually halted not because it had run its course , but rather out of fear for public response should the details be revealed . that decision came from attorney general eric holder in september 2013 , just months after edward snowden began systematically releasing classified information he obtained while working at the nsa , most notably documents that detailed the agency 's reach , which while viewed by some as crucial and necessary , was seen by many as an orwellian nightmare , specifically as it pertained to the freedoms and allowances the agency had been granted when it came to spying on americans . the dea confirmed this , and they now send subpoenas on a daily basis to telephone companies to obtain records . former officials who worked at the agency prior to and during the program 's inception speak of it as a necessity at the time as they attempted to combat the seemingly untouchable and infallible colombian drug cartels . in that regard the program was a massive success , allowing agency officials to take down larger members of drug organizations thanks to a system that no longer required them to reach out to the phone companies every day , where the could only request individual phone records . and this years before the program had begun , and the agency was working with just the principles they had developed , two supercomputers and a team of analysts . officials could not reveal those the program helped the agency to capture , but we do know that colombian barons carlos lehder , griselda blanco and daniel barrera barrera , also known as el loco , were all captured by or with the help of the dea in the years prior to the program . the success of this new system impressed president george h.w . bush , who spoke of the idea of ' sophisticated intelligence-gathering and defense department technology ' in a 1989 speech , the first time these concepts had been mentioned by a president . those successes were short lived however , and just three years later drug crimes were hitting record highs while also turning increasingly violent , especially in miami . it was around this time that the dea program was approved , with president george h.w . bush , along with attorney general william barr and chief criminal prosecutor , robert mueller , giving the agency these new data collection privileges in the final months of his first term . the report did not reveal when exactly this happened , and if he granted this before or after his failed bid for reelection . the dea , who just years earlier were reaching out to phone companies in search of individual records , would now receive phone company records on a daily basis thanks to a request from the justice department . what 's more , whereas before the focus was on getting records only of those who were known drug suspects due to time constraints , the agency now received a list of every single phone call from an american phone line to a country on the drug watch list . the countries changed , with some coming on then going off then coming on again , but the data as always the number and time of the call . there was push back from some of the telephone companies at the time , but never to the point that any of them challenged the subpoenas in court . they may have also seen no point in challenging these subpoenas in a court when those companies that did show hesitation received a letter from the justice department ' urging them to comply . ' the aforementioned letter to sprint in 1998 was an example of these notes sent to the phone companies , and given the fact that six years later there was still unease about turning over these records it would seem this was a constant battle throughout the years the program was active . that same letter provides another look at why going to court may have seemed pointless , as the justice department wrote that the program was ' legally appropriate ' in the note , penned by then deputy assistant attorney general mary lee warren . the scope of what the records could be used for was heavily checked prior to 9/11 , with all the data being used to investigate drug investigations , with the exception of a few incidents that were seen as potential threats to national security , like oklahoma city . with the program now shuttered , there are some concerns about the list of countries on the dea list being revealed , though officials said that in many cases they were aware of the program , which would likely be just as beneficial to them as to the united states . the information was also passed along to foreign governments who in turn used it in building their own cases and investigations . 