barcelona scored three crucial away goals and all but ended the tie after easing to a 3-1 win over paris saint-germain at the parc des princes . goals from neymar and a double from luis suarez , made sure the la liga leaders travel back to spain delighted with the result and their performance . here sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final . luis suarez was the star man for barcelona and scored a brilliant second-half double to put them in control . paris saint-germain ( 4-3-3 ) salvatore sirigu - 6 - commanding in the air with a disjointed defence in front of him but could do nothing to stop neymar 's cool finish . gregory van der wiel - 5.5 - unlikely to have started had thiago silva and david luiz been fit to play the full game and was struggled to cope with neymar 's trickery , speed and movement . marquinhos - 6.5 - another bold performance from the brazilian . difficult to believe he is only 20 years old . barcelona 's front three still had their moments but marquinhos was generally in control . thiago silva - 5.5 - injured early on and replaced by his compatriot david luiz . psg need their skipper back if they are to turn this around in the camp nou . psg ( left ) missed their skipper , who was forced off , and will be praying he can play at the nou camp . maxwell - 6 - the former barcelona full-back will have been grateful for the suspension of daniel alves , allowing him a less stressful evening from a defensive point of view against the more conservative martin montoya . good delivery going the other way . blaise matuidi - 7 - powerful and determined , he inherited the captain 's armband when silva went off injured and produced a relentless midfield performance . you can understand why manchester united scouted him so closely last season . yohan cabaye - 5 - a dreadful lunge on iniesta summed up a difficult first half for the frenchman . lacks the ball quality of marco verratti and the defensive acumen of thiago motta , who were sorely missed in the midfield . booked . former newcastle united star yohan cabaye ( left ) struggled and looked out of his depth at times . adrien rabiot - 6 - a courageous performance from the youngster . good energy and did n't shy away from the challenge . ezequiel lavezzi - 5.5 - little impact from the winger . moments of quality few and far between . edinson cavani - 5.5 - so often leaves you wanting more in these pivotal games . denied by a marvellous mascherano challenge in the first half but lacked the conviction to really take on the opportunity . reported manchester united target edinson cavani had no luck in front of goal and was wasteful . javier pastore 6 - brilliant opening very early on in the game but miskicked badly . subs . david luiz ( silva , 21 ) - 5.5 - was treated by a russian doctor for his hamstring injury - recommended by andre villas boas - in a bid to get back in time for the game . however , he did n't look fully fit and was exposed for suarez 's first goal . david luiz ( 32 ) had a torrid time after he replaced silva and was nutmugged twice for suarez 's two goals . lucas ( for rabiot , 65 ) - 5 - could n't influence the game as suarez strengthened his grip with second and third goals . bookings : cabaye . subs not used : douchez , camara , bahebeck , digne , kimpembe . manager : laurent blanc - 6 - must have felt like he was playing with a player less with verratti , luiz and ibrahimovic all unable to start . to lose captain silva so early was a bitter blow , too , barcelona . marc-andre ter stegen - 6 - little chance with the consolation goal but one excellent stop to deny cavani . growing in stature . martin montoya - 6 - lacks the marauding energy of daniel alves but did n't put a foot wrong in assured showing . gerard pique - 6.5 - overcome the problems of earlier in the campaign and resembles a world-class centre back once again . javier mascherano - 8 - such a brilliant reader of the game . several superb challenges and his transition from midfield to defence has been almost seamless . no wonder roy hodgson admires him so much . javier mascherano proved how important he is to barcelona with another impressive display at the back . jordi alba - 6.5 - usual energetic self , offering menace in attack and robust defending . sergio busquets - 7 - the pivot that holds this barcelona midfield together . precise on the ball and his movement without it is terrific . ivan rakitic - 5.5 - quiet night and not at his creative best . still a way to go to demonstrate he can hold a place in this team in the long-term . andres iniesta - 6 - a first touch that should be taught to every child with aspirations of making the grade in the game . usual excellent movement and passing . luis suarez - 8.5 - quiet first half but came alive in scintillating fashion to decide the game and almost definitely the tie . suarez was in top form and embarrassed luiz for his two goals , showing off his genius ability . lionel messi - 6.5 - sliced psg apart with surgical precision to set up neymar 's opening goal . neymar - 7.5 - there had been suggestions neymar is unhappy that his manager replaces him so regularly during games . an early goal , tucked away so clinically , is a good way to stop that happening . lionel messi was instrumental in the opening goal for neymar and was tidy throughout the clash . neymar opened the scoring with a neat finish and cause van der wiel a number of problems throughout . subs not used : bravo , pedro , rafinha , bartra . bookings : pique , messi . subs . xavi ( for iniesta , 53 ) - 6 - still the same midfield metronome . did n't waste a pass . mathieu ( for rakitic , 74 ) - 5 - might have done better to prevent the psg consolation . adriano ( for montoya , 80 ) - 5.5 - game was won but kept things ticking over . man of the match : luis suarez 8.5 . manager : luis enrique - 7 - has recovered from the ordeal of the first half of the season and his side are heading towards a triumphant end to the campaign . fearsome front three could carry enrique to european glory . referee : mark clattenburg ( england ) - 7 - did n't put a foot wrong and it may be that our leading official progresses some way further than our leading sides in this competition .