the health secretary promised a crackdown if the conservatives are re-elected . ending the ‘abuse’ of nhs money exposed by the mail will be a priority if the conservatives are re-elected , the health secretary said last night . speaking as the mail revealed how nhs managers were potentially dodging income tax by channelling huge salaries through personal companies , jeremy hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power after the election . he said : ‘ the mail’s campaign has exposed that off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused both at a management level and in the hiring of agency staff . so we will stop the abuse as a priority if we form the next government . ’ his comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties , as well as health experts and medical professionals . the mail yesterday revealed how hospital bosses had taken £35million in pay rises during the worst funding crisis in a generation . and today it can be revealed that some could dodge tax by channelling salaries through personal companies . the practice is being used by temporary executives – some of whom earn more than £2,000 a day – and allows them to avoid paying income tax and national insurance in the normal way . dr sarah wollaston , former tory chairman of the health select committee , said : ‘ i was asked about the mail’s investigation today at an open public meeting . people are right to be concerned about the best use of public money . ’ labour health spokesman andy burnham has also vowed that a labour government would investigate the mail’s evidence . and he said the astonishing pay rises should be ‘ clawed back’ , adding : ‘ it can not be right at a time when nhs staff have been asked to accept years of [ pay ] freezes to see this level of excess at the top . ’ the extraordinary pay deals have also been condemned by the royal college of nursing , which branded them ‘shocking’ , while health experts including the royal college of physicians and government health adviser sir brian jarman demanded a review . former commons public accounts committee chairman margaret hodge , who investigated tax avoidance by public officials three years ago , said nhs trusts should be ‘hauled’ before mps to be held to account . ‘ this is a way of avoiding tax , ’ the labour mp said . ‘ the reason the treasury took action to stop public officials being paid through personal service companies was because my committee uncovered this was going on . ‘i’m cross the government has not stopped this and a future government has got to sort it out . ‘ they should make it a condition that if you are being paid with taxpayer money you have to be properly on the books . ’ roger goss , of patient concern , said the situation was ‘ludicrous’ , adding : ‘ there is no way of justifying it . ’ dave prentis , general secretary of unison , said : ‘it’s sickening to see top nhs bosses using the tax rules for personal gain . ’ labour 's health spokesman andy burnham said his party would investigate the mail 's findings if elected . 