with its blend of portuguese and chinese culture , it didn’t take us long to discover the unique appeal of macau . soon after arriving by high-speed turbojet ferry from hong kong , we were sitting in antonio , a beautifully tiled restaurant that could easily have been in lisbon . the food and drink was excellent ( owner antonio coelho whips up a mean souffle ) , and the fado singing of entertainer marcelino was truly memorable . scroll down for video . macau has 26 casinos , including the largest in the world , the venetian . located at the mouth of the pearl river delta at the southern tip of china , macau comprises a peninsula and two islands – taipa and coloane – connected by three dramatic bridges . it was run by portugal until 1999 when it became a special administrative region of china . wandering with our guide through macau’s historic centre the next morning , it was evident how the portuguese influence has been maintained through the architecture and cobbled streets . the highlights for us were the ruins of st paul’s , elegant senado square , and a-ma temple , which is more than 500 years old . my husband neil and i were impressed by just how clean and tidy macau is – they even have wcs for dogs with entrances marked in and out . judith chalmers and her husband travelled to the city and it didn’t take them long to discover the unique appeal of macau . after lunch at cafe litoral ( a fusion of portuguese , chinese , indian , south american , african and malaysian flavours – it works ! ) we headed over to the macau tower , which has the world’s highest bungee jump . plunging 764ft in 17 seconds is not for the faint-hearted , but neither is skywalk x , where you are harnessed and take a thrilling – if that’s the word – walk around the outer rim of the tower with nothing to hold on to . we were disappointed that , for technical reasons , we weren’t able to see the multi-million-pound production of the house of dancing water . incredible skyline ! view of grand lisboa and wynn hotel and casino at dusk . developed by the man behind many of cirque du soleil’s dazzling shows , it features acrobats , motorcycle stunts and fountain effects . mention macau and many people automatically think ‘casinos’ . there are 26 of them , including the world’s biggest , the venetian . it looks the size of wembley and has about 500 baccarat , roulette and blackjack tables . contrasting scenery ! the peaceful coloane island is world 's apart from macau . gambling is illegal in hong kong , except on horseracing , so thousands from hong kong as well as mainland china try their luck here . free shuttle buses run between the casinos , and as the doorman at our hotel , the sofitel , said : ‘it’s either that or a rolls-royce ! ’ lord stow 's bakery is the home to the portuguese egg custard tart . the island of coloane , meanwhile , has green hills , small villages and a peaceful coastline . in the town square we were intrigued to find lord stow’s bakery , home to the portuguese egg custard tart . launched by englishman andrew stow in 1989 , the store is now run by his sister eileen , and it sells more than 3,000 of the delicacies every day . macau has a typhoon season from june to september when the bridges can be closed , but a long tunnel keeps the traffic flowing . as a destination , it is far cheaper than hong kong and there is plenty of accommodation . the food is wonderful , and when you stir in the portuguese heritage and influence , you get a fascinating and colourful melting pot . wendy wu tours ( wendywutours.co.uk , 0844 875 2436 ) offers a five-day hong kong and macau discovery tour from £1,099pp , including return flights , b & b accommodation , transfers , half-day hong kong tour , macau city tour with lunch and direct ferry to macau . for further information , visit en.macautourism.gov.mo . british airways offers return flights from heathrow to hong kong from £697pp .  