while being white , blonde and an attractive anglo-saxon should n't ensue judgement , according to ellie laing , sbs news reporter , it does come with a barrage of unfair perceptions . in an article by the australian written on monday , jim carroll , the news and current affairs director of sbs , was reported to be taking a more ' commercial ' approach to the network by hiring 'good-looking , female , anglo-celtic ' journalists . while carroll denies he is hiring based on these standards , many of the journalists hired since his appointment in 2013 have fit the above bill . ' never mind the fact that i work damned hard ' : sbs reporter ellie laing has launched a scathing attack on an article in the australian that suggested she and other journalists were hired for being young , white and female . ellie laing , sbs news reporter who was hired by carroll , has now hit back at claims she was hired for her beauty over her brains in an open letter to critics . ' when a compliment suggesting i might be , in some way “ attractive , '' i’ll take it , with delight , ' she wrote in an open letter circulated to several news outlets . ' what i won’t take is a suggestion that because i 'm “attractive” , white and a woman it somehow detracts from the credibility and substance of the news service i work for . ' laing also wrote that despite a near decade of experience , hard work , established contacts and a regular six day week gig working as a journalism teacher at macleay college on the side , none of this was taken into account . diversity : the sbs was criticised for hiring young attractive reporters , with sarah abo one of the journalists mentioned in the article . ' in my case it did n't mention the near decade of experience i could bring to the newsroom after enjoying a long career across radio and tv at the abc , seven and ten . never mind the fact that i work damned hard . ' the article also commented on the sbs content taking a more ' fluffy ' lifestyle approach , which laing shot back at by insisting a need for an inclusion of the arts and a more balanced approach to hard news . beyond the affront on her looks , credibility and the content , laing made sure to clear up one thing - she was hired for passion , not because she ' scrubs up alright . ' alyshia gates is another of the sbs journalists whose position were questioned by the australian . finishing her letter with a fiery response for the australian journalist behind the controversial article , laing said : ' if he’d watched the bulletin a bit closer he would have seen i’ve changed my name to ellie laing ( too ) . i got married late last year . and yes , on my wedding day , i looked the most “attractive” i 've ever been . ' while laing stands by carroll and claims that suggest the over importance her looks play , this article comes at the same week karen middleton , sbs political correspondent announced her departure from the network . it 's believed by insiders she did n't have the right ' profile ' to fit carroll 's new criterion . whether it 's sexism based on attractiveness or unattractiveness , age or cultural background it could be said the head of network 's values to be ' independent from external pressures to conform or favour ' and ' provide a real multi cultural and contemporary australia ' are coming under question .