hillary clinton is deadly serious about attracting young and tech-savvy voters in 2016 , hiring a new digital guru who hails from the world 's most powerful online brand . stephanie hannon , who was the tech giant's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact , will serve as her presidential campaign 's chief technology officer . in that role she will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites , mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state 's brand through the 2016 elections . hannon previously worked on gmail and google maps . she also spent some time at facebook , and also worked for the event-organizing website eventbrite , according to her linkedin profile . scroll down for videos . deadly serious : clinton , 67 , is priming the pump for a digital outreach campaign tailored to the expectations of younger , more tech-savvy voters . second time around : clinton ran unsuccessfully for president in 2008 , but the online landscape has evolved since then . that profile describes her google projects as including ' changing how the world prepares and responds to natural disasters , using big data and experiments to enable cities to make evidenced based decisions and sharing transparent election ballot , candidate and results globally . ' stephanie hannon , director of product management , civic innovation and social impact at google , has come aboard the hillary express as mrs. clinton 's technology guru . seasoned digital talent is in high demand as nearly 20 potential white house hopefuls plan for a 2016 campaign season that will rely heavily on clicks , likes , shares and other indications of a broad reach . every major party candidate will have to navigate the brave new world of online fundraising , too , which president barack obama 's team mastered in 2008 en route to his victory – including a stunning democratic primary upset of clinton . kentucky republican sen. rand paul , who announced his candidacy on tuesday in louisville , poached his tech leader from rival candidate ted cruz late last year . vincent harris , who also helped manicure kentucky sen. mitch mcconnell 's online image during a bruising re-election fight in 2014 , runs his own texas consulting firm with a staff of 20 . his team was responsible for mcconnell 's breakthrough video ' what rhymes with alison lundergan grimes , ' a brief online ad that launched a year-long slap-fest directed at mcconnell 's unsuccessful challenger . in your face : the ' ready for hillary ' super pac has adopted an iconic , mock-worthy photo of clinton on her blackberry as its poster image , laughing off claims that clinton 's infamous private email server will get in the way of her presidential ambitions . poached : vincent harris ( left ) , the rand paul presidential campaign 's digital chief , worked for ted cruz unti lthe kentuckian lured him away . the washington post was first to report clinton 's latest hire . the onetime first lady and former u.s. senator has n't yet launched an official campaign , but an announcement is expected in the next 10 days . her campaign-in-waiting has already signed a lease for two floors of a brooklyn , new york , office building , starting a 15-day countdown for a formal declaration of her candidacy set by the federal election commission . clinton 's staff also includes several key members who came over from the white house . kristina schake was first lady michelle obama 's aide responsible for recasting her as a fun-loving ' everywoman ' through tv appearances on pop-culture shows . she will help transform clinton into a softer , more accessible public figure . white house communications director jen palmieri stepped down this month to helm clinton 's campaign communications team . palmieri has been replaced by jen psaki , the former state department chief spokeswoman . email-gate : south carolina republican rep. trey gowdy has n't let go of demands for clinton 's home-brew email server , which contained her correspondence from the state department until she erased it . it 's unclear whether hannon will be able to help clinton shed her image as a ham-fisted and digitally aloof schemer , a reputation that has followed her since a scandal broke over emails she deleted froma private server she maintained during her years in the obama administration . questions remain about whether clinton acted improperly when she conducted all her state department email communications on a home-brew system completely separate from government computers and the archiving required by federal law . south carolina republican rep. trey gowdy , at the helm of a special congressional committee tasked with investigating the deadly 2012 terror attacks at a state department facility in benghazi , libya , did not respond to a request for comment about the status of the probe into clinton 's emails .