a 16-year-old schoolboy has died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea in the middle of the night . the teenager , named as joshua smith , was plucked from the water by the crew of an raf rescue helicopter and flown to hospital , where he was later pronounced dead . police today said that the teen 's death was not being treated as suspicious , but have referred it to the police watchdog . joshua smith died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea in the coastal town of berwick-upon-tweed in northumberland ( pictured ) . a major air and sea search and rescue operation was launched after emergency services received reports that someone had fallen from the cliff at spittal point , berwick-upon-tweed , northumberland . the coastguard , police , paramedics , firefighters and an raf rescue helicopter were all scrambled to the scene in early hours of easter sunday . police have said they are not treating joshua 's death as suspicious ( file picture ) . rnli station manager , john dunn , said crews used torches from the edge of the cliff in a bid to spot the boy after the alarm was raised at around 2.40am . ' they were just on the edge of the cliff with torches and searchlights trying to spot the guy in the water , ' he told the newcastle chronicle . ' the helicopter was there doing its job and pulled him out of the water pretty quick . ' joshua , from the berwick-upon-tweed area , was plucked from the surf near spittal promenade by a crew from raf boulmer 's search and rescue helicopter and flown to wansbeck general hospital , where he later died . joshua was a rugby enthusiast and played for his local u16 team . he attended berwick academy . friends described him as a ' lovely lad ' who was ' always smiling . ' colin frame said on the berwick rugby club facebook page : ' tragically we lost one of our rugby family last night . ' on behalf of everyone at berwick rugby club , but especially his under 16 coaches and fellow players , we send our sincerest condolences to his family and friends . ' at times like this it is difficult to make sense of the world but at times like this we will pull together as a club to try . rip josh . ‪ # ‎oneclub‬ ' . his headteacher , alexis widdowson , said the school was ' devastated ' by the teenager 's death . ' josh smith was a talented boy who touched the hearts of all those who knew him and he will live on in our memories , ' she reportedly told the berkwick advertiser . ' our thoughts , now , are with his family and closest friends and we offer them our sincerest condolences . ' flowers were also said to have been left at the scene of his cliff fall . a spokesman for northumberland police said : ' at 3.06am police received reports from the ambulance service that a boy had fallen from cliffs at spittal point , berwick . ' emergency services attended along with the rnli and a 16-year-old boy was recovered from the sea . ' he was taken to wansbeck general hospital where he later died . ' enquires are in the early stages to establish the circumstances . ' they added that his death has been referred to the independent police complaints commission ' in line with protocol . '   