hibs , hearts and rangers united in condemnation of the spfl 's decision to move the ibrox club 's final game of the championship season back 24 hours . in a move designed to accommodate broadcasters , rangers will face champions hearts at tynecastle on may 3 — 24 hours after hibs and promotion rivals falkirk and queen of the south play . adamant the final round of fixtures should be played at the same time to avert any competitive advantage for stuart mccall 's side , easter road chief executive leanne dempster and hearts chairwoman ann budge have lodged formal complaints with the league . in a staggering misjudgment of the public mood , however , the spfl issued a statement expressing surprise at the fuss before rangers boss mccall compounded their woe by revealing he also backed hibs ' stance . hibernian are upset that rangers ' final game of the season has been pushed back for tv purposes . ramping up the pressure on spfl chief executive neil doncaster , hibs counterpart leanne dempster said : ' in previous seasons , the league has ensured that all of the final round fixtures are played at the same time . ' i have been in contact with the spfl following its announcement that one final-round fixture would kick off after all the other results are known . ' i have reminded them in very clear terms that — as organisers of the competition — the responsibility for protecting its unimpeachable sporting integrity lies with them . ' on a day when the relationship between broadcasters and scottish football came under unprecedented scrutiny , hearts majority shareholder budge backed up her city rivals . in a statement , budge also queried the ' sporting integrity ' of rangers playing 24 hours after their rivals given they are engaged in a dogfight with hibs for second place . ' this has been done following selection of the game for a live tv broadcast , ' she said . ' while we all knew that this was likely to be a strong candidate for televising and that the time might well change , we did not for one minute think that at this late stage , it would be moved to the sunday , especially given our belief that all championship games would require to be played at the same time . ' on learning of the change , i immediately attempted to contact the spfl and objected in strong terms to the proposed late change to this fixture on the grounds of it having a total disregard for the interests of supporters of both clubs and an apparent disregard for sporting integrity . rangers will play hearts at tynecastle in their final game of the season on may 3 . ' being given 17 days ' notice of this change is extremely disruptive and potentially very expensive for the fans , the sponsors and indeed the club . overseas supporters have been in touch to advise that they will lose substantial amounts on travel ; others have advised of lost earnings , holiday problems , etc . ' none of this is good for any of us and on behalf of the club , i can only apologise . ' when it also became apparent to us that our fixture was the only game to be moved , we were equally alarmed as rightly or wrongly , this casts a shadow over the sporting integrity of the championship . ' while it may not be enshrined in the newly-merged rulebook of the spfl , it is protocol the football world over for fixtures such as the last day of the championship to be played simultaneously . ' to move only one , ( or even two or four ) out of 5 fixtures would seem to be leaving our game wide open to unsavoury accusations . ' i will be sending in a formal complaint to the spfl in relation to this appallingly late decision . it is no wonder that clubs are finding it harder and harder to gain support from their fans when their interests can be so blatantly disregarded , especially at such short notice . ' i am advised that this complaint will likely have no impact on the original decision but nevertheless , i want our supporters to know that we have taken all and any action that we could have and i will further comment on the situation once we have been updated by the league . ' responding to the criticism , however , the spfl rushed out a statement saying it was ' unreasonable ' to expect all championship games to kick off simultaneously . ' in response to recent criticisms of the championship fixture scheduling for the weekend 2/3 may , we 'd like to clarify some specific points . on this weekend , the hearts v rangers match is scheduled for sunday 3 may to be broadcast on television and it is not clear to us why this has caused so much surprise . this is a key game in the championship season and will inevitably attract huge interest from fans around the world . hearts are already promoted from the championship , but they too condemned the fixture change . ' it is unreasonable to expect all championship fixtures that weekend to move to the sunday when a number of them will be unaffected by the hearts v rangers tie . however , as a result of this fixture , all championship clubs have been invited to submit a request should they wish to move games to the sunday . ' to date , we have had no request from hibernian fc to move its fixture to the sunday at the time of writing ( 8.45pm , wednesday 15 april ) . ' we also note speculation that police scotland expressed concern to the spfl about the scheduling of the hearts v rangers match . however , police scotland confirmed to us that there were no security issues with the scheduling of all championship fixtures that weekend . ' whilst we regret any inconvenience to supporters caused by rescheduled fixtures , the circumstances surrounding the matches on the weekend of 2/3 may are in no way unusual . ' after his side drew with livingston last night , however , ibrox manager mccall gave his view , saying : ' first and foremost , we 've not asked for the game to be changed . hibs are complaining about it and rightly so . i 'd be doing exactly the same . i think every game on the last day of the season should be played at the same time . ' but we 've told by the tv , i believe , that it may be the case that the other games are moved to the sunday . i honestly do n't know . it 's nothing to do with us . we 've not asked for that , but if i was in hibs ' position then , yes , i would be annoyed as well . of course . ' i was happy to play on the saturday . we 've not tried to gain any advantage - we 've been told when to play . tv controls a lot of things . if the game definitely has to go ahead on the sunday then can we all then move to the sunday . i 'd be happy with that . i would imagine that it will be changed over the next 24 or 48 hours to play at the same time . it would be only right . '