a california judge has reduced a child rapist 's mandatory 25-year sentence down to only 10 - saying anything longer would be ' cruel and unusual punishment ' . superior court judge m. marc kelly told an orange county jury that 20-year-old kevin jonas rojano-nieto ' did not intend to harm ' the three-year-old girl he raped at his family home in june . the judge said that he was sure that although rojano-nieto sodomized the girl and covered her mouth so she could n't scream out , ' there was no violence or callous disregard for the victim 's well-being ' . controversial : superior court judge m. marc kelly ( seen here with a colleague in 2010 ) has handed a 10-year sentence to a 20-year-old child rapist . the mandatory sentence should be 25-years to life . judge kelly also said rojano-nieto , ' inexplicably became sexually aroused but did not appear to consciously intend to harm the victim . ' prosecutor have said they will appeal the controversial decision and will be pushing for the minimum sentence of 25-years to life to be reinstated . rojano-nieto was found guilty on december 3 of raping the girl who wandered into a garage where he was playing video games . according to the court news service , rojano-nieto said he became aroused by the girl and pulled her pants down to rape her during the sickening attack . while this was going on , he could apparently hear her mother calling out for her , so covered her mouth so she could n't scream back . the girl told her mother after the assault that she was in pain and her mother called the police who found injuries consistent with rape . rapist : kevin jonas rojano-nieto has been sentenced to 10-years behind bars for the rape of a 3-year-old girl . “ although serious and despicable , this does not compare to a situation where a pedophilic child predator preys on an innocent child , ” superior court judge m. marc kelly said according to ktla . deputy district attorney whitney bokosky said she disagrees and will appeal . she said that rojano-nieto knew what he was doing was wrong because he covered the girl 's mouth during the rape so she could n't call out . 