at least 34 people were arrested after hundreds of protesters gathered in new york city on tuesday night to march against police brutality . the march was organized by national actions to stop murder by police . many of the protesters cited the deaths of eric garner in staten island and walter scott in south carolina . the protesters marched from manhattan 's union square and across the brooklyn bridge where they partially blocked traffic . scroll down for video . hundreds of protesters gathered in new york city on tuesday night to march against police brutality . demonstrators climb on the brooklyn bridge during the protest against police brutality . the march was organized by national actions to stop murder by police . stephen davis , the police department 's chief spokesman , said 34 people had been arrested by early evening . many of the protesters cited the deaths of eric garner in staten island and walter scott in south carolina . organizers say tuesday 's protest was one of 28 being held across the country . protesters tried to gain accress to the roadways of the brooklyn bridge , but they were blocked by police . police began making arrests around 4:30 p.m. and by late evening at least 34 people had been arrested . stephen davis , the police department’s chief spokesman , said 34 people had been arrested by 6:40 p.m , reports the new york times . police say an off-duty police officer driving home on the bridge was assaulted by two protesters when he got out of his vehicle to investigate . police say the suspects ran off after he identified himself as a police officer . he was hospitalized with injuries to his face and arm . mayor bill de blasio released a statement condemning the violence - he said it was ' unacceptable and will absolutely not be tolerated . ' traffic was halted as more people gained access to the roads . protesters were angered by fresh cases of police violence against unarmed black men in the united states . ' and any other person who might use the right to peaceful protest as cover to initiate violence , cause mayhem or incite disorder — whether against the police , the people or property of our great city — should consider themselves on notice that new york city will not stand for it . ' last year , two officers were assaulted on the bridge during a protest over garner 's chokehold death . seven people were seen on amateur video pushing , kicking and punching the two officers . five people were later arrested in that assault . organizers say tuesday 's protest was one of 28 being held across the country . the protest started at union square for a 2 p.m. rally and more protesters joined during the march . mayor bill de blasio released a statement condemning the violence - he said it was ' unacceptable and will absolutely not be tolerated ' .