for residents of celoron , n.y. , the statue of hometown icon lucile ball is no laughing matter and has n't been for the past six years . in 2009 the town unveiled a statue of ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror . the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called ' we love lucy ! get rid of this statue ' has attracted more than 600 likes . scroll down for video . for residents of celoron , n.y. , say a statue of hometown icon lucile ball is ' monstrous ' . the statue is based on a famous moment from ball 's show ' i love lucy , ' in which she pitches an intoxicating health tonic while drunk . yahoo reports that the anonymous man behind the page says he 's a ' big fan of lucy 's . ' ' lucille ball was not only an amazing comedienne , but she was a stunning beauty . her sense of humor only made her more beautiful , ” he told the site . ' this statue looks nothing like the beautiful lucy we all know . if for no other reason than that ... the statue should go . ' he added : ' i don’t think this can be repaired . take a look at the beautiful statues nick at nite created for ‘bewitched’ and ‘ the honeymooners’ and bob newhart… it needs to be something more like those . ' artist dave poulin has declined comment . it would cost an estimated $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 for poulin to recast the statue , according to the celoron mayor scott schrecengost . while the organizer said he is a fan of poulin 's work , this time he failed to do his subject justice . artist dave poulin has declined to comment on the controversy surrounding his work . ' i think it looks like a monster . that is just my opinion , ' he told yahoo . ' when you see it at night , it is frightening . ' the statue depicts ball during one of her most loved moments on the pioneering show ' i love lucy , ' her intoxicated pitch for the vitameatavegamin health tonic . the statue was the latest way the town has tried to honor its most famous resident , with the jameston area already home to a lucille ball desi arnaz museum & center for comedy . 