the fiancé of a beloved georgia teacher is speaking out about the night the woman died , as her killer , a high school student , faces multiple charges . alton hines was waiting for his fiancé , 33-year-old leah o'brien at her home on the night of saturday , april 25 , he told wsbtv . ' i had actually just finished putting on a blazer and a bow tie waiting for her to return , ' he said . popular : leah o'brien was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance . fiancé : o'brien 's fiancé , alton hines ( photographed ) , recently spoke out about the night he found out o'brien had been killed . hines was going to escort o'brien to the lakeside high school prom . as he waited for his bride-to-be to return , he received a call from o'brien 's father telling him she had been in a car accident and did n't make it . ' to get a call and find out what had happened , ' hines told wsbtv . ' i just dropped straight to my knees and started to cry . ' passengers : o ' brien ( left ) was driving with her 8-year-old daughter , kori ( right ) at the time of the crash ; kori is in a medically-induced coma . children : the mother-of-two leaves behind two daughters , kori and rachel , 10 ; rachel is staying with relatives . o'brien , a science teacher at the high school located in the atlanta suburb of decatur died at the scene of the crash that night when a car carrying two students on their way to the prom crashed into her hyundai sonata . her 8-year-old daughter kori was in the vehicle at the time and suffered serious injuries . she is now in a medically induced coma . o'brien 's other daughter , rachel , 10 , is staying with relatives . driver : driving the dodge charger that killed the beloved teacher was 19-year-old ramiro pedemonte . charges : decatur police say pedemonte ( center ) was going over 100 mph when he hit o ' brien and is now facing multiple charges . driving the dodge charger that killed the beloved teacher was ramiro pedemonte . decatur police say pedemonte was going over 100 mph when he hit o'brien . the teen was arraigned friday on charges including homicide , reckless driving , and serious injury by motor vehicle , according to 11 alive . pedemonte was driving with an 18-year-old woman at the time of the crash . local resident darnyl katzinger , who lives near the crash scene , said she raced outside to find the two students in shock . aftermath : the wreckage of the teacher 's hyundai sonata which was hit by the student 's dodge charger . revealed : at the arraignment , it was revealed that pedemonte was on probation at the time of the accident with a june 2014 charge of of possession with intent to distribute . she told wsbtv : ' they were very distraught . ' both of them kept repeating , ' why did she have to pull out in front of us ? ' at the arraignment , it was revealed that pedemonte was on probation at the time of the accident with a june 2014 charge of of possession with intent to distribute , 11 alive reports . shock : grief counselors were on hand at lakeside high school on monday . principal jason clyne said the accident was ' beyond my comprehension ' . when the judge set pedemonte 's bail at $ 55,000 , the teen 's relatives hung their heads and cried . hines said that while he is ' deeply saddened ' for pedemonte 's situation , the teen took from him someone that he ' truly loved and cared for and that i was planning to spend the rest of my life with , ' wsbtv reports . a funeral for o ' brien was held saturday at st. phillip ame church in southeast atlanta . the church was filled with flowers , friends , and family members of the popular teacher and mentor . police are continuing to investigate the accident .   