magistrates at rotherham magistrates court took just 15 minutes to find ms gaynor not guilty . a mother-of-two was locked in a police cells for six hours and put on bail for seven months before being put on trial for chopping back tree branches hanging over her garden . karen gaynor appeared at rotherham magistrates court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree , after a complaint was made by her next door neighbour kay daye , as part of a long-running boundary dispute . but magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty , saying that she had acted with good intentions . the court heard how council officials had told ms gaynor that she could trim the tree near her home in rotherham but physically refused to show her how much . however , the prosecution then told of how her pruning of the tree ' went way beyond the lawful excuse ' and caused ' unnecessary damage ' . adam walker , prosecuting , said that any trimming of a tree belonging to someone else could be criminal damage and that ms gaynor had lawful excuse , which she had exceeded . he said : ' in july 2014 , alan hepinstall , a council mediator , visited ms gaynor 's home . ' mr hepinstall told ms gaynor she could cut overhanging branches back vertically and in line with the boundary but did not show the defendant what he meant . ' there remains one disputed issue of fact and that 's the state of the tree before it was pruned . ' neighbour mrs daye then told the court that before the tree had been cut last september , it was in a good condition but after she pruned it , ' it was terrible , all chopped back and dead . ' however , helen shepherd , mitigating , said the conifer had already been dying in the middle which had created a gap but the top of the tree was healthy . ms gaynor confirmed to the court that she had a 90-minute meeting with three council officials at her home last july . she said she asked mr hepinstall to demonstrate how to cut the branches as she ' did n't want to get in any trouble . ' her daughter , hayley , also told the court mr hepinstall refused to show them because he ' did not have the time . ' ms gaynor went voluntarily to main street police station in rotherham following the complaint of criminal damage but said she had been reassured she would not be arrested . she added : ' i did n't have a solicitor with me so i feel i was coaxed in . ' i went into the interview and the police read me my rights . i told them i could not understand what ' rights ' meant . ' then the officer slammed his book shut and said : ' right , i am now going to arrest you ' . ' for all the scandal in rotherham at the moment to think that the police and council have time , money and resources to waste on such a silly thing as a tree is disgusting . ' mr and mrs daye have refused to comment on the case . michael quinn , a senior district prosecutor with the crown prosecution service , yorkshire and humberside , said the incident followed an acrimonious eight-year long neighbour dispute . karen gaynor , next to the hedge that she pruned , that ended up with her being locked in a police cell for six hours , put on bail for seven months and being put on trial for criminal damage . ms gaynor 's neighbour michael daye . a complaint was made about the hedge as part of a long-running boundary dispute . he said : ' the allegation was that the damage to the tree went well beyond pruning and that it had been hacked back to little more than a stump . ' a caution was not available as no admissions to the offending were made and so the police took the decision to charge the suspect . ' we respect the decision of the magistrates ' court and note that it made no criticism of our case . ' under common law , you can cut back a branch from a tree that overhangs or encroaches on your property . the conifer hedge in this case formed the border between the gardens of karen gaynor and her next door neighbours . at dispute was whether she had cut back too much of the hedge . the law allows a householder to carry out limited pruning from their own side . however they are not allowed to trespass on their neighbour’s property or alter the height of trees and hedges . the work must be carried out carefully to avoid damage or cause the tree to be unsafe . the prosecution was brought under a charge of criminal damage . this may have been because prosecutors considered the damage caused to the hedge was intentional and related to a neighbour dispute . rotherham council 's housing and estate services manager paul walsh said the matter of the ' boundary hedge ' would normally have been discussed between neighbours but the ongoing dispute made this impossible . he said : ' ms gaynor was provided with appropriate advice about what she could reasonably and legitimately do . ' clear and concise instructions were given and the officers did not leave until they were satisfied that those instructions were understood . ms gaynor was also advised to act reasonably . ' michael quinn , a senior district prosecutor with the crown prosecution service , yorkshire and humberside , said the incident over the hedge , pictured , followed an acrimonious eight-year long neighbour dispute . the hedge in between ms gaynor and mrs day 's homes . ms gaynor went voluntarily to main street police station in rotherham following the complaint of criminal damage . he said the decision to prosecute was made by the police and cps . while a south yorkshire police spokeswoman said the council had provided them with a statement that demonstrated that permission was not granted for the tree to be cut . she added : ' police received complaints about criminal damage that the complainants felt had been caused intentionally . ' a thorough investigation was conducted that resulted in a woman being charged and brought before the courts . ' 