vassilis was born in a boat . his mother was trying to make it from her home on the island of ammouliani , only a mile across the aegean , to the mainland . but she was too late . and so a boy came into this world at sea , and there was only one life he was fated to live . a snooze in the sunshine : the eagles palace hotel is a fine escape zone for family holidays . today , tall and bronzed , like a warrior from the legions of alexander the great , vassilis is at the wheel of a speedboat thrumming across the sparkling seas off the mount athos peninsula in north-eastern greece . as we fly along like a turbo-charged bronco , dolphins breach the surface and plunge below , and then a sea turtle , almost 5ft long , slides alongside . vassilis 's eyes instinctively scan the water — and then he shouts with delight . the man who has sailed these waters all his life has n't seen a turtle here in 25 years . vassilis is the boatman at the eagles palace , a long-established family hotel designed to look a little like one of the many monasteries further along the coast . it is 90 minutes ' drive from the airport at thessaloniki , along a road that meanders through olive groves and low-lying wooded valleys , into a corner of greece that is a world away from the fleshpots of the party islands far to the south . we are afforded the warmest of welcomes . out of the blue : the eagles palace hotel occupies a pristine location 90 minutes ' drive from thessaloniki . set on tumbling levels down to its own beach , the hotel is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants ( serving food and wine from local farms , vineyards and its very own olive grove ) , cooling courtyards , beach bars and a large saltwater pool . the beach itself shelves gently into water , which is astonishingly clear because the aegean sweeps into the bay and then out again every 20 minutes . there is a kids ' club , though it seems more suited to children younger than our son , mike , 11 , and daughter alice , seven . pavlos is the man if you want to take out a sea kayak or do some light paddle-boarding or more strenuous mountain-biking . taken for a ride : guests can head out on jetskis - although watersports at the hotel are not entirely cheap . unlike most dudes you meet at a watersports hut , he has an mba from new york - oh , and he runs ultra-marathons , too . he does a brilliant job of shepherding mike on his first sea kayak outing , helping him to steer his boat nimbly around rocks jutting from the sea bed . pavlos has just introduced a specialist course for children , which will see them developing their skills on the water as the week goes on . if pavlos is the urbane young face of adventure sports , mr dinos , the watersports supremo , is the salty sea dog who looks as though he might have sailed in his youth with odysseus . crucial credentials : eagles palace is an awarded member of the small luxury hotels of the world group . crinkly blue eyes smile out from under his weather-beaten cap as he waves his walnut arm and asks : ' what will it be today ? ' mind you , the watersports do n't come cheap - €70 for two people for ten minutes ' parasailing , and €50 for quarter of an hour on a jet ski . but , hey , you 're on holiday . while alice yells to go faster on the jet ski , mike chooses the more sedate but vertiginous thrills of parasailing . as he is winched up into the piercing blue sky attached to a harness in front of his nervous mum , his face cracks into a huge grin and , despite his legs jiggling around like a demented frog , he calls it the ' best fun ever ' . a place to let a week slide by : the hotel has a gently shelving beach lapped by the aegean sea . this area of greece is known for its astonishing panoply of monasteries . prince charles is a regular visitor , spending time in the company of the monks in the simonos petras monastery , which crouches on top of a rock high above the sea . such is said to be charles 's fascination with the greek orthodox religion that he has installed byzantine art in his highgrove garden . far above the twinkling domes , on the peak of mount athos itself , sits a stone building . who would build a chapel on top of a mountain 6,000ft high , i wonder out loud ? ' they have faith , ' vassilis tells me later . then , he recounts the story of the monk who tumbled over a cliff face and plunged 150 metres straight down . surely , his fellows thought , he is dead . but he dusted himself off and trundled back up the hill . miraculous , you might say . a view like few others : the simonos petras monastery towers some 800 feet above the aegean sea . one morning , pavlos takes us boys on bikes into the town of ouranoupoli - where an ancient watchtower stands sentinel above seafront tavernas . then we head out along a gravel track . here , trees heavy with wild figs strain over the roadside and olive trees offer dappled corners of shade . and at the end of the path ? a monastery which is probably 10th century , and the first of all those built along this peninsula . it is a reminder of the history which seeps through the earth in this land - and courses through the veins of vassilis and the other descendants of the ancients who shaped this greek marvel . seven nights at eagles palace hotel ( 0030 23770 311014 , www.eaglespalace.gr ) for a family of four costs from £1,628 on a half-board basis , including flights and transfers . 