the mother of the man slain by aaron hernandez is moving forward with a civil lawsuit against him and her lawyer said the former new england patriots player will be called to testify at the trial . ursula ward , the mother of odin lloyd , wants to look hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit . according to attorney doug sheff . hernandez , who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $ 40million contract , was convicted april 15 of first-degree murder for killing lloyd on june 17 , 2013 . scroll down for video . suing her son 's murderer : ursula ward , the mother of odin lloyd , at a press conference on wednesday about the civil suit she has filed . killer and his victim : hernandez ( left ) was found guilty of first-degree murder parole in the 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd ( right ) . distressing : ward ( right ) , is comforted by her attorney , douglas sheff ( left ) , at their conference in boston , massachusetts . sheff , who called lloyd 's death an unthinkable loss said : ' she wants to ask what happened . ward said her son , 27 , was ' loved my many ' . ' very simple : ' what happened ? ' ' and the next question : ' why ? ' ward said during a press conference on wednesday : ' the day i learned my son was shot and killed , i thought my life ended with his . ' i always wished i was there to take those bullets for odin . ' she did not address or take questions about the lawsuit but focused her comments on her love for her son . ' odin was loved by many , ' she said . ' odin will be missed tremendously . ' sheff said it was possible he would call patriots officials , including owner bob kraft , to testify if he thought their testimony would be ' relevant ' , according to the boston herald . he said : ' we will also call different witnesses in the civil case , including mr aaron hernandez . ' when we do he will no longer be able to hide behind any sort of fifth amendment rights against self-incrimination because he is already convicted of the crime . ' no one wants to unnecessarily disturb any professional or anybody , but if it is important and it is part of zealously representing our client , then we will do what we have to . ' wealthy : hernandez ( no . 81 ) had already been paid more than $ 9.2million of his $ 40million deal at the time of the murder . pain and relief : ward seen reacting to the guilty verdict for hernandez after his trial at bristol county superior court in april . the team was originally named in the suit , but the organization was dismissed after agreeing any money released to hernandez would be granted to the lloyd family , boston.com reported . the patriots terminated their contract with hernandez shortly after he was charged and team lawyers have said new england does not owe the 25-year-old ' another penny ' . he had already been paid more than $ 9.2million of his $ 40million deal and the nfl players association filed a grievance on his behalf seeking in additional $ 6.2million in guaranteed money . they are awaiting the outcome of the grievance said donald grady , another of ward 's lawyers . the patriots and ward 's lawyers have agreed that if it is determined the team owes him more money , it will not pay hernandez but will instead hold onto the money and alert them and the court . the lawsuit seeking unspecified damages was filed in december 2013 but was put on hold during the criminal trial . while an appeal is automatic in the criminal case , sheff said he plans to file papers in the next few weeks to resume the lawsuit so he can hunt down hernandez 's assets . one asset they do know about is his home in north attleborough , which is assessed at $ 1.2million . hernandez 's fiancee and two-year-old daughter live there . shaneah jenkins , a second-year criminal law student and the sister of hernandez 's fiancee , was dating lloyd . ward said : ' i always wished i was there to take those bullets for odin . odin will be missed tremendously ' . former new england patriots nfl football player hernandez , 27 , seen during his murder trial ( file photo ) . sheff said that he 's not confident hernandez has any money left after defending himself in the criminal trial but that hernandez clearly made millions during his career . he said lloyd 's family is n't in it for the money because no amount can compensate for their loss . lloyd , 27 , was dating the sister of hernandez 's fiancee . hernandez picked him up and drove him to an industrial park near his home , where lloyd was shot six times . hernandez 's lawyer , john fitzpatrick , did not immediately return a message seeking comment . his client , who is also facing criminal murder charges and being sued in civil court in connection to a 2012 double murder , was moved to souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley , massachusetts , on wednesday . the patriots , who won their fourth super bowl in february , will visit the white house on thursday . april 28 , 2007 - police called after hernandez , a university of florida football player , punches a waiter at a bar . september 2007 - hernandez questioned after two men shot in drive-by shooting in florida after fight with hernandez at club . august 30 , 2008 - hernandez suspended for one game after testing positive for smoking marijuana . june 8 , 2010 - hernandez inks deal with new endland patriots after being drafted in the fourth round . february 5 , 2012 - played in super bowl xlvi . july 16 , 2012 - two immigrants from cape verde are shot dead in the car in south boston . hernandez suspected . hernandez is also accused of murdering daniel de abreu ( left ) and safiro furtado ( right ) in 2012 in boston . august 27 , 2012 - patriots sign hernandez to five-year , $ 37.5million contract extension . november 2012 - hernandez 's fiance shayanna jenkins gives birth to their daughter , avielle janelle . february 13 , 2013 - hernandez allegedly shoots friend in the eye outside miami strip club after argument . june 17 , 2013 - odin lloyd gunned down in an industrial lot near hernandez 's home . june 26 , 2013 - hernandez arrested and charged with lloyd 's murder . june 26 , 2013 - patriots kick hernandez off team within 90 minutes of arrest announcement . may 5 , 2014 - hernandez charged with beating fellow inmate and threatening a jail guard . may 15 , 2014 - hernandez indicted for double-murder in south boston . january 29 , 2015 - odin lloyd murder trial begins . april 15 , 2015 - sentenced to life in prison without parole after conviction on murder and weapons charges in lloyd 's death .