while the 3pm slump has most of us reaching for a chocolate bar , the sugar crash that comes afterwards , and the guilt , can ruin the enjoyment . but chocoholics can now get their fix guilt-free , as a raw foodie has developed healthy spins on all the classic chocolate bars . taline gabrielian , 33 , of sydney 's northern beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites , including mars bars , snickers , bounty , twix and cherry ripe , and published the recipes through her best-selling food app , hippie lane . scroll down for the recipe . mars mania : fans of the mars bar can now enjoy the guilt-free version , with raw recipes by taline gabrielian . choc-full of goodness : no need to count calories or sneaky this mars bar , it 's sugar-free , vegan and dairy-free . with 129,000 instagram followers and the hippie lane app consistently sitting in the top three of ' most popular food and drink ' apps on itunes since its release in january , gabrielian attributes all her success to the re-imagining of sweet tooth favourites . ' it was definitely my tactic . i thought the best way to grow the business and inspire a healthy lifestyle was to offer people something they understand , that looks and tastes like the real deal , ' the mother of two told daily mail australia . gabrielian , who began stocking raw treats in local cafes and photographing them , only realised the serious demand for her sweet treats when she reached 80,000 followers within a year . healthy hippy : taline gabrielian said her choc bars satisfy her , even though she grew up on nutella and milo . twix treats : ' i always crave something after dinner , so these twix bars still give me the same satisfaction ' . ' they just loved that i was portraying healthy versions of the chocolates they knew and loved . they were commenting saying `` does it really taste like a mars bar ? , '' and basically just wanted a piece of the pie , ' she said . while her app has 50 recipes in total , the classic top five favourite bars are by far her most popular , according to gabriel . but she says her mint slice , caramel and choc cheesecake are also go down a treat too . while the chocolates are all classified as raw , vegan , refined sugar-free and dairy-free , gabriel assured dma that this in no way means ' fun or taste-free ' , people are sold by her recipes . cherry on top : gabriel recreated the classic cherry ripe bar for those who like a fruity take on chocolate . ' i began competitions early on ( on her instagram ) to remake my treats and convince them it 's the real deal and the recipes work . and they loved them , saying ' this is the best peppermint slice i 've ever tried and knocking on my door wanting more . ' gabriel shares her top substitutes to eat healthy sweet treats ... 1 . swap sugar for ... rice malt syrup . ' it 's derived from brown rice and is milled down until it becomes syrup . ' 2 . swap caramel for ... nut butters . ' i will mix almond butter with tahini , coconut oil and dates . ' 3 . swap flour for ... nut meal . ' when making a biscuit base i like to use a mix of walnuts and almond meal ' . 4 . swap chocolate for ... cacao powder . ' i make chocolate by mixing cacao powder , coconut oil and maple syrup . ' 5 . swap butter for ... coconut oil . as a self-proclaimed chocoholic who grew up on a diet of milo and nutella , gabriel knows what those with a sweet tooth expect , but ever since she converted to healthy versions , she 's never looked back . ' i always crave something after lunch or dinner , i get a sugar rush - we all need it . but i still get the same feeling having one of my twix bars . ' ' once in blue moon i will try a normal chocolate bar again and it’s sickly sweet . but once you cut all the bad sweets and find healthy replacements there 's no reason to go back . ' for gabriel , her main criterion for all her chocolate bars are that they are beautiful tasting , using simple ingredients , easy to make , familiar to her followers and have a ' feel good ' taste factor . new to the raw baking scene ? rest assured , gabriel said all her recipes are easy - all it requires is stocking up on a pantry of new ingredients . while she admits some of the recommended swaps like coconut oil , rice malt syrup and cacao can be expensive to begin with , once you have them , they will be on high rotation - so you get your money 's worth . ready to satisfy your sweet tooth cravings ? try gabriel 's bounty ball recipe below . bounty of goodness : gabriel said the coconut in these bounty balls will transport you to a tropical island . my absolute favourite chocolate of all time , expect a coconut-rich flavoured chocolate that will make you feel like you 've been transported to a tropical paradise . it ' also as clean as they come . ingredients . 1/2 cup ( 75g ) cashews , soaked . 3 tbsp coconut cream . 1 1/2 ( 120g ) cups desiccated coconut . 3 tbsp coconut oil . 3 tbsp rice malt syrup . chocolate . 1/2 cup ( 120ml ) coconut oil . 1/2 cup ( 55g ) cacao powder . 1/3 cup ( 80ml ) maple syrup . method . serves - 8 . preparation time - 30 minutes .  