david bulman ( pictured ) left his wife lubova with a black eye after repeatedly punching her in the face . a bad-tempered managing director repeatedly punched his wife in the face after he shouted at her for not doing the ironing . david bulman , 55 , and his wife lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing . his wife threw all his shirts outside , but he followed her and shouted at her before he pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face . neighbours called the police after bulman drove away , damaging a gate post and a van , leaving his frightened wife with a black eye and a lump on her head . bulman was given a 12-month community order after he pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm at bristol crown court . recorder jim tindal also ordered bulman to complete rehabilitation and programme requirements , and not to intimidate , harass or pester his wife . he said : ' as a result of an argument in which things were said on both sides you lost your temper , you lost control and you behaved appallingly . ' you punched your partner several times and got into your car . ' you hit a wall and your blood was up . you were not thinking straight and as a result your partner sustained unpleasant injuries . ' he added : ' we sometimes say behaviour is out of character . ' sometimes the public is a little bit sceptical about that , but in your case it is true . ' you have had almost 40 years of keeping out of trouble in which you have been running a business , employing people and participating in society in a number of ways . ' the court heard bulman , from clevedon , north somerset , met his wife via a dating website in 2011 and they lived in a small hotel before she fell pregnant . bristol crown court ( pictured ) heard that bulman , from clevedon , north somerset , met his wife via a dating website . julian howells , prosecuting , said the ' defendant was doing less ' and the relationship deteriorated . bad tempered : the managing director was given a 12-month community order after he pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm . he was also ordered not to intimidate , harass or pester his wife . julian howells , prosecuting , said the ' defendant was doing less ' and the relationship deteriorated , with the pair arguing and her mentioning his ' personal habits ' . they argued about the ironing and he attacked her , before leaving in his car from their home in clevedon . sam jones , defending , said bulman had not been in trouble with the law for 30 years and had suffered a stroke a number of years ago . he added : ' these proceedings have had a punitive element for him . he shows deep remorse and very real upset at the breakdown of the relationship with his wife . ' mr bulman is a successful businessman , the managing director of a company in bristol . ' it has a significant turnover . he is a director and they employ 15 people . ' bulman was also ordered to pay £500 compensation , £260 court costs and a £60 victim surcharge and as he left court the recorder told him : ' the onus is on you to keep your temper . '