for most of us , the dream of a holiday home is one that will probably never be realised . but for the lucky minority with a few extra million in the bank , its seems the world is quite literally your oyster when looking for property around the world . from a lake garda mansion with a pool overlooking the water to an italian villa that looks like a castle and an antigua retreat with giorgio armani as a neighbour , these are some of the most spectacular holiday homes on the market at the moment . on the lombardy side of lake garda , this lionard property is a luxurious villa with one serious waterfront view . lake garda . on the lombardy side of lake garda , in northern italy , lies a luxury villa with a view - just several miles north of brescia . and for €18 million ( about £13 million or $ 20 million ) it can all be yours . not only is there a large swimming pool looking out on the water , but also a large deck with plenty of space for sun beds , gazebos and al fresco dining spots , overlooking a 4000 square metre garden . inside , the house is just as breathtaking . for about 18 million euros ( or £13 million ) , the modern home , complete with pool , gazebo , and al fresco dining options , can be yours . inside , all of the bedrooms and common spaces are decorated in a stylish colour scheme of white , ivory and gold . crystal chandeliers dot the ceilings and other high-end touches , like valuable works of art , line the walls in the lounges . there is even a large wine cellar , complete with glass walls and plenty of storage , sure to satisfy the most discerning collectors . open air spaces and bright rooms boast a contemporary feel and high-end touches add a little extra luxury . crystal chandeliers dot the ceiling , valuable works of art line the walls and there is even a large wine cellar , which is sure to satisfy the most discerning collectors . a fitness area , spa and basement level garage with garden entrance all also help to put this holiday home over the top . hameau du temple , located near uzes , in the south of france , is the perfect provencal family summer home . hameau du temple . for those looking for a charming provencal holiday home , this four-bedroom villa is the perfect property . located near uzes , in the south of france , the stone exterior , which is local to the region , is as charming as it is authentic . outside , a large pool is great for families with children looking to keep cool in the hot summer days . the landscaped back garden is as charming as the home itself , with a large pool overlooking the local vineyards . the village of garrigues ste eulalie is quintessentially quaint , boasting provencal style houses and churches , as well as plenty of olive trees and vineyards . take a stroll into town and you 'll also find a boulangerie , restaurant and tennis courts . although when your landscaped back garden overlooks the local vineyards , there 's really no reason to leave . the home is currently listed for €775,000 or about £554,000 or $ 853,000 . in umbria , a stately italian villa , which was built around a 15th century watch tower , is currently on the market for €12 million ( £8.6 million ) . umbria . the original construction of this stately italian villa was built around a 15th century watch tower . having been owned and taken care of by noble and prominent families throughout the years , the prestigious home has maintained its charm through the ages . the original stone tower still exists , and has been merged with the rest of the home , offering breathtaking views of the rolling hills of umbria . there is also an impressive 11 hectare garden complete with fountains , a swan pond , a small amphitheatre , and gazebo . there is also an impressive 11 hectare garden complete with fountains , a swan pond , a small amphitheatre and a gazebo . inside , the details are similarly as thoughtfully considered , with colourful frescoes , medieval accents and marble tiles . stroll through the property 's lush gardens and you 'll come across an outdoor swimming pool and relaxation area . inside , the details are equally as thought out , with plenty of colourful frescoes , medieval decorations and marble tiles . the massive home has 10 suites , each with its own private bathroom , as well as several lounges , a billiards room and library . on the property , which is currently for sale at €12 million ( or about £8.6 million/ $ 13 million ) there is also a farm and several farm houses . for those looking for a more exotic locale , villas valriche in domain del bel ombre , mauritius , is just the ticket . villas valriche . for holiday home buyers looking for somewhere a bit more exotic , villas valriche in domaine del bel ombre in mauritius is just the ticket . currently , in development , there will soon be 288 mauritian plantation style villas set across 525 acres of lush , tropical grounds . and , of course , the development overlooks the crystal clear indian ocean waters . currently in development , the complex will soon boast 288 plantation style villas set among a protected nature reserve . the villa plots vary in size - anywhere from 700 to 2,000 square metres - but all are situated among a protected nature reserve . the properties are fully customisable and buyers will be able to choose number of bedrooms , sea or golf course views and to hand-pick their fixtures and fittings . all homes , which start at at $ 659,000 ( or about £427,000 ) will also come with a large terrace and infinity pool . for truly unbelievable mediterranean sea views , this luxury villa in sardinia is the a dream purchase for the ultra-rich property buyer . sardinia . for breathtaking mediterranean sea views that can not be beat , lionard 's luxury villa in sardinia is the ultimate indulgence . the magnificent home overlooks one of the most beautiful bays on the island and was a former summer residence for european royalty until the 1940s . today , despite having been updated with all the latest technologies and comforts , the prestigious property has managed to retain its aristocratic charm of yesteryear . with a pool overlooking the rocky ocean cliffs below , the magnificent home also boasts a helipad for direct arrivals and departures . now decorated in airy white and cream colours , the house was a former summer residence for european royalty until the 1940s . there are both indoor and outdoor seawater swimming pools on site , as well as spa facilities and a turkish bath - for a cool £24 million . there are both indoor and outdoor seawater swimming pools on site , as well as spa facilities with sauna , turkish bath and jacuzzi . with 21 bedrooms and 3 suites , decorated in breezy white and cream colours , each room is every bit as elegant as its former residents . offering total privacy and security , the home is surrounded on three sides by the sea and also has a helipad for direct arrivals and departures . the home is currently listed for €30 million , just less than $ 39 million or about £24 million . in antigua , the picturesque villa nicobar , with its open floor plan and stunning caribbean sea views , is on the market for £2.5 million . villa nicobar . in antigua , the picturesque villa nicobar , with its bright , airy interiors overlooking the caribbean sea , is currently on the market for $ 3.9 million ( or about £2.5 million/ $ 3.8 million ) . the exceptional savills property is located in the exclusive galley bay heights and boasts an underground rock wine cellar , open plan seating area and four en suite bedrooms . and , of course , they all have their own rainfall showers and terraces . located in the exclusive gallery bay heights , the neighbours , which include giorgio armani , are just as stylish as the property itself . sprawling over 7,500 square feet , there is as much outdoor living space as there is indoor space , including a large table for al fresco dining , a terrace , jacuzzi and infinity pool . there is also an exotic garden to enjoy , which has mango , lime and banana trees for the buyer 's use . with its stylish european accents and stunning views , it 's no surprise that the neighbours , which include giorgio armani , are as stylish as the home itself . just a few kilometres from florence sits an historic villa on a hilltop overlooking the river arno . florence . just a few kilometres from florence sits an historic villa on one of the hilltops overlooking the river arno . the complex , which dates back to the 16th century , constitutes a manor house and other buildings , such as the keepers lodgings and a lemon conservatory . a large wooded area surrounds and shelters this property , which looks almost too good to be true , and plenty of parks and gardens , as well as tree-lined alleys , vineyards and olive groves . the complex dates back to the 16th century and constitutes a manor house , as well as keepers lodgings and a lemon conservatory . there is also an impressive manicured garden to explore boasting tree-lined alleys , vineyards and even olive groves . the large lounge spaces are complete with stunning fixtures , like this fireplace , and the entire home retails for €38 million ( $ 42 million ) . the main villa , which sprawls over three levels and 2,800 square metres , features a grand entrance , large lounge library and fitness room . but it 's the house 's 'dell-orologio ' or ' clock 's terrace , ' which overlooks the city of florence , which is truly the property 's focal point . the home 's clock facade , another defining feature , was added upon request in the early 1990s and has seen great lengths taken to restore and maintain such a unique exterior accent .