a woman who had stars tattooed on her face says she has no choice other than to claim benefits worth £14,000-a-year because no one will employ her . kay bennett , 33 , from swindon , says the tattoos , which were done when she was 24 , have turned her into a jobless recluse . ' until they are removed , i won’t be able to find a job and will be stuck on benefits , ' says miss bennett , who resigned from her last role because she felt ' left out ' by colleagues , and is now hoping someone will step forward and offer to pay for her to have laser removal . benefits : kay bennett , 33 , from swindon , says she ca n't get a job because of her six facial tattoos . ‘ i can’t afford to have it done but i’m absolutely desperate to get rid of them , ' says miss bennett , who claims she has applied for 40 jobs in the last year but without success . ' i hope my nightmare will make anyone think twice about having such visible tattoos especially on your face , neck or hands , ' she says . ' i am well spoken but as soon as people see me they think i’m rough and common . people take one look at me , see the stars and automatically think i’m a criminal or on drugs . 'i’ve applied for 40 jobs in the last year alone . but as soon as i turn up for an interview i can see that person looking at the stars on my face . ' as soon as they see those stars , and the other tattoos on my neck and hands , their mind is made up . they are not going to employ me . ’ tough : she says she has applied for more than 40 jobs but has had no success because of her 18 tattoos . embarrassed : her six facial tattoos have left her embarrassed and as a result , she suffers from depression . removal : she says she wants a well-wisher to pay for laser treatment - and will have to stay on benefits until then . her handouts , which total £14,000 a year , include an employment and support allowance of £360 a fortnight and housing benefit of £400-a-month . she also gets sick money because she suffers from depression , the result , she says , of tattoo-related comfort eating that has caused her go up three dress sizes from a 12 to an 18 . another great upset is caused by being unable to find a boyfriend , which miss bennett says is also down to the inkings . ' i only attract bad boys , ' she admits . ' nice guys don’t fancy me because of my tattoos . ’ in an ironic twist , the 33-year-old , who has 18 tattoos in total , says she got her first one as a means of boosting her confidence , which had been knocked by school bullies . ' i thought if i had tattoos i would look hard and people would think twice before picking on me , ' she explains . old life : miss bennett pictured before getting the tattoos and before gaining six stone . changing shape : she blames the tattoos for causing her to shoot up from a size 12 ( left ) to a size 18 ( right ) . over the next six years she got further tattoos done on her arms and neck , but easily found work as a security guard . then , aged 24 , she decided to have six stars tattooed on her face - much to her parents and her employers ' horror . it took her eight years to find another job , this time as a dog sitter . but after a few months , she resigned when other staff failed to invite her on a night out . ‘ i started off working as a volunteer and people got to know me , ' explains miss bennett . ' but other staff were wary of me because of how i look . ' i didn’t get invited out with them and i was so upset i had to resign . ’ since then she has been unable to find another job and has spiralled into depression . ‘ i can’t go out because i feel everyone is staring at me , ’ she says . ‘ i come from a middle class family . my dad is an estimator , my sister is a social worker and my mum works in admin . [ but ] people judge me on my looks and rarely bother to get to know me . ’