former arsenal and england defender sol campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote in next month 's general election . campbell has joined forces with homeland actor david harewood , musician tinie tempah and paralympic medallist//television presenter ade adepitan . the campaign , run by operation black vote , features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on april 20 . sol campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote for the general election . ex-england star campbell retired from football in 2012 and is considering a career in politics . campbell , 40 , last month ruled out standing for the conservatives in kensington after sir malcolm rifkind announced he would be standing down . at the time he said his ' ambitions lie elsewhere in the political arena ' which led to speculation he could run for london mayor . campbell posed for a photograph with his face coloured white alongside the caption , ' if you do n't register to vote , you 're taking the colour out of britain . ' and on launching the campaign , harewood said : ' what it brilliantly illustrates is that if you do n't register to vote , you are quite literally taking all the vibrancy we have in our community off the table . ' if you do n't register to vote , politicians do n't really care about you , politicians are n't really caring about what you have to say , what you have to do , anything . campbell won 73 caps for his country , scoring one goal over the space of nine years . ' the only way they talk to you is if you register to vote . that is when you become an important part of the electorate . ' operation black vote also launched a 2015 general election manifesto with the aim of ' reclaiming democracy , empowering citizens and fighting race equalities ' . it says that in the past black and minority ethnic ( bme ) groups presented a broad range of ' key policy demands ' to all parties , but adds : ' our experience shows that whilst all parties express interest in our proposals during elections , this interest soon evaporates once in power . ' instead obv has created a list of manifesto points of its own , including automatic voter registration linked to the national insurance system , the introduction of e-voting and proportional representation , voting from the age of 16 , state funding of parties and a ' minister for race equality ' in the cabinet . posters featuring david harewood and tinie tempa in a new campaign to encourage minorities to register . former paralympian and current tv presenter ade adepitan is also part of the operation black vote campaign . 