atletico madrid 's vicente calderon has long been a fortress with no team scoring there in the champions league for 663 minutes . last season the now chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois was the reason for that but now the man keeping the clean sheets is jan oblak . sportsmail looks at the 22-year-old who has made atletico fans forget about courtois ... and david de gea . no one knew too much about him last season outside of portugal and slovenia so was it a gamble ? you only have to look at his price tag to see how highly-rated he was . he cost €16million ( £11.5m ) and that is a la liga record for a goalkeeper . the 22-year-old was already slovenia 's number one when he left benfica for madrid in the summer . with experienced goalkeepers such as petr cech and pepe reina potentially available , going for a young relatively untried keeper looked a gamble but he already looks to have been money well spent . atletico madrid goalkeeper jan oblak made a big save to deny gareth bale in the early minutes . oblak gets down low to keep out a shot from real madrid 's james rodriguez in the second half . a success right from the start of the season ? no . simeone likes to ease in new signings especially when they are young and 31-year-old miguel moya was signed from getafe in the close season as back-up . but the back-up became first choice because oblak had a right hip injury in pre-season and was n't 100 per cent when the campaign started . moya played in the league with oblak coming in for champions league games but in his first match in europe he conceded three goals from three shots . he has recovered brilliantly and now the clamour is for him to start all matches . cristiano ronaldo is thwarted in his attempt to open the scoring against rivals atletico madrid . he has convinced everyone in madrid ? simeone 's number two mono burgos is a big fan . the argentine is a former atletico keeper and although he does n't train the goalkeepers he is convinced atletico have found someone who can keep goal for them for years to come . pablo vercellone who is the club 's keeping coach is just as excited and even iker casillas is a fan . the real madrid keeper said after tuesday 's game : ' he was fantastic in the first 45 minutes . we deserved more reward from all the chances we had but we did n't get it because he played so well . ' oblak put in an impressive performance for atletico against their great rivals madrid on tuesday . and it really was a very special first half . atletico have not allowed a team to get six shots on target in one half of football all season but he stopped them all . he also made two more stops in the second half when most of the football was being played at the other end and he had to stay awake . has he fitted into the dressing room ? he speaks some english , some portuguese , and some spanish so he can make himself understood without problems . still only 22 and living his first year in spain he is predictably introverted but has a strong enough personality to impose himself on his defence . oblak stops bale 's attempt on goal during the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday . other strengths ? we saw the shot stopping on wednesday but his distribution is also a weapon for atletico . they were camped in their own half in the first 45 minutes against real unable to get their passing going . oblak 's long – and importantly accurate – throws and kicks forward to mario mandzukic were an important release . how good can he become ? so good he 'll be sold ? atletico have already lost two brilliant keepers in de gea who they could only keep for one season and courtois who they were not able to take from chelsea . they will not want to lost oblak and with foreign investment from the wanda group in china the club does not have to sell it 's best players – he 's at atletico for good . atletico lost two brilliant keepers in de gea and courtois but the future looks bright with oblak . 