the founder and ceo of chobani has settled a lawsuit filed by his ex-wife , who laid claim to half the $ 2 billion greek yogurt empire . hamdi ulukaya was once a turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the u.s. food industry . his american-born ex , dr. ayse giray , sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $ 500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality . on april 10 , after years of wrangling and a pronouncement by giray 's camp just last month that the parties were no where near an agreement , ulukaya settled for an unknown sum . settled : hamdi ulukaya , the founder and ceo of chobani , has settled a lawsuit filed by his ex-wife , who laid claim to half the $ 2 billion greek yogurt empire . the settlement came just before manhattan supreme court justice saliann scarpulla was due to rule on whether giray could retroactively be named a shareholder in chobani 's predecessor company , a feta cheese operation called euphrates . giray first sued ulukaya in 2012 for a 53 percent stake in the company . the two were married just two years in the 1990s and ulukaya 's company was not an issue in their divorce , according to the new york post . yogurt boom : giray first sued ulukaya in 2012 for a 53 percent stake in the company . the two were married just two years in the 1990s and ulukaya 's company was not an issue in their divorce . however , in early 2015 , court documents revealed that giray was basing at least part of her claim on scribbled handwritten notes her lawyers were ' confirmation that monies were provided . ' ulukaya wrote the notes off as mere ' family expenses . ' nonetheless , his camp settled rather than leave themselves open to losing assets worth $ 1 billion to giray . but even with this suit behind him , ulukaya still has business problems ahead of him . since early this year , chobani has been considering replacing him as ceo , the new york post reported , citing people familiar with the matter . one of the primary reasons for the removal of ulukaya , who founded the company , is a product recall in 2013 that led to negative ebitda of $ 87 million in the fourth quarter , the paper reported , citing internal documents it reviewed . the recall was a result of bad design and layout incorporated during the construction of the company 's $ 450 million idaho factory , and due to lack of training for workers , the post reported . ulukaya , who built the factory , kept a lot of his key executives in the dark as they continued to spend freely amid mounting losses and increasing chaos at the factory , the report said . private-equity firm tpg invested $ 750 million in the new berlin , new york-based company last year to save it from the cash crunch arising as a result of the problems at idaho . nick of time : the settlement came just before manhattan supreme court justice saliann scarpulla was due to rule on whether giray could retroactively be named a shareholder in chobani 's predecessor company , a feta cheese operation called euphrates . 