a spanish priest has stunned viewers and judges on a talent show with his remarkable rendition of angels . father damian maria montes , 29 , from madrid , was appearing on the spanish version of the voice when he belted out the robbie williams 1997 ballad while donning his priest 's collar . as he launched himself into the chorus , the audience whooped with delight as the judges sat wide-eyed in amazement . scroll down for video . shock performance : father damian maria montes belts out the 1997 robbie williams classic , stunning viewers and judges on the spanish version of the voice . after finishing his stunning performance , the redemptorist missionary claimed he had been singing since he was 16 years old and had always wanted to be a musical artist . but he claimed he turned to the church first as he wanted to ' make sense of life ' . he said : ' my goal is to convey through music all the love in the world . ' viewer carlos carrasco , 26 , said : ' angels is one of my favourite songs of all time and i never thought i 'd hear a better version than robbie 's . but this priest blew me away . ' another , maria navarro , 22 , said : ' when he started singing there was such beautiful innocence in his voice i felt myself moved to tears . ' lofty dreams : father montes claimed he had been singing since he was 16 years old and had always wanted to be a musical artist . talented clergyman : the priest said he turned to the church before chasing his singing dream as he wanted to ' make sense of life ' . meanwhile , show judge antonio orozco , 42 , joked : ' i could help you to win the voice if you help me get into heaven , because i do not have any points yet in that contest . ' now the singing priest has been compared to italian nun sister christina who shot to fame after appearing in the italian version of the voice performing an alicia keys song . footage of the nun belting out hit single no one in full habit racked up 30 million hits on youtube in just seven days . sister cristina , who grew up in a small town outside palermo , got her first taste of stardom aged 17 when she was offered the starring role in a musical put on by an order of nuns about their founder st ursula . the singing priest has been compared to italian nun sister christina who shot to fame after appearing in the italian version of the voice performing an alicia keys song . sister cristina scuccia stunned judges on the italian version of the voice last year with her version of alicia keys song no one . the footage racked up 30-million hits on youtube in just seven days .