a british former car mechanic who joined the islamic state as an explosives expert and sniper has shared chilling images of his new high-tech bomb-making factory in syria . hamayun tariq , a divorced 37-year-old who was born and raised in dudley in the west midlands , shared four images on twitter of a room where he claims to make devices known as ieds . components are seen organised on shelves and instruction manuals and bomb-making equipment neatly laid out on work surfaces in the room , which the father-of-two says he hopes will emerge as ' the best electronics lab in the islamic state ' . scroll down for video . well-equipped : british former car mechanic hamayun tariq - who joined the islamic state as an explosives expert and sniper - has shared chilling images of his new high-tech bomb-making factory in syria . boastful : components are seen organised on shelves in the room , which the father-of-two says he hopes will emerge as ' the best electronics lab in the islamic state ' . tariq 's social media presence rarely last longer than a few days before being suspended as he specialises in posting detailed instructions on how to build bombs . despite already doing the same on his latest account , the militant has been able to share images of his bomb-making factory , where he boastfully claims to spend time ' producing sophisticated ieds ' . terror : hamayun tariq is a divorced , 37-year-old father-of-two who was born and raised in dudley . tariq - who uses the nom de guerre abu muslim al-britani - has methodically arranged the room into areas for building bombs and areas to check their function . he clearly uses expensive equipment , including high-tech microscopes , laptops and radiation testers while building the ieds and detailed bomb-making manuals are dotted around the factory . after posting photographs of his ' laboratory ' , the jihadi wrote on twitter : ' ieds is my favourite weapon after sniping , u hit the enemy & disappear in thin air just like a ghost . its a must ' . tariq served a sentence for fraud in the uk before joining isis in syria late last year . shortly after joining the terrorist group he began posting detailed explosive-making instructions and encouraging ' lone wolves ' still living in the west to carry out deadly bomb attacks . tariq has previously posted under various twitter handles but he is usually suspended rarely quickly thanks to bomb-making guides and sickening calls for terror attacks in the uk . he regularly posted photographs of handwritten instructions explaining how to assemble crude explosive devices and listing the chemicals needed to create deadly poisons . chilling : hamayun tariq - who uses the nom de guerre abu muslim al-britani - has methodically arranged the room into areas for building bombs and areas to check their functionality . sick : tariq served a sentence for fraud in the uk before joining isis in syria last year . he soon began posting detailed explosive-making instructions and encouraging ' lone wolves ' to carry out deadly bomb attacks .  isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike and is no longer in control of the terrorist group , according to an iraqi source . the source said that he was wounded by an attack from the us-led coalition while travelling in a three-car convoy in march in nineveh , iraq . at first his chances of survival were deemed by his lieutenants to be low , but he pulled through . however , he was left so weakened that his inner circle reportedly mooted the idea of naming a new leader . he is slowly recovering but does not have the reins of the organisation , according to the guardian . two officials confirmed to the paper that the strike on the convoy did indeed take place , on march 18 in the al-baaj district of nineveh , not far from the syrian border . one , a western diplomat , told the paper that coalition generals weren’t sure whether al-baghdadi was in the convoy . tariq 's twitter rants appear to have been in retaliation for him allegedly having his british passport revoked in 2013 . one of his most widely shared messages was a sarcastic note of ' thanks ' to home secretary theresa may for ' revoking my british citizenship ' . alongside the message was page after page of bomb-making material from a 2006 terrorist manual named the mujahideen explosives handbook . tariq previously claimed to have encountered up to 40 other british nationals in his first seven weeks as an isis fighter in syria , according to the guardian , who spoke to him via twitter 's private messaging function on a now disabled account . describing himself as ' really happy ' to have joined the terror group , he reportedly added that he had also met a ' fixer ' who was smuggling 1,000 new recruits into isis-held areas of syria every week . he reportedly told the newspaper that he first embraced radical islam in 2000 . tariq was arrested for fraud in wolverhampton in 2005 but fled to pakistan to avoid the case going to trial . he was deported back to britain two years later and served three and a half years in prison . he claims to have left britain immediately after his release in 2012 and moved to the waziristan region of north west pakistan , where he joined the local taliban branch . expensive : hamayun tariq clearly uses expensive equipment , including high-tech microscopes , laptops and radiation testers while building the ieds and detailed bomb-making manuals are dotted around the factory . one of tariq 's most widely shared messages was this sarcastic note of ' thanks ' to home secretary theresa may for ' revoking my british citizenship ' . alongside the message posted on this long-disabled account was a copy of bomb-making material from a 2006 terrorist manual named the mujahideen explosives handbook . in september or early october tariq is understood to have been contacted by isis fixers who paid for his transport to join the terror group in syria . he was trained as a sniper before moving on to specialise in explosives - a subject he has been interested in since studying for a gcse in science in the mid-1990s . tariq described his new life under isis as far more comfortable than that in pakistan . ' life was tough in waziristan but here i ca n't believe i get a salary , i get rent . they even paid for my transport . i 'm really happy here and all the guys i 've met from the uk are also happy and settled , ' he was quoted as saying . the home office would not speak about tariq 's claim that his passport had been cancelled , saying they could not comment on individual cases . however they did add that in a broader sense any individual who has conducted himself ' in a manner seriously prejudicial to the vital interests of the uk ' can have their citizenship revoked . the home office has said there are at least 500 britons fighting for isis in syria and iraq , although a number of experts believe the real figure is likely to greatly exceed that .