if you had planned to jet off today to catch the end of the easter school break , you may just wish you had stayed at home . in a double hit for thousands of holidaymakers trying to leave britain today , strikes by french air traffic controllers and new border control checks threaten severe delays . air passengers face up to three days of disruption , with british airways , easyjet , ryanair and flybe among the airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights . scroll down for video . delays : easyjet is one of many airlines set to cancel flights over a strike by french air traffic controllers over the next three days ( file photo ) . chaos : new passport regulations could cause queues on roads leading to dover and folkestone ( file photo ) . and those travelling abroad by ferry or eurotunnel face queues as exit checks are introduced at britain’s ports . the change , which takes effect from today , means every passenger in a car or coach will have their passport scanned . the walkout by france’s biggest air traffic controllers’ union sncta will begin at 5am today and run until 5am on friday – with vast knock-on disruption expected . last night , easyjet , which flies to more than a dozen french cities , said it was cancelling 118 flights , including ten directly affecting the uk . ba warned of ‘ significant disruption’ and apologised for the cancellation of around a dozen return flights from britain . flybe said it was cancelling 16 of today’s flights including services to paris from manchester , birmingham and exeter as well as some flights from southampton . crush : passengers travelling on the channel tunnel or on cross-channel ferries are likely to see the worst of the disruption ( file photo ) . ryanair said it was cancelling 250 of today’s flights , with more likely , branding the strike ‘ grossly unfair’ . nearly a third involve the uk , although many are destinations outside of france hit by the knock-on effect . a ryanair spokesman said all affected customers have been contacted by email and text message and advised of their options – full refund , free transfer on to the next available flight or free transfer on to an alternatively routed flight . the civil aviation authority said passengers affected by the strike would not receive compensation because industrial action is classed as an ‘ unforeseen circumstance’ outside the control of airlines . but they will be entitled to food , drink and , if necessary , hotel accommodation . in response to dire warnings that the introduction of border control checks would cause chaos , ministers have tried to lessen the impact by phasing the new rules in . for the first month , all passports will be scanned but only a quarter of passport holders will have to have their details verified . by june , this will rise to 100 per cent . forget rome or athens , the best place to bask in spring sunshine this week will be britain . the glorious weather is set to stretch out for the rest of the week – with hotter temperatures here than in many mediterranean destinations . the mercury is set to rise steadily until friday , when southern parts of england are forecast to hit 21c ( 70f ) or higher , which would be the hottest temperature here so far this year . rome and athens are only expected to reach 16c ( 61f ) , while marseille is set to stall at 18c ( 65f ) . but make the most of it when you can as last week’s cooler weather is predicted to return on sunday . dan williams , spokesman for the met office , said : ‘ we are looking at high temperatures until the weekend . it will be cooler and breezier over the weekend with some rain . that will make way for more unsettled weather into next week . ’ 