one problem with space travel is that humans aren’t very good at coping with reduced gravity - their bones and muscles deteriorate over time . but one company says they have an answer - a giant rotating space cylinder that can create artificial gravity . scroll down for video . a washington , dc-based company called united space structures wants to create a new space station . their giant cylinder ( shown , with the iss and space shuttles illustrated ) could apparently replace the iss . it would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity , and would be 1,300ft ( 400 metres ) long , cost £200 billion ( $ 300 billion ) and take 30 years to build . the ‘ space mushroom’ was designed by bill kemp and ted maziejka from united space structures ( uss ) , based in washington , dc . the final design would be 330ft ( 100 metres ) in diameter and 1,310ft ( 400 metres ) long . • orbiting hotel/casino/3d sports arena . • orbiting space station - planetary environmental monitoring/research . • solar system space vehicle . • settlement cargo vehicle & construction platform . • rescue vehicle . • continuously looping space ferry system . • mining vehicle/platform . • manufacturing platform . • bio-medical research/manufacturing . artificial gravity is created by spinning the station 4.22 times per minute around its vertical axis , creating downward pressure via the centrifugal force to keep objects - including humans - on the floor . the force would be the same as the gravity experienced on earth . meanwhile on the iss , the station is in constant freefall towards earth as it orbits the planet - so the astronauts live in ‘zero-gravity’ . while the main cylindrical body would spin in one direction , the top dome-shaped section would spin in the other direction . this would allow spacecraft to dock with the top of the station , which would appear stationary to them . the necessity for this dome gives the space station its mushroom-like appearance . the dome would house the command centre for the station , and also many of the supplies needed for the crew on board . ‘ we believe artificial gravity is required to support long term living in space , ’ mr kemp told mailonline . to build the station , the team says they have ‘ patents pending’ for six robotic systems that can manufacture and construct a variety of structures in space . while exact details aren’t known at the moment , another company - tethers unlimited - has demonstrated how structures could be built in space with their spiderfab proposal , a system of robo-spiders that would build parts of spacecraft in orbit , although mr kemp told mailonline that the uss method would be ' different ' . mr kemp added that , for this large structure , it would take about 30 years to build and cost close to £200 billion ( $ 300 billion ) . for comparison , it took more than 10 years to build the iss , at a cost of around £67 million ( $ 100 billion ) - although this new station has 2.89 million times more volume . and it would be ‘ large enough to transport all the people and equipment required to set up a colony on mars and would orbit mars and provide a safe environment while the mars base is being constructed . ’ artificial gravity has been considered many times before , most famously in the ' stanford torus ' design ( interior seen here ) . a rotating station would allow people to live as if they were walking on earth , allowing them to stay in space for long periods of time . to build the station , something like spiderfab ( left ) could be used , a proposed system of robo-spiders than can construct solar panels , trusses and other parts of spacecraft in orbit . on the right is an artificial gravity test nasa performed in september 1966 . the gemini 11 spacecraft was attached to an agena target vehicle and spun , with the astronauts reporting a small amount of artificial gravity in their spacecraft . on the iss , the station is in constant freefall towards earth as it orbits the planet - so the astronauts live in ‘zero-gravity’ . however , they actually still experience about 90 per cent of earth 's gravity , but the constant falling makes them seem weightless . inside , the structures would be spinning so anyone on the curved ‘floors’ around the edges would be pushed into the ground , simulating gravity on earth . but mr kemp said they want to build a smaller structure first , to prove the design works . ‘ our first structure will be 30 metres [ 100ft ] in diameter , it will create a 0.6 gravity environment and would house at least 30 people , ’ he said . this smaller structure would cost between £3.5 and £7 billion ( $ 5 and $ 10 billion ) , and could be built in the next 10 years . it would take just 12 to 18 months to build , according to mr kemp . ‘ the international space station is estimated to be decommissioned around 2024 , ’ mr kemp noted . the team has yet to begin any serious construction or testing as of yet - so at the moment , the station remains somewhat of a pipe dream . astronauts on the iss ( terry virts seen left , scott kelly on the right ) live in a constant state of micro-gravity . mr kelly is spending a year on the iss to see what effects such conditions have on the human body for a prolonged period of time . in the 1968 film 2001 : a space odyssey , astronauts are shown running around a spacecraft that spins ( shown ) while on a mission to deep space , creating artificial gravity for them to operate in . previous concepts for spacecraft include this 1969 station that would rotate on its central axis to produce artificial gravity . the majority of early space station concepts created artificial gravity one way or another in order to simulate a more natural or familiar environment for the health of the astronauts on board . however , space settlement expert al globus , who is also a contract scientist at nasa 's ames research centre , told mailonline that he thought the idea was somewhat sound - and artificial gravity was a necessity for prolonged stays in space . ‘ rotation to provide artificial gravity will counteract most , if not all , of the negative effects of micro-g , ’ he said . and he says if we truly want to live in space , including raising children there , it will be necessary to create such a station . ‘ there is no data on the effects of micro-g on kids , but it is safe to assume they will grow up very weak as muscles and bones develop in response to stress , ’ he continued . ‘ thus , for settlement , there is simply no question that they must rotate and almost certainly need to provide 1g at least for the first few generations . ’ but whether this station will be the answer remains to be seen . several other proposals for a rotating space station have been drawn up - including a nasa concept called nautilus-x - but as of yet , there are no concrete plans by nasa , roscosmos ( the russian space agency ) or any other nation on what to do after the iss . whether this station by united space structures or another concept will be built , remains to be seen . nasa 's nautilus-x concept , shown , includes a doughtnut-shaped spinning section in the middle where astronauts can experience artificial gravity . the spacecraft is designed for long trips to the moon , mars or beyond . while a spacecraft could be created with artificial gravity , astronauts will still have to contend with zero-gravity conditions if they ever venture outside into space . shown are nasa 's robert l. curbeam , jr. ( left ) and esa 's christer fuglesang above new zealand in 2006 .