from identical shirts to shaving razors , deodorant and even children 's chocolate , a new website has exposed that australian women are paying more than men for the same everyday consumer goods . since campaigning group getup launched the gender price gap website last week , members and everyday consumers have identified nine separate products that have identical female versions which cost more . bonds has been identified as one of the main culprits , advertising a button-up shirt , that comes in both ' summer blue ' and ' blue denim ' colour options , on their australian website for $ 59.95 . getup 's new website , the gender price gap , has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women . this is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men . however , the exact same shirt advertised under the men 's clothing section is advertised for only $ 49.95 . other examples highlighted on the website , which show increases from as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females , highlight the absurd and unexplained price difference even further . while some might argue that they do n't mind paying an additional few cents now and again , getup 's senior campaigner , kelsey cooke , told daily mail australia that the costs accumulate significantly over a number of years . ' i do n't mind paying an extra 60 cents for whatever item it might be that i like , but when you think about it in terms of weekly and yearly costs , it 's hundreds or even thousands of dollars more than my partner would be paying - even if we had the same shopping list , ' ms cooke said . other examples highlighted on the website , which show price increases by as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females , highlight the absurd and unexplained price difference even further . kinder surprise chocolate eggs , for instance , which were advertised on coles ' website for $ 2.20 , have a pink packaged ' girls ' version for $ 2.30 . meanwhile a packet of five gillette disposable razors for women was photographed costing $ 4.50 at a supermarket while the men 's version , a packet of 10 disposables identical in everything but colour , cost $ 8.91 . the reason for the 1c price difference per razor remains a mystery . when asked why companies would charge women more for the same items , ms cooke said there were two answers that getup had considered . while some might argue that they do n't mind paying an additional few cents now and again , getup 's senior campaigner , kelsey cooke , told daily mail australia that the costs accumulate significantly over the years . a children 's mechanic set , sold by the same company , differs greatly in price . but is there really a difference ? ' one is the idea that men 's products are thought of as the standard product - the neutral or base product - but the women 's version is usually a `` special '' version or a side product . it all comes down to a theory being debated , that women are considered `` the other '' and different , and thus it being ok to charge a premium for the product even if it 's no different , ' she said . ' the other reason is that they 're probably just able to get away with it . i 'm not privy to the conversations going on in these organisations , so i 'm not sure , but i dare say that if they can find a way to make a profit on women 's products by making them cost more , then they 'll probably continue doing it . ' ms cooke said that getup launched the website due to its interest in protesting against the gender pay gap , while drawing inspiration from similar campaigns being launched overseas . ' we know that the gender pay gap is growing at the moment and that it 's only getting worse - right now it 's at 18.8 per cent , and there 's also a big superannuation gap so it 's been on our members ' minds for quite some time . we 've also been hearing more examples about the cultural pressures for women to buy more products , ' ms cooke said . ms cooke said that getup launched the website due to its interest in protesting against the gender pay gap , while drawing inspiration from similar campaigns being launched overseas . ' in france and the u.s. in particular , campaigns have started around the `` women 's tax '' and we were curious to see if this was something australian women were also experiencing , ' ms cooke said . ' in france and the u.s. in particular , campaigns have started around the `` women 's tax '' and we were curious to see if this was something australian women were also experiencing . ' the gender price gap website aims to engage australian women in the global conversation that is taking place around the ' pink tax ' and encourage them to share their own experiences of the ' price gap ' while seeing whether it 's something they are interested in campaigning about . ms cooke warned that price differences were not always obvious due to items for different genders being held in different isles or floors , adding : ' it only becomes visible when you pay attention to it ' . ' we 've had a couple of submissions and we are starting to get a lot of attention drawn to the site , particularly in the last 48 hours , so we do expect the list to increase , ' she said . the gender price gap website aims to engage australian women in the global conversation that is taking place around the ' pink tax ' , and encourage them to share their own experiences of the ' price gap ' while seeing whether it 's something they are interested in campaigning about . haircuts were mentioned by a number of social media users on getup 's website for having a huge difference in price for men and women .