brazilian supermodel alessandra ambrosio goes back to her roots in an edgy new campaign shot in her home country . the 34-year-old victoria 's secret angel shows off her latino style and golden tan as she poses in a new campaign for online fashion retailer dafiti , shot in são paulo . dafiti , latin america’s largest online fashion retailer , has launched its own fashion collection , the dafiti collection , and signed alessandra because they believe she embodies the style of the brand . scroll down for video . alessandra ambrosio , who found fame as a victoria 's secret angel , has been snapped up to front a campaign for online fashion retailer dafiti , which was shot in são paulo . the mother-of-two , who is no . 8 on the forbes list of top-earning models , stars in the advertising campaign wearing sexy and sporty street-style fashion . the brunette model also teamed up with marlon teixeira , laura neiva , bruna tenório , dani braga and ricardo barbato to showcase the new collection . the latin american online fashion retailer signed alessandra because they believe she embodies the style of the brand . the toned and tanned model shows off her lithe limbs as she practices her kick boxing in the fashion shoot . the mother-of-two stars in the advertising campaign wearing sexy and sporty street-style fashion . speaking about the new range , a spokesperson said : ' with a fast-fashion perspective combined with a concept of smart fashion , dafiti collection has eight lines in a variety of styles , encompassing nearly 8,000 products , which range from clothing to footwear in the autumn/winter collection . ' we want to democratize the `` smart fashion '' concept , delivering quality , style and affordability to a demanding and informed public , who not only want to buy fashion in a convenient way but also stay up-to-date on the latest trends . ' the mother-of-two models the new a/w15 collection , which has eight lines in a variety of styles ranging from clothing to footwear . it 's been a busy few weeks for the model mother , who enjoyed a recent stint at the coachella valley music and arts festival last weekend . and her schedule looks set to get even busier . in march , alessandra was spotted filming the sequel to the teenage mutant ninja turtles movie . the leggy beauty will find her role a familiar one as she has been cast as herself , opposite will arnett , according to the hollywood reporter . will starred in the 2014 reboot of the ninja turtles franchise along with megan fox , who will also be reprising her role of april o'neil in the sequel . it 's been a busy few weeks for the model mother , who enjoyed a recent stint at the coachella valley music and arts festival last weekend . 