a book of songs used by the u.s. air force contains horrifying lyrics about rape , pedophilia and homosexuality . the unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers . former tech . sgt . jennifer smith , who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in iraq , brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012 . a book of songs used by the u.s. air force contains horrifying lyrics about rape , pedophilia and homosexuality . the complaint alleges some of the most disturbing content is found in the songbooks of the 55th , 77th , and 79th fighter squadrons of the air force . but smith said the general assigned to address her complaint also sang the sexist songs with the airmen regularly and she did not hear back from him . set to the tune of bye bye blackbird : back your a** against the wall , here i come b**** and all , bye , bye cherry . i know i ai n't got a lot , but what i got will fill your t*** , bye bye cherry . i took her to my cottage in the wild woods , and there i took advantage of her childhood . oh my god , it was nice , cherry bye bye . the complaint alleges some of the most disturbing content is found in the songbooks of the 55th , 77th , and 79th fighter squadrons of the air force , reports abc news . the 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including pubic hair , the kotex song and bestiality . one of them , the s & m man , is set to the tune of the candy man and describes sexually mutilating women and dragging aids victims behind a bus . another one of them comes with the warning : ' this song is only for a very few sick people ! ! ! ! ' a section of the book reads : ' this book is our thoughts , our songs and our games . ' lesser individuals who have never strapped their a**** to a piece of flaming metal will considers these of little or no redeeming value . because of this , the songs contained in this book are held as sacred by those of us that have . ' the 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including pubic hair , the kotex song and bestiality . one of the songs comes with the warning : ' this song is only for a very few sick people ! ! ! ! ' it is stamped with the playing-cards logo of the 77th fighter squadron , which is based at shaw air force base in south carolina . the daily beast reports the papers also show jailbait posters . in a press conference tuesday on the lawsuit , smith said co-workers mocked and harassed her after she complained . ' i filed a formal complaint , ' smith said , reports usa today . ' six officers were punished in my case . all the officers received nothing more than a piece of paper reprimanding them for their behavior . all will still lead . all will oversee airmen and sexual assault claims . ' in her original complaint , smith also said she was sexually assaulted by her master sergeant in germany . smith escaped that assault when several other airmen intervened . retired air force col. don christensen , president of protect our defenders , an advocacy group for military sex assault victims told stars and stripes : ' this is something that is used by air force officers today . ' these are the commanders who sing songs about raping women as fun . ' the book is bound to look like an official air force publication - the bottom of its pages are labeled ' for unofficial use only . former tech . sgt . jennifer smith , ( pictured ) who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in iraq , brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012 . air force spokeswoman capt . brooke brzozowske did n't comment on the lawsuit itself to abc news , but said the book was from 2012 , before the air force initiating a health and welfare inspections program where such materials would have been confiscated . she said the air force had contacted the inspectors general to make sure the books were not still in use . she told stars and stripes that as a result of a 2012 six-month investigation there were 16 allegations against eight officers at shaw air force base who failed to prevent or investigate sexual harassment , condoned or refused to remove sexually offensive material and tolerated on-duty alcohol consumption . in 2014 there were nearly 6,000 victims of sexual assault in the u.s. military this year , up eight per cent from last year , according to a study . the pentagon report , based on an anonymous survey and shared with the associated press , also found that retaliation remains an ongoing problem in stern military culture that emphasizes rank , loyalty and strength . indeed , 60per cent of the women who reported some type of unwanted sexual contact complained about social backlash from co-workers or other service members . under fire from congress , pentagon leaders and the white house , the military services have launched programs to encourage reporting , provide better care for victims , step up prosecutions and urge troops to intervene when they see others in threatening situations . congress continues to press for an overhaul of the military justice system to change the way that sexual assault cases are handled . 