ed balls has been accused of treating the public with ' contempt ' after dismissing as a ' joke ' the infamous labour note admitting the party had blown the nation 's finances . the shadow chancellor said the letter , left in the treasury by the former labour minister liam byrne in 2010 , was just a ' jokey note ' . mr byrne 's glib note to his successor as treasury secretary stated : ' dear chief secretary , i 'm afraid there is no money . kind regards – and good luck ! liam . ' scroll down for video . damaging : labour 's liam byrne sent left this handwritten note to his successor before he left the treasury in 2010 . the note has become emblematic of labour 's fiscal irresponsibility in office and was used by david cameron in the seven-way leaders ' debate earlier this month . when the coalition took office in 2010 the budget deficit had reached more than £150billion – more than 10 per cent of the entire size of the economy . but mr ball insisted the note admitting that labour had blown the nation 's finances should not be taken seriously . he told bbc west midlands : ' liam byrne 's note was a jokey note… of the course the money had n't run out . ' mr balls said labour would cut the deficit – still running at £90billion a year – every year . he said : ' nothing in our manifesto is going to require additional borrowing . i think in tough times , people want a government which will make tough decisions , and will make the sums add up , and that is what we 're saying very clearly today . ' but he was asked if labour was ' credible ' and could be trusted with the economy . mr balls said : ' i think people want to know the sums add up . people know that the global financial crisis was n't caused by labour 's spending – it was n't labour 's spending on nurses and doctors which meant the lehman brothers investment bank went bankrupt in new york . ' liam byrne 's note was a jokey note , of course the money had n't run out . ' ed balls , pictured in birmingham today , said the letter , left in the treasury by the former labour minister liam byrne in 2010 , was just a ' jokey note ' . mr balls blamed the lib dem minister david laws for leaking the note . he said it was supposed to be a private note , adding : ' it was supposed to be a piece of humour . in fact , in that year , the government spend hundreds of billions of pounds , so of course the money had n't run out , but there was a large deficit , and we had to get it down , and we needed to get it down in a fair way . ' the reason why we 're more credible than the tories now is that they 're not people who understand the need for change in the economy , it 's not been all in it together , they 've not even balanced the books – it 's going to take a labour government to do it . ' former treasury secretary liam byrne left the note to his successor david laws in 2010 . the tories this morning slammed mr balls 's remarks – claiming they showed that he had not learnt the lessons from the great economic crash . treasury minister david gauke said : ' the fact that ed balls thinks the debt they left the country was a ' joke ' goes to show the contempt they hold the public in . ' it is clear labour has not learnt the lessons of the past and would do the same all over again - more taxes , more borrowing and more debt . ' the letter has haunted labour for years , allowing tory and liberal democrat ministers to prove the nation 's coffers were empty . the letter consisting of just 18 words it offers no apology or justification for the state of the nation 's finances , only a glib ' good luck ' to whoever was left to clear up the economic mess . written in blue ink on government note paper , it was opened by lib dem david laws who became chief secretary to the treasury when the coalition was formed . lib dem mr laws said : ' he left a note which frankly does sum up precisely the state of the treasury when he left it . i think it is refreshing that a labour politician has been prepared to admit that . ' mr byrne has admitted he will regret it for the rest of his life . he said : ' it was a very foolish thing to do . ' i suppose i did think there was a convention amongst honourable members that private correspondence would stay private . ' there 's obviously a very old tradition of these notes that goes back to the 1930s . i felt disappointed that some very old conventions had been cast aside for political advantage . '