after drawing praise for india’s operation to rescue around 2,000 nationals by air and sea from war-hit yemen , minister of state for external affairs v.k singh , who is spearheading the rescue exercise , found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media . the former army chief is currently staying in djibouti for over a week spearheading operation rahat . “ friends what do you expect from presstitutes… . ” gen. singh tweeted last night in response to a channel quoting him saying that he found the evacuation assignment less exciting than his recent visit to the pakistan high commission on the occasion of pakistan 's national day . the comment evoked sharp reactions , with the opposition demanding an apology from the union minister . but the bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) has distanced itself from the former army chief’s views . bjp spokesperson sambit patra said : “ twitter is a personal platform . the meaning of a tweet can be best explained by the person who has tweeted . ” but the comment has not gone down well with journalists , and the broadcast editors’ association found the tweet to be offensive . the association’s general secretary , n.k . singh , said that such comments damage the image of the government . congress irked . the congress also grabbed the opportunity to corner the nda government and demanded that the minister be sacked . “ it is very unfortunate that a minister is using abusive language against the media . he is holding a very important position . it is for the prime minister to take a call on this , ” said congress spokesperson shakeel ahmed . “singh’s statement shows utter intolerance and incapacity to hear any kind of criticism or dissent , ” the indian national congress said on its twitter handle , quoting its spokesman abhishek singhvi . another party spokesman sanjay jha tweeted : “ general v.k . singh’s choice of dreadful terms to attack indian media is not just politically inappropriate but seriously lamentable . ” this is not the first time when general singh’s tweets have stirred a storm . the union minister had tweeted “duty” and “disgust” soon after attending a reception hosted by pakistan high commissioner abdul basit in new delhi , where kashmiri separatists were also invited . the yemen rescue : indian nationals in dijibouti before taking off for mumbai . singh had represented the government at the pakistan day reception and his tweets were read as his displeasure . but the union minister later clarified that his comment was directed at the media’s twists to the whole episode and that he was misinterpreted . the former army chief has vented his anger at the media several times in the past as well . he has used the word “pressitute” earlier , too , when reports pointing fingers at him for attempting a coup had appeared in the media . the latest episode has hit the government at a time when the flawless execution of operation rahat was being hailed by all . the mammoth effort saw 4,000 indians being brought home safely from the war zone in yemen besides many citizens of other countries . the former army chief is not known to mince his words . he is not the only one in the government who had uncomfortable relations with a section of media . with pti inputs . ' rahat ' brings indians home from yemen . by mail today bureau in new delhi . india has pulled off an impressive mission by evacuating nearly 2,000 ( by air and sea ) nationals during a gruelling operation in the war-hit yemen . operation rahat , as the elaborate humanitarian assistance exercise was christened , has entered its last phase as not many are left to be pulled out from yemen where houthi fighters are resisting a saudi arabia- led offensive in a war that has left hundreds dead . the houthis are a zaidi group that takes its name from hussein badreddin al-houthi , who launched an insurgency in 2004 before being reportedly killed by the yemeni army . led by abdul-malik al-houthi , the group carried out a coup in 2014–15 and as of now controls capital sana’a and the parliament . three warships , two iaf super heavy transporters , two merchant vessels and two air india jets helped ferry indians and some foreigners to safety . officials said that air operations are being called off , but the naval warships will remain till the last person is evacuated . minister of state for external affairs v.k . singh , who was in the centre of a storm for a remark against the media , led the evacuation operation from djibouti located on the horn of africa across the gulf of aden . singh had created a controversy on tuesday when he said : “ actually speaking , the operation ( evacuation ) in yemen is less exciting than going to the pakistani embassy . ” on wednesday , he sparked fresh storm by referring to a section of the media as ‘presstitutes’ . the indians were taken out on warships and air india planes from yemen and brought to djibouti before being sent home . it was a herculean effort considering the numbers involved and the situation on the ground , which was deteriorating with every passing day . as the air operations were being called off on april 8 , naval warship ins tarkash reached djibouti from al hodeidah port with 74 people on board and ins sumitra entered the al hodeidah harbour of yemen on the red sea . along with destroyer ins mumbai , the three naval warships made several sorties from djibouti to the three port cities in yemen - al hodeidah , aden and al mukalla - to bring back the stranded indians who were told to assemble at these points from the hinterland . the ministry of external affairs coordinated smoothly with various agencies to ensure that the passage back home was safe and secured .