keith anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette last year . he left one , an army lance corporal , in a coma and severely brain damaged . a violent thug who ended a soldier 's career with one punch because he was n't given a cigarette has been jailed for seven years . lance corporal albert duffy had survived bomb blasts during a glittering military career which saw him complete three tours of war-ravaged afghanistan . but after returning home to the uk , he was attacked at a bus stop by drink and drug-crazed keith anderson and left with severe brain damage . just minutes before the attack , anderson had punched another man , injuring him and leaving him incapable of work for a month . the 28-year-old thug ' bounced around , triumphantly like a boxer ' after the assaults , a court heard this week . a judge was told the soldier had high hopes of progressing through the ranks , but is now unlikely to return to the military . jailing anderson for seven years at teesside crown court this week , recorder patrick palmer said : ' albert duffy was enjoying his career in the army . ' he was doing his bit for the united kingdom and served abroad and served in combat and it seems highly unlikely he will return to his career . your one punch destroyed that . ' the court heard anderson first attacked adam crosby at a bus stop in hartlepool town centre on july 26 last year . he was angered that he only offered him the remainder of the cigarette he was smoking . mr crosby had to take a month off work at his family firm after he was left with a fractured cheek bone and damage to his teeth and nose . anderson then walked to a nearby bus stop where l/cpl duffy was waiting and punched him to the ground after he failed to produce a cigarette . the soldier was left him slumped on the ground , bleeding from his ears and in a coma for 14 days . he sustained a fractured skull and needed two rounds of surgery after suffering haemorrhages , with part of his brain being removed . l/cpl duffy , from darlington , county durham , was a member of the 3 rifles infantry battalion and had served in the army for more than ten years , seeing colleagues killed and injured in afghanistan . teesside crown court heard lance corporal albert duffy 's military career had been ruined by the attack . he escaped with his life in 2009 after a vehicle he was in hit an improvised explosive device . he was blown 15 feet into the air , but suffered only a broken foot . since the attack , he has gone from one of the fittest in his battalion to a man who struggles to put together sentences , the court heard . he also has hearing problems and has little short-term memory , the judge was told . his mother , marie briggs , says she no longer recognises him as the caring son once looked up to by his seven siblings and her three-step children . in a statement to the court , l/cpl duffy said : ' i do n't know what i 'll do if i do n't have the army in my life and i have fought for my country . ' i find it difficult to comprehend how my life has been ruined by a male from hartlepool , who punched me for no reason . ' fellow-victim mr crosby told the court : ' i 'm 25 , i should be enjoying myself , but this attack has had a massive affect on me . ' robin turton , prosecuting , said when anderson was arrested on july 30 , he asked police : ' is that me you 're looking for in the paper ' after seeing headlines as officers appealed for help . he also asked about the condition of one of the victims , but made no comment when he was interviewed . l/cpl duffy and the other victim , adam crosby , were set upon at a bus stop in hartlepool in july last year . mr crosby 's blood was found on clothing seized from anderson 's home in hartlepool . anderson admitted grievous bodily harm against mr crosby and grievous bodily harm with intent for the attack on l/cpl duffy . he was sentenced to two years for the attack on mr crosby and seven for the assault on l/clp duffy to run concurrently . neil mullarkey , mitigating , said anderson had started to tackle his drink problem since he was remanded in custody . he added : ' he is disgusted with himself and thinks about what he has done every day and is ashamed . ' the court heard that anderson already has 19 convictions for 39 offences , including punching and head butting two women in a takeaway and an assault in which he used a pool ball in a sock to attack a man in a pub . but recorder mr palmer stopped short of classifying him as a ' dangerous offender ' , which would have allowed the judge to jail anderson indefinitely .