children 's soft toys act as a reservoir for bacteria and bring germs into hospitals , scientists have warned . a team of researchers at vanderbilt university in tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery . they note that despite hand washing and other protocols , surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem . children 's toys could act as a reservoir for bacteria and bring germs into hospitals , scientists at vanderbilt university in tennessee , have warned . the researchers concluded this implied one of two scenarios . firstly , that current infection prevention methods are not effective . and secondly that there are alternative sources of bacterial exposure to the surgical wound . their study revealed that soft toys brought into the operating theatre by children served as a breeding ground for bacteria . they urged parents to be aware of the dangers comfort items could pose , and take steps to eradicate the risk . dr jonathan schoenecker and his team aimed to investigate if cuddly toys contribute to surgical-site infections . they swabbed stuffed animals that were brought into hospital by children ahead of surgery . the findings revealed that all those soft toys swabbed showed bacterial growth . in addition , the researchers demonstrated that a single wash and dry cycle at home , followed by sealing the toy in a plastic bag for 24 hours , effectively ' sterilised ' 79 per cent of those soft toys tested . researchers urged parents to wash and sterilise their child 's toys before bringing them into the operating theatre , to help minimise the risk of their child suffering a surgical-site infection . the study report states : ' these results indicate that items of comfort , such as stuffed animals , brought into the operating room with a benevolent purpose may represent a reservoir of bacteria that could lead to unwanted surgical-site infections . ' washing an item of comfort one day before surgery effectively sterilises that item . ' the researchers note that future studies will be needed to determine the correlation between stuffed animals that test positive for bacteria and surgical-site infections . another area to look at is whether giving a child a ' sterile ' soft toy reduces the risk of surgical-site infections .    