rita wilson took to her twitter account on wednesday to thank her supporters , one day after revealing she has breast cancer and undergone double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery . the 58-year-old actress - who is married to actor tom hanks - tweeted : ' i am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you 're sending . thank you . thank you . ' on tuesday , she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by people magazine . thanking her supporters : rita wilson took to her twitter account on tuesday after revealing she has breast cancer and undergone double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery ( pictured in september 2014 ) . rita , who took a leave of absence from broadway play ' fish in the dark ' earlier this month , revealed she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and completed a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery . she explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week . ' last week , with my husband by my side , and with the love and support of family and friends , i underwent a bilateral mastectomy and reconstruction for breast cancer after a diagnosis of invasive lobular carcinoma , ' she said in the statement . grateful for the outreach : ' i am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you 're sending . thank you . thank you ' . by her side : the star - married to tom hanks - announced on tuesday that she was recently diagnosed with cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy ( pictured together in february ) . ' i am recovering and most importantly , expected to make a full recovery . why ? because i caught this early , have excellent doctors and because i got a second opinion . ' a mastectomy is an operation that removes all or part of the breast . before the diagnosis , wilson said she had ' vigilantly monitored ' her health with mammograms and mris because she knew she had an underlying condition of lcis , ( lobular carcinoma in situ ) ' . the mother-of-two explained that she recently underwent a breast biopsy , but no sign of cancer was discovered until she sought the opinion of a second doctor on the advice of a friend . the doctor discovered the cancer and she then sought out the opinion of another pathologist , who confirmed the diagnosis , she said . recuperation : ' i am recovering and most importantly , expected to make a full recovery ' . advice : she shared the news on facebook and linked to a statement printed by people magazine . her cancer was not found in the first round of tests so she encourgaed others to seek a second opinion , like she did . rita , who married oscar-winner tom in 1988 , went on to implore others to seek a second opinion before thanking her loved ones for their support . ' i share this to educate others that a second opinion is critical to your health , ' she said . ' you have nothing to lose if both opinions match up for the good , and everything to gain if something that was missed is found , which does happen . early diagnosis is key . ' on facebook on tuesday , she encouraged other women to seek a ' necessary and vital ' second opinion if they found themselves in similar situations . treatment : wilson , pictured last year , said she underwent two breast biopsies before she was diagnosed . ' not just by another doctor but by another pathologist , ' she added . ' i 'm doing well and getting stronger every day . ' following her announcement , famous friends passed on their best wishes to the actress . ' sending the wonderful rita wilson my love and best wishes for a speedy recovery and good health , ' katie couric wrote on twitter on tuesday morning . support : celebrity friends flocked to twitter to pass their best wishes to the actress after her announcement . thankful : cnn host christiane amanpour noted how wilson 's statement will help future families . christiana amanpour added : ' wishing my good friend @ ritawilson the best as she makes this important announcement , which will help millions of women and their families . ' ' sending all my love to the brave and beautiful @ ritawilson , ' josh groban tweeted . wilson released the statement on tuesday after it was announced earlier this month that she had temporarily left the broadway play , written by and starring larry david . at the time , a spokesperson said wilson was expected to return to the stage on may 5 . while on medical leave , she has been replaced by glenne headly . admiration : singer josh groban also sent his best wishes to the actress on twitter on tuesday . by her side : actress christina applegate also sent her love to wilson . wilson is also known as the mother of marnie , played by allison williams , in hbo 's ' girls ' . she has two sons with hanks , chester marlon , 24 , and truman theodore , 19 , as well as two stepchildren from hanks ' previous marriage - actor colin hanks , 37 , and writer elizabeth , 32 - to whom wilson is close . hanks and their mother , samantha lewes , had met in college but divorced in 1987 , the year before he married wilson . lewes passed away in 2002 , when she was just 49 , after battling bone cancer . wilson 's message to other women to get screened comes just days after taylor swift revealed her mother , andrea , had been diagnosed with cancer . she also urged her fans to remind their parents to get checked . family : wilson is pictured with hanks and one of their sons , chester , in december 2011 . the couple has two sons together and hanks is also father to a daughter and son from his first marriage . invasive lobular carcinoma is a type of breast cancer that starts in the milk-producing glands of the breast and spreads in a web-like manner . due to this , it does not typically form a lump , as is expected with breast cancer , and instead causes a thickening of the tissue , making one part of the breast feel fuller than other areas . other symptoms including a change in the texture of appearance of the skin on the breast , such as dimpling , or an inverted nipple . women with this type of breast cancer are usually a few years older than women diagnosed with other types , and it is more likely to occur in both breasts compared with other types . the cancer is invasive , which means it has the potential to spread to other parts of the body . it can be found through screening tests including physical exams or mammograms . mammograms are encouraged yearly when a woman turns 40s or earlier if they have a family history of breast cancer . treatment includes removing part or all of the breast followed by chemotherapy or radiation . according to the american cancer society , more than 180,000 women in the u.s. are diagnosed with invasive breast cancer each year , and about one in ten cases are invasive lobular carcinomas . the earlier the diagnosis , the better the prognosis . patients have a slightly better outlook for both short- and long-term survival compared to other types of breast cancer . according to a study by breast cancer research , the five-year survival rate is 85 per cent .