john helm was commentating on bradford city’s game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day . here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze . it was a day i have often tried to forget , but it was the one i must always remember . approaching the 30th anniversary of the bradford city fire , it was inevitable i would be asked to recall the horrific images from a match i was commentating on for yorkshire television . what i did not expect was for someone to suggest the fire may not have been an accident , as martin fletcher has done with his book fifty-six , the story of the bradford fire . the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 . martin lost three generations of his family and has a right to speak his mind — any bitterness would be understandable — but from everything i have been told there isn’t a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately . on the contrary , i remember the coroner telling me it was obvious how the fire had started . detective inspector raymond falconer actually identified a man who had dropped a lit cigarette that went down a hole in the stand and started the fire . this corroborates what i was told at the time by the coroner . he said it was believed the fire had been started by a man , visiting this country from australia , but his name was never revealed . without making allegations against the club’s chairman at the time stafford heginbotham , there is inference by implication in the book — with reference to a series of fires at factories owned by the now deceased heginbotham . as members of his own family were seated in the stand that day , and as it was due to be demolished anyway 48 hours later , it is unfathomable to think there could have been an act of arson . i find it abhorrent that stafford heginbotham’s family are being subjected to this unseemly inference at a time when people are still grieving and paying their respects three decades on from the most horrendous day of their lives . there isn’t a shred of evidence to suggest anything other than a terrible human tragedy . it should also never be forgotten that heginbotham twice saved bradford city from extinction . as son james said to me : ‘ he put that club above everything else , including family and business . ’ a memorial at valley parade pays tribute those who died in the devastating blaze almost 30 years ago . we all have our memories of a day that still sends a shudder up my spine . i can not bear to watch the footage . if i hear my voice describing the tragedy as it unfolded i have to leave the room . many of the 54 bradford and two lincoln fans who lost their lives , choked to death with inhalation of fumes . the smell was of acrid tar . as a bradfordian myself i knew many of those fleeing for their lives , as i attempted to describe the scenes without becoming over-emotional . thirty years on we try to forget but we must always remember . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .