a former u.s. marine who lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in afghanistan is making a second attempt to scale mount everest to inspire others like him , a year after an avalanche that killed 16 sherpa guides stopped him at the base camp . former staff sgt . charlie linville , 29 , from boise , idaho , is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter ( 29,035-foot ) summit next month . ' my message is anything is possible . it is just not me being an amputee , but anyone sitting on the couch around the world that has problems - you can overcome life , it is just how determined you are , ' linville said in kathmandu on friday , on his way to tibet in neighboring china , from where he will set out on everest . scroll down for video . ready to go : in this april 16 photo former u.s. marine charlie linville , left , and his climbing partner tim medvetz sit for an interview in kathmandu , nepal . challenging peak : their quest to climb everest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 sherpa guides in april when an avalanche swept down . he was an explosives expert serving in afghanistan in 2011 , when he went to investigate an explosion that wounded his colleague . he was hit by another explosive device and seriously wounded , and two years later , had his right leg amputated below the knee . he retired from service and has been climbing since with the heroes project , a nonprofit organization that helps wounded veterans . taking the lead : linville , 29 , from boise , idaho , who lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in afghanistan is making a second attempt to scale mount everest to inspire others like him . high-tech : he is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter ( 29,035-foot ) summit next month . everest would be his highest and toughest mountain that he has attempted to climb . his quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 sherpa guides in april , the beginning of the climbing season , when an avalanche swept down . at the time , linville was at the base camp at 5,360 meters ( 17,595 feet ) . this time , he plans to approach from the northern , tibetan side , together with the heroes project 's founder tim wayne medvetz and an eight-member team . ' the only difference between me and any climber on the mountain is that i am missing one limb and i have to deal with metal , ' he said .