a row has erupted over controversial plans to demolish an historic grade i listed crescent designed by the architect of buckingham palace and replace it with a £500milion block of luxury flats . after angering locals with an initial proposal , the developer has now submitted fresh plans to demolish the john nash-designed park crescent west and rebuild it as apartments . the crescent 's facade will look near-on identical to its current design , but residents who live behind the site are furious at the proposals , claiming years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives . fresh start : park crescent west , next to regents park in london , could be demolished and re-built again under controversial plans which have angered nearby residents worried about noise and disruption . how it could look : controversial plans for houses behind park crescent west ( pictured ) have been unveiled by property developer pcw property holdings . the development would be made up of 73 homes in total . pcw property holdings paid £105million for the crescent in 2013 . the new development will be made up of 73 homes , ranging from studios and mews houses to five-bed flats worth £15million . with around 183,000 sq/ft of accommodation , any completed development is set to be worth in excess of £500million . carlo seidel , who is representing residents , yesterday said ' an overwhelming number ' of people were against it . he said : ' there are a lot of elderly people living here and a number who are n't healthy . they do not want the development to go ahead . opposition : modern flats next to the planned development ( pictured ) where residents are objecting to the proposal to demolish a grade i listed crescent designed by the architect of buckingham palace . the vision : after angering locals with an initial proposal , the developer has now submitted fresh plans ( pictured ) to demolish the john nash-designed crescent and rebuild it as ultra-posh apartments . a big deal : with around 183,000 sq/ft of accommodation , any completed development in place of park crescent west , near regents park in london , is set to be worth in excess of £500million . a glimpse into the past : how park crescent west looked in the early 1900s . it was designed by buckingham palace architect john nash . ' this is a complicated project and there will be massive disruption . people are upset . ' it is at the expense of longstanding london residents who are expected to put up with years of misery and mess without any compensation , for the sake of the developer 's profit . ' mr seidel added : ' residents are conscious that developments have to happen from time to time but they feel that they ought to be appropriately compensated for being caught up in one . ' it is probably going to take around five years and some of the elderly people are saying they wo n't be alive for another five years . ' if this is going to happen they are going to need decent compensation so they can move while any work takes place . ' the crescent was originally designed by john nash in the early 19th century to be grand houses for the friends and family of the prince regent . in the pipeline : the revamp will be made up of 73 homes , ranging from studios and mews houses to five-bed flats worth £15million . residents fear the work could take around five years to complete . bombed : what the crescent looked like in the early 1950s after being partially destroyed in the second world war . the grade i listed terrace was restored in 1960 and replaced with offices and residential accommodation . nash , who designed buckingham palace , wanted a full circus , but only a semi-circle was ever built and a large amount was destroyed by bombing during the second world war . the crescent was restored in 1960 and replaced with offices and residential accommodation . developers want to replace the facade of the grade i listed crescent , which is a ' flawed modern copy ' of the original work by nash . the proposals are to remove it and build a more historically correct and accurate replacement . there were plans to build 80 homes , but the developers had to revise their proposals after discovering an 18th century ice house beneath the road and parking bays . fresh plans , consisting of almost 150 documents , were submitted to westminster council last week . john nash , remembered for his work on buckingham palace , regent 's park and regent street in london , is one of the most famous architects of the 18th and early 19th centuries . he was born in january 1752 and after an early education received training from the architect sir robert taylor . after early education , nash was trained by the architect sir robert taylor and worked as a surveyor and builder in the city of london . in 1777 nash established his own business and later inherited £1,000 from an uncle which he decided to risk on the building of houses in great russell street and bloomsbury square . the buildings failed to rent out and nash was declared bankrupt in 1783 . returning to london in 1797 , nash then designed a number of gothic castles around the country , in places such as luscombe castle in devon and caerahays castle in cornwall . nash soon came under the patronage of the prince regent , later king george iv . in 1806 he was appointed surveyor general of woods , forests and parks and from 1810 onwards worked solely for the prince . by 1813 he had been appointed official architect to the office of works , which meant advising parliamentary commissions on things such as new church buildings . this was when he designed regent 's park , buckingham palace and two theatres in haymarket . when george iv died in 1830 , nash lost his royal protector amid a backlash about the extravagance of the king 's reign . buckingham palace had cost thousands , millions in today 's terms , and nash ultimately retired . he died a few years later in may 1835 . architect : john nash ( pictured left ) , who designed buckingham palace , wanted a full circus but only a semi-circle crescent was ever built , where scientist and inventor sir charles wheatstone ( right ) once lived . landscaping : what the gardens could look like under the landscaping scheme for park crescent west . a raise pool with seating is included . but despite the anger from residents , there is support from people working in the property industry while westminster council would receive around £5million from the developers for affordable housing . becky fatemi , managing director of luxury estate agent rokstone , believes it is an ' exciting new plan ' which will help boost the area . she said : ' over the last five years the regeneration of marylebone and new super-prime resi projects in regents park such as the new mansions at cornwall terrace have totally transformed the perception of the park and its surrounding properties . builders at the park crescent west site . despite anger from residents , there is support from people working in the property industry while westminster council would receive around £5million for affordable housing . on site : builders at the grade i listed crescent where property developer pcw property holdings insist the plan is for the facade to look near-on identical to its current design . there were plans to build 80 homes , but the developers had to revise their proposals after discovering an 18th century ice house beneath the road and parking bays . around 200 people living in flats ( pictured ) that back onto park crescent west , many of whom are elderly , are opposed to fresh plans , consisting of almost 150 documents , submitted to westminster council last week . unhappy : carlo seidel ( right ) , who is representing angry residents , said ' an overwhelming number ' of locals were opposed to the plans for park crescent ( left ) . he claimed the project would cause ' massive disruption ' . ' oil royals , wealthy russians and ukrainian commodity billionaires plus celebrities such as tom ford have all moved into homes around regents park and the location has become totally transformed into a highly sought after luxury village . ' the buyers will be people looking for homes in and around marylebone and regents park who want lateral space and like the regency aesthetic . ' ms fatemi added : ' modern schemes nearby such as the chilterns and chiltern place are superb , but not everyone likes ultra modern developments . ' period facade projects like park crescent and cornwall terrace appeal to another market who like opulent period architecture homes with luxury new specification features . ' this market is very popular with middle east , russian and eastern european buyers , and it also attracts city brokers wanting a luxury london home . '