an alcohol-fuelled 14-year-old boy killed a father-of-two in an unprovoked street attack after wishing him ' happy new year ' . kyle major , from blackpool , lancashire , followed his victim - who had just asked his group of friends for directions - and felled him from behind with a punch to the back of the head . paul walker , 52 , was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground and died shortly afterwards in hospital . kyle major , 14 , punched father-of-two paul walker ( right ) in the back of the head after wishing him a happy new year . the court heard the boy had been ' allowed to run wild ' . the court heard how he had been found face down in a pool of blood by a passerby in the early hours of new year’s day this year , and that his hands were still in his pockets when paramedics arrived . sentenced at preston crown court today , major , who pleaded guilty to manslaughter at an earlier hearing , was ordered to be detained for three years . the recorder of preston , judge anthony russell qc , lifted reporting restrictions on naming the juvenile following an application that the public interest in identifying him outweighed the child’s welfare . teenager kyle major cowardly killed father of two paul walker in the early hours of new year 's day . major followed his victim who had just asked his group of friends for directions and felled him from behind with a single punch to the back of the head . the court heard that mr walker , described by his family as ' a lovely man with a big heart ' , had lost his way in the resort after leaving his sister’s new year’s eve party ' in good spirits ' . he came across a group of youths in the street in sutton place who told him where he was , including major who was heard to wish him ' happy new year ' . moments later the defendant and a male friend followed mr walker . major ran off after felling mr walker and later texted another friend : 'i’m scared . don’t want to go to jail . two/four years . don’t say anything . ' he initially denied any involvement in the attack when arrested . mr walker was described by his family in the court room as a ' lovely man with a big heart ' . the court heard that major , of devonshire road , had consumed six bottles of budweiser lager and a quarter of a bottle of jack daniels whiskey on the night . he regularly drank to excess and was also an habitual user of cannabis . the teenager already had seven previous convictions for non-violent offences such as burglary and theft . major consumed six bottles of budweiser lager and a quarter of a bottle of jack daniels whiskey on the night . major regularly drank to excess , smoked cannabis , was in foster care and had seven previous convictions . he had been under the supervision of a youth offending team since december 2013 following various court orders but his response was said to have been “poor” and he was described in reports as acting in ' a reckless and carefree manner ' with no regard to the consequences to himself or others . currently in foster care , major’s parenting was said to be 'out-of-control ' . judge russell said that mr walker had been ' vulnerable ' and possibly unsteady on his feet . ' the blow was of significant force to knock a large man down . you had no thought for what you were doing at the time . ' you have a criminal record and you have shown until this matter came to light no inclination to mend your ways or respond positively . ' you were responsible for the loss of this decent man , a loss for which the family will never recover . your upbringing has been unfortunate and you have been allowed to run wild . '