they have been married for less than a year and already there 's a baby on the way . on tuesday jessa duggar announced she 's pregnant with her first child with husband ben seewald , 19 . ' we 're expecting ! ' the 22-year-old 19 kids & counting star told people . ' we are so excited . the due date is november first , our wedding anniversary . ' scroll down for video . a baby on the way : jessa duggar announced she 's expecting her first child with ben seewald , 19 . ' we 're expecting ! ' the 22-year-old 19 kids & counting star announced on tuesday . excited for the arrival : the tlc stars also shared this image that had written on a white onesie , ' coming soon , 11.01.2015 ' something in the water ! soon after the announcement was made , anna duggar ( middle ) shared an image of jessa ( right ) showing off her bump in a twitter photo . also in the snap is jill ( far left ) , who was still with child at the time the photograph was taken . a big hint : the announcement does not come as too much of a surprise to fans as in late march an image of the two was uploaded to facebook that suggested they could be expecting - ben was holding his wife 's stomach in a pose typically struck by couples who are about to share they 're planning for a little one . jessa 's baby will be the sixth grandchild for the duggars . she is the third child to marry , and every marriage has resulted in a baby the first year of marriage . the youngest of jim bob and michelle 's children , josie , seen here in jim bob 's lap , is younger than their eldest granddaughter mackynzie , who is seated in the front row . soon after the announcement was made , anna duggar shared an image of jessa showing off her bump in a twitter photo . also in the snap is jill , who was still with child at the time the photograph was taken . ' congrats @ jessaseewald @ benseewald on your pregnancy ! it was great to be pregnant together @ jillmdillard , ' she wrote in the caption . anna , who is married to eldest duggar josh , is pregnant with the couple 's fourth child , a baby girl due in july . the couple , who married in 2008 after a chaste courtship , already have mackynzie , michael and marcus . josh works for the family research council , a pro life , anti gay marriage christian lobbying organization in washington dc . the whole family is famously prolife and shuns birth control . michelle stopped taking birth control after she miscarried early in her marriage . she had gone on the pill following eldest child josh 's birth . then she miscarried while taking birth control , she has said . michelle then went off birth control and soon welcomed fraternal twins - and never used birth control again . now michelle and all her children proclaim that god does their family planning and they share their prolife beliefs on social media and the show . and lots of kids is n't all he shares with his parents . he and anna also seems to be continuing a tradition with naming , as all 19 duggar children have names that start with j , and his three children all have m names . josh shared this photo of his pregnant wife and three children at the airport a few days ago . his eldest child is older than his youngest sister . the whole family is outspokenly pro-life , and josh and anna are seen here kneeling when attending a rally earlier this year . josh now works for the family research council , a conservative prolife group . josh shared this photo of his wife and younger brother joseph for joseph 's birthday - wearing anti roe v wade t-shirts for the occasion . jill , the fourth eldest duggar , welcomed son israel david earlier this month , ten months after her wedding . and now the fertility streak is continuing with daughter jessa and her husband ben . ' we are looking forward to being parents , ' ben told people on tuesday . ' i am feeling pretty good , ' added jessa . ' the morning sickness was different every day . it 's getting better , but i 'm still hanging on to the heartburn . and i do n't have any super serious food cravings . ' the announcement does not come as too much of a surprise to fans as in late march an image of the two was uploaded to facebook that suggested they could be expecting . ben was holding his wife 's stomach in a pose typically struck by couples who are about to share the good news that they 're planning for a little one . the picture , in which the newlyweds are smiling and making the shape of a heart with their hands on jessa 's stomach , sparked rumors online of an impending pregnancy . anna , left , got to be pregnant with jill , right , for this her fourth pregnancy . the pair posed for this photo earlier this year , before jessa 's pregnancy was public . flashback ! for her first pregnancy , anna and her mother-in-law michelle were pregnant at the same time . making babies ! they shared their passion online and the lovebirds in a romantic kiss after they married . they saved the first kiss for their wedding day and only held hands when they got engaged . hiding her tummy : on sunday the duggar daughter shared this image to instagram with the caption , ' headed to big sandy , tx to meet up with my family ! ' the two did not make any kind of statement at the time . in her people interview , the tlc star explained that she found out she was with child when she took a pregnancy test one sunday morning before church . ' i said , `` hey ben , guess what ? yeah , you 're a dad . '' we could n't believe it , ' the daughter of jim bob , 49 , and michelle duggar , 48 . she added , ' we are so excited . we have started talking baby names . it is one of those things that is so special , picking a name for a baby . ' it runs in the family : jessa 's older sister jill dillard , 23 , and her husband , derick , 26 , welcomed son israel david on april 6 after a 70-hour labor . ben works for jim bob duggar doing odd jobs , and jessa was always chief organizer for her younger siblings , organizing their home school and packing for trips . no doubt reality tv paychecks and assorted book and speaking fees will help the young couple afford the new addition . and both will have time to raise the little one . the seewalds live in a house on the duggar property , owned by jim bob and michelle . previously josh and anna lived their , and welcomed their two older children into the world in home births in the house . mackynzie was born int he master bedroom , and michael was born while anna was on the toilet . marcus was born at a midwifery center . it 's not known if jessa plans to homebirth in the same house as anna or not . jessa 's older sister jill dillard , 23 , and her husband , derick , 26 , welcomed son israel david on april 6 after a 70-hour labor and an emergency c-section . they had planned a homebirth as well , as jill is a midwife , but it did n't go as planned . jill says the doctor stitched her up really well , however , and she hopes to have many more pregnancies and deliver future children vaginally . on tuesday evening during an episode of 19 kids & counting jessa and ben will feature a special message . also in the episode a look at the couple 's honeymoon in venice and paris is shared . the two are seen kissing in piazza san marco as pigeons land on their heads . the honeymoon ! on tuesday evening during an episode of 19 kids & counting , jessa and ben are seen visiting venice , italy where they kiss in piazza san marco as pigeons land on their heads . yikes : the reality star was a put startled when a pigeon landed on her and said , ' when they see food they attack you ' . he was impressed : while in the square ben said , ' the city itself is tight and close together , but here is this big open square ' . just like an old married couple : the tlc standouts talked about getting close with the birds ; jessa said she did n't like having their claws in her hair . they also went to paris on their honeymoon . being pregnant has not changed jessa and ben 's plans to adopt . ' our hearts have n't changed on adoption , ' the star said . people noted the agency the couple has contacted ' requires prospective parents to be married for two years before adopting . ' ' we are still making plans , ' she said . for now the two are just soaking it all in . ' we are trying to take it one day at a time , ' ben said . their wedding made for good ratings : the arkansas residents tied the knot on november 1 , 2014 in front of 1,000 people and the nuptials were aired on tlc . ' we pray every night that god helps us be good parents . we are getting advice from other parents . ' and though jessa is only 22 , she has a good perspective on how things should move forward . ' i am not comparing , not worrying about what could happen , we are just getting prepared , ' the tlc favorite said . ' i think having this first year together to share our lives , just the two of us , has been special . we are definitely excited to be parents . ' their show 19 kids & counting airs tuesdays ( 9 p.m . et ) on tlc . 