authorities say police officers shot and killed a suburban st. louis black man after he charged at them with a knife . a police body camera recorded the interaction . st. louis county police chief jon belmar said at a news conference on saturday that thaddeus mccarroll 's mother reported on friday night that her son had barricaded himself in a home in jennings . the mother told police her son ' was talking about going on a `` journey ' '' and a `` mission '' and mentioned a `` black revolution , '' ' according to police . scroll down for video . dead : thaddeus mccarroll , pictured in 2012 , was killed outside his jennings home on friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife . shooting : police fatally shot thaddeus mccarroll , 23 , after he ' refused to listen to them and charged at them with a knife ' . his mother said he was walking around the house with knives and a samurai sword . st. louis television station kmov reports that belmar says the man had access to a sword and that officers tried but failed to engage him in conversation . video shows a man emerging from the home at about 1 a.m. carrying a knife and a bible . police say they shot him with an ' less lethal impact weapon ' because they felt they had to act . the rubber bullet to the leg failed to deter the suspect . officers then responded the ' charging ' mccarroll with a lethal round of shots , reports nbc . ' the officers resorted to less lethal force to try and bring the incident to a safe conclusion with no loss of life , but this individual made the decision to refuse these attempts , and charge at officers with a deadly weapon , ' belmar said in a statement . talking him down : dashcam footage shows police attempting to stop thaddeus mccarroll from charging . the encounter was recorded on officer 's body camera as police asked mccarroll to drop his knife numerous times . ' why are you carrying a knife ? ' an officer can be heard asking mccarroll . ' your mom is worried about you . ' an officer then told mccarroll they were ' not here to harm you ' after mccarroll replied . the home : mccarroll died outside his jennings home on friday night after he allegedly charged at police . ' we need to know that you 're going to be okay , starting right now , ' an officer said . two police officers shot mccarroll several times and the sound of the gunshots was captured by the body camera . cops can be heard calling fro cpr and a medic . mccarroll died outside his jennings home . ' a family lost a loved one tonight and that is tragic , ' st. louis county police chief jon belmar said during a news conference on saturday . police in missouri and around the united states have been under intense pressure to be transparent about arrests and shootings ever since the death of unarmed black teen micheal brown . brown 's death sparked nationwide protests and put pressure on police to record their interactions with a body cam .