paypal said that the devices ( stock image pictured ) would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers . paypal is developing a new generation of edible passwords which stay lodged in your stomach to let you log in . jonathan leblanc , the company’s top developer , said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers . he said that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ‘ true integration with the human body’ . the next wave of passwords will be edible , ingestible or injectable and will remove the need for what he called ‘antiquated’ ways of confirming your identity , such as fingerprint scanning . typing in a password will become a thing of the past too , he added . mr leblanc , the global head of developer evangelism at paypal , said in a presentation called ‘ kill all passwords’ that he wants to ‘ put users in charge of their own security’ . he said that passwords as they are now were not working and that users need to ‘ harden it with something physical behind it’ . edible capsules could check the person’s glucose levels or blood pressure before beaming out encrypted data , the wall street journal reported . other possibilities include silicon chips which are put under the skin and ‘ wearable computer tattoos’ which send information via a wireless connection . a diagram of a chip used in his presentation shows a device that has sensors , a wireless transmitter , photo detectors , a power coil and a temperature sensor . mr leblanc said paypal was currently carrying out hackathons to develop vein recognition technologies and heartbeat recognition bands to go round a person’s wrist . but he cautioned that the company has no immediate plans to use such devices . jonathan leblanc , the company’s top developer , said that passwords as they are now were not working and that users need to ‘ harden it with something physical behind it’ instead of typing it into a given computer field . mr leblanc said : ‘ i can’t speculate as to what paypal will do in the future , but we’re looking at new techniques – we do have fingerprint scanning that is being worked on right now – so we’re definitely looking at the identity field’ . in a statement paypal later said that leblanc 's comments were meant as blue skies thinking and that the company was not actually developing edible passwords . a spokeswoman said : ' we have no plans to develop injectable or edible verification systems . ' it 's clear that passwords as we know them will evolve and we aim to be at the forefront of those developments . we were a founding member of the fido alliance , and the first to implement fingerprint payments with samsung . ' new paypal-driven innovations such as one touch payments make it even easier to remove the friction from shopping . we’re always innovating to make life easier and payments safer for our customers no matter what device or operating system they are using . ' edible passwords would be the latest breakthrough in biometrics after it emerged that a new app lets you use your face to log in to a website instead of using a password . true key takes a photo of your face with the computer’s camera and stores it for later use . when you want to use a password-protected website such as your email , the app scans your face and matches it with its records - removing the need for a password . security experts have long bemoaned how easy it is to break passwords , not least because one of the most popular is the word ‘password’ . the most widely used in 2014 was '123456 ' followed by ‘password’ and '12345678 ' , according to one survey . another problem is that the average person has to remember 19 passwords but one in three said they struggled to remember them all .   