a sprawling rural estate - complete with a grade ii-listed manor house and five cottages - is on the market for £6million . set in 200 acres of land near bridgnorth , shropshire , the chyknell hall estate also boasts a swimming pool , tennis court , stables - and even its own cricket green . its centrepiece , the 11-bedroom chyknell hall , was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since . it is thought the regency home could now attract a-list buyers as the secluded grounds offer residents complete privacy . sprawling : chyknell hall estate , which comes complete with a grade ii-listed house ( pictured ) and five cottages , is on the market for £6million . grand : a sumptuous sitting room in the nine-bedroom chyknell hall , which was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since . outdoor living : the property also boasts a large outdoor swimming pool and pool house ( pictured ) , library , wine cellar and billiard room . sports day : the current owner installed a cricket green , pictured , on the estate , and bought all the maintanence equipment needed . the owner will also be set up for entertaining with a wine cellar , four-oven aga , loggia , library and billiard room . and a number of compartment gardens means guests will never be bored by the same view . the estate , described as the ' pinnicle of the residential tree ' , offers 57 acres of woodland and more than 500 acres of adjoining sporting rights , including game shooting . the land also planning permission for five more properties , should the new owner wish to expand . the ownership of chyknell hall estate can be traced back to medieval times and this is only the third time in its history it has been on the market . it remained in the same family for generations before it was sold to a family in the 1930s . the current owners bought it four years ago . the estate is now being sold by estate agents knight frank for offers over £6million . clive hopkins , head of estates at knight frank , said : ' this estate is a package that ticks most boxes . ' you 've got a listed regency house that has been refurbished to a high standard but kept traditional features , set in some wonderful compartmentalised gardens which means as you walk round the house you get a different type of garden depending on what window you look out . bright and airy : the regency home has been refurbished to a high standard , but has kept original features . above , one of the dining areas . grand hallway : the ownership of chyknell hall estate can be traced to medieval times and this is only the third time it has been on the market . opulent : a roll-top bathtub takes centre stage in one of the 10 bathrooms in chyknell hall , which also boasts 11 bedrooms . secluded : the sprawling manor , pictured , is set in traditional parkland which has no footpaths through it - offering complete privacy . ' that 's then set in traditional parkland which is very private and secluded . there 's no rights of way or footpaths through it , which is very rare for a house of that age . ' rights of way originated from footpaths being made for staff working in a big country house to get back to their village so it 's very rare for a house of this stature not to have a path . ' it 's a really big draw in this day and age , owners want privacy but do n't want to be too remote . ' this estate has no road noise , no light pollution and no pylons . it 's a package which is very rarely found and is highly sought after . ' it would suit someone looking to buy the next stage of house , an estate like chyknell is the pinnacle of the residential tree . ' the current owners are only moving because they have found an estate with more land . he is very keen on his cricket and put a cricket pitch in here so he could get his friends round for a game . it 's not quite a lord 's , but it 's a very high standard , he bought all the equipment , rollers and things . ' with this estate you get a lot of bricks and mortar for your money . not many estates like this come up and when they do they are highly sought after . ' rural retreat : there are a number of smaller properties on the grounds , including three cottages housed in the red-brick block pictured above . picturesque : the tennis court on the chyknell house estate , which offers residents no road noise , no light pollution and no pylons . beautiful : there are compartment gardens on the estate , which means residents and guests will never be bored of the view outside . elegant : the land also planning permission for five more properties , should the new owner wish to expand . above , the estate 's swimming pool .