a father from milton keynes claims he has developed an allergy to nigel farage that leaves him sweating and shaking whenever he sees the ukip leader on tv . richard howarth , 35 , says he gets so agitated when he sees mr farage that he has to immediately change the channel or he becomes ill . the medical recruitment consultant , who has always had a keen interest in politics , said hearing mr farage 's voice makes him ' physically sick ' . scroll down for video . richard howarth says he breaks out in a sweat and starts shaking when he sees ukip leader nigel farage . he claims the lead up to the election is a difficult time for him because mr farage , who is standing as a candidate in thanet south and has appeared on tv debates , is on television so often . he said : ' it 's almost like an allergy . the symptoms are similar . when i see him on telly , i sweat a lot and become anxious . ' thinking about how the party can affect the way my son is going to be able to live his life in the uk makes me worry . ' i end up switching over because he just infuriates me . i 'm obviously allergic to nigel farage . ' mr howarth said he initially watched coverage of mr farage to educate himself on ukip 's policies . ' at the start , i did listen to his points but in the end i could n't , ' he said . ' it was not good for my health . ' seeing him made me weak – i had to lie down . i ca n't watch him anymore . i do n't want to feel ill and anxious . ' mr howarth , 35 , says he has to change the channel when mr farage appears or he becomes physically sick . a phobia expert says it 's possible to have a reaction to a politician or person you fundamentally disagree with . changing the channel usually provides instant relief , but sometimes mr howarth gets so frustrated thinking about mr farage that it takes him hours to calm down . ' if i do something else and distract myself away from it , i 'm fine but otherwise it can be a couple of hours , ' he said . mr howarth 's wife catherine , 32 , has also told of his reaction . ' he has to turn the tv off or change channels because both seeing and hearing nigel 's voice makes him physically sick , ' she admitted , saying she had sympathy for her husband 's unusual symptoms . ' he gets anxious and irritable and his hands shake . when he does turn over his symptoms continue for a while . ' psychologist dr rick norris , author of think yourself happy , said mr howarth 's reactions sound more like they are the result of a phobia rather than allergy . mr howarth 's wife catherine ( right ) says her husband gets so wound up by mr farage that he starts to shake . dr norris said : ' phobias are irrational fears that cause some kind of avoidance reaction in the people who experience them . ' it is possible to have such a reaction to a politician or person whose views are diametrically opposed to your own . ' some people can have similar reaction to their boss . they can get very fearful when called into their bosses ' office or at the thought of seeing them . ' what 's unusual in this case is that mr howarth appears not to have been in mr farage 's presence , only to have seen him on the television . '