an 18-month-old toddler was left covered in blood after being dragged face first for 3ft along a pavement by a hit-and-run cyclist . young harry was out with his parents in cambridge on bank holiday monday when he was caught under a cyclist 's wheel and dragged along the path . angela buckler , 34 , said the female cyclist rode off without showing any remorse , despite leaving harry with blood pouring from her face and inside his mouth . an 18-month-old toddler , harry , was dragged along the path ( pictured ) by a cyclist after getting caught under her wheel while he was out in cambridge with his parents . the incident took place while the family were parking up to go shopping on a path which is used by both cyclists and walkers . police have now urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident . ms buckler a project manager for a cambridgeshire biologics firm , told the cambridge news that the cyclist , thought to be in her 20s - who was also wearing headphones - was not paying attention and was ' not bothered ' by what she had done . she said : ' he was caught on his front and his face was dragged along the pavement . she then ran over one of his legs with her bike wheel – there was a big bruise and welt there . ' she added : ' i had this feeling of horror . i scooped him up and there was blood everywhere . ' but she was not remorseful in the slightest . she just said he was on the cycle path . she stayed for a couple of minutes while i called the ambulance and then said something like `` well there 's nothing else i can do here '' and went off . she could see him bleeding . ' the incident took place on a path which is used by both cyclists and walkers on monday ( file picture ) . harry had to be treated at addenbrooke 's hospital in cambridge for cuts and bruises to his face , head and legs . an east of england ambulance service spokesman said they received a call just before 11.30am to a report of a child being hit by a bicycle . they said : ' an ambulance crew and paramedic in a rapid response vehicle attended to the patient who was conscious and breathing , but was not completely alert . ' the child was taken to addenbrooke 's hospital for further treatment . ' a cambridgeshire police spokesman said they were also called to the incident . they said : ' we were called by the ambulance service just before 11.30am . the 18-month-old boy was taken to hospital but did not suffer serious injuries . ' the cyclist did not stop at the scene and officers would like to contact them . '