jon stewart will host his last show on august 6 after he revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news . departing host jon stewart has revealed he will present his final the daily show on august 6 . he kept things lighthearted by talking about how sentimental it will be and joked that he would dress well for his swan song . he said : ' i mentioned to you that i would keep you up to date on any new information we had about the transition of the programme and all those other things . ' we do have some specific information . my last daily show program will august 6 . ' i will be wearing a suit , i will more than likely be showered . ' he told viewers he hoped they would join him and announced a competition to get tickets to the final show . it comes after he revealed that he decided to call time on his 17 year reign because he was becoming increasing depressed by american politics and watching cable news . stewart will be replaced by trevor noah , 31 , who instantly became the center of a debate over his questionable jokes on social media . noah has been accused of antisemitism for comments made about jews in tweets dating back to 2009 . but stewart urged viewers to give the south african comedian a chance , saying he was ' an incredibly thoughtful and considerate and funny and smart individual ' who would earn viewers ' respect . speaking after making his shock decision , stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the ' relentless ' 24-hour news networks anymore . ' watching these channels all day is incredibly depressing , ' stewart told the guardian . ' i live in a constant state of depression . i think of us as turd miners . i put on my helmet , i go and mine turds , hopefully i do n't get turd lung disease . ' stewart has now set an official exit date , with comedy central announcing last month that comedian and the daily show correspondent trevor noah , left , would be taking over . asked if he 'd ever voluntarily watch fox news , stewart said , ' let 's say that it 's a nuclear winter , and i have been wandering , and there appears to be a flickering light through what appears to be a radioactive cloud and i think that light might be a food source that could help my family . ' i might glance at it for a moment until i realize , that 's fox news , and then i shut it off . ' stewart also confessed that his ' moments of dissatisfaction ' with the show had started to become more frequent . ' it 's not like i thought [ the daily show ] was n't working any more , or that i did n't know how to do it . it was more , `` yup , it 's working . but i 'm not getting the same satisfaction , ' '' he said . ' these things are cyclical . you have moments of dissatisfaction , and then you come out of it and it 's ok . but the cycles become longer and maybe more entrenched , and that 's when you realize , `` ok , i 'm on the back side of it now . ' '' stewart said he did n't have many regrets from his time hosting the comedy central show , but one was not pushing donald rumsfeld harder when he had the chance in 2011 . even the upcoming 2016 presidential election campaign could n't reignite stewart 's passion the way it once did . ' i 'd covered an election four times , and it did n't appear that there was going to be anything wildly different about this one , ' said stewart . ' honestly , it was a combination of the limitations of my brain and a format that is geared towards following an increasingly redundant process , which is our political process . ' i was just thinking , `` are there other ways to skin this cat ? ' and , beyond that , it would be nice to be home when my little elves get home from school , occasionally . '' stewart also said he did n't have many regrets from his time hosting the comedy central show , but one was not pushing donald rumsfeld harder when he had the chance . the former secretary of defense appeared on the daily show in 2011 for an interview , which the comedian says he messed up . ' he just went into the general gobbledegook , ' said stewart . `` mnah mnah mnah , well , you have to remember , it was 9/11 mnah mnah . '' i should have pushed , but he 's very adept at deflecting . ' rumsfeld , who was on the show to promote his memoir , known and unknown , dodged stewart 's questions about faulty u.s. intelligence leading up to the iraq war . the exiting host told the guardian that one reason for stepping down early in the presidential election cycle was to give noah a big story to tackle . stewart said he felt ' that , for the show , you do n't want to leave when the cupboard 's bare . so i think it 's a better introduction when you have something providing you with assisted fuel , like a presidential campaign . ' 