a canadian teacher was jailed for ten years today after being found guilty of sexually abusing children at an elite international school in indonesia . neil bantleman , who also holds british nationality , was afforded one final kiss from his wife before being led away by police after the verdict was handed down . the sentence sparked outrage from his supporters , including the school itself and the international community , who insist he is innocent and expressed concern over the rule of law in indonesia . scroll down for video . last embrace : canadian teacher neil bantleman kisses his wife tracy before being sentenced to ten years in prison for sexually abusing three young children at a prestigious international school in indonesia today . in a packed courtroom , the administrator was convicted of abusing three young boys at the jakarta intercultural school , which has for decades been favoured by expatriates and wealthy indonesians . also standing trial for abusing the children is ferdinand tjiong , an indonesian teaching assistant at the school . a verdict on his case was to be handed down later today . both men , who have strongly denied committing abuse , received backing from the school , parents , and the international community . their supporters have said the case is deeply flawed and motivated by a bid by one alleged victim 's family to get compensation from the school . before the trial : the couple were pictured hugging before mr bantleman was handed the devastating verdict in jakarta today . behind bars : tracy bantleman looked on in misery as her husband of two years languished behind bars while awaiting his trial . following the verdict , canada and britain called for the authorities to follow due legal process , while america said it was ' deeply disappointed ' and warned it could damage indonesia 's reputation . after nine hours reading the verdict at south jakarta district court , presiding judge nur aslam said that bantleman was guilty of abusing the children . ' the defendant did not admit his crime or express regret for his deeds , nor did he apologise for what he did , which psychologically damaged underage children , ' she said . he was sentenced to ten years in jail and ordered to pay a fine of 100 million rupiah ( £5,200 ) . prosecutors had sought a 12-year term . to applause and cheers from his supporters , who included many parents at the school , bantleman said that he would appeal the verdict : ' we will continue to fight until the truth comes out . ' her voice breaking with emotion , his wife tracy bantleman said that she was ' deeply disturbed and appalled by the decision of the panel of judges . devastating news : mr bantleman looked up in dismay as his guilty verdict was read out by the judge . shock : a stunned tracy bantleman , pictured moments after her husband 's guilty verdict was read out . led away : the teacher , who also holds british nationality , was found guilty of abusing boys at the jakarta intercultural school intercultural school , sparking anger among supporters who insist he is innocent . ' they have absolutely , utterly ignored evidence in support of my husband ' . the scandal , which erupted in april last year with accusations of abuse levelled at cleaning staff , has sparked deep unease among jakarta 's expatriate community and foreign governments alike . u.s. ambassador to indonesia , robert blake , said there were serious questions about ' the investigative process and lack of credible evidence against the teachers ' . ' we are deeply disappointed with this outcome ... the broad international community is following this case closely . ' the outcome of the legal process and what it reveals about the rule of law in indonesia will have a significant impact on indonesia 's reputation abroad . ' the british embassy in jakarta said in a statement there were ' concerns about irregularities in this case ' . hefty sentence : the ten-year jail term has sparked outrage from mr bantleman 's supporters , including the school itself and the international community . emotional goodbye : tracy bantleman hugs her husband as he is led away from court after being sentenced . international disapproval : the british embassy in jakarta said in a statement there were ' concerns about irregularities in this case ' . canadian foreign affairs minister rob nicholson said that canada had ' called for a fair and transparent trial throughout the judicial process ' . accusations of assault at the school - formerly known as the jakarta international school - initially sparked horror among the expatriate community . but the focus soon shifted to what supporters say was an unfair attempt to target bantleman and tjiong by indonesia 's notoriously corrupt police and judicial system . supporters have accused police of a botched investigation , and point to unfair trials , which the judge closed to the public as they involved children . the court was open to the public for the reading of the verdicts . the prosecution insists that the testimony of the alleged victims , all boys , is the truth and that their claims are backed up by evidence from medical examinations . however , the defence argues the medical exams were flawed . the men have said the decision to prosecute them revolved around a separate lawsuit filed by the family of one of the alleged victims , which demands $ 125million in compensation from the school . happier times : neil and tracy bantleman , pictured at a wedding in scotland in july 2013 , are staying together despite allegations he has abused a young boy at the jakarta school where they both work . staying together : neil and tracy bantleman , pictured here attending a friend 's wedding in bali , indonesia .